<doc id="18411776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411776" title="Alexandrinsky Theatre">
Alexandrinsky Theatre

The Alexandrinsky Theatre () or Russian State Pushkin Academy Drama Theater (Российский государственный академический театр драмы им. А. С. Пушкина) is a theatre in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
The Alexandrinsky Theatre was built for the Imperial troupe of Petersburg (Imperial troupe was founded in 1856).
The theatre was opened on 31 August (12 September), 1832.
Since 1832, the theatre has occupied an Empire-style building that Carlo Rossi designed. It was built in 1828-1832 on Alexandrinsky Square (now Ostrovsky Square), which is situated on Nevsky Prospekt between the National Library of Russia and Anichkov Palace. The theatre and the square were named after Empress consort Alexandra Feodorovna. The building is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Historic Centre of Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments.
The premières of numerous Russian plays have been performed at the stage of the Alexandrinsky, including plays by Alexandr Griboyedov, Alexander Ostrovsky, and Anton Chekhov. Famous directors who have staged work there include Vsevolod Meyerhold, Grigori Kozintsev, Georgy Tovstonogov, and Nikolay Akimov.
On 30 August 2006 the theatre reopened after reconstruction.

</doc>
<doc id="18411785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411785" title="Rosarita Tawil">
Rosarita Tawil

Rosarita Tawil () was elected Miss Lebanon 2008 on July 11, 2008. She represented Lebanon in the Miss World 2008 pageant. The celebration was organized and aired live on Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation. Her runner-ups were Stephanie Salem and Michella Haddad.
Education.
Tawil studied Business Administration at the American University of Beirut (AUB). 
Miss World 2008.
Miss Lebanon Rosarita Tawil arrived to South Africa Johannesburg to compete in the Miss World 2008 Pageant. She was between the Finalists of The Miss World Beach Beauty event that took place at The Beverly Hills Hotel in Durban, South Africa and she was between the 32 Top Model semi-finalists in Miss World Top Model fast track event .
Miss Universe 2009.
Rosarita Tawil was supposed to represent Lebanon at the Miss Universe 2009 pageant in The Bahamas but was replaced by Martine Andraos.
Modeling work.
Tawil made many fashion shows for Lebanese fashion designers, including Fadi Nahle. She also made photoshoots for Arabic fashion magazines such as the Sayidati Magazine. Tawil belongs to Nidal's Modeling Agency which is well known in Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="18411788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411788" title="University of Florida Digital Collections">
University of Florida Digital Collections

The University of Florida Digital Collections (UFDC) are supported by the University of Florida Digital Library Center in the George A. Smathers Libraries at the University of Florida. The University of Florida Digital Collections (UFDC) comprise a constantly growing collection of digital resources from the University of Florida’s library collections as well as partner institutions. Opening in April 2006, UFDC has added over 300,000 items - books, newspapers, oral histories, videos, photos, and more - with over 8 million pages.
Preservation and Access.
All materials are freely and openly accessible (Open Access) and full text searchable. In UFDC, all items can be text searched simultaneously or certain collections can be selected for a faceted search. Because UFDC grew out of the efforts of the University of Florida Libraries' Preservation Department, all items are scanned at preservation quality and all are digitally preserved through the Florida Digital Archive. The page images are particularly important for the preservation of artifactually significant materials such as maps, artifacts, illustrated children's literature from the Baldwin Library of Historical Children’s Literature, and other materials.
Technologies.
The UF Digital Collections are powered by the open source SobekCM software engine and suite of associated tools. The associated tools include online user tools and standalone software for use in digitizing and curating born digital materials. The online system is deployed with Solr and other technologies for optimal functionality. 
Because of the highly visual nature of so many items, the pages are displayed as zoomable images (through a JPG2000 server) and all can be browsed as thumbnails at the item and the collection level. Artifacts with multiple photos from multiple angles can be seen in motion, rotating in an Adobe Flash video view, and items can be searched by their geographic information (city, county, state, latitude and longitude) or viewed on a map through UFDC's use of the Google Maps API.
Additionally, UFDC hosts record-only collections like the Catalog of Digital Historical Newspapers (NewspaperCat) which is a tool facilitating the discovery of online digitized historical newspaper content. The records for the newspapers are all searchable and browsable within NewspaperCat. Further, NewspaperCat only includes records for fully and freely available newspapers. NewspaperCat was developed from a grant from the UF Libraries to serve the reference need for finding historical newspapers from around the US and the world.
Statistics.
UFDC includes books, articles, newspapers, photos, videos, audio, and more. As of August 2011, the collections had grown to over 7 million pages. This is an accelerated growth rate compared to the earlier million-page milestones (UFDC began in April 2006, reached 1 million pages in August 2007, and reached 2 million pages reached in July 2008). 
UFDC's statistics page maintains a running tally of loaded items broken down by collection: http://ufdc.ufl.edu/stats/.
Findability.
Along with loading new items regularly, UFDC was optimized for search engine findability using static pages and adding RSS feeds in 2008. Initially, this process included creating static pages for all items on the mirror site UFDC2 (http://www.uflib.ufl.edu/ufdc2 instead of http://www.uflib.ufl.edu/ufdc) and then in November 2010 re-optimizing the site with the single URL (http://ufdc.ufl.edu/), creating RSS feeds automatically for new items loaded and for all items, and optimizing all code for faster loading. These changes were necessary because of the deep web structure of UFDC which, like so many digital library collections, has many directory levels and dynamic URLs that cause difficulty for search engines even with properly implemented sitemaps.

</doc>
<doc id="18411796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411796" title="Berwick (cricketer)">
Berwick (cricketer)

Berwick (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 6 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1779 to 1780.
Career.
Berwick was associated with both Hampshire and Surrey; he also represented All-England.

</doc>
<doc id="18411800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411800" title="Armaside">
Armaside

Armaside is an agricultural village in Cumbria, England, situated north of Low Lorton, south west of the River Cocker, and north west from Cockermouth - .
The village consists of Armaside, Armaside Farm, Armaside Howe, and High Armaside. There is a local business dealing with wind turbines and other forms of renewable energy.

</doc>
<doc id="18411814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411814" title="List of longest continuous truss bridge spans">
List of longest continuous truss bridge spans

<onlyinclude>This list of continuous bridge spans ranks the world's continuous truss bridges in two ways. First by the length of main span (the longest length of unsupported roadway) and second by the total length of continuous truss spans.
This list includes bridges that act primarily as a continuous truss. These bridges may appear to be—or may incorporate elements of—a different design. For example, the list includes the Francis Scott Key Bridge which incorporates an arch shape into the design, but is continuous across multiple spans. The Key Bridge acts first as a continuous truss bridge and secondarily as an arch bridge. This list does not include cantilever bridges.
Only bridges that are currently in use are included in the rankings. Bridges currently being planned, designed, or constructed and bridges that have been demolished are noted separately.
List ranked by length of main span.
The length of main span is the most common method of comparing the size of bridges. The length of the main span will often correlate with the depth of the truss (height the truss from bottom to top) and the engineering complexity involved in designing and constructing the bridge.
For bridges that have the same span length, the older bridge is listed first.
</includeonly></onlyinclude>
List ranked by total length.
It is also possible to rank continuous truss bridges by the sum of the continuous spans. 
Note that if the bridge has an expansion joint (a discontinuity), the sections of the bridge would be considered separate (by the definition of a continuous bridge) for the purposes of this ranking. The Yoshima Bridge is an example of this. It consists of two continuous-truss sections that together have five total spans. The first section (or unit) is 2-span continuous, 125 m + 137 m; the second section is a 3-span unit, 165 m + 245 m + 165 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18411823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411823" title="Rivka Galchen">
Rivka Galchen

Rivka Galchen (born April 19, 1976) is a Canadian-American writer. Her first novel, "Atmospheric Disturbances", was published in 2008, has been translated into over 20 languages, and was awarded the William Saroyan International Prize for Writing.
Biography.
Galchen was born in Toronto, Canada. When she was an infant, her parents relocated to the United States, where she has lived ever since. She lived in Norman, Oklahoma, from 1982 to 1994, where her father, Tzvi Gal-Chen, was a professor of meteorology at the University of Oklahoma, and her mother was a computer programmer at the National Severe Storms Laboratory. Her parents, of Jewish descent, emigrated from Israel before her birth.
In 1994 Galchen began attending Princeton University, where she was an English major. In her sophomore year, she applied to an early-admissions program at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine. She received her M.D. from Mount Sinai in 2003, with a focus in psychiatry. After medical school, she received an MFA from Columbia University, where she was a Robert Bingham fellow. She was a 2006 recipient of the Rona Jaffe Foundation Writers' Award for women writers.
In spring 2011, Galchen served as the Mary Ellen von der Heyden Fiction Fellow at the American Academy in Berlin.
Writing career.
Galchen has written for several national magazines, including "The New Yorker", "Harper's Magazine", the "New York Times Magazine", and "The Believer".
Galchen's first novel, "Atmospheric Disturbances", features a character with her father's name, Tzvi Gal-Chen. The character is a professor of meteorology and a fellow of the (fictional) "Royal Academy of Meteorology", a literary move that was described as an "awfully risky" but successful invocation of "triple unreliability" by critic James Wood of "The New Yorker".
"Atmospheric Disturbances" was represented by the William Morris Agency, which reportedly chose it as one of two books to generate "buzz" for at the 2007 London Book Fair. The novel was purchased by Farrar, Straus and Giroux and published in May 2008. It received a significant amount of attention for a debut novel, including favorable reviews on the cover of "The New York Times Book Review" and by critic James Wood of "The New Yorker". Wood wrote that the novel was best understood as "a contribution to the Hamsun-Bernhard tradition of tragicomic first-person unreliability". The novel was named a finalist for the Mercantile Library's 2008 John Sargent, Sr., First Novel Prize, and for the Canadian Writers' Trust's 2008 Fiction Prize. On 20 October 2008, the novel was named a finalist for the 2008 Governor General's Award, one of Canada's most prestigious literary prizes.
As of 2009, Galchen teaches writing at Columbia University. She is a Contributing Editor at "Harper's Magazine".
In 2010 Galchen was chosen by "The New Yorker" as one of the top 20 American writers under the age of 40. Her short story "The Entire Northern Side Was Covered with Fire" was published in the "Summer Fiction" issue of the same magazine (June 14 & 21, 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18411852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411852" title="Aidai">
Aidai

Aidai and since 1992 Naujasis Židinys-Aidai (literally: "Echoes" and "New Fireplace-Echoes") is a magazine about Lithuanian culture and literature. It was established in Munich, Germany, as a successor of the traditions of "Naujoji Romuva" and "Židinys" magazines published in interbellum Lithuania. Since 1992, "Aidai" is published monthly in Lithuania. 
In 1949, the editorial staff moved to the United States. Around the time first articles about politics and society appeared. In 1953, politics section was canceled. Among notable authors of the time were Kazys Bradūnas and Juozas Girnius. First it was published monthly. It reduced publication to six times a year in 1982 and to four times a year in 1986. After Lithuania regained independence the magazine moved back to Lithuania in 1992. Here it merged with "Naujasis Židinys" and was renamed to "Naujasis Židinys-Aidai". In 1994, publishing house "Aidai" was established, publishing magazines and books. 

</doc>
<doc id="18411854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411854" title="Espresso rub">
Espresso rub

An espresso rub, or coffee rub, is a type of dry spice rub for food, in particular beef, pork and other strongly flavored cuts of meat. Espresso rubs are a blend of spices, herbs and salt, with the addition of finely-ground, dark roasted coffee beans, as typically used to make espresso drinks.
Flavor.
The darkly roasted coffee adds a smoky flavor and a dark caramelized crust to the surface of the food. Espresso rubs add to the "umami", or savory, flavor of foods to which they are applied.
Application.
Espresso rubs are applied prior to the cooking of food, as with other dry rubs. Espresso rubs are most often applied to grilled meats, but are also be applied to seafood and vegetables, and are used with other cooking methods, including baking, roasting, broiling, sautéing, and searing. An alternative to the espresso rub is the addition of brewed black coffee or espresso to barbecue sauce.

</doc>
<doc id="18411856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411856" title="1988–89 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1988–89 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1988-89 campaign was a fairly unsuccessful campaign following the disastrous relegation the previous season. Under the leadership of former Ireland manager Eoin Hand, but a disastrous end to the season saw Town finish 14th, just 6 points and 7 places above the relegation zone.
Review.
Following the disastrous campaign orchestrated by Steve Smith and Malcolm Macdonald the previous season, it was up to former Ireland manager Eoin Hand and assistant Peter Withe to try to recover Town's perilous position in the 3rd tier of English football. At the start of the season, Town seemed to register a loss and a win every alternate week. Although new signing Craig Maskell (bought using the money funded by the sale of Duncan Shearer during the close-season.) started to score the goals that would try to bring Town up to the play-off spots.
The season did not bring much joy to the Town fans probably still reeling from relegation the previous season, although Town did bring some joy with some good results during January and February, as well as a narrow defeat by soon-to-be promoted Sheffield United in the FA Cup restored some pride to the beleaguered fans.
Also during the season Town recorded their biggest ever away league victory - a 6-0 thrashing of Bury at Gigg Lane. Bizarrely, Town would lose 6-0 at Bury the following season. In the last 7 games, Town lost 5 of them and drew the other 2. But, on a positive note, Craig Maskell broke a post-war goalscoring record of 32 goals set by Jimmy Glazzard in the 1954-55 season, by scoring his 33rd goal of the season in the last game of the season at home to Wigan Athletic.

</doc>
<doc id="18411881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411881" title="Thomas Baldwin (cricketer)">
Thomas Baldwin (cricketer)

Thomas Baldwin (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who was prominent in major cricket matches during the 1760s.
Career.
He was a member of the Chertsey Cricket Club who also played for Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="18411891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411891" title="Molyneux Brow railway station">
Molyneux Brow railway station

Molyneux Brow Railway Station was a railway station built on the Manchester, Bury and Rossendale Railway line, between Radcliffe and Clifton (formerly Clifton Junction), in Greater Manchester.
History.
The station was opened in June 1853, and was accessed from Philips Park Road. The station closed on 29 June 1931. The M60 motorway has removed any trace of this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18411897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411897" title="15 cm sFH 02">
15 cm sFH 02

The 15 cm schwere Feldhaubitze 1902 was a German heavy field howitzer introduced in 1903 and which served in World War I.
Design and history.
It was the first artillery piece to use a modern recoil system in the German Army. Some 416 were in service at the beginning of the war. Its mobility, which allowed it to be deployed as medium artillery, and fairly heavy shell gave the German army a firepower advantage in the early battles in Belgium and France in 1914 as the French and British armies lacked an equivalent.

</doc>
<doc id="18411902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411902" title="Burches Run Wildlife Management Area">
Burches Run Wildlife Management Area

Burches Run Wildlife Management Area, formerly Burches Run Lake WMA, is located on near Wheeling in Marshall County, West Virginia. Until 2005 the wildlife management area contained a lake impounded by a dam at risk of failure. The name change occurred after the dam was removed. The terrain climbs gently above Burches Run and is covered by a mature oak-hickory second-growth forest.
Directions.
Burches Run WMA is located at the intersection of Pine Hill Road and Big Wheeling Creek Road about south of Wheeling, Pine Hill Road, also designated as County Route 14 is accessed off of WV State Route 88. Big Wheeling Creek Road is accessed near the intersection of US Route 40 and I-70 at Elm Grove.
This map shows the WMA and where the lake that was removed used to be.
Hunting.
Hunting opportunities, limited by the small size of the area, include deer, squirrel, and water fowl. Camping is prohibited at this WMA.

</doc>
<doc id="18411908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411908" title="Konstantine Gamsakhurdia (politician)">
Konstantine Gamsakhurdia (politician)

Konstantine "Koko" Gamsakhurdia () (born June 24, 1961) is a Georgian politician and an Iranist. He is the leader of the political party "Tavisupleba".
Biography.
Konstantine Gamsakhurdia is the only son from the first marriage of Zviad Gamsakhurdia and grew up in Tbilisi. He is a namesake of his paternal grandfather, Konstantine Gamsakhurdia, the leading 20th-century Georgian novelist. After the 1991-92 coup d'état against his father and the legitimate government he fled with his family to Switzerland. He lived in Dornach and worked as a translator and as a freelancer for several newspapers. 
In 2004 Gamsakhurdia returned to Georgia for the first time in twelve years and began his work as a politician. He has been part of the opposition to Mikheil Saakashvili's government since then and founded the Tavisupleba ("Freedom") party. He was elected to the Parliament of Georgia on May 21, 2008 parliamentary elections, but refused, together with several opposition politicians, to take the seat, claiming that the polls were rigged. He was allowed to regain the seat and joined the Parliament in November 2009, becoming a chair of the parliamentary commission investigating the death of the late President Zviad Gamsakhurdia. 
Gamsakhurdia is married and has two sons.
Publications (selection).
Contributions

</doc>
<doc id="18411909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411909" title="Sa Dulo Ng Walang Hanggan">
Sa Dulo Ng Walang Hanggan

Sa Dulo ng Walang Hanggan () is a Philippine primetime drama "teleserye" aired from 26 March 2001 to 28 February 2003 by ABS-CBN.
Synopsis.
The story revolves around Angeline/Angelina Crisostimo (Claudine Barretto) in the early years of her life. In the beginning of the present generation, a new love story awaits when Angeline Crisostimo, who lives a very normal life, has problems when Sally (Mylene Dizon) comes into the household and starts making those around her miserable. Sally takes her anger out on everyone only to find out that in the end that love and truth will be prevail. In the end, Angeline must face the truth as to who is the man fated to love her amongst Miguel, Clarence, or Benjie.

</doc>
<doc id="18411917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411917" title="Martino Rota">
Martino Rota

Martino Rota, also Martin Rota and Martin Rota Kolunić (c. 1520–1583) was an artist, now mainly known for his printmaking, from Dalmatia.
Martino Rota was born in about the year 1520 in Sebenico, Dalmatia. Little is known of Rota's early life or where he trained as an engraver, but most of his documented career was spent working in Venice, Rome, and Vienna.
Life.
In about 1540, Rota appears in Rome, working as a reproductive engraver in the style of Marcantonio, and employed by, or collaborating with, Cornelis Cort. At some point he left Rome and after a period in Florence was in Venice from 1558, where it has been argued that he substituted for Cort, absent from Venice from 1566-1571, as Titian's reproductive engraver - always a difficult and demanding role - although this is controversial, as none of his prints after Titian mention below the image the 15 year copyright "privilege" granted to Titian by the Senate and referred to on Cort's prints after Titian. He also produced several maps and views of Venice and other cities.
Perhaps with Titian's recommendation, he moved to the Imperial court in Vienna, where he arrived by 1568, and by 1573 he was established as the court portrait engraver. From this time he made fewer reproductive prints, and concentrated on portraiture of the Imperial family, often using assistants as not all the later prints show the fine technical quality of his earlier work. He served the Habsburgs in Vienna during the reigns of Maximilian II and Rudolph II, the second of whom became Emperor in 1576. Rudolf moved the Habsburg capital from Vienna to Prague in 1583, where Rota died the same year.
Work.
Rota has been described as one of the most significant graphic artists of the second half of the 16th century, though few if any of his prints were original compositions.
Chiefly an engraver of portraits, which he also painted, his drafting of the human figure is very correct, and he pays particular attention to extremities. He engraved plates entirely with the graving tool. Rota showed Durerian naturalism and a Venetian feeling for material. Like many printmakers of the period, he combined etching and engraving on the same plates, but in an unusually sensitive manner, exploiting the differences between the two techniques.
He also engraved paintings by masters of the Renaissance, in particular Titian, whose very important destroyed altarpiece of the "Martyrdom of St. Peter Martyr" is now best known from Rota's engraving; he also made engravings after work by Michelangelo and Dürer. His known work includes more than one hundred and seventy engravings and etchings on a variety of subjects, including maps, vedutes, portraits, illustrations for pamphlets, coats of arms, and depictions of the saints. He added to the fame of Sebenico and of his compatriot Antun Vrančić, called Antonius Verantius.
The art collector George Cumberland wrote in 1827 that 
Rota's portrait of the Emperor Ferdinand I (1503–1564), "pictured", may have been engraved from Deschler's medallion of 1561. Other portraits he engraved include the Emperors Maximilian II and Rudolf II and King Henry IV of France.
His masterpiece is considered to be an engraving after Michelangelo's "The Last Judgment".
Signature.
Rota usually signed his plates with his name, sometimes adding the names Sebenico and Venice, but he sometimes used a monogram consisting of a capital 'M' and a pictogram of a wheel ("Rota" means 'wheel' in Latin). The monogram is illustrated in Stefano Ticozzi's monumental "Dizionario" of 1830–1833.
Exhibitions.
From March to April 2003, an exhibition in the Print Department of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts, Zagreb, focussed on works by Rota and by another native of Sebenico, Natale Bonifacio, held in Croatian collections.

</doc>
<doc id="18411925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411925" title="Carthage, Virginia">
Carthage, Virginia

Carthage is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18411926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411926" title="Ilija Đukić">
Ilija Đukić

Ilija Đukić (January 4, 1930 in Novi Rujac – October 22, 2002 in Belgrade) was a Serbian diplomat who reached the post of Foreign Minister for the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia towards the end of his career.
Career.
Đukić attended the Institute for Political Sciences in Beijing, China graduating in 1959. 
The Yugoslav foreign service proceeded to give him a succession of posts in the Far East, until he was moved to Eastern Europe and Moscow in the 1970s and 1980s. 
In 1990, he again returned to Beijing, now as an Ambassador. 
From 1992 to 1993, he was serving as the Foreign Minister of Yugoslavia. 
His final post was as the Yugoslav Ambassador to Beijing from 2000 to 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18411931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411931" title="Midland Riders' Championship">
Midland Riders' Championship

The Midland Riders' Championship was an individual speedway competition for top riders of teams from the Midlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18411938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411938" title="Birkerthwaite">
Birkerthwaite

Birkerthwaite is a village on Birker Fell, Eskdale, Cumbria, England, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18411941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411941" title="Gotti (surname)">
Gotti (surname)

Gotti is an Italian surname which means Goth. The name originated when the Goths conquered Naples and the surrounding region.

</doc>
<doc id="18411951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411951" title="Arnold Caussin">
Arnold Caussin

Arnold Caussin, c. 1505 - c. 1558, was a Renaissance choirmaster, musician, and composer, who wrote a number of motets.
Education.
He was a student in the University of Krakow (1526), registered as "Arnoldus Caussin de Ath ex Hanoniensi Comitatu, Iusquin Prés magnus musicus discipulus". He was a pupil of Josquin des Prez.

</doc>
<doc id="18411956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411956" title="1988 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1988 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1988 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1988年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1988 for the 1987 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1988 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18411966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411966" title="Power graph analysis">
Power graph analysis

In computational biology, power graph analysis is a method for the analysis and
representation of complex networks. Power graph analysis is the computation, analysis and visual representation of a power graph from a graphs (networks).
Power graph analysis can be thought of as a lossless compression algorithm for graphs. It extends graph syntax with representations of cliques, bicliques and stars. Compression levels of up to 95% have been obtained for complex biological networks.
Hypergraphs are a generalization of graphs in which edges are not just couples of nodes but arbitrary n-tuples. Power Graphs are not another generalization of graphs, but instead a novel representation of graphs that proposes a shift from the "node and edge" language to an using cliques, bicliques and stars as primitives.
Power graphs.
Graphical representation.
Graphs are drawn with circles or points that represent nodes and lines connecting pairs of nodes that represent edges. Power graphs extend the syntax of graphs with power nodes, which are drawn as a circle enclosing nodes or "other power nodes", and power edges, which are lines between power nodes.
Bicliques are two sets of nodes with an edge between every member of one set and every member of the other set. In a power graph, a biclique is represented as an edge between two power nodes.
Cliques are a set of nodes with an edge between every pair of nodes. In a power graph, a clique is represented by a power node with a loop.
Stars are a set of nodes with an edge between every member of that set and a single node outside the set. In a power graph, a star is represented by a power edge between a regular node and a power node.
Formal definition.
Given a graph formula_1 where formula_2 is the set of nodes and formula_3 is the set of edges, a power graph formula_4 is a graph defined on the power set formula_5 of power nodes connected to each other by power edges: formula_6. Hence power graphs are defined on the power set of nodes as well as on the power set of edges of the graph formula_7.
The semantics of power graphs are as follows: if two power nodes are connected by a power edge, this means that all nodes of the first power node are connected to all nodes of the second power node. Similarly, if a power node is connected to itself by a power edge, this signifies that all nodes in the power node are connected to each other by edges.
The following two conditions are required:
Analogy to Fourier analysis.
The Fourier analysis of a function
can be seen as a rewriting of the function in terms of harmonic functions instead of
formula_8 pairs. This transformation changes the point of view from time domain
to frequency domain and enables many interesting applications in signal analysis, data compression, 
and filtering.
Similarly, Power Graph Analysis is a rewriting or decomposition of a network using bicliques, cliques and stars
as primitive elements (just as harmonic functions for Fourier analysis). 
It can be used to analyze, compress and filter networks.
There are, however, several key differences. First, in Fourier analysis the two spaces (time and frequency domains)
are the same function space - but stricto sensu, power graphs are not graphs.
Second, there is not a unique power graph representing a given graph. Yet a very interesting class of power graphs 
are minimal power graphs which have the least number of power edges and power nodes necessary to represent a given graph.
Minimal power graphs.
In general, there is no unique minimal power graph for a given graph.
In this example (right) a graph of four nodes and five edges admits two minimal power graphs of two power edges each.
The main difference between these two minimal power graphs is the higher nesting level of the second power graph as well as a loss of symmetry with respect to the underlying graph.
Loss of symmetry is only a problem in small toy examples since complex networks rarely exhibit such symmetries in the first place.
Additionally, one can minimize the nesting level but even then, there is in general not a unique minimal power graph of minimal nesting level.
Power graph greedy algorithm.
The power graph greedy algorithm relies on two simple steps to perform the decomposition:
The first step identifies candidate power nodes through a hierarchical clustering of the nodes in the network 
based on the similarity of their neighboring nodes. The similarity of two sets of neighbors is taken as the Jaccard index 
of the two sets.
The second step performs a greedy search for possible power edges between candidate power nodes.
Power edges abstracting the most edges in the original network are added first to the power graph. 
Thus bicliques, cliques and stars are incrementally replaced with power edges, until all remaining single edges are also added.
Candidate power nodes that are not the end point of any power edge are ignored.
Modular decomposition.
Modular decomposition can be used to compute a power graph by using 
the strong modules of the modular decomposition.
Modules in modular decomposition are groups of nodes in a graph that
have identical neighbors. A Strong Module is a module that does not overlap 
with another module. 
However, in complex networks strong modules are more the exception than the 
rule. Therefore the power graphs obtained through modular decomposition are far 
from minimality.
The main difference between modular decomposition and power graph analysis is the 
emphasis of power graph analysis in decomposing graphs not only using modules of nodes 
but also modules of edges (cliques, bicliques). Indeed, power graph analysis can be seen as a loss-less 
simultaneous clustering of both nodes and edges.
Applications.
Protein-protein interaction networks.
Power Graph Analysis has been showed to be useful for the analysis of several types of biological networks such as Protein-protein interaction networks, domain-peptide binding motifs, Gene regulatory networks and Homology/Paralogy networks. 
Network compression, a new measure derived from Power Graphs, has been proposed as a quality measure for protein interaction networks.
Drug repositioning.
Power Graphs have been also applied to the analysis of drug-target-disease networks for Drug repositioning.
Social networks.
Power Graphs have been applied to large-scale data in social networks, for community mining or for modeling author types.

</doc>
<doc id="18411985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411985" title="Structuralism (architecture)">
Structuralism (architecture)

Structuralism as a movement in architecture and urban planning evolved around the middle of the 20th century. It was a reaction to CIAM-Functionalism (Rationalism) which had led to a lifeless expression of urban planning that ignored the identity of the inhabitants and urban forms.
Structuralism in a general sense is a mode of thought of the 20th century, which came about in different places, at different times and in different fields. It can also be found in linguistics, anthropology, philosophy and art. At the beginning of the general article Structuralism the following explanations are noted:
"Structuralism is a theoretical paradigm emphasizing that elements of culture must be understood in terms of their relationship to a larger, overarching system or structure." 
Alternately, as summarized by philosopher Simon Blackburn, "Structuralism is the belief that phenomena of human life are not intelligible except through their interrelations. These relations constitute a structure, and behind local variations in the surface phenomena there are constant laws of abstract culture."
Structuralism as parallel movement to Postmodernism.
In Europe, structuralism is seen as a parallel movement to American postmodern architecture. The first interpretations of both movements came up in the 1960s. Through publications and presentations by authors such as Charles Jencks, Robert Venturi and Denise Scott Brown, postmodern architecture was successful throughout the world for decades. While postmodernism is concerned with an architectural style, many different aspects of architecture and urbanism are treated in the structuralist movement.
In contrast to the postmodern movement, structuralism has developed more slowly, less noticeably during several different periods in the last decades. The most important theoretical contributions of structuralism were developed in Europe and Japan. In 2011, the first comprehensive compilation of structuralist activity appeared in a publication called, "Structuralism Reloaded". In this extensive book, articles by 47 international authors were published about philosophical, historical, artistic and other relevant aspects. The selecting process for all these different views, including what is more or less important, needs time to give a definitive overall picture of structuralism. The following parts of this article are based on the current state of the publication, "Structuralism Reloaded".
A few months after publishing this book, the RIBA Institute in London discussed the new candidates for the RIBA Gold Medal in 2012. An actual question was: "Should the Venturis be given this year's RIBA Gold Medal?" Surprisingly enough, the RIBA-committee did not award the Venturis with their postmodernist view, and instead, gave Herman Hertzberger the prize for his structuralist architecture and theoretical contributions. The times had changed and a shift in emphasis had occurred. The comment of the former RIBA president Jack Pringle was: "The Royal Gold Medal, Britain's most prestigious award, should go to an architect that has taken us forward, not backwards." Today, postmodern architecture can be compared, to some degree with the architectural movement, Traditionalismus, in Europe.
Various movements and directions.
The anthropologist, Claude Lévi-Strauss, remarked: "I do not believe that we can still speak of one structuralism. There were a whole lot of movements that claimed to be structuralist." This diversity can also be found in architecture. However, architectural structuralism has an autonomy that does not comply with all the principles of structuralism in human sciences. In architecture, the different directions have created different images. In this article two directions are discussed. These occur sometimes in combination.
On the one hand, there is the Aesthetics of Number which was formulated by Aldo van Eyck in 1959. This concept can be compared to cellular tissue. The most influential prototype of this direction is the orphanage in Amsterdam by Aldo van Eyck, completed in 1960. The "Aesthetics of Number" can also be described as "Spatial Configurations in Architecture" or "Mat-Building" (Alison Smithson).
On the other hand, there is the Architecture of Lively Variety (Structure and Coincidence) which was formulated for user participation in housing by John Habraken in 1961. Also, in the 1960s, many well-known utopian projects were based on the principle of "Structure and Coincidence". The most influential prototype of this direction is the Yamanashi Culture Chamber in Kofu by Kenzo Tange, completed in 1967. Similar notions of "Architecture of Lively Variety" are: "Architecture of Diversity", "Pluralistic Architecture" or "Two-Components-Approach".
Origins.
Structuralism in architecture and urban planning had its origins in the Congrès International d'Architecture Moderne (CIAM) after World War II. Between 1928 and 1959, the CIAM was an important platform for the discussion of architecture and urbanism. Various groups with often conflicting views were active in this organization; for example, members with a scientific approach to architecture without aesthetic premises (Rationalists), members who regarded architecture as an art form (Le Corbusier), members who were proponents of high- or low-rise building (Ernst May), members supporting a course of reform after World War II (Team 10), members of the old guard and so on.
Individual members of the small splinter group Team 10 laid the foundations for Structuralism. The influence of this team was later interpreted by second generation protagonist Herman Hertzberger when he said: "I am a product of Team 10." As a group of avant-garde architects, Team 10 was active from 1953 to 1981, and two different movements emerged from it: the New Brutalism of the English members (Alison and Peter Smithson) and the Structuralism of the Dutch members (Aldo van Eyck and Jacob Bakema). 
Outside Team 10, other ideas developed that furthered the Structuralist movement - influenced by the concepts of Louis Kahn in the United States, Kenzo Tange in Japan and John Habraken in the Netherlands (with his theory of user participation in housing). Herman Hertzberger and Lucien Kroll made important architectural contributions in the field of participation. 
In 1960, the Japanese architect Kenzo Tange designed his well-known Tokyo Bay Plan. Reflecting later on the initial phase of that project, he said: "It was, I believe, around 1959 or at the beginning of the sixties that I began to think about what I was later to call Structuralism." Tange also wrote the article "Function, Structure and Symbol, 1966", in which he describes the transition from a functional to a structural approach in thinking. Tange considers the period from 1920 to 1960 under the heading of "Functionalism" and the time from 1960 onwards under the heading of "Structuralism".
Le Corbusier created several early projects and built prototypes in a Structuralist mode, some of them dating back to the 1920s. Although he was criticized by the members of Team 10 in the 1950s for certain aspects of his work (urban concept without a "sense of place" and the dark interior streets of the Unité), they nevertheless acknowledged him as a great model and creative personality in architecture and art.
Manifesto.
One of the most influential manifestos for the Structuralist movement was compiled by Aldo van Eyck in the architectural magazine "Forum" 7/1959. It was drawn up as the programme for the International Congress of Architects in Otterlo in 1959. The central aspect of this issue of "Forum" was a frontal attack on the Dutch representatives of CIAM-Rationalism who were responsible for the reconstruction work after World War II, (for tactical reasons, planners like van Tijen, van Eesteren, Merkelbach and others were not mentioned). The magazine contains many examples of and statements in favour of a more human form of urban planning. This congress in 1959 marks the official start of Structuralism,although earlier projects and buildings did exist. Only since 1969 has the term "Structuralism" been used in publications in relation to architecture. 
Otterlo Congress – participants.
Some of the presentations and discussions that took place during the Otterlo Congress in 1959 are seen as the beginning of Structuralism in architecture and urbanism. These presentations had an international influence. In the book "CIAM '59 in Otterlo" the names of the 43 participating architects are listed. While the term structuralism in architecture was published for the first time in 1969.
L. Miquel, Alger / Aldo van Eyck, Amsterdam / José A. Coderch, Barcelona / Wendell Lovett, Bellevue-Washington / Werner Rausch, Berlin / W. van der Meeren, Bruxelles / Ch. Polonyi, Budapest / M. Siegler, Genf / P. Waltenspuhl, Genf / Hubert Hoffmann, Graz / Chr. Fahrenholz, Hamburg / Alison Smithson, London / Peter Smithson, London / Giancarlo de Carlo, Milan / Ignazio Gardella, Milan / Vico Magistretti, Milan / Ernesto Nathan Rogers, Milan / Blanche Lemco van Ginkel, Montreal / Sandy van Ginkel, Montreal / Callebout, Nieuport / Geir Grung, Oslo / A. Korsmo, Oslo / Georges Candilis, Paris / Alexis Josic, Paris / André Wogenscky, Paris / Shadrach Woods, Paris / Louis Kahn, Philadelphia / Viana de Lima, Porto / F. Tavora, Porto / Jacob B. Bakema, Rotterdam / Herman Haan, Rotterdam / J.M. Stokla, Rotterdam / John Voelcker, Staplehurst / Ralph Erskine, Stockholm / Kenzo Tange, Tokyo / T. Moe, Trondheim / Oskar Hansen, Warszawa / Zofia Hansen, Warszawa / Jerzy Soltan, Warszawa / Fred Freyler, Wien / Eduard F. Sekler, Wien / Radovan Niksic, Zagreb / Alfred Roth, Zurich
Definition of the structuralist form.
Since structuralism has different directions, there is more than one definition. The theoretical contribution by Herman Hertzberger belongs to the most interesting versions. A recent and often cited statement by Hertzberger is: "In Structuralism, one differentiates between a structure with a long life cycle and infills with shorter life cycles." 
A more detailed description by Hertzberger is published in 1973. It is a structuralist definition in a general sense, but also the basis concept for user participation: "The fact that we put 'form' in a central position with respect to such notions as 'space' or 'architecture', means in itself no more than a shifting of accent. What we are talking about is in fact another notion of form than that, which premises a formal and unchanging relationship between object and viewer, and maintains this. It is not an outward form wrapped around the object that matters to us, but form in the sense of inbuilt capacity and potential vehicle of significance. Form can be filled-in with significance, but can also be deprived of it again, depending on the use that's made of it, through the values we attach to, or add to it, or which we even deprive it of, - all this dependent on the way in which the users and the form react to, and play on each other. The case we want to put is, that it is this capacity to absorb, carry and convey significance that defines what form can bring about in the users - and conversely - what the users can bring about in the form. What matters is the interaction of form and users, what they convey to each other and bring about in each other, and how they mutually take possession of each other. What we have to aim for, is, to form the material (of the things we make) in such a way that - as well as answering to the function in the narrower sense - it will be suitable for more purposes. And thus, it will be able to play as many roles as possible in the service of the various, individual users, - so that everyone will then be able to react to it for himself, interpreting it in his own way, annexing it to his familiar environment, to which it will then make a contribution." p. 56
Compared to other directions of structuralism in architecture, the following clarifications are noted: "In the new architectural movement there is often a tendency to call everything Structuralist that resembles a woven texture and has a grid. This would be a superficial way of looking at things. By nature Structuralism is concerned with the configuration of conditioned and polyvalent units of form (spatial, communicational, constructional or other units) at all urban scales. Only when the users have taken possession of the structures through contact, interpretation or filling-in the details, do the structures achieve their full status. Any architecture that has a tendency to formalism is thus excluded. Flexible form, which has been much discussed, is also rejected as a neutral enclosing system, since it does not offer the appropriate solution for any spatial programme. In the architecture of Herman Hertzberger Structuralist form can be found from the smallest detail up to the most complicated structure, whether it is in terms of spatial, facade or environmental design." p. 56
The next quotation is a definition of structuralism in different fields. It also discusses the autonomy of the primary structure: "Many Structuralists would describe a structure roughly in the following terms: it is a complete set of relationships, in which the elements can change, but in such a way that these remain dependent on the whole and retain their meaning. The whole is independent of its relationship to the elements. The relationships between the elements are more important than the elements themselves. The elements are interchangeable, but not the relationships." p. 16
Theoretical origins, principles and aspects.
The principle Structure and Coincidence remains relevant until now, both for housing schemes and urban planning. For housing schemes the following images were influential: the perspective drawing of the project "Fort l'Empereur" in Algiers by Le Corbusier (1934) and the isometric drawing of the housing scheme "Diagoon" in Delft by Herman Hertzberger (1971). At city level, important projects were: the Tokyo Bay Plan of Kenzo Tange (1960) and the fascinating images of the model of the Free University of Berlin by Candilis Josic & Woods (1963). Also worth mentioning are the utopias of Metabolism, Archigram and Yona Friedman. In general, instruments for urban structuring are: traffic lines (e.g. gridiron plans), symmetries, squares, remarkable buildings, rivers, seashore, green areas, hills etc. This methods were also used in previous cities.
The principle Aesthetics of Number proved to be less useful for structuring an entire city. However, exemplary articulated configurations did arise, both in architecture and housing schemes. The first influential images for this direction Aldo van Eyck provided with aerial photos of his orphanage in Amsterdam (1960). Later he built another inspiring configuration for the Space Centre Estec in Noordwijk (1989). These two compositions can be counted among the most beautiful "icons" of structuralism.
Different types of structures.
Aesthetics of number.
The term "aesthetics of number" is introduced by Aldo van Eyck in the architectural magazine "Forum" 7/1959. In his article van Eyck showed two works of art: a structuralist painting by the contemporary artist Richard Paul Lohse and a Kuba textile (Bakuba tissue) by an African artist of the "primitive" culture. The combination of these two cultures has a symbolic meaning in the structuralist movement.
Structure and coincidence – two-components approach – participation.
In the 1960s the structuralists criticised the narrowness of the functional principle "Form Follows Function". In historic cities they found solutions for a new form principle: an interpretable, adaptable and expandable architecture, see below Historic Cities II. In the magazine "Forum" they developed ideas about "polyvalent form and individual interpretations", "reciprocity of form" and "participation". In our time the notion "open structures" is also used in discussions.
Urban structuring – The art of town planning – (Overarching structures).
Historic cities.
Examples of urban planning and urban structuring. About the relation between historic and contemporary architecture Le Corbusier wrote: "I was labelled a revolutionary, whereas my greatest teacher was the Past. My so-called revolutionary ideas are straight out of the history of architecture itself." Quotation in No.2. 
Historic cities – reciprocity of form.
In "Forum" 2/1962 Jacob Bakema made a study on the principle "reciprocity of form" and "participation", especially on the Diocletian's Palace in Split. In "Forum" 3/1962 Herman Hertzberger did research on the Roman amphitheatres in Arles and Lucca. Later, in 1966 the idea of the amphitheatre in Arles was taken over by Aldo Rossi in his book The Architecture of the City. In 1976 Reyner Banham presented the Ponte Vecchio in Florence as one of the historic prototypes in his book "Megastructure".
New cities.
New cities in the twentieth century. The term "Urban Structuring" is introduced by Alison and Peter Smithson, the term "Articulations" (of the built volume) by Herman Hertzberger. Both terms are used as a title of an architectural book.
Interrelationships between social and built structures (Team 10).
1) "De Drie Hoven" Residential Building for Elderly People in Amsterdam-Slotervaart by Herman Hertzberger, 1974. In the original state, the primary structure was light grey (prefabricated concrete) and the facade elements dark grey and matt (wood construction). Today, the original proportions and colors of the facade elements are changed by the intervention of an unknown architect. Herewith the fine architectural quality of the original building has disappeared. 
2) "Kasbah" Housing Estate in Hengelo by Piet Blom, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18411988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411988" title="WTRF-DT3">
WTRF-DT3

WTRF-DT3 is the ABC-affiliated television station for Wheeling, West Virginia and Steubenville, Ohio. It is a third digital subchannel of CBS affiliate WTRF-TV which is owned by West Virginia Media Holdings. Over-the-air, the station broadcasts a digital signal on VHF channel 7.3 from WTRF's transmitter located in Boydsville, Ohio. WTRF-DT3 is also offered on Comcast digital cable channel 205. The station is known on-air as ABC Ohio Valley. WTRF-DT3's parent station has studios on 16th Street in downtown Wheeling. Syndicated programming on the station includes: "Judge Joe Brown", "Judge Judy", "Family Feud", and "The Rachel Maddow Show". WTRF launched a new third digital subchannel with ABC programming on August 1, 2008. The station is carried as Comcast digital channel 205.
Previously, WTRF and WTOV-TV aired ABC programming in off-hours, but began phasing out ABC in the 1970s. WTRF dropped it entirely in the early 1980s, but WTOV continued to air a few ABC programs until 2000. However, WTAE-TV in Pittsburgh provided grade B coverage to most of the Wheeling / Steubenville market and was available in most area cable systems, while the far western part of the market could also get WSYX-TV in Columbus, Ohio and WYTV in Youngstown, Ohio. WTRF-DT3 simulcasts the weekday editions of "7 News" at 6 A.M., Noon, 6, and 11 P.M with separate on-screen branding to denote "ABC Ohio Valley". See the WTRF article for news personalities. As a result of Fox and MyNetworkTV airing on WTRF-DT2 and the recent launch of WTRF-DT3, the tiny Wheeling / Steubenville market no longer lacks any major network affiliate. For now, both WTAE and WYTV retain their analog cable carriage on local Comcast systems, with "ABC Ohio Valley" airing only on Comcast digital cable.

</doc>
<doc id="18411989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411989" title="Amir Mokri">
Amir Mokri

Amir M. Mokri (; born June 11, 1956) is an Iranian cinematographer known for his work on such films as "Man of Steel". 
Mokri was born in Iran and emigrated to the United States in 1977. He graduated from Emerson College and the American Film Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="18411991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18411991" title="1989 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1989 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1989 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1989年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1989 for the 1988 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1989 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18412000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412000" title="Casting at the World Games">
Casting at the World Games

Casting Sport was part of all World Games until 2005 except in 1989. It was then dropped as the International World Games Association wants the International Casting Sport Federation to come up with new and improved event formats. 

</doc>
<doc id="18412001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412001" title="Gibson (Kent cricketer)">
Gibson (Kent cricketer)

Gibson (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made two known appearances in first-class cricket matches during the 1780 season.
Career.
He played twice for Sir Horace Mann's XI and was mainly associated with Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="18412013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412013" title="1990 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1990 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1990 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1990年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1990 for the 1989 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1990 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18412017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412017" title="Eristalinae">
Eristalinae

Eristalinae (or Milesiinae) are one of the three subfamilies of the fly family Syrphidae, or hoverflies. A well-known species included in this subfamily is the dronefly, "Eristalis tenax".

</doc>
<doc id="18412020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412020" title="1st Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
1st Brigade Royal Field Artillery

I Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War.
It was composed of 13th, 67th and 69th Batteries, and on mobilisation in August 1914 was stationed at Edinburgh under Scottish Command. It was attached to 27th Infantry Division in October, when it was reformed to consist of 98th, 132nd and 133rd Batteries. In November, these were joined by 11th Battery from 15th Brigade, and in July 1916 133rd Battery was transferred to 129th Brigade and replaced with B/CXXIX (Howitzer) Battery, renamed D/I Battery. In December 1916, 98th Battery was disbanded, leaving a three-battery establishment.
It saw service with 27th Division throughout the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18412043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412043" title="Elliot Lake Transit">
Elliot Lake Transit

Elliot Lake Transit is a public transportation system, which provides daily service on an hourly basis with the exception of Sundays and statutory holidays, within the small isolated city of Elliot Lake in Northern Ontario, Canada
Regular scheduled service operates on four routes using two low-floor handicapped accessible buses, providing a once an hour trip on each route with a transfer point between routes at the Algo Centre Mall. Hours of operation are on Monday to Saturday from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm with extended service on Thursday and Friday evenings till 9:00 pm, and no Sunday or holiday service. Cash fare is $2.25 for adults and $2.00 for seniors and students, with 12 tickets costing $23.00 for everyone. Monthly passes are $60.00 for adults and $50.00 for seniors and students
For residents who are unable to board the regular transit buses, the city provides door to door service with the "Handilift" bus.
Routes.
Elliot Lake Transit has four routes:
The main hubs is Rexall at 151 Ontario Avenue; some transit materials erroneously refer to it as Eastwood Mall, after the mall's ownership company.
Service operates from Monday to Saturday with some limited services on Thursday and Friday. There is no service on Sunday or statutory holidays.
Fleet.
Current fleet consists of:
Regular transit buses are all low floor vehicles to accommodate customers not using HandiLift.
ELT retired buses:
During the early 1980s Elliot Lake Transit used school buses for their transit fleet.
Buses are stored and operated by AJ Bus Lines from their garage on Timber Road, but the vehicles are owned and maintained by the city.

</doc>
<doc id="18412044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412044" title="Karlovy Vary Award Winners 2008">
Karlovy Vary Award Winners 2008

The following are the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival Award Winners for 2008
Special Jury Mention.
and
Grand Jury.
Ivan Passer, president
Brenda Blethyn
Ari Folman 
Ted Hope
Jan P. Muchow 
Johanna ter Steege
Vilmos Zsigmond
East of the west - films in competition.
East of the West Award (US$10,000)
Award of International Film Critics (FIPRESCI).
The Karamazovs (Karamazovi) 
Dir. Petr Zelenka 
Czech Republic, Poland 2008 For translating Dostoevsky’s classic into an unconventional fusion of theater, cinema, literature and real life.
Europa Cinemas Label.
Bahrtalo! (Good Luck!) | Bahrtalo! (Jó szerencsét!) 
Dir. Róbert Lakatos 
Hungary, Austria, Germany 2008
Independent Camera.
- the Czech Television Award for the best film presented in the Forum of Independents

</doc>
<doc id="18412045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412045" title="List of graphic designers">
List of graphic designers

This is a list of graphic designers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18412047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412047" title="Conners Grove, Virginia">
Conners Grove, Virginia

Conners Grove is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412052" title="1991 Oregon Ducks football team">
1991 Oregon Ducks football team

The 1991 Oregon Ducks football team represented the University of Oregon during the 1991 NCAA Division I-A football season.

</doc>
<doc id="18412053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412053" title="Copper Hill, Virginia">
Copper Hill, Virginia

Copper Hill is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.
Copper Hill, VA is located southwest of Roanoke, VA. The small town can be reached in 20 minutes from Roanoke by either Route 221 or the scenic Blue Ridge Parkway. The appeal of the area is due to the combination of the proximity of Roanoke and the scenic area. Many people that live in the area can easily commute to Roanoke or the New River Valley for work and still enjoy living in a country setting.
20 minutes past Copper Hill is Floyd, VA. This scenic mountain village offers a range of restaurants and a private golf course called Great Oaks.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Copper Hill has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18412064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412064" title="Joseph Igersheimer">
Joseph Igersheimer

Joseph Igersheimer(1879–1965) was a German born ophthalmologist known for his work on arsphenamine for the treatment of syphilis.

</doc>
<doc id="18412067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412067" title="1991 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1991 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1991 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1991年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1991 for the 1990 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1991 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18412068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412068" title="Duncan, Virginia">
Duncan, Virginia

Duncan is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412073" title="American Publishers Association">
American Publishers Association

American Publishers Association(APA) was created in 1901 to maintain the price of copyright books in the American market. After a lawsuit in 1913, the American Publishers Association was disbanded.
In 1913, the New York Supreme court ruled in favor of R. H Macy's & Co. vs American Publishers Association, saying Macy's was entitled to damages of $140,000.
http://pds.lib.harvard.edu/pds/view/2573358?op=t&n=14788&s=4
Its founding members were Charles Scribner as President, Gen. A. C. McClurg and George Mifflin as Vice Presidents, George Platt Brett, Sr., of Macmillan Publishers (United States) as Secretary, and G. B. M. Harvey, of Harper Brothers, as treasurer.
References.
http://pds.lib.harvard.edu/pds/view/2573358?op=t&n=14788&s=4

</doc>
<doc id="18412076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412076" title="Haycock, Virginia">
Haycock, Virginia

Haycock is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412078" title="Hemlock, Virginia">
Hemlock, Virginia

Hemlock is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412083" title="Huffville, Virginia">
Huffville, Virginia

Huffville is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412086" title="Peter Meirs">
Peter Meirs

Peter Meirs is the Vice President of Production Technologies for Time Inc. and an affiliate of the MIT Media Lab.
He currently oversees digital magazines, emerging media technologies, the Time Inc. digital archive group (E-MaG), the Digital Development Group, the OMS Print group, Time Inc. paper and production information systems (TimeXchange) and production systems development. Peter is also a founding member of the PRISM XML standard working group and has responsibility for Time Inc.'s efforts with electronic insertion orders and the AdsML advertising specification.
Since joining Time Inc. in 1992, he has overseen its digital advertising and transmission systems, directed TIME Magazine Editorial Operations and managed Time Inc.'s conversion to a fully digital production workflow. Peter is a frequent speaker at industry events on the subject of digital publishing technologies.

</doc>
<doc id="18412090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412090" title="22nd Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
22nd Brigade Royal Field Artillery

XXII Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War.
It was composed of 104th, 105th and 106th Batteries, and on mobilisation in August 1914 was stationed in South Africa. It returned to the United Kingdom, and was attached to 7th Infantry Division in October. It saw service with 7th Division throughout the war.
35th (Howitzer) Battery joined the Brigade in July 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18412091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412091" title="Indian Valley, Virginia">
Indian Valley, Virginia

Indian Valley is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States. It was previously called Phillips, VA.

</doc>
<doc id="18412098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412098" title="Laurel Branch, Virginia">
Laurel Branch, Virginia

Laurel Branch is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412103" title="Mabry Mill, Virginia">
Mabry Mill, Virginia

Mabry Mill is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412104" title="Pizarro, Virginia">
Pizarro, Virginia

Pizarro is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412105" title="1992 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1992 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1992 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1992年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1992 for the 1991 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1992 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18412106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412106" title="Poff, Virginia">
Poff, Virginia

Poff is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412108" title="Shelors Mill, Virginia">
Shelors Mill, Virginia

Shelors Mill is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412113" title="Guernsey County Courthouse">
Guernsey County Courthouse

The Guernsey County Courthouse is located on U. S. Route 40 in Cambridge, Ohio. The property was listed on the National Register on 1973-07-16.
History.
Guernsey County was formed in 1810 and the county constructed its courthouse on Public Square in Cambridge. The courthouse was a Greek Revival style building with red brick facade. Two large double doors were located at the north and south ends and long rectangular windows with dark shutters lined the sides. A large spire stood eighty-seven feet tall with a cupola capped by a weathervane shaped like a fish. This courthouse lasted for seventy more years.
Need for a second courthouse became apparent as the county grew in population. The city of Cambridge contracted Joseph W. Yost to design and build the new courthouse. Yost designed the courthouse in the popular Second Empire style. During this time, Old Washington petitioned to be granted the county seat claiming that they were more central. This petition failed and the foundation to the second courthouse was laid in 1881, with the cornerstone bearing the date August 4, 1881. The building was dedicated on 1883-09-11.
Exterior.
The exterior is of fine sandstone block with a hipped roof and mansard-roofed towers. Stairs lead to main entrance and is covered by a small balcony. A statue of Justice stands in the broken pediment on the southern face, below the statue is a fan shaped stone bearing the date 1881. A central tower rises from the center of the building and houses a four faced clock and consists of louvered arch openings.
The courthouse is surrounded by various memorials to soldiers from the county in the American Civil War, World War I, World War II, Korean War, Vietnam War, and Operation Desert Storm. The most prominent is the Civil War Monument.

</doc>
<doc id="18412114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412114" title="Simpsons, Virginia">
Simpsons, Virginia

Simpsons is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412119" title="Smart, Virginia">
Smart, Virginia

Smart is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412120" title="Sowers, Virginia">
Sowers, Virginia

Sowers is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412126" title="Patrick Ibanda">
Patrick Ibanda

Patrick Guillaume Ibanda (born September 5, 1978) is a Cameroonian football player, currently playing in Ukraine for FC Feniks-Illichovets Kalinine.

</doc>
<doc id="18412131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412131" title="Terrys Fork, Virginia">
Terrys Fork, Virginia

Terrys Fork is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412137" title="Tindall, Virginia">
Tindall, Virginia

Tindall is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412140" title="Union, Virginia">
Union, Virginia

Union is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412145" title="Wangle Junction, Virginia">
Wangle Junction, Virginia

Wangle Junction is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18412180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412180" title="Ashot Nadanian">
Ashot Nadanian

Ashot Nadanian (sometimes transliterated as Nadanyan; ; ; born September 19, 1972) is an Armenian chess International Master (1997), chess theoretician and chess coach.
His highest achievements have been in opening theory and coaching. Two opening variations are named after him: the Nadanian Variation in the Grünfeld Defence and the Nadanian Attack in the Queen's Pawn Opening. He began coaching at the age of 22 and has brought up three grandmasters. He has coached the national teams of Kuwait and Singapore and was awarded the titles Honoured Coach of Armenia in 1998 and FIDE Trainer in 2007. Since 2011, he has been a permanent second of Levon Aronian.
Although a strong player who competed in the 1996 Chess Olympiad and narrowly failed to qualify for the 1999 FIDE World Chess Championship, he has never fulfilled his potential. According to Valery Chekhov, Nadanian "possesses enormous chess potential, but he was not able to find enough time to work professionally on his chess." Levon Aronian said that due to the situation in Armenia, Nadanian "was not able to display even one-tenth of his playing talent."
Due to his imaginative attacking style, Nadanian has been described as a "brilliant eccentric", the "Armenian Tal" and "Kasparov's half-brother". The sixth chapter of Tibor Karolyi's 2009 book "Genius in the Background" is devoted to Nadanian.
Early years.
Nadanian was born on 19 September 1972 in Baku, Azerbaijan SSR, which then was part of the Soviet Union, to Sergei and Irina, both hairdressers. He was taught to play chess by his father when he was seven. His early coach was Rafael Sarkisov, who took him on as a pupil at Spartak in Baku. In his article "The Voiceless Old Man" Nadanian recollects, that when he was nine or ten there were almost no chess tournaments in which young players could play with seniors and therefore he often went to the park near his house to play chess with older chess lovers. He remembers that in one of these park-battles he played against a mysterious, silent stranger who turned out to be the highly respected chess champion Vladimir Makogonov. In 1986 and 1987 Nadanian won the under-sixteen Azerbaijani championship. With the beginning of the Nagorno-Karabakh War in 1988, his family was forced to leave Baku and flee to Armenia.
Chess career.
Nadanian played in the Soviet Union Junior Chess Championships of 1987, 1988 and 1989, in the Armenian Chess Championships of 1997, 1998 and 1999 (7th–8th places), in the 32nd Chess Olympiad in Yerevan 1996, in the 13th European Chess Club Cup 1997, in the Zonal tournament in Panormo 1998, where he shared 7th–11th places out of 72 participants, in the first European Individual Chess Championship in Saint-Vincent 2000 and in the FIDE World Rapid and Blitz Championships 2013 in Khanty-Mansiysk.
His other performances:
Playing strength and style.
Nadanian reached his best Elo rating in July 1997 with 2475 Elo points. His best single performance was at Moscow Aeroflot Open, 2002, where he scored five of nine possible points (56%), exceeding his first grandmaster norm by half a point. His second norm came at Moscow 2004, where he scored eight points out of eleven with a performance rating of 2630.
Nadanian has an imaginative and adventurous style of playing, and even his mistakes, according to Tibor Karolyi, "contain elements of creativity". He likes to create fresh, atypical positions straight from the opening, often employing bizarre maneuvers to achieve his goals. Uncommon chess openings have always been a part of his repertoire (e.g. Sokolsky Opening, Budapest Gambit).
"Kingpin" magazine called him "a brilliant eccentric". Tibor Karolyi devoted a chapter to him in his 2009 book "Genius in the Background" and jokingly called him "Kasparov's Half-Brother", as Kasparov and Nadanian were both coached by Alexander Shakarov, and there were similarities in their playing styles. In particular, Karolyi emphasizes their ability to implement effective ideas on the edge of the board, attributing this to the influence of their common chess "father". As an example of flank pawn advances versus a solid centre, John L. Watson in his 2003 book "Chess Strategy in Action" brings attention to the game Nadanian – Ponomariov, Kiev 1997 and calls it "almost satire on rule-breaking", as nine of White's first thirteen moves have been pawn moves and only one of those has been with a central pawn, yet Black's position was extremely difficult.
The 2005 World Cup winner Levon Aronian said of Nadanian: "His passion for beauty, his devotion to the romantic chess school has always been inspiring." Grandmaster Valery Chekhov noted that "along with his positive qualities like very subtle understanding of dynamic positions, very good sense of initiative and quick thinking, Ashot’s play has a few negative facets like weak opening repertoire, bad defence, and the psychological element of the game as well."
Chess theoretician.
Nadanian has contributions to opening theory, with two variations named after him: the Nadanian Variation in the Grünfeld Defence (after the moves 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 g6 3.Nc3 d5 4.cxd5 Nxd5 5.Na4) and the Nadanian Attack in the Queen's Pawn Opening (after the moves 1.d4 Nf6 2.Nf3 h6 3.c4 g5). The first variation has been used by many strong GMs such as Viktor Korchnoi, Bu Xiangzhi, Walter Browne, Smbat Lputian, Jonathan Rowson, Andrei Kharlov, Bogdan Lalić, Igor Lysyj, while the second has never enjoyed popularity among top-flight players.
Described by John Donaldson as "the ever inventive creator of novelties", he has made a number of other notable innovations, including:
Nadanian has contributed analysis to many chess publications throughout the world including the "Chess Informant", "New In Chess Yearbook", "64", "Kaissiber" and "Szachy Chess". He is a columnist for the Chessville.com website and has also written for ChessBase and the Armenian Chess Academy website.
Chess coach and second.
After Nadanian graduated from the Armenian State Institute of Physical Culture in 1994, he became a chess trainer. At 26 he became the youngest Honoured Coach of Armenia. Among his students are Grandmasters Gabriel Sargissian, Varuzhan Akobian and Davit G. Petrosian. He has also occasionally helped GM Tigran L. Petrosian.
From December 1999 until August 2001, Nadanian worked as the National Team Coach of Kuwait. Between 2005 and 2010, he was the National Coach of Singapore Men's Team. In 2007, he was awarded the title of FIDE Trainer.
At the "Full English Breakfast" website (thefeb.com, podcast #7 Part 1), Levon Aronian refers to Nadanian as his friend and second. Unable to accompany Aronian to the 2011 Wijk aan Zee tournament, they maintained daily contact online.
During the entire month of February 2011, Nadanian, together with a team of five grandmasters—Wang Hao, Movsesian, Sargissian, Pashikian and Melkumyan—held training camp in Tsaghkadzor, helping Aronian to prepare for the Candidates Tournament of the World Chess Championship 2012 cycle. At the 2011 Crestbook KC-Conference Aronian noted: "Lots of players are involved in my team, but Ashot Nadanian is absolutely irreplaceable. Besides the work he does himself he manages the whole process, while also planning training sessions."
During the Tata Steel Chess Tournament 2012 in Wijk aan Zee Aronian referred to Nadanian as his permanent assistant.
Nadanian once said in an interview that one of the joyful events of his life was the ending of the Turin Olympiad in 2006, when his student Sargissian became Olympic champion with the Armenian team and his other student Akobian won bronze with the U.S. team. At the next Olympiad in Dresden the story repeated itself: Sargissian won team gold medal and Akobian won team bronze.
Personal life.
Other chess activities and hobbies.
One of Nadanian's hobbies along with reading, watching classical piano performances and writing aphorisms is chess composition. His first puzzle appeared in 1986 and since that time he has composed about fifty studies and puzzles, of which he considers only ten or twelve to be good. He is particularly attracted by the problems, where in a final position White wins with a king and knights only. Whilst two knights cannot force checkmate against a lone king, they can do so in some exceptional cases when the defender has pawns or other pieces. This idea is most clearly embodied in the highly original Nadanian's problem with seven knights (see diagram). In December 2009, ChessBase published three of Nadanian's puzzles on "knights theme", calling him "a hippophile chess composer".
A chess book collector, Nadanian has a private library of more than a thousand volumes.
He also plays correspondence chess.
Family.
Nadanian lives in Yerevan. He married Evelina Zakharian since 1999, and they have a daughter Kiti (born 2004 in Moscow) and a son Vigen (born 2010 in Singapore). When asked in an interview whether being a father negatively affects his chess career, Nadanian replied, "I do not know, but even if that would be true, I'll never be sorry. Kiti and Vigen are more important to me than all my chess achievements put together."
Relationships.
In the same interview Nadanian said that he has "perfect relations with virtually all Armenian top players", stressing that the closest are Levon Aronian, Gabriel Sargissian, Ara Minasian, Varuzhan Akobian and Andranik Matikozian. Nadanian also said that during the Linares Open of 1998 his friend Levon Aronian joked that Nadanian ate cat food. When in 2004 Nadanian named his daughter Kiti, Aronian replied, "See? I told you that it was 'Whiskas'!"
Notable games.
Nadanian–Sakaev, ICC 2001.
The game was played between Nadanian (White) and the former Russian champion, Konstantin Sakaev (Black) on the Internet Chess Club server in 2001. It was annotated by Tibor Karolyi in his "Genius in the Background" book (2009) and by Lubomir Kavalek in "The Washington Post" on January 4, 2010:
1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 g6 3.Nc3 d5 4.cxd5 Nxd5 5.Na4 The Nadanian Variation. White preventing c7–c5 and threatening 6.e4. 5...Bg7 6.e4 Nb6 7.Be3 0-0 8.Nf3 f5 This weakens the kingside. 9.exf5 gxf5 10.Nxb6 axb6 11.Bc4+ Kh8 Yet another mistake; 11...e6 is correct. 12.Ng5 Opens the diagonal for the queen to reach the h-file. 12...Qe8 13.Bf7 Kavalek writes, "A shocking deflection allowing the white queen to join the attack." 13...Rxf7 14.Qh5 Kg8 After 14...Bf6 15.Nxf7+ Kg7 16.Qh6+! Kxf7 17.Qh5+ Kf8 18.Bh6+ White wins. 15.Qxh7+ Kf8 16.Ne6+!! Karolyi writes, "This is a truly ferocious shot". 16...Bxe6 17.Bh6! Black has no defense against 18.Qh8 checkmate. 1–0
Karolyi proclaims, "A particularly striking example to showcase Ashot's brilliant attacking play."
Wu Shaobin–Nadanian, Singapore 2006.
The following game was played between the former member of China's Olympiad team GM Wu Shaobin (White) and Nadanian (Black) at Singapore 2006:
1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e5 3.dxe5 Ng4 4.Nf3 Bc5 5.e3 Nc6 6.Be2 Ncxe5 7.Nxe5 Nxe5 8.0-0 0-0 9.b3 Re8 10.Bb2 a5 Well-known plan in this position, introduced by the IM Dolfi Drimer in 1968, with which Black develops the a8 rook along the sixth rank using the Ra8–a6–h6 manoeuvre. Nadanian calls the pawn advance a7–a5 "the soul of the Budapest Gambit". 11.Nc3 Ra6 12.Ne4 Ba7 13.Ng3 Qh4 14.Nf5 Qg5 This was a new move. Before had been played 14...Qe4. 15.Nd4 Rg6 16.g3 d5?! 18...Qh6 was stronger. 17.cxd5? White should have played 17.Nb5! 17...Bh3! 18.Re1 Ng4 19.Nf3 Qxe3! Karolyi writes, "This shows Kasparov-like aggression and ingenuity." 20.Bd4 Qxf2+!! 21.Bxf2 Bxf2+ 22.Kh1 Bb6 23.Qb1? White should have defended with 23.Rf1! After 23...Ne3 24.Qd3 Bg2+ 25.Kg1 Bh3 White can either repeat moves with 26.Kh1, or try 26.Nd4. 23...Nf2+ 24.Kg1 Rf6! Black has time to increase the pressure. 25.b4! If 25.Qc2?, then 25...Ng4+ 26.Kh1 Bg2+! winning the queen. 25...a4! But not 25...Rxf3? 26.bxa5 26.Ng5 Ng4+! 27.Kh1 Bg2+!! "This is a marvellous move, and it must have been such a thrill to play it on the board." (Karolyi). 28.Kxg2 Rf2+ 29.Kh3 Rxh2+ 30.Kxg4 h5+ 31.Kf4 Be3+ 0–1

</doc>
<doc id="18412206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412206" title="Fredo Viola">
Fredo Viola

Fredo Viola is an American singer/songwriter and multi-media artist. He was born in London, England, but has resided in the United States for most of his life. He currently lives in Woodstock, N.Y. He graduated from Tisch School of the Arts at NYU, but has always been most passionate about music. Viola lists some influential artists, such as Shostakovich, Britten, Bartók, Stravinsky and Belle & Sebastian.
Career.
He had an internet hit on YouTube with "The Sad Song" in 2004. In 2007, he signed with French label Because Music. He released his debut album on December 2008.
In late 2007, Fredo devoted his attention to a long series of live to Digital Performances he called "cluster videos", by releasing one video each month on his website.
In late 2008, working in collaboration with the Spanish agency Aer studio, he released an interactive web site called The Turn, a web site that also serves the function of displaying his new interactive videos. The videos come in unusual shapes (circular, hexagonal) as well as widescreen rectangles, and can be turned during playback.
Other notes.
In 2004, "Let the Sad Out" was licensed for use in Jonathan Demme’s film "The Manchurian Candidate".
In 2005, Viola had four songs licensed for use in Mike Binder's film "Man About Town", for which he produced a second version of his "Sad Song" video.
"The Sad Song" was used on season four of "The O.C": "The Shake Up", "The Night Moves" and in season 5 of "" in the episode "". Additionally, the song is played at the beginning and at the end of the movie "The Education of Charlie Banks". Most recently, "The Sad Song" was used in the 2008 film "Birds of America".

</doc>
<doc id="18412207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412207" title="2008 Austrian Open (tennis)">
2008 Austrian Open (tennis)

The 2008 Austrian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 38th edition of the Austrian Open, and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the Kitzbühel Sportpark Tennis Stadium in Kitzbühel, Austria, from July 14 through July 20, 2008.
The singles field featured Bergamo Challenger winner and Hamburg Masters semifinalist Andreas Seppi, Houston and Munich doubles champion and Wimbledon semifinalist Rainer Schüttler, and Prostějov Challenger titlist and Stuttgart semifinalist Agustín Calleri. Other seeds were 2007 Kitzbühel singles runner-up and doubles champion Potito Starace, Stuttgart semifinalist Eduardo Schwank, Jürgen Melzer, Juan Martín del Potro and Olivier Rochus.

</doc>
<doc id="18412209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412209" title="Rochat">
Rochat

Rochat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18412214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412214" title="Acanthomintha obovata">
Acanthomintha obovata

Acanthomintha obovata is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name San Benito thornmint. It is endemic to California, where it grows in the woodland and chaparral of the coastal mountain ranges in the central part of the state. 
This is a small annual herb growing up to about 25 centimeters in maximum height. The leaves are about a centimeter long, oval-shaped, and toothed, and those on the upper part of the plant are spiny along the edges. 
The inflorescence is enfolded in shiny, light-colored bracts with long spines along their margins. The flowers are purple-tipped white and up to nearly 3 centimeters long. They are coated in glandular hairs and their lobes are folded over at the lips.
Typical habitat is clay (typically vertic) soils in grasslands. 

</doc>
<doc id="18412217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412217" title="St Martin Vintry">
St Martin Vintry

St Martin Vintry was a parish church in the Vintry ward of the City of London, England. It was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and never rebuilt.
History.
The church stood at what is now the junction of Queen Street and Upper Thames Street just north of Southwark Bridge. It was rebuilt in 1306, the choir at the cost of Queen Margaret. The Vintners Company had an Altar in the church dedicated to St. Martin, who was their patron saint. 
St Martin Vintry was one of 86 parish churches destroyed in the Great Fire of London. In 1670, a Rebuilding Act was passed and a committee set up under the stewardship of Sir Christopher Wren to decide which would be rebuilt. Fifty-one were chosen, but St Martin Vintry was not among them. Instead its parish was united with that of St Michael Paternoster Royal.

</doc>
<doc id="18412218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412218" title="Benjamin Elbel">
Benjamin Elbel

Benjamin Elbel (1690 – 1756) was a German Franciscan moral theologian.
Elbel was born at Friedberg, Bavaria. He belonged to the Strasburg Franciscan province, was lector of theology, and held high positions in the order. He died at Söflingen.
Works.
His major work, "Theologia moralis decalogalis et sacramentalis" (Venice, 1731), passed rapidly through several editions. A new edition was prepared by Irenaeus Bierbaum, O.F.M., under the title "Theologia moralis per modum conferentiarum auctore clarissime P. Benjamin Elbel..." (3 vols., Paderborn, 1891–92). 
Elbel advocated probabilism. He applied abstract principles to strikingly practical cases, and his approach proved influential.

</doc>
<doc id="18412225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412225" title="Wildwood, Roanoke, Virginia">
Wildwood, Roanoke, Virginia

Wildwood is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in eastern Roanoke, along U.S.460 (Orange Avenue). It borders the neighborhoods of Hollins on the west, Mecca Gardens on the east, Eastgate on the north and the town of Vinton to the south. Originally included as part of Roanoke County, Wildwood was annexed by the city in 1976. Predominately rural prior to its annexation, growth within the neighborhood has been suburban in nature since the 1970s with significant commercial development located along its Orange Avenue frontage.

</doc>
<doc id="18412236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412236" title="1990 Oregon Ducks football team">
1990 Oregon Ducks football team

The 1990 Oregon Ducks football team represented the University of Oregon. The Ducks scored 341 points while the defense allowed 221 points. Led by head coach Rich Brooks, the Ducks competed in the . 
Team Players in the NFL.
The following players were claimed in the 1991 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="18412237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412237" title="Lindsay Transit">
Lindsay Transit

Lindsay Transit provides bus service to the community of Lindsay, the main population centre in the City of Kawartha Lakes in east-central Ontario, Canada.
There are three routes, Red, Green, and Blue, which operate Monday to Saturday between 7:00 am and 7:00 pm, with no Sunday service. Like many small systems the buses run on one way loops to maximize coverage of the service area using the minimum of resources and meet at a downtown terminus. The buses are garaged at the City Works Depot at 89 St. David Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18412240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412240" title="Louis Armstrong Meets Oscar Peterson">
Louis Armstrong Meets Oscar Peterson

Louis Armstrong Meets Oscar Peterson is a 1957 studio album by Louis Armstrong, accompanied by Oscar Peterson.
The album was reissued in 1997 on CD with four bonus tracks, recorded at the sessions that produced "Ella and Louis Again".

</doc>
<doc id="18412242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412242" title="The Fog Band">
The Fog Band

The Fog Band were a garage punk/indie rock act from Bath, England that existed between 2000 and 2006 and were fronted by Bobby Grindrod. Originally instrumental, the band's lead guitarist (Oli Daltrey – son of Peter Daltrey, lead singer of 1960s psychedelic band, Kaleidoscope) persuaded Grindrod (a student at Bath School of Art and Design) to be their vocalist after being intrigued by his unusual appearance. Although somewhat reluctant, Grindrod agreed after a period of intense insistence. He later claimed that: 
"I only joined to stop Oli pestering me, but when we found ourselves supporting the likes of The Futureheads, Art Brut, The Buff Medways, The Dirtbombs, Neil's Children and The 5.6.7.8's, I realised that I'd definitely need more ties".
Although Grindrod was lead singer, one BBC review suggested that he was "clearly the monkey to lead guitarist Olly ("sic") Daltrey's organ grinder". However a rare and fascinating union had resulted between the two that capitalised on Daltrey's songwriting prowess and Grindrod's unique persona and vocal style.
Initially, Grindrod's vocal approach was heavily influenced by 1960s Rhythm and blues but as the band progressed he began to experiment with a 'cleaner' sound. Daltrey began to accommodate this development in later songs like 'The Cummerbund Years' and an exciting future beckoned. For the most part, however, the music was heavily indebted to 1960s soul, beat music, garage rock and proto-punk bands like the MC5 and The Stooges as well as new wave. The band's growing reputation and cult following was due in equal parts to Grindrod's ultra sharp mod appearance and charisma, their tight instrumentation, memorable songs and energetic live performances. Live favourites included a rousing, souped-up cover of Nancy Sinatra's "These Boots Are Made For Walking". See: http://www.gigger.co.uk/gigs/145
The attention of local indie record label Purr Records was attracted and the band released their first (and only) EP "The Law of The Sea" in 2005. This received widespread critical acclaim in the underground music press with "Artrocker" magazine calling it "excellent jerky new wavery from Bath's finest" and "Rolling Stone" awarding it four and a half stars out of five. One of the tracks included was a cover of R. Dean Taylor's 1967 Motown hit "There's A Ghost In My House", that celebrated their soul and garage rock influences. The EP's title track referenced songs by Ray Charles and John Lee Hooker.
Although they garnered critical acclaim and were tipped to cross into the public consciousness from their underground following, the band inexplicably ground to a halt in early 2006. Grindrod has since gone on to front Friends of The Bride, while Daltrey still writes and performs with his lo-fi outfit, Gentlemen's Relish (featuring ex-Fog Band drummer, Gary Martin, on bass).

</doc>
<doc id="18412248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412248" title="Dyskolos Kairos Gia Pringipes">
Dyskolos Kairos Gia Pringipes

Dyskolos Keros Ya Pringipes (Greek: "Δύσκολος Καιρός Για Πρίγκιπες"; ) is the name of the debut album of the Greek musical group Onirama. The album was released on December 07, 2005 by Lyra Records. 
Singles.
"O Horos (Klise Ta Matia)"
"Mia Mera Tha 'Rtheis"

</doc>
<doc id="18412249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412249" title="Bohdan Stupka">
Bohdan Stupka

Bohdan Sylvestrovych Stupka (; August 27, 1941 – July 22, 2012) was a popular Ukrainian actor and the minister of culture of Ukraine. He was born in Kulików, Poland. In 2001 he was a member of the jury at the 23rd Moscow International Film Festival. At the 26th Moscow International Film Festival he won the award for Best Actor for his role in "Our Own".
Stupka was recognized as the most famous living Ukrainian actor. He has played more than a hundred roles in films and over fifty in theaters. Stupka has been awarded the title "Artist of Ukraine" and "People's Artist of the USSR". Hero of Ukraine (The Order of the State) (2011).
His son Ostap Stupka is also an actor.

</doc>
<doc id="18412253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412253" title="David Wilkie (surgeon)">
David Wilkie (surgeon)

Sir David Wilkie (1882–1938) was among the first of the new breed of professors of surgery appointed at a relatively young age to develop surgical research and undergraduate teaching. At the University of Edinburgh, he established a surgical research laboratory from which was to emerge a cohort of young surgical researchers destined to become the largest dynasty of surgical professors yet seen in the British Isles. He is widely regarded as the father of British academic surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="18412265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412265" title="I've Gotta Be Me">
I've Gotta Be Me

"I've Gotta Be Me" is a popular song that appeared in the Broadway musical "Golden Rainbow", which starred Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gormé. The musical opened in New York City at the Shubert Theatre on February 4, 1968, and closed less than a year later, on January 11, 1969. The music and lyrics for the musical were by Walter Marks and were composed in 1967; the production was based on a book by Ernest Kinoy. This song was listed in the musical as "I've Got to Be Me", and it was sung by Lawrence's character Larry Davis at the end of the first act. Lawrence released the song as a single in 1967, and the following year it hit number six on the "Billboard" Easy Listening chart, with little or no support from traditional Top 40 radio.
Singer Sammy Davis, Jr. recorded the song in 1968 while the musical was still running on Broadway, altering the title slightly to "I've Gotta Be Me", and released it as a single late in the year. This version of the song was a surprise hit for Davis, since the musical was not among the more successful shows on Broadway that season. Produced by Jimmy Bowen, Davis' cover of the song peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in early 1969 and remained in the Top 40 for 11 weeks. This is Davis' third highest charting single on the Hot 100 in his career; "Something's Gotta Give" had reached number nine in 1955, while "The Candy Man" hit #1 in 1972. In addition, the song spent seven weeks at number one on the Easy Listening chart. The song appears on Davis' 1968 album, which was also titled "I've Gotta Be Me".
Other artists who have recorded or performed "I've Gotta Be Me" include Ella Fitzgerald, Michael Jackson, Della Reese, Alvin and the Chipmunks, Stevie Wonder, Tony Bennett, Cory Monteith as his "Glee" character Finn Hudson, and The Temptations.
The song has been featured in at least two soft drink advertising campaigns. It was performed by Welsh pop singer Duffy while riding a bicycle in European television advertisements for Diet Coke beginning in February 2009. The 60" commercial was first aired in the end break of the 2009 BRIT Awards on February 18. A version by Ryan Tedder was used by Dr Pepper in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18412286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412286" title="Gate Tower Building">
Gate Tower Building

Overview.
The building has a double core construction, with a circular cross section. The Umeda Exit of the Ikeda Route of the Hanshin Expressway system (when exiting the highway from the direction of Ikeda) passes between the fifth and seventh floors of this building. The highway is the tenant of those floors. The elevator passes through the floors without stopping: floor 4 being followed by floor 8. The floors through which the highway passes consist of elevators, stairways and machinery. The highway does not make contact with the building. It passes through as a bridge, held up by supports next to the building. The highway is surrounded by a structure to protect the building from noise and vibration. The roof has a helipad.
History.
A wood and charcoal business held the property rights for this plot of land since the early Meiji period, but the gradual move to other sources of fuel resulted in the deterioration of those company buildings. In 1983, redevelopment of the area was approved, but building permits were refused because the highway was already being planned. The property rights' holders refused to give up, and negotiated with the Hanshin Expressway corporation for approximately five years to reach the current solution.
Although normally highway corporations purchase the land they build a highway on or over, it is not guaranteed to succeed and therefore issues like this can arise.
For that reason, the highway laws, city planning laws, city redevelopment laws and building codes were partly revised in 1989 to permit a so-called that allows the unified development of highways and buildings in the same space. This system was originally designed to facilitate the construction of the second Ring Road in the vicinity of Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo, but in the end was not applied there. Instead, the system was put into effect in the construction of the Gate Tower Building, becoming Japan's first building to have a highway pass through it. Normally, highways are still built underground in these cases, and passing through a building is an extremely rare occurrence.

</doc>
<doc id="18412288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412288" title="Lac de Chambly">
Lac de Chambly

Lac de Chambly is a lake in the Jura department of France.

</doc>
<doc id="18412289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412289" title="St. John's Church of England Primary School, Roundhay">
St. John's Church of England Primary School, Roundhay

St John's School is a Church of England Voluntary Aided School, situated in the north Leeds suburb of Roundhay, West Yorkshire, England.
Roundhay St. John’s Church of England Aided School was founded in 1837 and is the oldest school in the City of Leeds. It has links with St John’s Parish Church and Roundhay Methodist Church. Until 1992 it was housed in a small Victorian building on Wetherby Road, between almshouses and adjacent to St John’s Church. 

</doc>
<doc id="18412302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412302" title="2008 Austrian Open – Singles">
2008 Austrian Open – Singles

Juan Mónaco was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Juan Martín del Potro won in the final 6–2, 6–1, against Jürgen Melzer.

</doc>
<doc id="18412304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412304" title="Port Hope Transit">
Port Hope Transit

Port Hope Transit is the local bus service provider in the Municipality of Port Hope, Ontario, which is located on the north shore of Lake Ontario about east of Toronto. With a population of only 16,390 people in 2006, this is one of the few smaller communities in the province with a fully funded public transit system.
Two regular routes serve the community with an additional inter-municipal shuttle service to Northumberland Mall and Northumberland Hills Hospital in Cobourg, which connects with the Cobourg Transit system. Hours of operation are Monday to Friday from 6:00 am to 10:00 pm and on Saturday from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm, with no service on Sundays or holidays. The cash fare is $2.00 for adults and $1.50 for seniors or children younger than 18, with preschoolers riding for free. A 30-day pass costs $50 for adults and $30 for students and seniors.
Transfers to and from Cobourg Transit can be made for $1.00.

</doc>
<doc id="18412306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412306" title="Eastgate, Roanoke, Virginia">
Eastgate, Roanoke, Virginia

Eastgate is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in eastern Roanoke, along the eastern bank of Tinker Creek. It borders the neighborhoods of Hollins on the west, Monterey on the north, Mecca Gardens and Wildwood on the southeast and Roanoke County to the northeast. Originally included as part of Roanoke County, Wildwood was annexed by the city in 1976. Predominately rural prior to its annexation, growth within the neighborhood has been suburban in nature since the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18412314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412314" title="Lac de l'Abbaye">
Lac de l'Abbaye

Lac de l'Abbaye is a lake at Grande-Rivière, in the Jura department of France. Its surface area is 3.25 km².
The lake is also known as "Lac de Grandvaux" or "Lac de la Grande Rivière".

</doc>
<doc id="18412316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412316" title="United States elections, 1948">
United States elections, 1948

The 1948 United States general election was held on November 2. Harry S Truman was elected to his first full term as president. 
Meanwhile, the G.O.P., who had just won both the House and the Senate two years earlier, seceded control to the Democrats.
President.
In what is considered by most historians as the greatest election upset in American history, Harry S Truman defeated Republican Thomas E. Dewey. Going into Election Day, virtually every prediction (with or without public opinion polls) indicated that Truman would lose. He also won overcoming a three-way split in his own party.
United States Senate.
The Democrats gained nine seats in the Senate, enough to give them control of the chamber over the Republicans. Truman had campaigned against an "obstructionist" Congress that had blocked many of his initiatives, and in addition the U.S. economy recovered from the postwar recession of 1946-1947 by election day.
United States House of Representatives.
As in the Senate, Truman's "obstructionist" message gave the Democrats a net gain of 75 seats in the House, giving them control of the chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="18412322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412322" title="Frederic J. Mouat">
Frederic J. Mouat

Frederic John Mouat (18 May 1816–12 Jan 1897) was a British surgeon.
He was born in Maidstone, Kent, the son of an army surgeon, and trained at University College London and Edinburgh University, qualifying as a Member of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1838. He entered the Indian Medical Service and was posted Assistant-Surgeon in Bengal in 1840. In 1853 he became Surgeon, in 1860 Surgeon-Major and ultimately Deputy Inspector-General of Hospitals. He was also Professor of Medicine in the Bengal Medical College. He spent 30 years in India, where he was a leading figure in the field of education, in which he was a major campaigner to establish the first universities in India and prison reform, including holding the post of Inspector-General of Gaols in lower Bengal. In 1857, during the Indian Mutiny, he was asked to investigate the Andaman Islands as a potential penal colony. He subsequently published a book about his Andaman experiences: "Adventures and researches among the Andaman islanders" (1863) 
He retired to the UK in 1870 and started a new career as an Inspector for the Local Government Board. He was also an active member of the Royal Statistical Society, becoming its President in 1890.
He died in 1897 and was cremated at Woking. He left a widow and four stepchildren. He married twice, first in 1842 to Mary Rennards Boyce and secondly in 1889 to Margaret Kay, daughter of John Fawcus.

</doc>
<doc id="18412327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412327" title="Patritius Sporer">
Patritius Sporer

Patritius Sporer (died 29 May 1683) was a German Franciscan moral theologian.
Sporer was born and died at Passau, Bavaria. In 1637 he entered the Order of Friars Minor in the convent of his native town, which then belonged to the religious Province of Strasburg. He taught theology for many years, obtained the title of Lector jubilatus, and was also the theologian of the Bishop of Passau. 
Works.
Sporer is the author of several works:
Some editions have additional notes by K. Kazenberger and Ch. Mayr, two Franciscan moralists. An edition with supplements was produced by Irenæus Bierbaum, O. F. M. (3 vols. 8vo, Paderborn, 1897–1901; 2nd ed., 1901-5).
Alphonsus Liguori often quotes him and Lehmkuhl numbers him amongst the classical authors of moral theology. 
For his moral system he follows Probabilism. In questions at issue between Thomas Aquinas and Duns Scotus he defends and follows the latter, as for instance in the question of indifferent human actions. Very often Sporer draws on his own experience as spiritual director.

</doc>
<doc id="18412330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412330" title="Riordan">
Riordan

Riordan is a surname of Irish origin; "Rearden" is a variant of it. It may refer to:
"The Riordans" was a soap opera that ran on Radio Telefís Éireann (Irish television) during the 1960s and 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18412331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412331" title="O'Riordan">
O'Riordan

O’Riordan is a surname of Irish origin. 
Famous people with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18412344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412344" title="The Long Journey Home">
The Long Journey Home

The Long Journey Home was a ceremonial event held at the main campus of the University of Washington on May 18, 2008, commemorating the Japanese American students who, due to the passage of Executive Order 9066 in 1942, were forced to leave the school and live in internment camps in the western United States. For nearly seventy years, many Japanese Americans were unable to return to the university to complete their education. Some attended at other universities, while others were forced to end their college career early because of financial reasons. In order to recognize the Japanese American students affected by the government's decision, the University of Washington carried out a ceremony "to honor the students and to educate current and future generations about the grievous national tragedy" by incorporating guest speakers and video memoirs while the students honored at the days ceremony were given honorary degrees from the University of Washington.
Description.
The Long Journey Home was held at the main campus of the University of Washington inside rooms 120 and 130 of Kane Hall. The ceremony was held on May 18, 2008, and was scheduled to last from 1:00 pm – 3:30 pm Pacific Standard Time.
Agenda.
Although the ceremony did not officially begin until 2:00 pm, group photographs were taken of the honorees in front of the campus' Suzzallo Library at approximately 1:00 pm. The recognition ceremony began at 2:00 pm in Kane Hall, beginning with the entrance of the university regents. The president of the University of Washington, Mark Emmert, presided over the event and gave a speech on the significance of this event as well as his personal perspective of the internment. Emmert was followed by several other speakers, which included Norman Mineta, Gail Nomura, and Tetsuden Kashima. A video memoir was shown prior to the "presentation of the honorary degrees" which included personal accounts of University of Washington students of the internment and its effect on their time at the university, as well as their personal opinions of "The Long Journey Home" regarding its closure to the "long journey" which the Japanese endured.

</doc>
<doc id="18412352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412352" title="Monterey, Roanoke, Virginia">
Monterey, Roanoke, Virginia

Monterey is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in northeastern Roanoke. Monterey is the most northeastern neighborhood within the city. It borders the neighborhoods of Preston Park on the west, Eastgate on the east, Hollins on the south and Roanoke County to the north. Originally included as part of Roanoke County, Wildwood was annexed by the city in 1976. Predominately rural prior to its annexation, growth within the neighborhood has been suburban in nature since the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18412371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412371" title="1989 Oregon Ducks football team">
1989 Oregon Ducks football team


</doc>
<doc id="18412380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412380" title="Steve Selby">
Steve Selby

Steve Selby is an American minor league baseball radio broadcaster. Since 2005, he has been the play-by-play radio announcer for the Memphis Redbirds, the Triple-A affiliate of the St. Louis Cardinals based in Memphis, Tennessee. 
Prior to becoming the Redbirds' lead radio broadcaster, he worked as the team's commentary man from 2000 to 2004. Selby previously worked the play-by-play for the Triple-A Nashville Sounds (1996–1999) and the Double-A Huntsville Stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18412397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412397" title="2008 Croatia Open Umag">
2008 Croatia Open Umag

The 2008 Croatia Open Umag was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 19th edition of the Croatia Open Umag, and was part of the International Series of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the International Tennis Center in Umag, Croatia, from July 14 through July 20, 2008.
The singles field was led by Nottingham runner-up and recent Båstad semifinalist Fernando Verdasco, two-time Nottingham champion Ivo Karlović, and Costa do Sauípe runner-up and five-time Umag winner, defending champion Carlos Moyá. Other seeded players were Gstaad finalist Igor Andreev, Zagreb runner-up Ivan Ljubičić, Guillermo Cañas, Fabio Fognini and Marcos Daniel.

</doc>
<doc id="18412404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412404" title="39th Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
39th Brigade Royal Field Artillery

XXXIX Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War.
It was originally formed with 46th, 51st and 54th Batteries, and attached to 1st Infantry Division. In August 1914, it mobilised and was sent to the Continent with the British Expeditionary Force, where it saw service with 1st Division throughout the war. 30th (Howitzer) Battery joined the brigade in May 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18412408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412408" title="40th Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
40th Brigade Royal Field Artillery

XL Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War.
It was originally formed with 6th, 23rd and 49th Batteries, and attached to 3rd Infantry Division. In August 1914, it mobilised and was sent to the Continent with the British Expeditionary Force, where it saw service with 3rd Division throughout the war. 130th (Howitzer) Battery joined the brigade in May 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18412410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412410" title="De Novo Dahl">
De Novo Dahl

De Novo Dahl is an Indie rock group from Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Formed in 2001, they were signed to Roadrunner Records and released from their contract in 2009. They are currently signed to Theory 8 Records.
History.
The band formed in 2001 by Joel Dahl, Serai Zaffiro, Derek Sandidge, Joey Andrews, Jon Schneck (later replaced by David Carney) and Mark Bond. The band took their name from the Latin words for "The New" and the last name of author Roald Dahl. Keyboardist Mark Bond left the group amicably in 2006 and now plays keyboard for The Features and was replaced by Matthew Hungate. The group signed to Roadrunner Records in 2007. In 2008, the band was asked by Warner Bros. to record a theme song to the film "Speed Racer", but the song was rejected by the Wachowski brothers.
Members of De Novo Dahl appeared as a music group called Fall Formal in the 2008-released film "Make-out with Violence". David Carney and Matthew Hungate also contributed to the music in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="18412411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412411" title="Mithat Demirel">
Mithat Demirel

Mithat Demirel (born 1978) is a German former professional basketball player of Turkish descent. He played for Erdemir SK of the Turkish Premier Basketball League before retiring. Formerly a member of Scafati Basket in Italy, Demirel also represented Germany internationally. He retired in 2010 due to an injury to his right eye he had sustained in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18412413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412413" title="Achnatherum aridum">
Achnatherum aridum

Achnatherum aridum is a species of grass known by the common name Mormon needlegrass. It is native to the southwestern United States from the Mojave Desert in California east to Colorado and New Mexico. 
Description.
"Achnatherum aridum" is a resident of high desert scrub and woodland habitat at some elevation. It is a tuft-forming perennial bunchgrass without rhizomes. The bunches of stems reach a maximum height of around . The inflorescence is a panicle often partly enfolded in the narrow sheath of the uppermost leaf. The spikelets have hairlike awns long.

</doc>
<doc id="18412414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412414" title="Saumarez (horse)">
Saumarez (horse)

Saumarez (foaled March 28, 1987 in Great Britain) was an Thoroughbred racehorse who won France's most prestigious race, the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in 1990.
Background.
Saumarez was sired by the 1985 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Rainbow Quest in his first season at stud. He was owned by National Hockey League superstar Wayne Gretzky and owner of his Los Angeles Kings ice hockey team, Bruce McNall. He was trained at trained by Henry Cecil at his Warren Place stable at Newmarket, Suffolk.
Racing career.
Saumarez failed to win at age two in 1989 then got his first win in 1990 under American-born U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey Steve Cauthen in the Aldborough Maiden Stakes. Following a win in the Harvester Graduation Stakes, he finished second to winner Blue Stag in the Dee Stakes at Chester Racecourse.
In June he was sent to France where Nicolas Clément took over as trainer. Steve Cauthen rode Saumarez to victory in the Grand Prix de Paris and then under French jockey Gérald Mossé, he won the Prix du Prince d'Orange in September and October's prestigious, Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. For majority owner Bruce McNall, it was his second Arc win, having won it in 1987 with Trempolino. Nicolas Clément became the youngest trainer to win this race. Saumarez was then sent to the United States for the Breeders' Cup Turf at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York where he finished fifth to In the Wings whom he had beaten in the Arc.
Stud record.
Sold for $8 million to a syndicate led by C A B St. George, Saumaurez was retired to stud. He currently stands at Odessa Stud in Ceres, Western Cape in South Africa. He has sired twelve stakes winners and notably is the damsire of 2007 Epsom Derby winner, Authorized.

</doc>
<doc id="18412419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412419" title="42nd Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
42nd Brigade Royal Field Artillery

XLII Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War.
It was originally formed with 29th, 41st and 45th Batteries, and attached to 3rd Infantry Division. In August 1914, it mobilised and was sent to the Continent with the British Expeditionary Force, where it saw service with 3rd Division throughout the war. 129th (Howitzer) Battery joined the brigade in May 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18412426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412426" title="Farmers' Party (Denmark)">
Farmers' Party (Denmark)

In 1939 the name was changed to Farmers' Party. The new name was inspired by agrarian parties in other Nordic countries, such as the Farmers' League in Sweden.
In May 1940 the party, LS and DNSAP formed an alliance, and tried to topple the coalition government. In the June 1939 election the groups created a common front, and worked for the creation of a National Socialist constitution. During the war and occupation, the political support for the party dwindled, especially after 29 August 1943. The party became politically isolated. It did not contest the 1945 election.
In 1948 Axel Hartel, former MP of the party, was sentenced to 14 years imprisonment, the harshest punishment for political collaboration meted out after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18412429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412429" title="Luis de Lossada">
Luis de Lossada

Luis de Lossada (1681–1748) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian and philosophical writer.
Lossada was born at Quiroga, Asturias, Spain. He entered the Society of Jesus in 1698, and, after completing his studies, taught theology, Scripture, and philosophy at Salamanca, where he died.
Works.
His first publication was the "Vida y virtudes del P.G. Dutari" (1720). One year later he published his "Institutiones dialecticae", commonly styled "Summulae". This book was an introduction to his "Cursus philosophici Regalis Collegii Salmanticensis, in tres partes divisus", which he published in 1724 (last edition, 10 vols., Barcelona, 1883). It discusses all the branches of philosophy. 
Lossada generally follows Suarez, though in some points he departs from his master. Urráburu was an admirer of Lossada's "egregium et gravissimum cursum" (Institutiones philosophicae, I, 8777), and followed him very closely. 
Lossada took part in the discussion on the descent of Saint Dominic, and his learned writings on this point were published by the Bollandists in their "Acta Sanctorum" of 1755. 
The satirical vein in Lossada's works led him to be credited with José Francisco de Isla's novel "Fray Gerundio de Campazas". Lossada and Isla wrote together the amusingly absurd work "La juventúd triunfante".

</doc>
<doc id="18412432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412432" title="St Pancras, Soper Lane">
St Pancras, Soper Lane

St Pancras, Soper Lane, was a parish church in the City of London, in England. Of medieval origin, it was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt. 
History.
St Pancras, Soper Lane, was the Cheap ward City of London. The street from which it took its name was renamed after the Great Fire, although sources vary as to whether it became Queen Street or Pancras Lane. The church was first built in the twelfth century. It was a small building, with a tower containing five bells. There was a chapel on the north side.
Though small, the parish had some wealthy residents, and the church received various benefactions. In 1617 it was presented with a monument commemorating Elizabeth I. by Thomas Chapman. In 1621 the renovation of the building was financed by a group of benefactors, including Chapman, and a porch was added in 1624, paid for by Chapman's son.
The patronage of the church belonged to the prior and chapter of Christ Church, Canterbury, until 1365, when they granted it to the Archbishop of Canterbury. 
There was a parsonage house on the corner of Pancras Lane and Queen Street; in 1670 it was leased out for 40 years, at an annual rent of £2. 
Destruction.
Along with the majority of churches in the City, St Pancras, Soper Lane,was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in September 1666. It was not rebuilt; instead the parish was united with those of St Mary-le-Bow and All Hallows, Honey Lane. The rebuilt St Mary-le-Bow served as the church for the united parishes, and the site of St Pancras was retained as a graveyard.

</doc>
<doc id="18412435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412435" title="41st Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
41st Brigade Royal Field Artillery

XLI Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War. 
It was originally formed with 9th, 16th and 17th Batteries, and attached to 2nd Infantry Division. In August 1914 it mobilised and was sent to the Continent with the British Expeditionary Force, where it saw service with 2nd Division until the end of the war. 47th (Howitzer) Battery joined the brigade in May 1916.
It took part in most of the major actions, including:
1914 - The Battle of Mons and the subsequent retreat, including the Affair of Landrecies, the Rearguard affair of Le Grand Fayt and the Rearguard actions of Villers-Cotterets; The Battle of the Marne; The Battle of the Aisne; First Battle of Ypres
1915 - The Battle of Festubert; The Battle of Loos
1916 - The Battle of Delville Wood; The Battle of the Ancre. 
After the end of the Battle of the Somme in December 1916, the artillery was reorganised, and often deployed to support different Divisions depending on need. For example, for the Battle of Vimy Ridge (April 9 to 12, 1917), part of the opening phase of the British-led Battle of Arras, 2nd Divisional Artillery, including 41st Brigade, operated in support of 4th Canadian Division, which was responsible for the northern portion of the advance which included the capture of the highest point of the ridge followed by the heavily defended knoll known as "the Pimple" just north of the town of Givenchy-en-Gohelle.
It went to France with the following officers (see WO95/1313) and senior NCOs:- Brigade HQ: Lt-Col Stephen Lushington, Adjutant: Capt F Brousson; Orderly Officer: Lt Otto M Lund; Medical Officer: Capt T S Blackwell RAMC; Vet Officer: Lt G Williamson RAVC. The RSM was Samuel E James (81063).
9th Battery: Major R D Wylde; Capt Henry Charles Rochfort-Boyd 4/12/1917;Lt D D Rose; Lt N H Huttenbach; 2Lt H Price-Williams; BSM Albert Charles Hanks(84198); BQMS Arthur Charles Thorpe(16627)
16th Battery: Major H F E Lewin;Capt C R B Carrington; Lt S Atkinson;Lt H O C Anne; 2Lt G Messervy;BSM W Little (1745); BQMS William Kinsella (18552) 
17th Battery: Major H H Bond; Captain H H Joll; Lt D C Stephenson; Lt C T Carfrae; 2Lt R T W Glynn; BSM Alfred John Wark (4838);BQMS W H K Hinton (33512) 
41st Brigade Ammunition Column: Capt. G. St.L. Thornton; Lt H G Lee-Warner; 2Lt J R Cleland; BSM H Lowe (26703). 
Of these, the last of the original officers still serving with the 41st Brigade, Captain (acting Major) Gerald Messervy MC, was killed 9th October 1918, commanding 16th Battery. 

</doc>
<doc id="18412474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412474" title="Karnana, India">
Karnana, India

Information pertaining to historical origin of Karnana (Banga) village.
Karnana is a small to medium size village approximately 5 km from Banga in Shahid Bhagat Singh District (formerly known as Nawan Shahir). It falls in Tehsil/Mandal Banga or Bangian. Other tehsils in this district besides Banga are Aur, Balachaur, Saroya and Nawansahir.
According to ‘Census Report for Punjab 1883’ (Denzil Ibbetson) and ‘Census Report for Punjab 1892’ (E.D.Maclagan) this village is populated by Parihar Rajputs. Karnana, Sahlon and Sarhal Mundi are the only villages listed in early records as Rajput and not as Mehta Sikh Rajput or Mehton Rajput according to the book titled ‘Rajput jo sikh bane’. Karnana has a nice mix of Sikh and Hindu Rajput families plus Brahmin and few other minority casts. The total population of this village is 2869 (M 1465, F1404) according to the last available census data. It is important to note that there is another village Karnana in Gujrat (Pakistan) and as such one must not confuse Karnana in Banga (India) with the same.
The historical origin of this village can be traced back to the early sixteenth century. It is believed that the foundation of this village was laid by Mian Phul Chand. Mian Sansar Chand of Rajpura (near Amb in present day district Una of Himachal Pradesh) was a relative of Manhas Rajput Jagirdars of Daroli (now in district Jalandhar, Punjab). Rajpura in past was the capital of the Jaswal Rajput kingdom of Jaswan, while Daroli (consisting of many villages around present day Daroli Kalan) was an important Jagir in this kingdom.
Mian Sansar Chand received some land as gift from the Jagir of Manhas Rajput relatives, where he established the village of Kalra. Fifth in generation to Sansar Chand were two brothers Mian Phul Chand and Mian Amnu (similar sounding name). Mian Phul Chand married a Doad Rajput lady from the royal houses of Gunachaur. He received some land in dowry from his in-laws. He later moved from Kalra to his new land and established the village of Karnana. Books like ‘Itihaas Doaba Rajput’ written by Parmar, A.C. shed some light on the very little documented history of Doaba Rajput Villages of this region. No doubt some references can be found in memoirs of Babur, Akbar and Jahangir translated by various authors but the information is varied and sketchy. There is an old Shivdwala consolidating old rajput ancestiry and gurdwaras linking as to how sikhism flourished at a later date in this region in the face of Mugal invasion as well as during Maharaja Ranjit Singh’s time to which this village is no exception. Old Mati of Mian Sahib and Jand Sahib also link to old ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="18412476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412476" title="2008 Croatia Open Umag – Singles">
2008 Croatia Open Umag – Singles

Carlos Moyá was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Fabio Fognini.
Fernando Verdasco won in the final 3–6, 6–4, 7–6(7–4), against Igor Andreev.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18412481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412481" title="2nd Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
2nd Brigade Royal Field Artillery

II Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War.
It was originally formed with 21st, 42nd and 53rd Batteries, and attached to 6th Infantry Division. In August 1914 it mobilised and in September was sent to the Continent with the British Expeditionary Force, where it saw service with 6th Division throughout the war. 87th (Howitzer) Battery joined the brigade in May 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18412491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412491" title="Chicago Sinfonietta">
Chicago Sinfonietta

The Chicago Sinfonietta is an American orchestra based in Chicago, Illinois. The stated mission of the orchestra is to "serve as a national model for inclusiveness and innovation in classical music" and to "help America become a true cultural democracy, in which everyone can share fully in its cultural resources and in which all can contribute to it cultural richness." The group bills itself as "The Nation's Most Diverse Orchestra." 
The orchestra was founded in 1987 under the guidance of Music Director Paul Freeman. In its first decade, the group made several tours of the United States, Europe, and other overseas destinations. In that time, guest performers included the Vienna Boys Choir, Ben Vereen, and Marian McPartland. In its second decade the group has released three new recordings and performed with guests including Poi Dog Pondering, Howard Levy, Rachel Barton Pine, Orbert Davis, and the Apostolic Church of God Choir.
Music Director Dr.Paul Freeman was the co-host of the National Public Radio program, The Global Maestro and conducted the Czech National Symphony Orchestra. Dr. Freeman founded the Chicago Sinfonietta after not finding enough conducting opportunities for African American conductors, instrumentalists and composers. With the announcement of Paul Freeman’s planned retirement in 2011, the organization conducted a two-year international search that resulted in the 2010 announcement of Mei-Ann Chen’s appointment as Music Director. Maestro Freeman’s final season culminated with a national broadcast of his final performance on WFMT 98.7 FM that also featured Maestro Chen and Renee' Baker as co-conductors for the evening. Maestro Chen’s tenure as Music Director was formally introduced to the city on August 14, 2011 with a free concert in Millennium Park celebrating the diversity of Chicago’s neighborhoods and people.
The 2011-2012 Season was the first under the baton of Mei-Ann Chen. 
In keeping with its vision of inclusiveness, the orchestra has sought to develop future musicians and audience through an outreach program entitled "Audience Matters." Working with the Chicago Public Schools, this initiative offers music programming and subsidized tickets to the orchestra's performances to students in under-served Chicago neighborhoods. Project Inclusion, a nationally recognized mentoring program for young minority professionals was started in 2000. The Chicago Sinfonietta's Project Inclusion was awarded its' largest funding ever from the Mellon Foundation in 2012.
The orchestra regularly performs in Chicago’s Orchestra Hall at Symphony Center, the Harris Theater for Music and Dance, and Wentz Concert Hall on the campus of North Central College in Naperville. The Chicago Sinfonietta was also the orchestra-in-residence at Dominican University for 24 years. The orchestra has also performed with the Joffrey Ballet. Members of the orchestra include Paul Zafer, Ricardo Castaneda, Matthew Mantell, Emily Lewis Mantell, Robert Everson, Faye Seeman, Phyllis Sanders, Robert C. Fisher, Becky Coffman, and William Porter.

</doc>
<doc id="18412495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412495" title="Jérôme Lulling">
Jérôme Lulling

Jérôme Lulling is a linguist from Luxembourg who has been a leading figure in preservation and educational efforts relating to the Luxembourgish language, a Germanic language that became one of Luxembourg’s three official languages in 1984 and spoken by 300,000 persons.
Lulling’s initial contributions to enhancing the language took place between 2000 and 2002, when he compiled the language’s first computer spellchecker as part of his Ph.D. dissertation at the Université Paul Valéry de Montpellier. The spellchecker, which consisted of 125,000 words, was known as Projet C.ORT.IN.A.
Lulling, working in partnership with fellow linguists François Schanen and Manfred Peters, compiled and edited the first Luxembourgish-French dictionary, "Dictionnaire Bilingue Français-Luxembourgeois", which was published in 2005. The text consisted of 48,000 translated words and phrases. Lulling is also the co-author of Luxdico, the Luxembourgish online dictionary. 
Lulling has also co-authored two academic papers relating to Luxembourgish: "Eng Kleng Hëllef fir Lëtzebuergesch ze schreiwen" (2001). and "Introduction à l’orthographe luxembourgeoise"
In 2011 Lulling published a DVD to learn luxembourgish called 'LuxDVD - learning luxembourgish with videos'

</doc>
<doc id="18412496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412496" title="24th Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
24th Brigade Royal Field Artillery

XXIV Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War.
It was originally formed with 110th, 111th and 112th Batteries, and attached to 6th Infantry Division. In August 1914 it mobilised and in September was sent to the Continent with the British Expeditionary Force, where it saw service with 6th Division throughout the war. 43rd (Howitzer) Battery joined the brigade in May 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18412502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412502" title="Fish Heads and Tails">
Fish Heads and Tails

Fish Heads and Tails is a 1989 compilation album from the Scottish group Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie collecting together a selection of live tracks, out-takes and cover versions.
Track listing.
CD.
1Recorded live at the Town and Country Club, London on 20 June 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18412505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412505" title="Rowena Simpson">
Rowena Simpson

Rowena E. Simpson was the seventh mayor of Nackawic, New Brunswick, Canada. She was elected in May, 2008, as the first woman mayor in the history of the town.
She was born in Hartfield, New Brunswick, on March 20, 1946.
Mayor Simpson previously served as deputy mayor and councillor in the town for 16 years. Her husband, Bob Simpson also served as mayor from 1974-1983. They are the only husband and wife to have both served as mayor of the same town in New Brunswick history. Mrs. Simpson served only one term as mayor, being defeated during the quadrennial municipal election of May 14, 2012.
Rowena Simpson is also the aunt of Matt Stairs, a Canadian born former player in Major League Baseball who holds major league records for most career pinch hit home runs and for having played with the most teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18412521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412521" title="Bhaudry Massouanga">
Bhaudry Massouanga

Bhaudry Gildas Massouanga Moldakoldad (born September 8, 1982) is a footballer from Republic of the Congo who currently plays in Georgia for FC Olimpi Rustavi. He previously spent two years playing in Algeria.

</doc>
<doc id="18412525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412525" title="Morningside, Roanoke, Virginia">
Morningside, Roanoke, Virginia

Morningside is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in east, central Roanoke, along the north bank of the Roanoke River. It borders the neighborhoods of South Jefferson and Riverland/Walnut Hills on the west, Kenwood and Riverdale on the east, Belmont on the north and both Garden City and Mill Mountain on the south. In being the location of the former American Viscose plant, the Morningside neighborhood exhibits both industrial characteristics as well as development patterns typical of those experienced for an American city during the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18412530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412530" title="Kyym">
Kyym

Kyym (, "Spark") is the main Yakut language newspaper, published in Yakutsk five times a week.

</doc>
<doc id="18412539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412539" title="36th Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
36th Brigade Royal Field Artillery

XXXVI Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War. 
It was originally formed with 15th, 48th and 71st Batteries, and attached to 2nd Infantry Division. On 4 August 1914 it mobilised at Aldershot and was brought up to strength with reservists and drafts from other units; an Ammunition Column was also formed. It was sent to the Continent with the British Expeditionary Force, disembarking at Boulogne 19 August 1914. 
It saw service with 2nd Division throughout the war. A howitzer battery was formed in May 1916, from a section of each of 47th (Howitzer) and 56th (Howitzer) Batteries, and designated D Battery.
The officers who landed in France with the Brigade included:
36th Brigade Commander - Lt Col Ernest Frederick Hall; 
Adjutant - Capt H H Hulton, 
Medical officer - Captain Patrick Sampson RAMC,
Veterinary Officer - Lt R F Stirling AVC, 
15th Battery:
Major Christopher Chevallier Barnes,
Major Laurence Godman (vice Capt. E. C. Anstey),
Lt. Pierre Elliot Inchbald, 
2nd Lt. Victor Walrond, 
2nd Lt Neil James Robert Wright 
48th Battery:
Maj Cosmo Gordon Stewart DSO,
Capt. Richmond Ffolliott Powell, 
Lt Donald Ramsey MacDonald,
Lt C. W. Campbell,
2Lt Arthur Lefrey Pritchard Griffith
71st Battery:
Maj. C. W. Scott, 
Capt.William Cecil Holt Cree, 
Lt Melvil Farrant,
2nd Lt A Chaworth-Musters,
2nd Lt Archibald Charles Mark Walsh 
36th Brigade Ammunition Column:
Capt. Robert Hadden Haining,
Lt Christopher Geldard, 
Lt Percival Llewellyn Vining 
Warrant officers and senior NCOs on mobilisation included
RSM Andrew Imlach (15982); 
15th Battery - BSM Bert Avery (18958); BQMS Thomas Wallace Coles (30543); 
48th Battery - BSM Arthur Frank Pilcher (11352); BQMS William Charles Smith (23664); 
71st Battery - BSM David William Phillpotts (22245); BQMS Charles John Read (19995);
36th Brigade Ammunition Column - BSM Frederick Bradford (13922); 

</doc>
<doc id="18412542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412542" title="Jefferson County Courthouse (Ohio)">
Jefferson County Courthouse (Ohio)

The Jefferson County Courthouse is located at 301 Market Street in Steubenville, Ohio. It is the original courthouse constructed for Jefferson County. It was constructed in 1871 through 1874 by Heard & Blythe architectural firm.
Exterior.
The courthouse was originally designed and built with six floors, high arched windows with hood-moulds and keystones, sectional Corinthian columns, and a flight of stairs to each entrance. Above the entrances are high Corinthian columns supporting a pediment. The main entrance has Justice standing on the peak of the pediment. The mansard roof contained dormer windows with a central tower capped with a mansard roof.
The sandstone building is severely discolored due to the polluted air from the surrounding steel factories and heavy traffic. In 1950 during a ferocious snowstorm, the top floor collapsed, destroying the ornate roof and tower. Instead of reconstructing the mansard roof and tower, the county officials decided to keep the roof flat, cutting the number of floors to five.
Grounds.
The courthouse stands diagonal from the site of Fort Steuben. A plaque to the left of the main entrance is in memoriam to the USS Maine (ACR-1) and is made from metal recovered from the ship. In front of the courthouse is a statue of Stuebenville native Edwin McMasters Stanton, United States Secretary of War to President Abraham Lincoln.

</doc>
<doc id="18412548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412548" title="Rivard">
Rivard

Rivard is a surname of French origin meaning "of the river". 
Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18412559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412559" title="34th Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
34th Brigade Royal Field Artillery

XXXIV Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War. 
It was originally formed with 22nd, 50th and 70th Batteries, and attached to 2nd Infantry Division. In 5 August 1914, it was mobilised and was sent to the Continent with the British Expeditionary Force, where it saw service with 2nd Division until 1917. It went to France commanded by Lt Col H G Sandilands, with Capt H G Boone as adjutant, and Arthur Stoyle as RSM. 22nd Battery was commanded by Major H T Wynter; 50th Battery by Major T O Seagram; 70th Battery by Major H C S Clarke; the newly formed Ammunition Column was commanded by Captain D Stewart. 
22nd Battery left the Brigade to Feb 1915, joining 3rd Brigade RFA in 28th Division (later serving on the Salonika front). 56th (Howitzer) Battery joined the brigade in May 1916, when the Ammunition Column moved to be part of 2nd DAC. In November 1916 521st Howitzer Battery joined the Brigade from England, briefly serving as D/34th. 
On 25 January 1917, 34th Brigade left 2nd Division to become an army-level artillery brigade; D/34th was broken up - a section joining D/36th Brigade and the other 47/41st Brigade, its men remaining with 2nd Division. A new C/34th was added, previously A/60th Brigade RFA, and a new Brigade Ammunition Column under Captain C H Putnam.
In November 1918 34th Army Brigade RFA was serving with Third Army, still with 50th Bty, 70th Bty, C/34th and 56th (Howitzer) Bty.

</doc>
<doc id="18412568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412568" title="Studio (disambiguation)">
Studio (disambiguation)

A studio is an artist's or worker's work room. Studio may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18412578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412578" title="Berkshire Partners">
Berkshire Partners

Berkshire Partners, the Boston-based private equity firm, has invested in over 100 middle market companies since 1986 through eight investment funds with aggregate capital commitments of $11 billion. Berkshire has developed specific industry experience in several areas including consumer products and retail, business services, industrial manufacturing, transportation and communications. The firm has invested over $50 million to $500 million of equity capital in each portfolio company.
History.
Berkshire Partners was founded by Bradley M. Bloom, J. Christopher Clifford, Carl Ferenbach, Richard K. Lubin and Russell L. Epker in 1984. The firm traces its roots back to Boston's Thomas H. Lee Partners, a large-cap private equity firm founded a decade earlier. Since its founding in 1984, Berkshire has raised eight private equity funds with total investor commitments of $11.0 billion since inception.
Portfolio.
Since its inception in 1984, Berkshire Partners has invested in over 100 companies and developed specific industry experience in several areas including retailing, consumer products, manufacturing, transportation, energy, business services and communications. For information on additional investments visit their website.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18412579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412579" title="Blithe Spirit">
Blithe Spirit

Blithe Spirit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18412583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412583" title="WKCM">
WKCM

WKCM (1160 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Hawesville, Kentucky. The station is owned and operated by Hancock Communications, Inc., doing business as the Cromwell Radio Group, and the station's broadcast license is held by Hancock Communications, Inc.
WKCM broadcasts a country music format to the greater Owensboro, Kentucky, area. Programming includes the Real Country syndicated format from Cumulus Media Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="18412589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412589" title="WKCT">
WKCT

WKCT (930 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Bowling Green, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Bowling Green area. The station is currently owned by Daily News Broadcasting Co. and features programing from CBS Radio, Premiere Radio Networks and Westwood One. The station also broadcasts Greenwood High School football games.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412595" title="Lovelock (disambiguation)">
Lovelock (disambiguation)

Lovelock is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and Kathryn H. Kidd.
Lovelock may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18412600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412600" title="Tarphyceras">
Tarphyceras

Tarphyeras is a genus of tarphyceratid with whorls rounded in cross section, having a deeply impressed dorsum and a ventral to subcentral siphuncle, known from the Lower Ord (U Canad) of North America. It differs from "Campbelloceras" in that "Campbelloceras" is only slightly impressed, from "Centrotarphyceras" in that "Centrotarphyceras" is subquadrate and has a central siphuncle, and from "Trocholites" in that although "Trocholites" is subcircular in cross section, the siphuncle is subdorsal. 
"Taphyceras" may be derived from "Campbelloceras" through development of tighter coiling and a deeper impression along with a smaller siphuncle that may be further offset from the venter.
"Tarphyceras" was named by Hyatt in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="18412609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412609" title="Revolutionary Party of Kurdistan">
Revolutionary Party of Kurdistan

Revolutionary Party of Kurdistan, known as "Kürdistan Devrim Partisi" in Turkish and "Partiya Şoreşa Kürdistan" ("PŞK") in Kurdish is an illegal political party active in Turkey. The aim of the party is to create an independent state for Kurdish people based on Marxist-Leninist principles.
History.
Revolutionary Party of Kurdistan is a splinter of the Sociality Unity Party of Kurdistan, known as "Kürdistan Sosyalist Birlik Partisi" in Turkish and "Partiya Yekitiya Sosyalista Kürdistane" in Kurdish. Sociality Unity Party of Kurdistan annulled itself in July 1998 after a meeting in Germany. As a result the central committee of "YEKBUN" or the United People's Party of Kurdistan ("Kürdistan Birleşik Halk Partisi" in Turkish), resident in Sweden, decided to form a new organization to carry out armed struggle against the Turkish government. The organization was named Revolutionary Union of Kurdistan ("Kürdistan Devrim Birliği" in Turkish,"Yektiye Şoreşa Kürdistan" in Kurdish) first. However the central committee later changed "union" with "party" thinking taking into consideration that there was no unity yet; so the Revolutionary Party of Kurdistan was born.
After the capture of Abdullah Öcalan by Turkish forces in 1999 and the resulting retreat of Kurdistan Workers Party, better known as PKK, the Party tried to attract their members, albeit without a remarkable success. The organisation was not successful either in giving a significant damage to Turkish forces or creating public awareness about themselves.
Designation as a terrorist organisation.
According to the Counter-Terrorism and Operations Department of Directorate General for Security (Turkish police) it is one of the 12 active terrorist organisations in Turkey and one of the three Kurdish separatist organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="18412610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412610" title="George Loane Tucker">
George Loane Tucker

George Loane Tucker (12 June 1880 – 20 June 1921) was an American film director and screenwriter. He directed 69 films between 1911 and 1921, including "Joan of Plattsburg" featuring Mabel Normand in 1918, which he scripted. Tucker had been an actor before moving to directing. In 1913 he directed "Traffic in Souls", which concerned the topic of white slavery. The film remains an early influential example of realism in early cinema. Tucker continued working in feature productions. He made several films with actress Jane Gail. In 1919 he made what would probably be his most famous and financially successful film, "The Miracle Man". This film featured Lon Chaney in a breakout role as a fake cripple. Tucker made one more film after "The Miracle Man".
Tucker was born in Chicago, Illinois, USA and died in Los Angeles, California. He was married to Elisabeth Risdon.

</doc>
<doc id="18412617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412617" title="WKDO-FM">
WKDO-FM

WKDO-FM (98.7 FM) and WKDO (1560 AM) are a pair of radio stations broadcasting a classic country format on FM and a classic hits format on AM. Licensed to Liberty, Kentucky, USA. Both stations were sold to Creal Broadcasting, Inc. on March 1, 2013. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412622" title="WKDP (AM)">
WKDP (AM)

WKDP (1330 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Talk format. Licensed to Corbin, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Eubanks Broadcasting, Inc.. The station is a broadcaster of the Rush Limbaugh program.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412627" title="Karjalan Sanomat">
Karjalan Sanomat

Karjalan Sanomat ("Karelian News") is a Finnish language newspaper from the Republic of Karelia, published in Petrozavodsk.
Previous names:
From 1938 to 1940 the newspaper was printed in Karelian using Cyrillic, rather than Finnish.

</doc>
<doc id="18412632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412632" title="WKDP-FM">
WKDP-FM

WKDP-FM (99.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Corbin, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Eubanks Broadcasting, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio .
History.
The station went on the air as WYGO-FM on 1978-08-14. on 1989-03-06, the station changed its call sign to the current WKDP.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412640" title="First United Presbyterian Church">
First United Presbyterian Church

First United Presbyterian Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18412642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412642" title="Percy Haswell">
Percy Haswell

Percy Haswell (30 April 1871 – 14 June 1945), frequently billed as Miss Percy Haswell or Mrs. George Fawcett to clarify her gender, was an American stage and film actress.
Percy Haswell was born in Austin, Texas, the daughter of George Tyler Haswell, a politician and businessman, and Caroline Dalton. She was educated in Washington, D.C., and while still a child she first appeared on the stage in March 1885. She appeared with the Lafayette Square Theatre in Washington and acted in New York City at Augustin Daly's Theatre. Her stage career also included appearances in Baltimore, Boston, Buffalo, Toronto and other locales, as well as New York, where she first appeared on Broadway in 1898, returning periodically through 1932.
On 2 June 1895, at Bridgeport, Connecticut, she married to fellow actor George Fawcett. In 1901 at Baltimore she formed the Percy Haswell Stock Company but later took a secondary role to her husband, her company forming a constituent part of the George Fawcett Stock Company. In 1925, she directed the Broadway play, "The Complex". She also appeared in two silent films in 1919 and one in 1929.
She died in Nantucket, Massachusetts, the mother of one daughter.
Writer Fulton Oursler commented, in describing his infatuation with her, that she was ""so blonde, so blue-eyed, with voice so throaty sweet. She was a lass from Austin, Texas, but to me she seemed to belong to some other world altogether. She was my first Rosalind, and Juliet, and Ophelia, and a dozen other heroines, sacred and profane."" 

</doc>
<doc id="18412652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412652" title="Fay Lemport">
Fay Lemport

Fay Lemport was an American actress. She appeared in 3 films between 1919 and 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18412656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412656" title="Cobourg Transit">
Cobourg Transit

Cobourg Transit is a fully accessible community transit system that serves the Town of Cobourg, which is situated on the north shore of Lake Ontario, midway between Toronto and Kingston in the Province of Ontario, Canada.
Bus service is provided on two routes which meet every hour at the Northumberland Mall and beside the downtown rink. These regular routes operate Monday to Friday from 6:15 am to 7:45 pm, Saturdays from 8:15 am to 6:45pm and Sundays from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm. There is also an inter-municipal shuttle service to Port Hope, which connects at the mall or Northumberland Hills Hospital with Port Hope Transit.

</doc>
<doc id="18412671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412671" title="Rizzi">
Rizzi

Rizzi is a surname of Italian origin, people with this surname include

</doc>
<doc id="18412676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412676" title="WKED-FM">
WKED-FM

WKDZ-FM (106.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Cadiz, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Clarksville-Hopkinsville area. The station is currently owned by Ham Broadcasting Company, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio and Fox News Radio.
History.
The station went on the air as WKDZ-FM on 1979-03-29. on 1986-06-30, the station changed its call sign to WBZD, on 1991-03-08 to the current WKDZ,
Translators.
In addition to the main station, WKDZ-FM is relayed by an additional two translators to widen its broadcast area.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412680" title="32nd Brigade Royal Field Artillery">
32nd Brigade Royal Field Artillery

XXXII Brigade, Royal Field Artillery was a brigade of the Royal Field Artillery which served in the First World War.
It was originally formed with 27th, 134th and 135th Batteries, and attached to 4th Infantry Division. In August 1914 it mobilised and was sent to the Continent with the British Expeditionary Force, where it saw service with 2nd Division throughout the war. A howitzer battery was formed in May 1916, from a section of each of 86th (Howitzer) and 128th (Howitzer) Batteries, and designated D Battery; it was disbanded in January 1917, and replaced by 86th (Howitzer) Battery.

</doc>
<doc id="18412683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412683" title="Betty Bouton">
Betty Bouton

Betty Bouton was an American actress. She appeared in 16 films between 1919 and 1924, with her last film being the Samuel Goldwyn part-Technicolor production "Cytherea" (1924).

</doc>
<doc id="18412684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412684" title="Spectral layout">
Spectral layout

Spectral layout is a class of algorithm for drawing graphs. The layout uses the eigenvectors of a matrix, such as the Laplace matrix of the graph, as Cartesian coordinates of the graph's vertices.

</doc>
<doc id="18412700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412700" title="Saint James' Episcopal Church">
Saint James' Episcopal Church

Saint James' Episcopal Church can refer to:
Sites on the National Park Service National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="18412703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412703" title="Remetinec Roundabout">
Remetinec Roundabout

The Remetinec Roundabout (, or simply ) is a large roundabout in the Novi Zagreb - zapad part of Zagreb, Croatia. Having three lanes, it connects Adriatic Bridge, Jadranska Avenue, Dubrovnik Avenue and Remetinec Road. Inside traffic has the right of way, but the rightmost approaching lanes from the north, east and southwest are separated from the exiting traffic, reducing congestion for those three immediate right turns. The roundabout itself is elevated from the ground level and two tram lines and several pedestrian tracks pass underneath it.
More than 100,000 vehicles per day pass through the roundabout, which is twice its normal capacity. Congestion is particularly severe during the rush hour. Due to the volume of traffic, accidents are almost an everyday occurrence. More than 2700 accidents with 216 injuries were registered in the roundabout between 1997 and 2006, making it one of the city's most dangerous intersections.
A traffic study commissioned by the City of Zagreb in 2007 proposed five reconstruction options. The most favored option is based on construction of two east-west bound tunnels, reducing the load on the roundabout to 38,000 vehicles per day. Construction works were not expected to start before 2011, and did not start .

</doc>
<doc id="18412709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412709" title="WKEQ">
WKEQ

WKEQ (97.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock format. Licensed to Somerset, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications and features programing from Premiere Radio Networks.
History.
The station went on the air as WSFC-FM on 1964-09-01; in 1968 the station changed its call sign to WSEK. On 2005-08-09 the station changed its call sign to WKEQ-FM. On 2005-08-18, the station changed its call sign to the current WKEQ.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412718" title="Frankie Lee">
Frankie Lee

Frankie Lee (31 December 1911 – 29 July 1970), was an American child actor. He appeared in 56 films between 1916 and 1925. Best remembered in the 1919 film "The Miracle Man", he was the little boy on crutches healed by the phoney faith healer just after Lon Chaney.
He was born in Utah, USA and died in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18412724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412724" title="Honeyland">
Honeyland

Honeyland is a 1935 animated film in the "Happy Harmonies" series (the second in 3-strip Technicolor), based on the song, sung by the vaudevillian trio, the Brox Sisters.
Plot.
Bees are harvesting nectar from flowers to make honey, as the camera turns to a trio of singing bees. They perform the song as bees are shown making honey, using ways like human techniques of farming, a stereotypical "French chef" tasting it, and melting candle wax to preserve, a reference to beeswax.
Two bees are shown chasing each other, outside the safety of the hive. Then, the antagonist (a spider) comes in and chases and captures the female bee. The male bee tries to fight the spider, and the female escapes. Using a flower as a rotary telephone, she contacts the operator, telling him to call for all bees. They come into formation, as the spider tries to escape. To a part of Rimsky-Korsakov's Flight of the Bumblebee, the group continually stung the spider's abdomen, and the spider runs off. The female bee goes to aid the male bee, and with a kiss, he is happy, and all the bees cheer.

</doc>
<doc id="18412725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412725" title="Shanghai Lily">
Shanghai Lily

Shanghai Lily may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18412731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412731" title="WKFC">
WKFC

WKFC (101.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to North Corbin, Kentucky, USA. The station is owned by Radioactive, LLC.
History.
The station went on the air as WPNS on September 29, 2006. On March 5, 2008, the station changed its call sign to the current WKFC. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412740" title="WRSL">
WRSL

WRSL (1600 AM) is a radio station licensed to Corbin, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Lincoln-Garrard Broadcasting Co., Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18412749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412749" title="WKHG">
WKHG

WKHG (104.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Leitchfield, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Heritage Media of Kentucky Inc and features programing from Fox News Radio and Fox Sports Radio.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412761" title="Harrison County Courthouse (Ohio)">
Harrison County Courthouse (Ohio)

The Harrison County Courthouse in Cadiz, Ohio was constructed during 1893 to 1895 by Joseph W. Yost. The courthouse mirrors others of his design, with large arched windows, mansard-roofed towers and a central clock tower domed and topped with a statue Justice. The porches to the entrances are covered with a balcony.
After the building was constructed, a mechanic's lien was filed by the Greer family to prevent the county from taking possession of the property. The issue was finally resolved and the county officials moved in. 
Like other courthouses, the Harrison County courthouse fell into disrepair. In 1993, the courthouse saw renovations of the premises, including an elevator, replacement of the roof, dome, and stairs, as well as other much needed repairs.

</doc>
<doc id="18412763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412763" title="Atlantic Records discography">
Atlantic Records discography

This is a partial Atlantic Records discography, albums released on the Atlantic Records label, ordered by catalog number. Two of the major series of LP recordings were the "1200" and "8000" series, started by Nesuhi Ertegun. The "1200" series was reserved for jazz albums. The "8000" series, started shortly after the 1200 in 1956, featured Atlantic's R&B albums. This list does not include albums released under Atlantic's numerous subsidiary labels.

</doc>
<doc id="18412773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412773" title="William Corfield">
William Corfield

William Corfield may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18412778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412778" title="Marcia Harris">
Marcia Harris

Marcia Harris (February 14, 1880 – June 18, 1947), born Lena Hill was an American actress. She appeared in 48 films between 1915 and 1932.
She was born in Providence, Rhode Island, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18412781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412781" title="WZQQ">
WZQQ

WZQQ (1390 AM) is a radio station in Hazard, Kentucky. The station was known as WKIC for over sixty years. The WKIC call sign was moved to the FM dial at 97.9. The station is currently owned by Mountain Broadcasting Service, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio and Jones Radio Network.
The station has been assigned these call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since August 24, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18412789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412789" title="Campbelloceras">
Campbelloceras

Campbelloceras is a tarphyceratid nautiloid known from the Lower Ordovician, Upper Canadian Epoch of North America, where it is widespread. "Campbelloceras" was named by Ulrich and Foerste in 1936. 
The shell of "Campbelloceras" has a circular whorl section, only slightly impressed, and a siphuncle that is close to the venter in all growth stages. "Campbelloceras" differs from "Tarphyceras" in that the rate of expansion is greater, the siphuncle is proportionally largers, and an impression is shallower.
"Campbelloceras" may have given rise to the barrandeocerid "Plectoceras" (Plectoceratidae) through simplification of the connecting rings, and to "Tarphyceras" through tighter coiling, development of a deeper impression, and reduction in the size of the siphuncle. "Campbelloceras" may be conceivably derived from "Estonioceras" (Estonioceratidae). The cross section of "Campbelloceras" and that of the outer whorl of "Estonioceras" are similar, except for "Campbelloceras" being slightly impressed. Both have proportionally large siphuncles, near the venter.

</doc>
<doc id="18412800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412800" title="WSGS">
WSGS

WSGS (101.1 FM) is a radio station based in Hazard, Kentucky. The station first began broadcasting in the 1950s as the first FM station in the East Kentucky Coal Fields During the 1960s WSGS held the distinction of being the most powerful FM in the state. Today - WSGS broadcasts a 100,000 watt signal and has a greater coverage area than any FM station in Kentucky based on FM Atlas, a national publication. The station was the first in Kentucky to broadcast a Country music format on the FM dial. In the 1960s the "easy listening" format dominated most FM stations in the United States. The station began playing Country Music on a full-time basis in 1968. Licensed to serve Hazard, Kentucky, the station is currently owned by Mountain Broadcasting Service, Inc.
Originally an affiliate of the now-defunct Mutual Broadcasting System, WSGS joined ABC Radio in 1967, and continues to use its programming today. It also uses programming from Clear Channel's Kentucky News Network. Throughout its history, WSGS has been the home of several well-known and respected broadcasters, such as Ernest Sparkman, Jay Lasslo, Quentin Combs, George (The Singing Miner) Davis, Glen Sims, newscasters Rod Williams, Bill Buckner, Jim Brown, and Virgil Walton Napier; Pete Pickins, Wayne Combs, Hugh Dunbar, Jerry Leighton, talk-show host Charlie Wilson, John McIntyre, Faron Sparkman, Stuart Shane, Bob Hale, and Randy Lunquist. Ernest Sparkman was with the station for nearly 60 years, and Jay Lasslo for 41 years. To many listeners in Eastern Kentucky (and beyond the region who could pick up the booming signal of WSGS), Ernest & Jay were the voices of mountain high school sports for five decades, doing regular games along with district and regional tournament action, and every game of the Kentucky State High School Boys' "Sweet 16" Tourney during their time at the mikes. Mr. Lasslo, the son of immigrant parents from Hungary, came to the United States via Ellis Island and settled in Hazard, where his mother ran a jewelry store. He served in World War II and was a Prisoner Of War in Europe during the conflict, before he was eventually released.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412809" title="Xavier Fernique">
Xavier Fernique

Xavier Fernique is a mathematician, noted mostly for his contributions to the theory of stochastic processes. Fernique's theorem, a result on the integrability of Gaussian measures, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18412821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412821" title="Frederick Burton (actor)">
Frederick Burton (actor)

Frederick Burton (20 October 1871 – 23 October 1957), was an American actor. He appeared in 122 films between 1914 and 1947.
Life and career.
Frederick Burton was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA and died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles. His grave is located at Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery.
The following comes from a 1907 issue of Life Magazine: "FREDERICK BURTON, the actor, hails from Gosport, Ind. He got his start on the stage after making a hit in a Knights of Pythias benefit in Gosport. After three years' absence from home, his company played in Terre Haute, and Burton invited his father to come over and see him act. The old man took in the show, and after the last curtain went back on the stage to see his son. Presently the treasurer appeared at the dressing room door and handed Burton his weekly pay envelope. Burton senior saw the figures on the outside and his eyes sparkled.
"You don't mean to tell me you get that much every week, do you?" exclaimed the old gentleman.
"That's right," Burton replied, modestly
"Well, what other chores do you have to do besides actin'?" the old man asked.—Harper's Weekly." 
Burton was known on the stage for his portrayal of rural Americans and would return to his family farm in Gosport every summer to reacquaint himself with the land. In 1913 Burton along with Sydney Shields starred in “Reckless Age”, a play produced by Cecil B. De Mille shortly before he switched to film. He appeared in over 120 films between 1914 and 1944, mostly playing supporting and bit parts.

</doc>
<doc id="18412825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412825" title="St. Clairsville Historic District">
St. Clairsville Historic District

The St. Clairsville Historic District is located in downtown St. Clairsville, Ohio, United States. The historic district contains buildings built during the Victorian era. The Belmont County Courthouse, St. Clairsville Municipal Building, and the Clarendon Hotel are some of the most notable buildings in the district. The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on 1994-03-17.

</doc>
<doc id="18412839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412839" title="Kleyr Vieira dos Santos">
Kleyr Vieira dos Santos

Kleyr Vieira dos Santos (born 14 September 1980 in Rio Branco), simply Kleyr, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays Rio Branco Football Club as a striker.

</doc>
<doc id="18412840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412840" title="Nikora">
Nikora

Nikora is a village in Bharuch district in the state of Gujarat in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18412841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412841" title="Stability of the Solar System">
Stability of the Solar System

The stability of the Solar System is a subject of much inquiry in astronomy. Though the planets have been stable historically, and will be in the short term, their weak gravitational effects on one another can add up in unpredictable ways.
For this reason (among others) the Solar System is stated to be chaotic, and even the most precise long-term models for the orbital motion of the Solar System are not valid over more than a few tens of millions of years.
The Solar System is stable in human terms, in that none of the planets will collide with each other or be ejected from the system in the next few billion years, and the Earth's orbit will be relatively stable.
Since Newton's law of gravitation (1687), mathematicians and astronomers (such as Laplace, Lagrange, Gauss, Poincaré, Kolmogorov, Vladimir Arnold and Jürgen Moser) have searched for evidence for the stability of the planetary motions, and this quest led to many mathematical developments, and several successive 'proofs' of stability for the Solar System.
Overview and challenges.
The orbits of the planets are open to long-term variations, and modeling the Solar System is subject to the "n"-body problem.
Resonance.
Resonance happens when any two periods have a simple numerical ratio. The most fundamental period for an object in the Solar System is its orbital period, and orbital resonances pervade the Solar System. In 1867, the American astronomer Daniel Kirkwood noticed that asteroids in the asteroid belt are not randomly distributed. There were distinct gaps in the belt at locations that corresponded to resonances with Jupiter. For example, there were no asteroids at the 3:1 resonance – a distance of 2.5 AU – or at the 2:1 resonance at 3.3 AU (AU is the astronomical unit, or essentially the distance from sun to earth).
Another common form of resonance in the Solar System is spin–orbit resonance, where the period of spin (the time it takes the planet or moon to rotate once about its axis) has a simple numerical relationship with its orbital period. An example is our own Moon, which is in a 1:1 spin–orbit resonance that keeps the far side of the Moon away from the Earth.
Predictability.
The planets' orbits are chaotic over longer timescales, such that the whole Solar System possesses a Lyapunov time in the range of 2–230 million years. In all cases this means that the position of a planet along its orbit ultimately becomes impossible to predict with any certainty (so, for example, the timing of winter and summer become uncertain), but in some cases the orbits themselves may change dramatically. Such chaos manifests most strongly as changes in eccentricity, with some planets' orbits becoming significantly more—or less—elliptical.
In calculation, the unknowns include asteroids, the solar quadrupole moment, mass loss from the Sun through radiation and solar wind, and drag of solar wind on planetary magnetospheres, galactic tidal forces, the fractional effect, and effects from passing stars. 
Furthermore, the equations of motion describe a process that is inherently serial, so there is little gain from massively parallel computers.
Scenarios.
Neptune–Pluto resonance.
The Neptune–Pluto system lies in a 3:2 orbital resonance. C. J. Cohen and E. C. Hubbard at the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division discovered this in 1965. Although the resonance itself will remain stable in the short term, it becomes impossible to predict the position of Pluto with any degree of accuracy, as the uncertainty in the position grows by a factor e with each Lyapunov time, which for Pluto is 10–20 million years (the Lyapunov time) into the future.
Thus, on the time scale of hundreds of millions of years Pluto's orbital phase becomes un-knowable, even if Pluto's orbit appears to be perfectly stable on 10 Gyr time scales (Ito and Tanikawa 2002, MNRAS).
Jovian moon resonance.
Jupiter's moon Io has an orbital period of 1.769 days, nearly half that of the next satellite Europa (3.551 days). They are said to be in a 2:1 orbit-orbit resonance. This particular resonance has important consequences because Europa's gravity perturbs the orbit of Io. As Io moves closer to Jupiter and then further away in the course of an orbit, it experiences significant tidal stresses resulting in active volcanoes, which Voyager observed.
Europa is also in a 2:1 resonance with the next satellite Ganymede.
Mercury–Jupiter 1:1 resonance.
The planet Mercury is especially susceptible to Jupiter's influence because of a small celestial coincidence: Mercury's perihelion, the point where it gets closest to the Sun, precesses at a rate of about 1.5 degrees every 1000 years, and Jupiter's perihelion precesses only a little slower. At one point, the two may fall into sync, at which time Jupiter's constant gravitational tugs could accumulate and pull Mercury off course.
This could eject it from the Solar System altogether or send it on a collision course with Venus or Earth.
Chaos from geological processes.
Another example is Earth's axial tilt which, due to friction raised within Earth's mantle by tidal interactions with the Moon (see below), will be rendered chaotic at some point between 1.5 and 4.5 billion years from now.
Studies.
LONGSTOP.
Project LONGSTOP (Long-term Gravitational Study of the Outer Planets) was a 1982 international consortium of Solar System dynamicists led by Archie Roy. It involved creation of a model on a supercomputer, integrating the orbits of (only) the outer planets. Its results revealed several curious exchanges of energy between the outer planets, but no signs of gross instability.
Digital Orrery.
Another project involved constructing the Digital Orrery by Gerry Sussman and his MIT group in 1988. The group used a supercomputer to integrate the orbits of the outer planets over 845 million years (some 20 per cent of the age of the Solar System). In 1988, Sussman and Wisdom found data using the Orrery which revealed that Pluto's orbit shows signs of chaos, due in part to its peculiar resonance with Neptune.
If Pluto's orbit is chaotic, then technically the whole Solar System is chaotic, because each body, even one as small as Pluto, affects the others to some extent through gravitational interactions.
Laskar #1.
In 1989, Jacques Laskar of the Bureau des Longitudes in Paris published the results of his numerical integration of the Solar System over 200 million years. These were not the full equations of motion, but rather averaged equations along the lines of those used by Laplace. Laskar's work showed that the Earth's orbit (as well as the orbits of all the inner planets) is chaotic and that an error as small as 15 metres in measuring the position of the Earth today would make it impossible to predict where the Earth would be in its orbit in just over 100 million years' time.
Laskar & Gastineau.
Jacques Laskar and his colleague Mickaël Gastineau in 2009 took a more thorough approach by directly simulating 2500 possible futures. Each of the 2500 cases has slightly different initial conditions: Mercury's position varies by about 1 metre between one simulation and the next. In 20 cases, Mercury goes into a dangerous orbit and often ends up colliding with Venus or plunging into the Sun. Moving in such a warped orbit, Mercury's gravity is more likely to shake other planets out of their settled paths: in one simulated case its perturbations send Mars heading towards Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="18412846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412846" title="WKJK">
WKJK

WKJK (1080 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Louisville, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Louisville area. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications and features programing from ABC Radio, CBS Radio and Premiere Radio Networks.
History.
For most of its early years,the station was known as WKLO owned by Dayton, Ohio-based Great Trails Broadcasting which also owned several other Top 40 outlets in Ohio including WING, WIZE, WCOL (AM), WCOL-FM (also known as 92X WXGT throughout most of the 1980s) and WGTZ. WKLO provided competition to the original WAKY-790 (now WKRD (AM).) In 1979 it became WKJJ-AM, a 24/7 delayed broadcast of its FM sister WKJJ-FM (99.7 FM), which is now WDJX. Afterward it became WCII with several formats, most notably country. The station was assigned the call letters WWSN on 1993-05-15. On 1993-10-15, the station changed its call sign to WDJX; on 1994-10-31 to WRES; on 1995-07-17 to WHKM, and on 1996-09-27 to the current WKJK.
Programming.
WKJK's weekly lineup includes "The Wall Street Journal This Morning", "The Leach Report", "Kentucky Sports Radio" (a local program dedicated to University of Kentucky sports), "The Dave Ramsey Show" (partly live, and partly tape-delayed), and "The Sean Hannity Show" (on a one-hour delay).
As a sister station of WHAS, it is a secondary home for University of Kentucky sports; it carries women's basketball and baseball games.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412851" title="Nehanda TV">
Nehanda TV

Nehanda TV is a division of Nehanda Media Ltd, the owners of Nehanda Radio. 
The website was set up to promote Zimbabwean videos on the internet. Several of the videos are on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="18412852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412852" title="WKKQ">
WKKQ

WKKQ (96.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format., licensed to Barbourville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Barbourville Community Broadcasting Co., Inc. and includes programing from Fox News Radio, Premiere Radio Networks and Westwood One.
History.
The station went on the air as WYWY-FM on March 30, 1979. On November 10, 2000, the station changed its call sign to the current WKKQ.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412856" title="WKKS (AM)">
WKKS (AM)

WKKS (1570 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. It is licensed to Vanceburg, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Brown Communications, Inc.
WKKS 1570 AM plays classic country from the 60's through the early 90's. Common played stars include Ronnie Milsap, Waylon Jennings, Willy Nelson, Johnny Cash, Merle Haggard, Dan Seals, George Jones, Don williams, Belamey Brothers, and many other hits throughout that time period. The station focus is on country from the past and no newly released songs can be found there.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412860" title="Gliese 445">
Gliese 445

Gliese 445 (Gl 445) is an M-type main sequence star in the constellation of Camelopardalis, close to Polaris. It is currently 17.6 light-years from the Sun and has an apparent magnitude of 10.8. It is visible from north of the Tropic of Cancer all night long, but not to the naked eye. Because the star is a red dwarf with a mass only a quarter to a third of that of our Sun, scientists do not believe that its solar system can support life. Gliese 445 is also a known X-ray source.
Voyager 1.
The star is notable because the "Voyager 1" probe will pass within 1.6 light years of it in about 40,000 years, when Gliese 445 makes a close pass by our solar system (see below).
Solar encounter.
While the Voyager probe flies through space slowly closing on Gliese 445, the star is rapidly approaching the Sun. At the time the probe passes Gliese 445, the star will be about 1.059 parsecs (3.45 light-years) from the Sun, but with less than half the brightness necessary to be seen with the naked eye. But the dwarf star will still be further away than other stars have achieved.

</doc>
<doc id="18412869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412869" title="Roane">
Roane

Roane is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18412875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412875" title="Bairn">
Bairn

Bairn is Scots, Scottish English, and Northern English for a child. It originated in Old English as "bearn", becoming chiefly Scottish circa 1700.
Cain bairns are children seized by witches and warlocks as tribute for the devil.
Examples of use.
Examples of the term's use include the phrase "Jock Tamson's Bairns" as an idiomatic expression of egalitarian sentiment and the title of the 19th century Geordie folk song "Come Geordie ha'd the bairn." "Baloo Baleerie", a traditional Scottish lullaby, incorporates the term repeatedly, as does "The Great Silkie of Sule Skerry", a traditional folk song from Orkney.
The UK named one of their Second World War coastal tankers the "SS Empire Bairn".

</doc>
<doc id="18412877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412877" title="Annelies">
Annelies

Annelies is a full-length choral work based on the "Diary of Anne Frank". The music is by British composer James Whitbourn and the libretto is compiled from the diary by Melanie Challenger.
Movements from "Annelies" were first performed at the National UK Holocaust Memorial Day in Westminster Hall, London on 27 January 2005. The World Premiere of the full work followed in April 2005 at the Cadogan Hall, London, conducted by Leonard Slatkin with the Choir of Clare College Cambridge and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.
The US Premiere was presented in April 2007 at Westminster Choir College, Princeton NJ with Lynn Eustis (soprano) under James Jordan, with a reduced scoring for soprano, choir and chamber ensemble. The final chamber version calls for an ensemble comprising violin, cello, piano and clarinet and was premiered in The Netherlands on 12 June 2009 with Daniel Hope (violin) and Arianna Zukerman (soprano).
In May, 2012, the piece was recorded for Naxos Records by the Westminster Williamson Voices under the direction of James Jordan with Soprano, Arianna Zukerman, the Lincoln Trio, and Clarinetist, Bharat Chandra. The recording was nominated for the 2014 Grammy for Best Choral Performance.

</doc>
<doc id="18412883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412883" title="2008 California wildfires">
2008 California wildfires

2008 California wildfires may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18412885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412885" title="WKKS-FM">
WKKS-FM

WKKS-FM (104.9 FM is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format. Licensed to Vanceburg, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Brown Communications, Inc..
History.
The station went on the air as WITD on 1981-12-07. on 1982-07-16, the station changed its call sign to the current WKKS . 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412924" title="List of free content licenses">
List of free content licenses

Software licenses.
Some free software licenses, including the GNU General Public License and European Union Public Licence, can also be used to license free content, although the FSF has recommended against using the GPL for educational works.

</doc>
<doc id="18412925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412925" title="WKLW-FM">
WKLW-FM

WKLW-FM (94.7 FM) is a radio station that was founded in 1992. It broadcasts in the Hot Adult Contemporary format. It is licensed to Paintsville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by B & G Broadcasting, Inc. and features programming by Dial Global. The station broadcasts on HD radio. online via Official Stream Page, TuneIn also on Apple and Android mobile devices.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412926" title="Elwin Bay diatreme">
Elwin Bay diatreme

The Elwin Bay diatreme, also called the Elwin Bay kimberlite, is a small post-Silurian diatreme located approximately south of Elwin Bay at the eastern margin of Somerset Island, Nunavut, Canada. It has a diameter of .

</doc>
<doc id="18412931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412931" title="William Henry Corfield (politician)">
William Henry Corfield (politician)

William Henry Corfield (1843–1927) was a politician in the Australian state of Queensland.
Born in Somerset, England, he migrated to Queensland in 1862, and engaged in numerous business interests. At the 1888 elections, he was returned unopposed for the Legislative Assembly seat of Gregory in western Queensland in support of Thomas McIlwraith, a conservative, and held it at the 1893 and 1896 elections against a growing Labour vote. At a time when party politics were still fairly fluid in Queensland, he strongly advocated for the interests of his own electorate even when it conflicted with the conservative parliamentary bloc's policies. He opposed the 1891 strikes as a "revolution against the state", and was a consistent advocate of Federation. He retired from the seat in 1898, and died in Brisbane, Queensland, on 1 September 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="18412933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412933" title="WKLX">
WKLX

WKLX (100.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Hits format. Licensed to Brownsville, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Bowling Green area. The station is currently owned by Charles M. Anderson and features programing from Commonwealth Broadcasting.
History.
The station went on the air as WAUE on 1997-06-01. on 1998-07-10, the station changed its call sign to the current WKLX.
Translators.
In addition to the main station, WKLX is relayed by an additional translator to widen its broadcast area.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18412937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412937" title="Behind the Lines (book)">
Behind the Lines (book)

Behind The Lines, published in 2005 by Scribner is a book compiled by Andrew Carroll, the editor of three New York Times bestsellers, consisting of letters written by soldiers during the wars in American history, correspondences by their civilian families, and Carroll's search to find them. (and commentary on the letters) The book differs from the majority of other books regarding American wars as the letters, dating from the American Revolutionary War to the present War in Iraq, Include letters by foreign soldiers, instead of only Americans, reducing the amount of American bias. Also instead of merely focusing on the wars, Carroll also includes some letters which can be considered humorous (such as one where a soldier -who hated writing letters- just wrote a couple lines at the top and bottom of the page and added "P.S. they may censor this" so his parents would think the military had erased most of the letter), that tell the reader about the men who fought, and sometimes died, instead of just the wars that they fought in. 
An audio version was released by Simon & Schuster Audio.
Additional information.
For more information on this book visit [http://www.simonsays.com/content/book.cfm?tab=1&pid=520813&er=9780743256179]

</doc>
<doc id="18412940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412940" title="William Henry Corfield (hygienist)">
William Henry Corfield (hygienist)

William Henry Corfield (14 December 1843 – 26 August 1903) was an English hygienist. Appointed Professor of Hygiene and Public Health at University College London in 1869., Corfield revolutionised hygiene and household sanitation in Victorian England.
Life.
William Henry Corfield went to Cheltenham Grammar School and pursued an amazing academic career, going to Magdalen College, Oxford, where he matriculated on 12 October 1861 at the age of 17.
He was chosen to accompany Professor Daubeny on an examination of the volcanoes in Montbrison in France and then took up the Sheppard Medical Fellowship at Pembroke College, Oxford. He also won the Radcliffe Travelling Fellowship which enabled him to visit academic institutions in Europe where he became interested in hygiene and sanitary sciences. 
In Paris he studied under Behier, See, Hardy and other eminent men of the times, as well as attending Bourchardat's lectures on hygiene. He then went to Lyon to work on clinical medicine, surgery and also made a special study of the remains of the aqueducts of ancient Lugdunum (Lyon), also visiting medical schools in Italy and Sicily.
In London he studied at University College Hospital and in 1868 was appointed examiner for Honours Science at Oxford University. The following year he was appointed Professor of Hygiene and Public Health at University College, London, a position he held until his death. He established the first hygiene laboratory in London in 1875 and a museum of practical hygiene in London in 1876. In 1869 he was elected onto a committee appointed by the British Association for the Advancement of Science to report on the treatment and utilisation of sewage. For six years he was reporter to the committee which was to greatly influence subsequent progress in sanitary science.
At the request of the committee Corfield prepared "A Digest of Facts relating to the Treatment and Utilisation of Sewage" which was published in 1870. This embodied a vast amount of original research and was in no sense a committee report.
In November 1871, Edward, Prince of Wales, who was later to become King Edward VII, contracted typhoid fever while he was staying at Londesborough Lodge, Scarborough; Lord Chesterfield, a fellow guest dying of the disease.
This brought to public attention the subject of house sanitation and Corfield, at the request of Lord Londesborough, examined the house describing it in a letter to the Times newspaper, 22 January 1872. Later Corfield said, in a discussion on preventing enteric fever at the Royal Medical and Chirurgical Society: "On going through my original notes I have been forced to the conclusion that it was not a case in which the disease was conveyed by sewer air, because the persons who were most in the house did not get it." 
As a result of his success in diagnosing the causes of the illnesses Corfield enjoyed a large consulting practice for private and public buildings.
At his death Corfield was President of the Epidemiological Society, Past President of the Society of Medical Officers of Health, and Vice-President of the Sanitary Institute. He was Honorary Corresponding Member of the Royal Academy of Medicine in Belgium, the Imperial Society of Medicine in Constantinople, and the Italian Royal Society of Hygiene. He was an Honorary Member of the French Society of Hygiene and the Hungarian Society of Public Health and a Fellow of the Medical Society of Sweden.
He was a collector of rare books and a keen fisherman. 
He died in Sweden whilst on a fishing holiday although he had been suffering for some time from dyspepsia and diarrhoea.

</doc>
<doc id="18412948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412948" title="Pedzisai Ruhanya">
Pedzisai Ruhanya

Pedzisai Ruhanya is a former News Editor for banned Zimbabwean independent newspaper "Daily News". He is a former President of the Harare Polytechnic Students Representative Council serving with people including Lance Guma, Alec Magama and Sibanengi Dubes. Ruhanya is the Programmes Manager for the Crisis in Zimbabwe Coalition. In 2008 he was awarded a Humphrey Fellowship by the University of Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="18412952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412952" title="Bob That Head">
Bob That Head

"Bob That Head" is a song recorded by American country music group Rascal Flatts. It was written by the group's lead vocalist Gary LeVox, along with Neil Thrasher and Michael Dulaney. It was released in July 2008 as the fourth single from their album "Still Feels Good". With a country peak of number 15 in late 2008, the song was the band's first official single of their career not to reach Top Ten.
Content.
The song is an up-tempo rock-influenced song, accompanied by electric guitar and banjo, describing a male character who has saved up for expensive stereo equipment to place in his truck, so he can drive around town and "bob that head every Friday night" while playing his music loudly. The verses are largely spoken-word.
Rascal Flatts debuted the song in April 2008 at the CMT Music Awards. Before the performance, the group held a contest, asking for fans to submit videos of themselves "bobbing their heads" while singing the song's chorus. Videos were then selected from those submitted, and aired on video monitors behind the group as they performed the song at the awards show. Rascal Flatts also named its 2008 tour the Bob That Head Tour.
Reception.
The song was met with mixed reception. Jim Malec of The 9513, in his review of the album "Still Feels Good", referred to "Bob That Head" as a "nonsensical up-tempo" that was "thrown into the mix" of an album that he otherwise described as "vanilla". Singer Billy Joe Shaver, in an interview for the same website, stated that the song's title reminded him of an act of fellatio. In his review of the album, "Rolling Stone" reviewer Rob Sheffield said of the song, "don't get the wrong idea from that title — it's a song about a truck". Ken Tucker of "Billboard" said that the song "is likely to become a Friday night cruising favorite".
Music video.
The music video for "Bob That Head" was directed by Shaun Silva, and was created from assorted clips shot by fans at two performances in 2008 during the Bob that Head tour. Fans were given "fan cams" and pulled up on stage to shoot the videos. The video made its debut on October 9, 2008, after the single had peaked and after the release of their next single, "Here".
Chart performance.
"Bob That Head" reached its peak position at number 15 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts for the week of September 13, 2008. It became the first official country single of Rascal Flatts' career to miss the Top Ten on the country charts. It is also the first single of their career not to enter the Billboard Hot 100 charts, although it peaked at number 2 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="18412958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412958" title="Galeops">
Galeops

Galeops is an extinct genus of therapsid, 
Galeops was the first dromasaur to be identified as an herbivore, due to the propalinal movement evident in the jaws.

</doc>
<doc id="18412974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412974" title="Scott Sidney">
Scott Sidney

Scott Sidney (1872 – 20 July 1928), was an American film director. He directed 117 films between 1913 and 1927.
He died in London, England, United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18412977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412977" title="Galepus">
Galepus

Galepus is an extinct genus of anomodont therapsid.

</doc>
<doc id="18412978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412978" title="Canadian Human Rights Commission free speech controversy">
Canadian Human Rights Commission free speech controversy

The Canadian Human Rights Commission free speech controversy refers to debates that have arisen over Section 13(1) of the Canadian Human Rights Act and the interpretation and application of it by the Canadian Human Rights Commission.
Parliament enacted section 13(1) in 1977, as part of the "Canadian Human Rights Act". In 1990, an individual challenged the constitutionality of s. 13(1) as it applied to telephone communications, arguing that the provision infringed the guarantee of freedom of expression set out in section 2 of the "Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms." By a 4-3 split decision, the Supreme Court of Canada held that s. 13(1) was constitutional. The Court agreed that the provision infringed the guarantee of freedom of expression, but that the prohibition on hate speech was a justifiable limitation under section 1 of the Charter. However, since that decision, Parliament has expanded the scope of s. 13(1) in two ways: by applying it to telecommunications over the internet, and by adding a penalty for breaches of s. 13(1). These expansions of the provision have raised questions about the continued constitutionality of s. 13(1).
Some high-profile cases under s. 13(1) have also raised questions about the public policy rationale for s. 13(1), and whether it is an acceptable restriction on freedom of expression in Canada. There has also been one case where the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal held that the changes to s. 13(1) meant that it was no longer constitutional under the analysis set out by the Supreme Court in "Taylor" and was inoperative. However, on review, the Federal Court of Canada held that while the new penalty provision could not be justified under "Taylor", the rest of s. 13(1) continued to be in force. In a related development, on February 27, 2013, the Supreme Court of Canada gave its decision in "Saskatchewan (Human Rights Commission) v. Whatcott". Unlike "Taylor", the Supreme Court's decision in "Whatcott" was unanimous.
Section 13(1) of the Canadian Human Rights Act.
The controversy regarding the CHRC's practices comes from its enforcement of Section 13(1) of the Canadian Human Rights Act, prior to its repeal, which stated that it is discriminatory to communicate by phone or Internet any material "that is likely to expose a person or persons to hatred or contempt." Critics claim that CHRC adjudicators have limited legal training and poor investigative resources and allege that, as a result, the power of section 13(1) was used for nuisance cases that would be tossed out if they were adjudicated within the judicial system.
Liberal MP Keith Martin has proposed a private member's bill in Parliament to rescind section 13(1) of the Canadian Human Rights Act, upon which federal HRC hate speech cases are based. Martin described the legal test of "likely to expose" as "a hole you could drive a Mack truck through," and said it is being applied by "rogue commissions where a small number of people determining what Canadians can and can't say." Martin also asserted that some of history's most important ideas "were originally deemed to be sacrilegious and certainly in opposition to conventional wisdom. Who's to say that a commission cannot rule those ideas out of order and penalize people for saying or thinking them?"
Irwin Cotler, a Canadian human rights scholar and former minister of justice, (who has expressed support for prohibitions on the incitement of hate and genocide), floated (but did not endorse) the idea that section 13(1) cases should require the authorization of the Attorney-General, which is the requirement for criminal prosecutions for inciting violence or promoting hatred.
Criticism.
Alan Borovoy, general counsel for the Canadian Civil Liberties Association, has also criticized Section 13(1). He cited an example of the book "Hitler's Willing Executioners", which alleges the complicity of German civilians in the Holocaust, and said that the thesis is arguably "likely to expose" German people to contempt, and therefore be a violation of Section 13(1).
Borovoy also noted that under Section 13(1), "Intent is not a requirement, and truth and reasonable belief in the truth is no defence." He has said that when he and other human rights activists advocated the creation of human rights commissions they "never imagined that they might ultimately be used against freedom of speech" and that censorship was not the role he had envisioned for the commissions.
Borovoy further added that:
"Although it's true that they have nailed some genuine hatemongers with it, it has nevertheless been used or threatened to be used against a wide variety of constituencies who don't bear the slightest resemblance to the kind of hatemongers that were originally envisioned: anti-American protesters, French-Canadian nationalists, a film sympathetic to South Africa's Nelson Mandela, a pro-Zionist book, a Jewish community leader, Salman Rushdie's Satanic Verses, and even a couple years ago, a pro-Israeli speaker was briefed about the anti-hate law by a police detective before he went in to make a speech."
Borovoy commented that none of these cases resulted in a lasting conviction or property seizure "But only lawyers could be consoled by that."
Although supportive of restrictions on extreme forms of speech, Lawyer David Matas has also criticized Canada's Human rights commissions. In a 2008 report to the Moon Report on Internet hate speech, Matas charged that Canada's human rights commissions have demonstrated "a disastrous combination of investigative zeal and substantive ignorance."
Linguist and analytic philosopher Noam Chomsky has said about the section, "I think it's outrageous, like the comparable European laws. It's also pure hypocrisy. If it were applied the media and journals would be shut down. They don't expose current enemies of the state to hatred or contempt?"
White supremacists James Scott Richardson and Alex Kulbashian, who ran a racist website called "Canadian Ethnic Cleansing Team," are currently challenging the constitutionality of section 13(1) of the Canadian Human Rights Act. Other white supremacists such as Marc Lemire and Paul Fromm have also criticised the constitutionality of the CHRC. Lemire (with the qualified support of PEN Canada and the Canadian Civil Liberties Association, among others) has won the right to cross-examine HRC investigators concerning their conduct during investigations, namely their posting of provocative racist comments on websites. Jonathan Kay, of the "National Post", opined that the HRC had "managed a seemingly impossible task: They've found a way to rehabilitate the image of neo-Nazis, transforming them from odious dirtbags into principled free-speech martyrs."
Mary Agnes Welch, president of the Canadian Association of Journalists stated that Human rights commissions "were never meant to act as language nannies. The current system allows complainants to chill the speech of those they disagree with by entangling targets in a human rights bureaucracy that doesn't have to operate under the same strict rules of defence as a court." Syed Soharwardy, the founder of the Islamic Supreme Council of Canada who filed a complaint with the Alberta Human Rights Commission against Ezra Levant for republication of Danish cartoons depicting Muhammad, later dropped the complaint and changed his mind about the value of using Canada's human rights commissions to prosecute 'hate speech'. Fred Henry, Catholic Bishop of Alberta, has argued that the HRCs are used to stifle debate on important issues.
In a press conference on October 2, 2008, Tarek Fatah, a founder of the Muslim Canadian Congress, stated that the Ontario Human Rights Commission (OHRC) has been "infiltrated by Islamists" and that some of its commissioners are closely linked to the Canadian Islamic Congress and the Canadian Arab Federation, both of which, according to Fatah, have "contempt for Canadian values."
Criticism from The National Post.
In June 2008, the National Post published an editorial which harshly criticized Canada's Human Rights Commissions (HRCs). The Post writes that "It is increasingly obvious these commissions were set up deliberately to lower the standard of proof and get around rules of natural justice, thereby ensuring people who would never be convicted in court are punished to the satisfaction of the activists and special interest groups that hover around the tribunals."
The Post criticized the procedures and structure of HRC hearings, citing a number of specific problems:
Support for the Human Rights Commissions.
Several leading lawyers and academics support restrictions on hate speech through human rights legislation. In 2008, law professor Jane Bailey published an Op Ed "Democracy suffers when equality is threatened" (Ottawa Citizen, December 11, 2008). She noted that " Section 13 places Canada at the forefront of democratic nations in addressing hate propaganda by treating it as a practice of inequality, a mechanism for perpetuating myths, stereotypes and calls for violence that are fundamentally inconsistent with the goal of ensuring that all of us are able to reach our potential and live the life of our own choosing regardless of personal characteristics such as race, religion and sexual identity."
Prominent supporters of hate speech laws include the Canadian Jewish Congress and several Muslim community groups. Haroon Siddiqi of the Toronto Star, former Justice Minister and MP for Mont-Royal Irwin Cotler ("The Principles of Free Expression"), lawyer David Matas (author of "Bloody Words"), and Toronto lawyer Mark Freiman all support prohibitions against extreme forms of speech. 
At the Niagara-on-the-Lake conference of the Canadian Association of Statutory Human Rights Agencies in June 2008, Pearl Eliadis, a prominent human rights lawyer, defended the HRC's current mandate. Responding to Alan Borovoy's concern that he never expected they would be used against the free expression of opinion, Eliadis stated that what Borovoy thought 40 years ago should not determine the current state of human rights law. She also argued that arguments against human rights commissions dealing with complaints against media are premised on the notion that "new rights are bad rights." She added that the commissions are "strategically and uncomfortably poised" in "dynamic tension" among NGOs, government, voters, industry and other influences."
Eliadis stated in a subsequent interview, that:
"There's a narrow band of intolerant bigots out there who are jumping on to this bandwagon and are using this debate to propagate particularly hateful views. What the free speech absolutists are saying is that, once you take that core element of speech and transport it into mass media, suddenly it becomes immune. I don't understand why speech should be immune from discrimination law. The media should not enjoy more rights or immunity than anyone else."
Wahida Valiante, national vice-president of the Canadian Islamic Congress, stated that the commissions are the only recourse available to minorities treated unfairly in the media since membership in press councils is optional and criminal hate speech charges require the consent of the federal Attorney-General.
In January 2010 the Canadian Bar Association released a statement which supported "retaining section 13 as a useful tool." However, it also called for the adoption of several recommendations for improving the Act "to ensure that the efficacy of this protection is not only enhanced but also accords with other fundamental human rights values," including the repealing of certain penalty provisions and "empowering the CHRC to dismiss at an early stage complaints that lack merit or have no reasonable chance for success."
Statement on Freedom of Speech by CHRC Investigator Dean Steacy.
In an exchange during the Marc Lemire case, lead CHRC investigator Dean Steacy was asked "What value do you give freedom of speech when you investigate?" Steacy responded:
In the same transcript, Mr. Steacy later repeated that "freedom of speech is an American concept, it is not a Canadian concept" but added that a person stating that they were protected by "freedom of speech," would be equivalent "to somebody raising a 'freedom of expression' concept," which Mr. Steacy stated was protected under Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms "to a point." He later added that "you don't have the right to say absolutely anything you desire, especially when it's in written format."
Jonathan Kay of the National Post criticized Steacy's remarks, stating that: "for an organization that is supposed to promote "human rights," the HRC's agents seem curiously oblivious to basic aspects of constitutional law." He added that, in Mr. Steacy's mind, "Section 2 has been excised from his copy of the Canadian Charter of Rights. Kay also stated that "someone lacking such basic general knowledge apparently occupies a senior position in the "Human Rights Commission" is cause for serious concern, and certainly an audit of the whole CHRC apparatus."
Senator Doug Finley later criticized Steacy, stating that "He actually said that. The Canadian Human Rights Commission actually admits they do not give free speech any value. That is totally unacceptable. Freedom of speech is the great non-partisan principle that every Member of Parliament can agree on — that every Canadian can agree on." He also called on the Canadian Senate to "reaffirm that freedom of speech is a great Canadian principle that goes back hundreds of years."
Writing in "The Lawyers Weekly" in October 2011, Toronto lawyer Omar Ha-Redeye cited Steacy's statement to support his view "Restrictions on freedom of expression are acceptable in Canadian law where reasonable goals toward promoting democracy are identified."
Recent cases.
Marc Lemire.
When investigating Marc Lemire's website, HRC investigators were alleged to have tapped into the secured wi-fi router of a 26-year-old Ottawa woman who lived near the commission's headquarters in order to avoid revealing the commission's IP address. Marc Lemire has filed criminal complaints concerning this issue with the Ottawa Police Service and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP). The office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada conducted an investigation of the allegations, but ultimately the complaint was dismissed.
Shiv Chopra.
In September 2008, Human Rights Tribunal (HRT) adjudicator Pierre Deschamps ruled that Chopra was entitled to $4,000 in damages for "hurt feelings," lost wages, and interest, finding that Chopra was subjected to discriminatory comments, was suspended in retaliation for filing an earlier human rights complaint, and was discriminated against when passed over for a temporary promotion to acting chief of his division. The comments in question occurred on Feb. 9. 1998; Chopra was in the audience when his incoming boss at Health Canada, André Lachance, stated that "he liked visible minorities.” Chopra claimed this was “a racist remark" and a "deeply insensitive racial remark toward visible minority employees of the bureau." Deschamps accepted Chopra's argument, writing that Lachance's remark was “discriminatory against Mr. Chopra as well as individuals … who were non-white” and that Lachance's remark "shows a lack of sensitivity on the part of Dr. Lachance for people whose skin is not white." Deschamps stated that Lachance's remark was "by any standard, racist." Deschamps criticized the "inherent racist nature" of Lachance's comment and stated that Lachance's intent was irrelevant: "The test is, over and above the racial nature of the comment itself, whether or not the person alleging discrimination was offended by the comment." In his ruling, Deschamps ordered that "the Complainant be paid the sum of $4,000 for hurt feelings."
Although the tribunal ruled in favour of Chopra on some points, it also chastised him for "asserting that every manager at Health Canada practises racial discrimination, and for alleging that every appointment in the past 20 years has been discriminatory" and that such sweeping assertions, made "without a proper evidentiary basis," undermine Dr. Chopra's credibility and "have a negative impact on the promotion of human rights." Several other complaints by Dr. Chopra that he was passed over for promotions because of his race were also dismissed. The Tribunal also ruled that "there is no reason for the Tribunal to conclude that systemic discrimination still exists at Health Canada and to order it to take additional measures to address general or systemic issues of discrimination."
Jonathan Kay of the National Post criticized the decision, alleging that Deschamps accepted Chopra's claim without any substantive explanation. Kay argued that the ruling is an "advertisement for why we should be closing down Canada’s human-rights commissions" and "nicely illustrates the absurd lengths to which our society’s elites will now go to demonize Whitey." Kay noted that Chopra alleged discrimination when he was passed over for a promotion, yet he did not have enough experience for the position; the tribunal did not accept Chopra's argument on the point. Kay also noted that one of Chopra's colleagues had complained he was authoritarian and confrontational.
Imam Al-Hayiti.
In December 2008, the Commission refused to look at the case of Imam Abou Hammad Sulaiman al-Hayiti. Al-Hayiti is a Montreal Salafist Muslim who was accused of inciting hatred against homosexuals, Western women, and Jews, in a book he published on the Internet. Al-Hayiti had written that Allah has taught that "If the Jews, Christians, and refuse to answer the call of Islam, and will not pay the jizyah [tax, then it is obligatory for Muslims to fight them if they are able." Christianity, in particular, was denounced as a "religion of lies," which is responsible for the West's "perversity, corruption and adultery." Al-Hayiti's book refers to "the incredible number of gays and lesbians (may Allah curse and destroy them in this life and the next) who sow disorder upon the Earth and who desire to increase their numbers."
In declining to hear the case, the Commission stated that Al-Hayiti was free to make comments against "infidels" because they are not an identifiable group. Regarding Al-Hayiti's statements against groups established as "identifiable," such as homosexuals and Jews, the commission simply stated that these "do not seem" to meet the criteria for promoting hatred.
The Commission's decision not to move forward with the case was criticized in two Canadian newspapers. The National Post argued that Al-Hayiti's statements more than meet the criteria under Section 13 of the Human Rights Act and accused the Commission of selectively applying the Act to Christians and Conservatives who have been prosecuted under the Act for comments that are far less severe. The Post noted that a Christian pastor named Stephen Boissoin, who posted negative remarks about homosexuals, was subsequently ordered by the Alberta Human Rights Commission that he "shall cease publishing in newspapers, by e-mail, on the radio, in public speeches or on the Internet, in future, disparaging remarks about gays and homosexuals." The Post wrote that:
Human rights commissions claim to be agencies that fight "hate" generically. But in fact, they are interested in a very narrow sub-category of alleged hatemonger -- the right-winger accused of homophobia, anti-Muslim bias or some other thoughtcrime. The more unvarnished and explicitly murderous forms of hatred made manifest in the publications of, say, Jew-hating Muslims and Hindu-hating Sikhs are of no interest to the thought police.
The Post concluded by noting that it believes that Al-Hayiti should be allowed to promote any particular interpretation of Islam, or any other religion and that the problem is that the Human Rights Commissions practice a politically correct double standard.
This affair also caused indignation in local Quebec media, with La Presse publishing an editorial criticizing the Commission for its decision. .
Response from the Canadian Human Rights Commission.
In April 2008, three senior officials of the Canadian Human Rights Commission (CHRC) granted a telephone interview with the media to respond to criticism. The officials were Ian Fine, senior general counsel and director-general of dispute resolution, Monette Maillet, director of legal advisory services and Harvey Goldberg, senior policy advisor on hate speech, disability and First Nations issues.
The officials read out loud some of the material the CHRC deals with to prove the seriousness of their mission. Fine defended tha CHRC stating that:
"If you think that we're concerned, upset, from time to time discouraged with some of what we've been hearing and reading in the press, you're right, we are. Because to be quite clear about it, we do believe in what we do. We believe that in our society there should be limits on freedom of expression and freedom of speech, that there is a line, not one that we draw, but one that must be drawn nevertheless. We are comfortable with what we do."
Harvey Goldberg stated that "Freedom of expression is the lifeblood of any free and open society and the commission embraces freedom of expression. I think if you remove all the rhetoric, at the base of the debate that's been going on ... is a centuries-old debate about the appropriate role of the state in limiting freedom of expression in certain precise areas." Regarding the debate about whether Section 13(1) of the Human Rights Act, which makes it an offence to communicate by phone or Internet any message that is "likely to expose a person or persons to hatred or contempt," Goldberg stated that this is "actually the predominant view among most of the states of the world. The view in the United States the right to free speech is near-absolute is really a minority view." Fine also noted that "Just as Parliament has bestowed on the commission the mandate, in fact the obligation, to deal with Section 13 cases, Parliament can take that power away at any time."
Responding to the complaint that respondents are on the hook for their own defence bills, while complainants have their cases argued by the commission, Fine stated that ""We don't set the rules. It's for Parliament to decide whether or not respondents should have the ability to recover costs." As for the fact that the CHRC has a 100% conviction rate for hate speech cases that have reached the tribunal, Maillet argued that this is a testimony to the commission's efficiency, stating that "To me, it is a sign that we have done a good job in screening complaints, and referring those cases to tribunal that have merit."
Responding to the complaint that Richard Warman, a former CHRC employee turned activist who was the complainant in all but two of the 13 hate speech cases decided by the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal, Fine stated that "Anyone can file a complaint, so from our perspective, that's the end of the matter. The tribunal decisions speak for themselves."
When asked about the current investigation of CHRC investigators who apparently hijacked a private citizen's Internet account to access a Web site they were investigating, Fine responded that "We believe that the processes we've employed in these cases are appropriate, and that's about all I think I can say on that issue."
November 2008 Report by Professor Richard Moon.
In 2008, University of Windsor law professor Richard Moon was commissioned by the CHRC to prepare a report on the CHRC's mandate under Section 13 of Canadian Human Rights Act which deals with hate-speech. In November 2008, Moon released his report in which he recommended that Section 13 should be repealed so that online hate speech is a purely criminal matter. Moon wrote that "The use of censorship by the government should be confined to a narrow category of extreme expression -- that which threatens, advocates or justifies violence against the members of an identifiable group." Moon argued that "it's not practical to deal with what one might generously describe as group defamation or stereotyping through censorship. It's just not a viable option. There's too much of it, and it's so pervasive within our public discourse that any kind of censorship is just overwhelming."
Regarding the legal test for violations of Section 13, which is whether messages were "likely to expose" identifiable groups to "hatred or contempt," neither truth nor intent is a defence, unlike libel law. Moon recommended that intent to advocate or justify violence be made a requirement for Section 13, replacing the test of "likely to expose." However, he did not recommend that truth be allowed as a defence since it could result in tribunals becoming forums to debate, for example, the veracity of the Holocaust, the genetic inferiority of blacks, or the dangers of homosexuality."
Prof. Moon noted that the current complainant-driven system is unequal, in that only well-resourced and determined complainants can see their case through to a conclusion. In this, he was referring to Richard Warman, an Ottawa lawyer and former CHRC employee who has brought more than a dozen cases, far more than any other complainant.
Reactions.
Jennifer Lynch, then chief commissioner of the CHRC, stated that Moon's report is "one step in a comprehensive review" and that "we can envision Section 13 being retained with some amendments." Lynch also stated that that "our commission exists to protect Canadians from discrimination and I'm fervently going to uphold this core principle." She added that "we're going to strive to find more effective means to protect Canadians from exposure to hate on the Internet."
Keith Martin, the Liberal MP who first proposed scrapping Section 13 earlier in 2008, called the recommendation "very courageous" and that "Now it's in Parliament's hands to do something to defend one of our true rights, freedom of speech."
Pearl Eliadis, a human rights lawyer and prominent supporter of the CHRC, stated that Moon's statement that Section 13 targets only extreme speech "makes explicit what the courts have already said implicitly." However, she opposed shifting the CHRC's role to focus solely on violence as opposed to hatred. Eliadis arged that "when we deal with genocide and ethnic cleansing cases in other countries, what does the international community say over and over again? We need a warning system. And one of the warnings is incitement to hatred." However, she opposed criminal investigations into hate speech on the basis that people should not be put "in jail for their words."
CHRC appeals for Support.
In August 2009, Jennifer Lynch, then the chief commissioner of the CHRC, told the Canadian Bar Association's annual meeting that opponents of rights bodies have successfully created a "chill" that makes it difficult for anyone to defend those bodies without also becoming a target and asked for those in attendance to write "letters to correct misinformation." Lynch told the CBA that rights commissions represent an important component of the justice system, giving society's "most vulnerable" minority groups access to a mechanism to deal with alleged rights violations. She added that some of the criticisms against the CHRC have been "troubling" and "at times scary," and read out loud a graphic anonymous letter she received stating that she should be shot dead.
Although Lynch did not identify her critics, the National Post noted that she has previously complained about attacks against her by Mark Steyn, political commentator Ezra Levant, and Conservative Member of Parliament Russ Hiebert.
Challenge to Section 13(1).
In the case of Warman v. Lemire, the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal ruled that s. 13(1) infringed the constitutional guarantee of freedom of expression and could not be saved by s. 1 of the Charter. Since the Tribunal did not have the authority to declare sections of the Act which created it invalid, the Tribunal simply declined to apply s. 13(1) in that case. The case is now on appeal to the Federal Court of Canada. If upheld, the precedent established will effectively negate the hate speech provision for future cases. The prohibition of genocide advocacy (s. 318) and the anti-hate speech provision of the Criminal Code (s. 319) are unaffected by this ruling and remain in force.
Repeal.
In June 2012, the House of Commons voted to repeal Section 13(1) of the "Canadian Human Rights Act". On June 26, 2013, Section 13(1) was finally repealed after a vote in the Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="18412988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412988" title="Don Reese">
Don Reese

Donald Francis Reese (September 4, 1951September 18, 2003) was an American football defensive end who played in the National Football League. He played professionally for the Miami Dolphins, the New Orleans Saints and the San Diego Chargers.
Biography.
Reese was born in Mobile, Alabama and graduated from Vigor High School in Prichard, Alabama. He played college football at Jackson State University.
Reese was a 1st round selection (26th overall pick) of the 1974 NFL Draft by the Miami Dolphins. He would go on to play for the Dolphins (1974–1976), the New Orleans Saints (1978–1980), and the San Diego Chargers (1981). In 1985 Reese played for the Birmingham Stallions in the United States Football League.
In June 1982, Reese penned an extensive piece for Sports Illustrated in which he detailed his struggles with cocaine abuse. This was one of the first looks into the seedy world of money and drug use in the NFL. Reese claimed cocaine use among players was rampant and that his team in the 1970s, the New Orleans Saints was a nightmare of addiction including game day travel by plane or bus rife with coke binges. He named several star players in the NFL as serious drug abusers, among them, Saints running back Chuck Muncie.
Reese died in Mobile, Alabama at the age 52 from liver cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18412992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18412992" title="Pouteria australis">
Pouteria australis

Pouteria australis, also known by the synonym Planchonella australis, is a medium to tall rainforest tree of the family Sapotaceae native to Queensland and New South Wales, Australia. It is known by the common name Black Apple, Wild Plum, Yellow buttonwood, Black plum and Yellow bulletwood.
The first European account of the tree is in Captain James Cook's logs of his 1770 exploration of the East coast of Australia. The tree was later described as "Achras australis" by Robert Brown in his 1810 work "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae", before being moved to its current binomial name by Baehni in 1942. The alternate name "Planchonella australis" was coined by Jean Baptiste Louis Pierre in 1890. It belongs to the large genus "Pouteria" which occurs across the tropics from South America to Indonesia and into eastern Australia. A genetic analysis of Internal transcribed spacer RNA material found that "Pouteria australis" was most closely related a pair of species, "Pouteria cotinifolia" and "Pouteria eerwah" - the three forming a distinct group of Australian species within the genus. An older analysis of DNA material placed it as sister taxon with "Pouteria myrsinoides".
"Pouteria australis" grows as a tree reaching a maximum height of 30 metres (100 ft), with a fluted trunk up to 120 cm (48 in) diameter, with rough brown bark. The leaves are simple, measuring 8–16 cm long and 2–5 cm wide, thick and leathery. The upper surface is shiny, lower surface paler green. They taper somewhat at the apex and base, rendering a somewhat diamond-shape. The flowers are generally axillary. Resembling plums in appearance, the edible fruit are 20–50 mm long, purplish or black, containing 3–5 brown and shiny seeds, 2 cm long. They ripen from September to November. The plant bleeds a milky latex when cut or broken.
The species ranges along the eastern coastline of Australia, from Bulburin in Queensland to the Illawarra region of New South Wales. It grows in various types of rainforest, with specimens on the red basalt soil of the MacPherson Range attaining a large size.
"Pouteria australis" is protogynous; that is, the female parts of the tree mature before the male parts, to promote outcrossing. The Green Catbird eats the fruit, and the seeds are eaten by rodents and insects. Scientist Tim Flannery has proposed that the existence of rainforest trees with such large fruit indicates that a large fruit-eating bird (like a cassowary) once existed throughout its range as a propagator.
Fast growing and easy to grow, "Pouteria australis" adapts readily to cultivation, preferring good drainage, as well as moisture, and extra fertilising. It is also tolerant of moderate frosts. It can be used in revegetation projects, and is propagated by seed or cuttings. Black apple fruit is also edible out-of-hand. It has a sweet and fibrous flesh. However, it is also favoured by maggots, which are often found inside. The taste has been reported as variable. Aborigines in the Gosford region are recorded as having eaten the seeds. The tree was originally harvested for its timber by colonialists. The attractively yellow-patterned wood is hard and suitable for making rulers.

</doc>
<doc id="18413002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413002" title="List of Iranian cinematographers">
List of Iranian cinematographers

List of Iranian cinematographers ()

</doc>
<doc id="18413004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413004" title="Deyma River">
Deyma River

The Deyma (; ; ) is a river in Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. It separates from the Pregolya at Gvardeysk, flows through Polessk, and ends at the Curonian Lagoon. The Polessk Canal connects the Deima with the Nemunas.

</doc>
<doc id="18413012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413012" title="Nonplus">
Nonplus


</doc>
<doc id="18413025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413025" title="Israel Open">
Israel Open

The Israel Open is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is organized by the Israel Tennis Center and held annually at the Israel Tennis Center in Ramat HaSharon, Israel, since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18413037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413037" title="Muizz Street">
Muizz Street

Al-Muizz st. ("Shariʻa al-Muizz li-Deen Illah") (30°02′ 48" N 31°15′ 36"E) in Islamic Cairo, Egypt is one of the oldest streets in Cairo, approximately one kilometer long. A United Nations study found it to have the greatest concentration of medieval architectural treasures in the Islamic world. The street ("shariʻa" in Arabic) is named for Al-Muʿizz li-Deen Illah, the fourth caliph of the Fatimid dynasty. It stretches from Bab Al-Futuh in the north to Bab Zuweila in the south. Starting in 1997, the national government carried out extensive renovations to the historical buildings, modern buildings, paving, and sewerage to turn the street into an "open air museum", with work scheduled to be completed in October 2008. On April 24, 2008, Al-Muizz Street was rededicated as a pedestrian only zone between 8:00 am and 11:00 pm; cargo traffic will be allowed outside of these hours. 
Al-Muizz Street is commonly considered to consist of two sections, with the dividing line being Al-Azhar Street. The northern part extends from the Al-Hakim Mosque in the north to the Spice Market at Al-Azhar Street and includes the antiques markets section, Al-Aqmar Mosque (one of the few extant Fatimid mosques), and the Qalawun complex, and several well preserved medieval mansions and palaces. The southern part extends from the Ghuriya complex to the Bab Zuweila and includes the magnificent Tent Market in the Gamaliya district.
Historical Buildings of Muizz Street.
The area around Muizz Street as well as the main street itself contain many historical buildings ranging from the era of Amr Ibn El As to the Tulunid Period, the Fatimitd, Ayyubid, Mamluk, Ottoman over to the Mohamed Ali Era. Seen from the north of the Muizz Street down to the south the following buildings still exist on the street or near it:
- Mosque of Al Hakim bi Amr Allah (1013)
- Wikala of Qaytbay (1481)
- Mausoleum of Ahmad Al-Qazid (1335)
- Wikala of Qawsum (1330)
- Sabil-Kuttab of Oda Bashi (1673)
- Mosque of Abu Bakr Muzhir (1480)
- Mosque of Sulayman Agha al-Silihdar (1839)
- Bayt al-Suhaymi (1648-1796)
- Sabil Qitas (1630)
- Khanqah of Baybar al-Gashankir (1310)
- Mosque of al-Aqmar (1125)
- Madrasa of Qarasunqur (1300)
- Sabil-Kuttab and Wikala of Dhu'l Fiqar (1673)
- Sabil-Kuttab of Abdel Rahman Katkhuda (1744)
- Mosque of Gamal al-Din Ustadar (1407)
- Musafirkhana Palace (1788)
- Qasr Bashtak (1339)
- Madrasa of Amir Mithqal (1363)
- Mosque of Mahmoud Moharram (1792)
- Sabil of Ismail Pasha (1828)
- Madrasa of Al-Kamil Ayyub (1229)
- Madrasa of Barquq (1386)
- Madrasa of Tatar Al-Higaziya (1348)
- Qa'a of Al-Muwaqqi (1350)
- Madrasa of Al-Nasir Muhammad (1304)
- Complex of Qalawun (1285)
- Maq'ad Of Mamay Al-Sayfi (1496)
- Mosque of Taghri Bardi (1440)
- Sabil-Kuttab of Khusraw Pasha (1535)
- Madrasa of Al-Salih Ayyb (1250)
- Sabila-Kuttab Ali Ibn Hayz (1646)
- Wikala of Gamal Al-Din Al-Dhahabi (1637)
- Sabil-Kuttab of Ahmad Pasha (1864)
- Mosque of Sayyidna Al-Husseyn (1154)
- Wikala of Sulayman Agha Al-Silihdar (1838)
The southern part of Muizz Street area after the intersection with Al-Azhar Street contain the following historical buildings:
- Mosque of Al-Ashraf Barsbay (1425)
- Mosque of Shaykh Ali Al-Mutahhar (1744)
- Mosque of Al-Azhar (970)
- Mosque of Abu Dhahab (1774)
- Madrasa of Sultan Al-Ghuri (1505)
- Mausoleum of Sultan Al-Ghuri (1505)
- Wikala of Al-Ghuri (1505)
- Sabil-Kuttab and Wikala of Qaytbay (1477)
- House of Zaynab Khatun (1713)
- House of Sitt Wasila (1664)
- House of Al-Haraw (1731)
- Mosque of Al-Ayni (1411)
- House of Gamal Al-Din Al-Dhahabi (1634)
- Fakahani Mosque (1735)
- Sabil of Tusun Pasha (1820)
- Mosque of Muayyad (1420)
- Wikala and Sabil of Nafisa Bayda (1796)
- Takiya of Al-Gulshani (1524)
- Zawiya of Farag Ibn Barquq (1408)
- Mosque of Salih Tala'i (1160)
Rehabilitation project.
One of the aims of the renovations is to approximate the original appearance of the street. Buildings higher than the level of monuments have been brought down in height and painted an appropriate colour, while the street has been repaved in the original style. 34 monuments along the 

</doc>
<doc id="18413046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413046" title="1899 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1899 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1899 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State Buckeyes in the 1899 college football season. They played all their home games at Ohio Field and were coached by John B. C. Eckstorm. They were the first Buckeyes football team to go undefeated, finishing 9-0-1.

</doc>
<doc id="18413054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413054" title="Krishnanand Rai">
Krishnanand Rai

Mr. Krishnanand Rai was an Indian politician born on 11 December 1955 in Ghazipur district of Uttar Pradesh, India. He served as a Member of Legislative Assembly from 2002 to 2005 representing Mohammadabad Assembly located at Ghazipur district. His first stint at politics was in year 1999 from same assembly seat, which he lost. He was part of right-wing nationalist Bhartiya Janata Party until his death and was seen as one of the powerful members of Bhartiya Janata Party from eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Early Life and Education.
Mr. Rai was born to Lalita Rai and Jagannath Rai in a Hindu family. His birthplace Gondaur, is a small village in Ghazipur district of Uttar Pradesh. The family's means of earning and livelihood was primarily agriculture until he started his career. He was youngest of the three brothers and his early schooling was done at the native village. Being part of joint family, he had strong sense of cohesion and family values. Mr. Rai lost his mother at an early age of one year because of which his upbringing was done by his grandmother. Currently his two elder brothers are at Gondaur and Varanasi. If his elders and family members are to be believed he was coy but very focused and hard working. At the age of 13 he moved to Varanasi to join the Central Hindu School. He along with his elder brothers stayed at a rented house which was also a home to two other families. The place was owned by a religious Mahant. Away from home these were trying times for him and the family. Monetary assistance was very limited throughout their early school days. Except for provisions, which came from their village every month, things of daily use, clothes, stationary etc. were limited. It was hard for them to make ends meet but the hardship brought them together and taught them the importance of hard work and determination. Studies were a huge source of motivation for him and he soon started gaining appreciation from school teachers as he turned out to be a bright student. Being a self groomed man he never lacked any confidence. His determination helped him overcome all the inhibitions and limitations. He was keen to learn every aspect of life and showed utter respect to people who helped him achieve his ambitions.
Mr. Rai attended BHU, when he decided to get into medicine. In his college days, he came across people like Manoj Sinha (B.J.P M.P) and Narendra Nath Singh (Prof B.H.U) who later became his close friends. His college days were tough. He had to battle limited resources on monetary front to keep his studies going. There were times when he had to skip college due to lack of money and that did not go down well with college authorities. He and his family started getting complains from college and finally he decided to call it quits when complains from the college outgrew his interest. There were also series of other incidents like the one at "Lanka" BHU which pulled him further away from college. This was also the time when politics drew some attention but the importance of becoming a bread winner for the family and supporting it led to abeyance of aspirations/plans. His priority forced him to find work instead. These were early years of his struggle and source of all his strength.
Early Career and Politics.
He started his career as a contractor, becoming one of Varanasi's renowned builders. His initial work included government funded roads, bridges etc. but later on he moved towards construction of residential buildings/apartments. His first project in Varanasi was the "Kashiraj Apartments". Later on he completed several other major projects, becoming the pioneer in the field. During that phase, he was accompanied by Mr. K.B Khare and Mr. K. Kapoor (other two renowned builders of Varanasi).
After several ventures, Mr. Rai finally decided to do something that he pined. He kept his aspirations of becoming a politician (doing something for his people) alive and represented Mohammadabad in the Uttar Pradesh Assembly, becoming a key member of the Purvanchal unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Early course of his political career was strewn with hardship. People of the region had apprehensions about an outsider, staying in Varanasi, contesting from their constituency. Mr. Rai was fully aware of the concerns and even considered them legitimate given the fact that people in the area were still haunted by lingering dejection. The social and political climate of the region wasn't favorable enough to instill any confidence in people's life as their way of living and earning remained limited and somewhat dicey. Agriculture was sole means of earning for many. People had to put in extra efforts in order to reap in the benefits of outside world which was much brighter. The least that they expected from their leader was constant support in their socioeconomic structure. They wanted their leader to solve issues caused by red-tape and be with them as a constant guiding force to overcome some of the family and society related issues. Mr. Rai had to put in extra effort to win people's confidence. He toured almost each village and every house to talk to people. He knew, he wouldn't be able to change the world for them in year or two but was more than willing to stand by them. He was aware of the limited resources and the dwindling employment graph of the region but with all these issues in mind he decided to tell people how important it was to realize that any change would require people's will. Society or Nation develops when people work not when policies are made.
He strongly represented the Hindu sentiment and culture. The fact that he belonged to one of the powerful Bhumihar Brahmin castes, increased his influence in politics. His stature and charisma soon gathered respect and admiration from both his party and people of eastern Uttar Pradesh. He entered politics by contesting and winning Mohammadabad Assembly seat in the 2002 elections against Afzal Ansari. He discovered politics to be a way to reward people and was fully aware of the incentive and coercive powers which came along.
He was there to listen to people's problem. A good and honest leader, missed by many.
Economic Inequality In India.
Even though India has achieved remarkable economic growth (a key component required before economic development takes place), its blatant and widening income inequality severely impacts access to education and healthcare. A study published by the World Health Organisation in 2000 concluded that it is the wealthier citizens who benefit most from public healthcare because facilities are generally better in rich areas. As for the poor areas, low wages, long working hours, lack of basic services scuh as first aid, drinking water and sanitation characterize them. Without access to basic amenities, the poverty-reducing impact seems fruitless.
Assassination.
Mr. Rai was murdered on November 29, 2005, while he was visiting his family in his native village.
He was there to attend his nephew's marriage. He was fully aware of the looming death threat and was even warned by Special Task Force officers about hired killers residing at Mukhtar Ansari's residence. The police was under duress not to act. The murder was planned to detail. He was coaxed to inaugurate a cricket match held at Siyari. The people who came to urge were in cahoots with perpetrators and they made sure that he didn't take his bullet proof vehicle and all his guards to the venue. He was ambushed on his way back home. The assailants fired at his convoy with AK 47 rifles, killing seven people on the spot. According to the postmortem report his body was riddled with nearly twenty one bullets one of which was fired from a bolt action rifle that left him immobile and an easy prey for the assailants. Amongst the other dead were his driver and guard who took nearly same amount of iron. His guard, a newly wed at the time, is survived by his wife and a daughter. The driver too is survived by a wife and few children. These were few people who laid their lives on the line of duty and would probably fade away in history. Their children would probably not be able to get all that their fathers had imagined and some even might lay in the arms of utter destitute given their fathers were the only source of income for their respective families.
His body was brought back to the village home and kept along with other six bodies so that the bereaved family could pay their last respect. The following day his body was brought to Varanasi for interment/funeral rite, the place which gave him his identity was finally waiting to embrace him. Along the way several hundred people paid their respect by showering flowers on the truck that carried his body. The city too came to a stand still for one last glance. Varanasi ghats see nearly 40,000 funeral pyres over a year. That day too the holy city saved another little moment to hold one of gods greatest creations.
The killing invited a massive public ire in the region. Senior BJP leaders Atal Bihari Vajpayee, L. K. Advani, Rajnath Singh, Kalyan Singh, Manoj Sinha, etc. demanded CBI inquiry but the government rejected. The government feared indictment in case it went with peoples' demand of CBI probe and it did not yield. It was the rallying out cry of people as well as sheer grit of some of the leaders of B.J.P that compelled the government to take cognizance of the demand. As far as the perpetrators like Mukhtar Ansari are concerned, there are more than 22 criminal cases against him. People feared to report any complain against him
but in the case of Rajendra Rai and Krishnanand Rai named FIRs were registered against Mukhtar and Afzal Ansari. When deputed to investigate the case, Bhajani Ram Meena, police superintendent posted in the district, left the case in middle alleging undue high pressure and he requested to transfer the case to the CBCID. After six months the CBCID too surrendered the case complaining pressure and recommended transfer of the case to the local police. Finding no remedy, the wife of Krishnananda Rai filed a writ in Allahabad High Court demanding a CBI inquiry into the killing of her husband. The Court after hearing the arguments in May 2006 ordered a CBI inquiry. But the Mulayam Singh government went to the Supreme Court against the High Court order. Now the CBI inquiry has begun in this case. Four accused of the case, Mukhtar, Afzal, Jiva and Aijaj, are in the Ghazipur jail.
He is survived by two sons and his wife.
Crime In Uttar Pradesh.
According to the National Crime Records Bureau, Uttar Pradesh has the highest number of crimes among any state in India, but still it is one of the safest states to live in due to high population hence low crime rate. While, Uttar Pradesh appears to be the most crime-infested state as per the NCRB statistics, the same agency, computing the criminality factor of the state (computed on the basis of crime per lakh of population) states that UP is the 'third-most safe' state in the country to live in. However, the value of human development index in Uttar Pradesh has steadily increased over time. As of today, Uttar Pradesh has the second largest Civil police force with 107,840 members, accounting for 9.5% of the total civil police in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18413061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413061" title="Bharatsinh Parmar">
Bharatsinh Parmar

He is a current member of the Rajya Sabha and a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was elected to Rajya Sabha from Gujarat in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18413082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413082" title="Mulhussey">
Mulhussey

Mulhussey () is a village in County Meath, Ireland. It has a school, a castle with accompanying cemetery, a nearby church (or the 'Little Chapel', as it is commonly known) at the edge of the Kilcloon parish in Kilcock, and a religious antiquity, St Bridgid's Well, located in Calgath, a townland of Mulhussey.
History.
Mulhussey's first inhabitants were the Husseys, a noble Norman family in the 13th century AD.
The Lord of Trim at the time sent the Husseys to an area outside Maynooth, which at the time was very important, because of the large Norman castle, owned by the Fitzgeralds of County Kildare.
A tower house and manor was to be built and lived in by the Husseys to look after the land and protect it for the DeLacy family of Trim.
Legend has it that toward the end of the 16th century AD, the last inhabitant of the tower house and manor "or Mulhussey Castle" as it is known today, was a bald lady. The literal translation for Maol Hosae is 'Hussey's Summit', but folklore provides a second translation. Combining the Irish word for bald, and the Irish name for Hussey ("Maol and Hosae") the land protected by the Hussey family was named Maol Hosae, which was anglicised to Mulhussey.
Geography.
Mulhussey is located at the very south of County Meath in the parish of Kilcloon, along with neighbouring townlands Jenkinstown, Longtown, Kimmins Mill, Pagestown, Kilclone, Collistown and Rodanstown. An Post deliver mail to people in Mulhussey from Kilcock post office in Kildare, which leads some people to believe Mulhussey is in Kildare county, but this is for postage convenience only. Mulhussey's closest towns and villages are Kilcock and Maynooth, 6 and 8 kilometres to the south respectively, Dunboyne 16 kilometres to the east, Sumerhill 8 kilometres to the north along with Dunshaughlin 18 kilometres to the north. A tributary of the River Tolka flows through Muhussey and Kilclone townlands.
Sport.
GAA is popular in Mulhussey; with inhabitants eligible to join the local club, Blackhall Gaels GAA. Training grounds are located in Pagestown and Batterstown - both with modernized club houses and gym facilities. The club boasts Gaelic football teams for both gentlemen and ladies, which prove to be more popular among locals - with smaller teams for hurling and camogie also.
Modern Mulhussey.
Mulhussey has experienced an ongoing decline in population since 1991. The Central Statistics office online records state that in 1991, Kilcloon census town had a population of 341, which in 2002 fell to 309 and in 2006 fell again to 281. St Joseph's National School in Mulhussey, (located on the Summerhill road) which was established in 1964, as well as the declining population has experienced a decline in student numbers. Locals fear that if this decline continues, the school which has been a great amenity to the community since its establishment may be shut down. The school website declares 58 pupils attend the school at present with 8 staff members. Mulhussey Castle, or tower house, still stands today on the road from Kilcock.
The Mulhussey Graveyard Restoration Society are currently working on restoring the Mulhussey cemetery beside the castle, which holds the remains of the Hussey family and a ruined church.
Demographics.
Although no official sources state the breakdown of persons living in Mulhussey by religious beliefs, it is generally accepted that the population is almost entirely Roman Catholic with several Church of Ireland children attending the school at the moment.

</doc>
<doc id="18413086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413086" title="Antietam Avenue Bridge">
Antietam Avenue Bridge

The Antietam Avenue Bridge was located where Antietam Avenue passed over the Dequindre Cut (formerly owned by the Grand Trunk Western Railroad) in Detroit, Michigan. It has been demolished due to structural deficiencies and will be reconstructed. The original bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
History.
By the 1920s, there were over 400 industries operating on Detroit's east side. However, the combination of the city's haphazard streetplan, the expansion of large factories, and the substantial network of rail tracks conspired to slow traffic within the city, particularly in the east-west direction. In 1923, the city of Detroit and Grand Trunk Western Railroad began a plan to build 22 grade separations; both parties agreed to share the cost.
One of the tracks to be regraded was the line paralleling St. Aubin. These tracks ran from the northwest, where they connected with a network of other lines, to the southeast, where the tracks turned to parallel the river and supplied a number of large factories, including the Detroit-Michigan Stove Plant, the United States Rubber Company Plant, and the Parke-Davis Laboratories. The tracks terminated at the Brush Street Depot in downtown Detroit.
By March 1930, sixteen of the crossings of what now is known as the "Dequindre Cut" were finished, including the nearby Chestnut Street Bridge. The bridge at Antietam Avenue was completed soon thereafter. In 1964, the Antietam Avenue Bridge and the Chestnut Street Bridge were teamed as a one-way pair. In the 1980s, the railway was abandoned, and ownership changed hands. 
As of 2008, the Dequindre Cut is being turned into a rail trail.
Significance.
The Dequindre Cut is in good condition, and the course of the Cut and how it relates to the street grid is apparent from the Antietam Avenue bridge. The bridge is good evidence of the grade separation effort early in the twentieth century.
However, as of 2008, the bridge has been demolished due to structural deficiencies and will be reconstructed.

</doc>
<doc id="18413091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413091" title="I Told You So (Count Basie album)">
I Told You So (Count Basie album)

I Told You So is a 1976 album recorded at RCA studios, New York City on January 12, 13 and 14 1976 and released in 1976, featuring Count Basie and his orchestra. All the titles were arranged by Bill Holman. Sound engineer was Bob Simpson and the tape editor was Ben Jordan. The producer was Norman Granz.
The disc was issued on the Pablo Records label and marketed by Polydor.
Track listing.
All music composed by Bill Holman unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18413099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413099" title="Illinois Department of Human Services">
Illinois Department of Human Services

The Illinois Department of Human Services is an administrative agency of the U.S. state of Illinois. It is responsible for providing a wide variety of safety net services to Illinois residents in poverty, who are facing other economic challenges, or who have any of a variety of disabilities or health challenges. As of 2006, it was the largest administrative agency of the state of Illinois in terms of state employee headcount, with 14,057 employees.
Divisions.
The following subdepartments are listed alphabetically:

</doc>
<doc id="18413101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413101" title="Bank of the Commonwealth">
Bank of the Commonwealth

The name Bank of the Commonwealth represents any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18413107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413107" title="4ft Fingers">
4ft Fingers

4ft Fingers (pronounced "four foot fingers") are an English punk rock band from Cheltenham, United Kingdom, formed in 1996.
History.
4 ft Fingers were formed in Cheltenham in 1996. The mid nineties was a time of a minor musical revolution in Cheltenham, spearheaded by bands such as Vicious Rumour and the Axiom centre. Lead singer Rob Crebbin stated in an interview that the name comes from the fact he has large hands and had an old E.T. toy which sat on top of his television – "the band members used to say he had fingers like mine and someone said they're 4ft Fingers and so we went with that". In 2001 the band recorded and later released their debut album "At Your Convenience", which was followed by a tour consisting of 140 gigs throughout the UK. This tour caught the attention of major record labels and in 2002 the band signed to Golf Records. The band's second album, "From Hero To Zero", was released in September 2002. This was then followed by another tour under the title of "Golfing On The Moon" which included 40 gigs in the UK lasting until December that year.
In 2003 the band set out on a number of tours, including one in Europe, some dates included playing with Dead Kennedys and The Damned. The band was later invited on another European tour, this time with Voodoo Glow Skulls and Skindred starting in November and lasting for a total of 6 weeks.
In 2004 4 ft Fingers' third album was recorded. "A Cause For Concern" was released in the UK during April to coincide with the band's UK and European headline tour during April and May. The album was later released in the USA on Go-Kart Records which led up to the band's first US tour in the Summer.
At the end of 2004, Dougie departed from 4 ft Fingers. He was replaced by Russ Carlin. However, two years later Dougie rejoined along with new guitarist Jon Priestley (who replaced former band member Tom Saunders). The band then began writing new material, and on June 18, 2008, released their fourth full-length album, "New Beginnings of Old Stories". Preceding this was a big promotional campaign which started on February 22 and lasted until May 31, with the band playing a total of 34 gigs throughout the UK.
In the early part of 2010 Rob Crebbin (vocals/Guitars) was once again joined by former 4ft Fingers Guitarist Tom Saunders in forming The Hook-Line Riot, with Tom Barton on drums, former The Scrub Bassist, Jon Crowley on bass/vocals and Patrick McAleavy (organ). The band is currently writing and recording their debut album to be released in the early part of 2012 whilst former drummer Dave Humphries has teamed up with Jon Priestley and Matt Steed from Gash and are now playing in a metal band called Reign of Fury. 
In October 2012 4ft Fingers went back on the road for 7 UK shows as a "Last Man Standing Tour" with UK Subs drummer Jamie Oliver. The band are currently taking a break to recover.
External links.
www.facebook.com/thehooklineriot

</doc>
<doc id="18413109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413109" title="Huang Jianxin">
Huang Jianxin

Huang Jianxin (; born 1954) is a Chinese film director. He is normally considered part of the fifth generation of Chinese filmmakers (a group that includes Chen Kaige, Zhang Yimou and Tian Zhuangzhuang), due to shared traits in his works, although he was not a strictly a member of the inaugural 1982 class of the Beijing Film Academy. Additionally, Huang's films are distinguished from his contemporaries in that they focused on urban contemporary life, as contrasted to historical period dramas, as well as for their satirical observations of the Chinese bureaucracy.
Biography.
Huang was born in Xi'an, though his ancestral hometown was in Hebei. He joined the army at age 16, and enrolled in Northwest University in 1975. Huang entered Xi'an Film Studio after graduation, evolving from editor, script holder, assistant director to vice director. After training at Beijing Film Academy in 1983, he was elevated to director. He is now the manager of 4th production company of China Film Corporation. His 1997 film "Surveillance" was entered into the 47th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18413114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413114" title="Between the Devil">
Between the Devil

Between the Devil is a musical comedy with book and lyrics by Howard Dietz and music by Arthur Schwartz. 
Production and background.
The musical opened in pre-Broadway tryouts in New Haven and Philadelphia in October 1937. The original plot had the leading man, Jack Buchanan, as an Englishman who married two women at the same time. The plot was changed to have Buchanan marry the second wife only because he thought his first wife had died. Produced by Lee Shubert and J. J. Shubert, the Broadway production opened on December 22, 1937, at the Imperial Theatre and closed on March 12, 1938, after 93 performances. The production was staged by Hassard Short, the book was staged by John Hayden, and dances and principals' numbers were staged by Robert Alton. The cast starred Jack Buchanan as Peter Anthony and Pierre Antoine, Evelyn Laye as Natalie Rives, Adele Dixon as Claudette Gilbert, and Charles Walters as Freddie Hill. 
The show was only a moderate success but introduced the songs "By Myself" and "Triplets", both of which were used 16 years later in the 1953 film, "The Band Wagon", which also starred Buchanan. The song "By Myself" was also covered by Leonard Nimoy 14 years after the movie (and included on his second album "Two Sides of Leonard Nimoy") in 1968.
Songs.
Act I
Act II 
Critical response.
In his "New York Times" review, Brooks Atkinson praised the performers, with Buchanan distinguishing himself in the solo 'By Myself', Miss Laye "still retains her ranking as a blonde goddess", and Miss Dixon "stimulating in a more earthly style of conquest". He wrote of the musical: "If it were not for the book, 'Beyond the Devil' would probably look and sound as frisky as it pretends to be. But, oh these bigamists! Oh, these wicked Parisian chanteuses! Oh, these improper situations! Oh!" 

</doc>
<doc id="18413124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413124" title="Chestnut Street Bridge (Detroit)">
Chestnut Street Bridge (Detroit)

The Chestnut Street Bridge is located where Chestnut Street passes over the Dequindre Cut (formerly owned by the Grand Trunk Western Railroad) in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
History.
By the 1920s, there were over 400 industries operating on Detroit's east side. However, the combination of the city's haphazard streetplan, the expansion of large factories, and the substantial network of rail tracks conspired to slow traffic within the city, particularly in the east-west direction. In 1923, the city of Detroit and Grand Trunk railroad began a plan to build 22 grade separations; both parties agreed to share the cost.
One of the tracks to be regraded was the line paralleling St. Aubin. These tracks ran from the northwest, where they connected with a network of other lines, to the southeast, where the tracks turned to parallel the river and supplied a number of large factories, including the Detroit-Michigan Stove Plant, the United States Rubber Company Plant, and the Parke-Davis Laboratories. The tracks terminated at the Brush Street Depot in downtown Detroit.
By March 1930, 16 of the crossings of what now is known as the "Dequindre Cut" were finished, including the Chestnut Street bridge. The nearby Antietam Avenue Bridge was completed soon thereafter. In 1964, the Antietam Avenue Bridge and the Chestnut Street Bridge were teamed as a one-way pair. In the 1980s, the railway was abandoned, and ownership changed hands. 
As of 2008, the Dequindre Cut is being turned into a rail trail.
Significance.
The Dequindre Cut is in good condition, and the course of the Cut and how it relates to the street grid is apparent from the Antietam Street bridge. The bridge is good evidence of the grade separation effort early in the twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="18413131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413131" title="Rorke">
Rorke

Rorke is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18413133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413133" title="USS Cacique (ID-2213)">
USS Cacique (ID-2213)

USS "Cacique" (ID-2213) was a freighter leased by the United States Navy in World War I. She was used to transport Allied personnel and cargo in support of the European fighting front. Post-war she was returned to her owners.
Built in England.
"S.S. Cacique", a 6,202 gross ton commercial freighter, was built in 1910 by Short Brothers of Sunderland, England. She was owned by the New York and Pacific Steamship Company of New York City. On 19 August 1918 she was transferred to the Navy from the United States Shipping Board and commissioned the same day as USS "Cacique" (ID # 2213) under the command of Lieutenant Commander C.H. Winnett, USNRF.
World War I service.
Assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service, "Cacique" sailed from Norfolk, Virginia on 30 August 1918 to take part in supplying the United States Army in France. She made two voyages to Marseilles, France with general cargo, and returned to Baltimore, Maryland on 2 March 1919.
Post-war disposition.
After the November 1918 Armistice with Germany "Cacique" was decommissioned 24 March 1919, and returned to the US Shipping Board the same day. She was then returned to her owners.

</doc>
<doc id="18413138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413138" title="Labour Party (Slovakia)">
Labour Party (Slovakia)

Labour Party () was a political party in the post WWII Slovakia. The party was formed in 1946 by Social Democrats who opposed cooperation with the Communist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="18413147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413147" title="Eduardo Lourenço">
Eduardo Lourenço

Eduardo Lourenço GCSE, GCIH (born in Almeida, Portugal on May 29, 1923) is a Portuguese essayist, professor, critic, philosopher, and writer. He once attended the Colégio Militar and studied at the University of Coimbra, where he also was professor. He won the Camões Prize in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18413154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413154" title="Kehl (surname)">
Kehl (surname)

Kehl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18413161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413161" title="Used and Abused (album)">
Used and Abused (album)

Used and Abused is the first full-length album by the Seattle powerpop band Danger Radio. It was released on July 8, 2008. It spent one week on the "Billboard" 200, at number 198.

</doc>
<doc id="18413168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413168" title="Gołdapa">
Gołdapa

The Gołdapa (, ) is a river in Poland's Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship. It develops out of the Wzgórza Szeskie south of Gołdap, then flows through the Romincka Forest before reaching Gołdap. It empties into the Angrapa north of the village Budry.
The river is named after the Old Prussian word "galdape", meaning "river in the valley/depression".

</doc>
<doc id="18413195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413195" title="The Letter/Neon Rainbow">
The Letter/Neon Rainbow

The Letter/Neon Rainbow is an album by American blue-eyed soul band The Box Tops, released in 1967. Following "The Letter" reaching number one on the singles charts, "The Letter/Neon Rainbow" was quickly assembled for a follow up. The album peaked at number 87 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart in 1968.
History.
Most of the backing tracks were performed by session musicians, however the original group played the hit "The Letter". The session musicians likely consisted of guitarists Reggie Young and Bobby Womack, bassist Tommy Cogbill, pianist and organist Bobby Emmons and drummer Gene Chrisman.
Although lead singer Alex Chilton (16 at the time) had already written a number of songs, none were included on the Box Tops' debut LP, perhaps due to his relative inexperience with songwriting. Chilton later had a significant songwriting role in the cult power pop band Big Star, and after the dissolution of the group continued to develop his career as a solo artist.
"The Letter/Neon Rainbow" was re-released on CD in 2000 on the Sundazed label (SC 6158) with four additional tracks. These included the mono single versions of "The Letter" and "Neon Rainbow", the 1969 single "Turn on a Dream" and a previously unreleased track "Georgia Farm Boy".
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Richie Unterberger noted Chilton's strong vocals but called the album "a spotty affair showing every indication of having been assembled very quickly in the wake of "The Letter" soaring to number one."

</doc>
<doc id="18413200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413200" title="Rubus moluccanus">
Rubus moluccanus

Rubus moluccanus, Molucca bramble or broad-leaf bramble, is a scrambling shrub or climber, native to moist eucalyptus forest and rainforest of eastern Australia, distributed from Queensland to Victoria.
Molucca bramble leaves are simple with 3-5 lobes, 2–15 cm long, and 3–10 cm wide, and the lower surface tomentose. Flowers pinkish red or white. Red fruit is 1.2 cm wide.
Uses.
Regarded as a tasty edible fruit. Eaten out-of-hand, and used commercially to a limited extent in jams and sauces.

</doc>
<doc id="18413203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413203" title="Pascal Roller">
Pascal Roller

Pascal Roller (born 20 November 1976) is a retired German professional basketball player. He is 1.80m (5'11") in height and he weighs 81 kg (180 pounds). He played the point guard position. He spent most of his career with the Deutsche Bank Skyliners of the German League. Internationally, Roller represented Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18413213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413213" title="Kačar">
Kačar

Kačar can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18413225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413225" title="Marco Antonio Firebaugh High School">
Marco Antonio Firebaugh High School

Marco Antonio Firebaugh High School, also known as Firebaugh High School - or just FHS, is one of the three high schools in Lynwood, California. The others are Lynwood High School and Vista High School. It is a part of the Lynwood Unified School District.
Marco A. Firebaugh High School was founded in 2005. Since February 2008 Firebaugh High School has been an IB World School in the Diploma Program. Its first graduating class was in the 2008-09 academic school year. It currently holds freshmans, sophomores, juniors, and seniors. Firebaugh High School adopted Lynwood Middle School as part of its high school in the 2009-10 school year (Grades 7-9).
History.
Marco Antonio Firebaugh spoke and presided during the school opening ceremonies in 2005. He received the honor of having a school named after him while alive; other examples include Earl Warren, for which Warren High School in Downey, California was originally named, and John Glenn, for which John Glenn High School in Norwalk, California was named.
Sports.
Firebaugh High School is also now being recognized for its sports.Its volleyball and football team have been state champions twice and also CIF champions. For the first time, the Mens Falcons Varsity Soccer team went undefeated in league and became Harbor League Champions by defeating their biggest rival yet, Animo Charter. The Falcons have now qualified to CIF as the leaders of their league.This is the first year that the men's soccer team is in league. They have finished with an overall record of 11 games won, 3 games lost and 2 games tied. Their league record this year has been an incredible 6 games won and 1 tied with one more game to go in season. They ended the season as Harbor League's Co-Champions.

</doc>
<doc id="18413228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413228" title="Richard Ciano">
Richard Ciano

Richard Ciano is the President of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario[http://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2012/02/12/richard_ciano_elected_party_president_of_ontario_progressive_conservatives.html] and a Canadian market researcher. 
Ciano is a principal at Campaign Research, a full-service marketing research agency that he founded in 2003. His company works with clients in the entertainment, aviation, agriculture, and energy industries.
He was elected as President of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario at the party's 2012 annual general meeting in Niagara Falls. Ciano won with an overwhelming 54% of the vote in a three-way contest against Kevin Gaudet and John Snobelen.
He is also a former elected National Vice President and National Councillor (Ontario)of the Conservative Party of Canada. He was elected to the National Council[http://www.conservative.ca/EN/2991/ of the Conservative Party of Canada in 2005 at the Conservative Party of Canada's founding convention in Montreal and served until 2008.
While serving in his federal positions, Ciano founded the Conservative Campaign University[http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/Page/document/v5/content/subscribe?user_URL=http://www.theglobeandmail.com%2Fservlet%2Fstory%2FRTGAM.20080228.wconservative28new%2FBNStory%2FNational%2F&ord=23471824&brand=theglobeandmail&force_login=true], a political training school for activists in the Conservative Party of Canada.
He has served as campaign manager and as a senior strategist to prominent conservative politicians including Peter Van LoanPeter Shurman[http://www.yorkregion.com/article/53245, and Rob Ford. Notably, Ciano was a senior advisor to Ford's 2010 Toronto mayoral election campaign, serving as chief strategist and pollster. 
Ciano is a graduate of York University and has a Certified Marketing Research Professional designation[http://campaignresearch.ca/?p=130] from the Marketing Research Industry Association. He lives in Holland Landing, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18413234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413234" title="Batalha Square">
Batalha Square

Batalha Square () is a historical public square located in the city of Porto, in Portugal.
According to tradition, the name "batalha" (battle) comes from a 10th-century battle fought between the Moorish forces of Al-Mansur Ibn Abi Aamir and the inhabitants of Porto, which resulted in the defeat of the latter and the destruction of the city.
An important monument of the square is the Batalha Palace, a good example of a late 18th-century urban palace of Porto. The main façade, in a style intermediate between baroque and neoclassical, carries the coat-of-arms of the former owners (Silvas, Guedes, Melos e Pereiras). During the Siege of Porto (1832) the owners left the building and it was used for several purposes, including blood hospital. The interior has been stripped of its decoration still in the 19th century. Nowadays it is used as post office.
The square was urbanised in 1861, when a statue of King Pedro V of Portugal, standing over a pedestal, was erected right in front of Batalha Palace. The statue is a work by sculptor Teixeira Lopes (father).
The Batalha area has been an important cultural spot for centuries. In 1794, it was here that the Oporto's opera house, the Royal Theatre of São João, was built. The theatre still exists, although the original building had to be replaced in 1908 following a fire. Another important cultural venue of the square is the Cinema Batalha, a landmark of Portuguese Art Deco architecture dating from 1947.
Batalha Square was an important traffic hub until recently, but since the 1980s it has been mostly pedestrianised. The square is also a touristic spot thanks to its monuments, cafés and hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="18413243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413243" title="Kamalabai Hospet">
Kamalabai Hospet

Kamalabai Hospet also known as (Kamalatai Hospet) (1896–1981) was a co-founder of Matru Sewa Sangh, a non-profit social organization based in Nagpur, Maharashtra, India.
Together with Venutai Nene (1896–1973), she founded Matru Sewa Sangh in 1921. In 1971, she also co-founded Vidya Shikshan Prasarak Mandal, which now has more than fifty educational institutes.
In 1961, the government of India honored her social work with a Padma Shri title and later Jamnalal Bajaj Award in 1980. 

</doc>
<doc id="18413252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413252" title="The Riftwar Cycle">
The Riftwar Cycle

The Riftwar Cycle is the name given to the series of books authored or co-authored by Raymond E. Feist that revolve around the fantasy worlds of Midkemia and Kelewan.
The Riftwar Universe.
The majority of Feist's works are part of The Riftwar Universe, and feature the worlds of Midkemia and Kelewan. Human magicians and other creatures on the two planets are able to create rifts through dimensionless space that can connect planets in different solar systems. The novels and short stories of The Riftwar Universe record the adventures of various people on these worlds.
"Midkemia" was originally created as an alternative to the "Dungeons and Dragons" (D&D) role-playing game. When Feist studied at the University of California, San Diego, he and his friends created a new role-playing game based on their own original world of Midkemia. They called themselves the "Thursday Nighters", because they played the Midkemia role-playing game every Thursday evening. After some time, when the group changed and began meeting on Fridays, they became known as the "Friday Nighters". The original group have since formed a company called Midkemia, which has continued publishing campaigns set in Midkemia.
Feist acknowledges that the Tekumel setting from M. A. R. Barker's "Empire of the Petal Throne" was the source for much of Kelewan. The original D&D campaign which he based his books on had an invasion of the Midkemia world by Tekumel. As a result, much of the background of Kelewan - the Tsurani Empire, the lack of metals and horses, the Cho'ja, the pantheons of 10 major and 10 minor gods - comes from Tekumel. Feist claims to have been unaware of this origin when he wrote "Magician".
Works.
Most "Riftwar" novels' stories occur in chronological order following the publishing order, with a few exceptions. The Empire Trilogy starts during "Magician" and concludes after "A Darkness at Sethanon". The Riftwar Legacy occurs between the Riftwar Saga and Krondor's Sons. The Legends of the Riftwar novels occur between "Magician" and "Silverthorn".
Novels are grouped into their respective series, with series ordered by the publishing date of the first novel in the series.

</doc>
<doc id="18413278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413278" title="Ghost Voyage">
Ghost Voyage

Ghost Voyage is a 2008 horror television film produced for broadcast on the Sci Fi Channel in the United States. Its cast includes Antonio Sabato Jr., Deanna Russo, P.J. Marino and Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa. The story contains many elements of an updated "Outward Bound" and "Between Two Worlds".
Plot summary.
The plot deals with nine strangers, most of whom are engaged in criminal and/or morally questionable acts, who wake up on an abandoned cargo ship with no memory of how they arrived there. The ship's steward explains the rules to them. The unfortunate passengers soon find out that the ship is haunted by malevolent spirits and that they've each been brought there for a particular reason. The spirits immediately take those who have committed great sins (i.e. murder, adultery, etc.).
Six of the strangers die because they broke a rule. The remaining 3 learn that they are actually dead. The steward congratulates them for not breaking any rules, and then explains what is happening. According to an old legend, people who have committed sins are transported to this ship after they die. The sea tests them to see if they have learned from their lives. Those who pass the test are given a second chance at life. Those who don't have their spirits swallowed by the sea and are thrown into Hell.
Working together, the three retrieve a boat on the cargo ship and set sail. More demons attempt to kill them on the sea. One of them is sucked to hell after being selfish, and the other two survive and get a second chance. They get back to their lives but have no memory of the events on the ship and do not remember each other when they meet. The last scene shows the steward explaining the rules to the next set of strangers, implying a continuous cycle.

</doc>
<doc id="18413293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413293" title="Tuloma">
Tuloma

Tuloma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18413296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413296" title="Ruslan Platon">
Ruslan Platon

Ruslan Platon (born 12 January 1982, in Chernigiv) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for Metalurh Zaporizhya in the Ukrainian First League. He played the second half of the 2007/2008 season on loan at FC Zakarpattia Uzhhorod, and returned to play for Kharkiv next season. In 2009 July, he signed for Tavriya Simferopol.

</doc>
<doc id="18413304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413304" title="Jeep Beat Collective">
Jeep Beat Collective

Jeep Beat Collective is the best known recording name of British hiphop DJ Dave Davies. He has also recorded under the names Mindbomb, Godfather of Weird and Dave the Ruf. His music carries a heavy emphasis on scratching, but he also raps. In 1999 Spin magazine included Jeep Beat Collective in their list of the "top 13 turntablists" in the world. He also runs the Ruf Beats record label. DJ Jabbathakut and K-Delight have featured on various of his records.
Albums.
As Jeep Beat Collective
As Mindbomb

</doc>
<doc id="18413305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413305" title="Kola Bay">
Kola Bay

Kola Bay () or Murmansk Fjord is a 57-km-long fjord of the Barents Sea that cuts into the northern part of the Kola Peninsula. It is up to 7 km wide and has a depth of 200 to 300 metres. The Tuloma and Kola Rivers discharge into the bay. 
The eastern shore is craggy and precipitous, the western one is comparatively level. The ports of Murmansk and Severomorsk sit on the east side. Polyarny, the main base of Russia's Northern Fleet, is one the on the west side of the bay. 
Semidiurnal tides in the Murmansk Fjord are as high as 4 metres. In winter, the southern part of the bay may be covered in ice. The Kola Bay Bridge spans the Kola Bay near its southern end.

</doc>
<doc id="18413327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413327" title="WKMO">
WKMO

WKMO (99.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Lebanon Junction, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Elizabethtown Cbc, Inc. and features programing from Jones Radio Network.
History.
The station went on the air as WTHX on 2002-10-02. on 2008-04-02, the station changed its call sign to the current WKMO. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413343" title="Basie Jam">
Basie Jam

Basie Jam is a 1973 studio album by Count Basie. This was Basie's first album with Norman Granz' newly founded Pablo Records. 
Track listing.
All music composed by Count Basie.

</doc>
<doc id="18413344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413344" title="WVKY">
WVKY

WVKY (101.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Shelbyville, Kentucky, USA, and serving the Louisville area. The station is owned by Southern Belle LLC.
History.
The station signed on in 1978 as Album-Oriented Rock station WZZX. Unable to gain traction against market-leader WLRS, the station adopted an Adult Contemporary format as WJYL in 1981. This station struggled against AC station WRKA, so it began adding Top 40 music to its playlist.This move was successful, but short-lived. In 1984, maintaining the WJYL calls, the station adopted an Urban Contemporary format. The station became WCKD on 1989-04-01. On 1989-08-07, the station changed its call sign to WCKP, on 1992-08-31 to WTHQ, on 2002-05-17 to WIBL, on 2003-05-29 to WJZO, on 2005-12-13 to WXTF, on 2006-03-21 to WLPP, and on 2007-04-16 to WKRD-FM. 
The station license was transferred to Aloha Station Trust LLC at the completion of the Clear Channel Privatization. Aloha Station Trust temporarily operated the stations that Clear Channel was required to divest as a condition of the privatization transaction.
On January 12, 2012, WKRD-FM (as a result of a sale from Aloha Station Trust LLC to Southern Belle LLC) again changed their call sign to WVKY.

</doc>
<doc id="18413350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413350" title="WKWC">
WKWC

WKWC (90.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Album Adult Alternative format. Licensed to Owensboro, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Owensboro area. The station is currently owned by Kentucky Wesleyan College.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413356" title="Ecto (software)">
Ecto (software)

ecto is a commercial weblog client for Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows. It allows one to compose and store blog entries on the local desktop computer, then upload them to a weblog host. ecto interacts with popular server software such as Blogger, Moveable Type, and Wordpress, among others. The developer believes the additional flexibility of the desktop operating system allows the client to incorporate features lacking in web-based clients. For example, ecto incorporates spell checking, easy insertion of images, and text formatting. ecto employs the standard controls the operating system provides to all applications. It can also trackback to other blogs and add categories and tags to a blog entry. The Macintosh version integrates with iTunes and iPhoto. 
Critical reception.
AppleMatters gave ecto 9 out of 10.
The Windows variant of ecto was reviewed at "Reviewsaurus", which despite noting ecto as one of the most respected blogging clients, gave it a more critical review for its lack of a single pane interface, and lack of FTP support.
"New Communications Review" provided a more favorable review ("4 stars out of 5") praising its feature set and the detailed control it gives over formatting one's posts.

</doc>
<doc id="18413358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413358" title="WKWY">
WKWY

WKWY (102.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format, and licensed to Tompkinsville, Kentucky, USA.
As of September 23, 2013, operation of the station is being managed by Carol Burrow, Administratrix of the estate of Elizabeth Bernice Whittimore, who died September 30, 2007.[http://www.glasgowdailytimes.com/obituaries/local_story_274133832.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18413373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413373" title="Inquisitor (hardware testing software)">
Inquisitor (hardware testing software)

Inquisitor is a software suite used for hardware diagnostics, stress testing, certification and benchmarking platform. It is available in three formats:
Released under the terms of version 3 of the GNU General Public License, Inquisitor is free software.
History.
Inquisitor started in early 2004 as a closed project developed by Mikhail Yakshin at ALT Linux for MaxSelect, a Russian hardware vendor. First versions were closed-source, although some effort was made to open some of its components. Versions 1 and 2 were fully developed in-house and were fully adopted by MaxSelect and its multiple branches. These versions concentrated on server-based enterprise testing and were optimized mostly for notebook hardware.
In 2005, a special abridged version of Inquisitor suite was developed for distribution on Live CDs. These Live CDs were supplied with MaxSelect products, so every buyer can stress test their newly bought hardware to ensure it runs stable.
In August, 2007, all legal complications were solved and Inquisitor was announced as an open source platform. This platform can be used to implement various Linux-based solutions that deal with hardware testing, monitoring and benchmarking. As of July, 2008, version 3.0 is released into public.
Tests.
Minimal steps that can be undertaken for purposes of testing or benchmarking are called "tests" in Inquisitor and are implemented as simple Unix shell scripts that run other (binary) programs and collects their results. In its simplest form, test outputs only binary result: success or failure, but more advanced API is supplied for benchmarks that output results.
, Inquisitor distribution includes following tests:

</doc>
<doc id="18413377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413377" title="WKYA">
WKYA

WKYA (105.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. Licensed to Greenville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Radio Active Media, Inc.. The station features a live morning show named the Billy and Wendell Show. The stations former moniker was "The Hawk". It was named this in honor of the former mascot of the former Greenville High School (The "Blackhawks"). The station formerly employed a live on-air staff but now features fully automated programming from Dial Global Radio Networks.
History.
The station went on the air as WGKY-FM on 1979-12-22. on 1990-07-09, the station changed its call sign to WWHK, on 1996-10-01 to the current WKYA,
On February 1, 2004 WKYA changed their format from country to oldies.
Translators.
In addition to the main station, WKYA is relayed by an additional translator to widen its broadcast area.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413381" title="WKYD-LP">
WKYD-LP

WKYD-LP (95.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Jamestown, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Animal Welfare League of Russell County, Inc.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413388" title="Marie Sara">
Marie Sara

Marie Sara (born in Boulogne-Billancourt on June 27, 1964) is known for being a female bullfighter. In 1991 she was Europe's only female rejoneador. Jean-Luc Godard is her godfather.

</doc>
<doc id="18413393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413393" title="KBZI">
KBZI

KBZI (100.7 FM) was a radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format. Previously licensed to Deerfield, Missouri, it served Pittsburg, Kansas area. The station was owned by American Media Investments, and was branded as "B100.7" until May 2008.
In February 2009, KBZI was set to make a move to 107.1 FM so that its signal would better serve the southern part of the Pittsburg market and the nearby Joplin, Missouri market. However, this severely weakened its signal in the northern part of the market, 100.7's primary coverage area, making it more difficult to pick it up in Fort Scott and Nevada, where it had a significant following. The switch was delayed due to high winds, which prevented workers from installing the transmitter on its new tower, which kept the station off the air for three days. 
A few days later, it was rumored that the 107.1 BZI experiment had already been killed and the 107.1 frequency was restored to the format it had been carrying before the switch. Confirmation of this has not yet been made by anyone involved with the station. The KBZI callsign remained on the 107.1 FM frequency remained on the 107.1 FM frequency until November 16, 2009, when the call sign was changed back to KJML. There is now a vacant allotment for the 100.7 FM frequency in Deerfield which has been assigned the call sign 971010ME.

</doc>
<doc id="18413396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413396" title="Lorenzo Delgado">
Lorenzo Delgado

Lorenzo Delgado (born August 10, 1916) is a Mexican boxer. He competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 Delgado was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after having lost his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist, Erik Ågren.

</doc>
<doc id="18413409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413409" title="Emmerdale plane crash">
Emmerdale plane crash

The "Emmerdale" Plane Crash, also known as the Beckindale Air Disaster was a storyline for British soap opera "Emmerdale". It occurred on 30 December 1993, and gave "Emmerdale" its highest-ever viewing figures of 18 million. It revamped the soap, and had been developed to try to pick up higher viewing figures for the programme. It worked, and the storyline has consequently kept "Emmerdale" as one of the most popular British television soap operas.
Synposis.
Beckindale is demolished, and four villagers are killed, when a plane crashes into the village. The four victims of the plane crash were Mark Hughes (who had been in the show since 1988), Elizabeth Pollard (who had joined in 1990), Archie Brooks (who joined in 1983) and Leonard Kempinski (who had only joined the previous year).
Plot.
The Plane crash happened on 30 December 1993. The first scene of the plane crash was when Frank Tate was looking at his wife Kim’s stables when suddenly a ball of fire hits the stables. Nick Bates and Archie Brooks were walking home when they are blinded by some fluid and Archie is engulfed in flames. This would be the last we see of Archie, however his body was never recovered and suspicion remains if he actually died, nevertheless he is declared dead. The Woolpack windows explode in and Joe Sugden crashes his car when a wing of the plane collides with the car, Annie and Leonard Kempinski were also in the car. Joe suffered a broken leg and Annie remained in a coma for several months. However, Leonard died. He and Annie were only married for two months. Up at the stables Kim had to be restrained from trying to retrieve her horses, she listened helplessly as her horses screamed for help. People in the Woolpack started to regain consciousness. Eric Pollard started wandering around looking for his wife, Elizabeth. As the hours passed he started to draw attention as many people became suspicious of his behaviour. Elizabeth is eventually found dead and is declared a victim of the plane crash. However, many people, on and off-screen, believe that Eric killed his wife as she was on her way to the police to report him for forging cheques. Outside, Alan Turner picks up a plane ticket with the name Kurshkov on it, he notices more wreckage in the field together with Angharad and Bernard McAllister and it becomes more clear what has happened. The local school is used as a base. Mark Hughes’s arm can be seen sticking out of some rubble. At the school, Jack Sugden notices Mark's watch amongst the personal belongings that have been found, it is the one that Annie gave him at Christmas. Jack has the unfortunate task of identifying his body. Chris Tate is discovered in the wine bar but his legs are trapped under heavy rubble. When he is retrieved from the rubble he is airlifted to hospital. Chris would learn that he has lost the use of his legs for the rest of his life.
Many buildings in the village were left in ruin as a result of the plane crash. Excluding the four dead villagers, many other bodies were found all over the village.
After the dust settled, the plane crash has been mentioned several times since including 1995, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2003, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011. The 2003 mention was in fact a storyline where the villagers were against a group of journalists wanting to do a 10th anniversary documentary after they descended on the village. And in late 2010 Michael Feldmann returned after 16 years away and accused Eric Pollard of murdering his mother Elizabeth that night 17 years previously. Eric had motive as Elizabeth was on to him about cheque fraud and trying to blame Michael for it. Eric later admits to Val that he would have killed her but flames and debris from the burning airliner beat him to it on that dark December night.
The effects of the plane crash can still be felt to this day to villagers who were there on that fateful night.
Development.
In 1993, Emmerdale's ratings were so low that ITV was planning to cancel the show. But then, ITV brought Phil Redmond, creator of Brookside, to try to think of a way to attract higher viewing figures to Emmerdale. His solution was the Plane crash storyline which bore much resemblance to later Brookside story lines such as the shooting down of a police helicopter, which landed on a petrol station in 2002. The Plane crash took three weeks to film, and cost over £1 million.
Reception.
ITV received many complaints as the timing of the storyline was close to the fifth anniversary of the Lockerbie Disaster.
In popular culture.
In the 5 January 1994 episode of Channel 4 soap Brookside, character Mick Johnson (Louis Emerick) was seen reading a newspaper with the front page headline "AIR DISASTER TOLL RISES - Village Mourns As Many Die", reflecting the events in Emmerdale.

</doc>
<doc id="18413415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413415" title="Bonaldo Giaiotti">
Bonaldo Giaiotti

Bonaldo Giaiotti (25 December 1932) is an Italian operatic bass, particularly associated with the Italian repertory.
Born in Udine, he studied in his native city and later in Milan with Alfredo Starno, where he made his debut at the Teatro Nuovo in 1957. After singing with success in various opera houses in Italy, he made his American debut in Cincinnati, as Basilio in "Il barbiere di Siviglia", in 1959.
The following year, on 24 October 1960, he made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera in New York, and remained with the company for 25 years, singing some 30 roles in over 300 performances, most often as Raimondo in "Lucia di Lammermoor", Ramfis in "Aida", Timur in "Turandot". Other roles included; Padre Guardiano in "La forza del destino", Phillip II in "Don Carlo", Ferrando in "Il trovatore, "Miller in "Luisa Miller", Zaccaria in "Nabucco, "Giorgio in "I puritani", Alvise in "La Gioconda", King Heinrich in "Lohengrin", etc.
He also made several guest appearances in other major opera houses, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, the Palais Garnier in Paris, the Vienna State Opera, the Teatro Real in Madrid, the Zurich Opera, the Royal Opera House in London, Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires, etc. From 1963 until 1995, he was a regular guest at the Arena di Verona Festival, notably as Verdi's "Attila" in 1985. Surprisingly, he did not make his debut at La Scala in Milan until 1986, as Count Rodolfo in "La sonnambula".
Giaiotti did sing non-Italian roles, notably the High Priest in Karl Goldmark's "Die Königin von Saba" (in 1991 in Teatro Regio), Cléomer in Massenet's "Esclarmonde" (January 1993, in Teatro Massimo), Cardinal de Brogni in Halevy's "La Juive", and the Anabaptist in Meyerbeer's "Le Prophète", and, as above, King Heinrich in Richard Wagner's "Lohengrin" (in 1976 and 1980 at the Metropolitan Opera).
His evenly produced, beautiful and sonorous voice made him one of the leading bassi-cantanti of his generation.

</doc>
<doc id="18413419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413419" title="Rosenblum">
Rosenblum

Rosenblum is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18413420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413420" title="Brewer infarcts">
Brewer infarcts

Brewer infarcts are a histological finding found in renal disease. They can indicate pyelonephritis.
They are named after George Emerson Brewer.

</doc>
<doc id="18413426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413426" title="WKYL">
WKYL

WKYL (102.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classical music format. Licensed to Lawrenceburg, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Lexington metro area. The station is currently owned by Davenport Broadcasting, Inc. and is programmed by Eastern Kentucky University as a sister station to WEKU. Until July 1, 2011, the station programmed a smooth jazz format via satellite from Broadcast Architecture's Smooth Jazz Network. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413431" title="Krásný Les (Karlovy Vary District)">
Krásný Les (Karlovy Vary District)

Krásný Les () is a village in the Karlovy Vary District, Karlovy Vary Region, of the Czech Republic.
Krásný Les lies on the southern edge of the Ore Mountains at the feet of the mountain Klínovec. Prior to 1945, the northern Bohemian village was mostly populated by Germans. As a result of World War II, the Germans were expelled and replaced with Czechs.

</doc>
<doc id="18413438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413438" title="WKYM">
WKYM

WKYM (101.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. Licensed to Monticello, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Stephen W. Staples Jr..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413448" title="WKYN">
WKYN

WKYN (107.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic country format. Licensed to Mount Sterling, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Gateway Radio Works, Inc..
History.
The station went on the air as WGGI on 1983-01-12. on 1983-04-27, the station changed its call sign to WKCA, on 2007-10-01 to the current WKYN, 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413452" title="WKYR-FM">
WKYR-FM

WKYR-FM (107.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Burkesville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Cumberland Broadcasting, LLC and features programing from ABC Radio and Jones Radio Network.
History.
The station went on the air as WKYI-FM on 1988-02-18. on 1988-03-16, the station changed its call sign to the current WKYR.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413454" title="WKYW">
WKYW

WKYW (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. Licensed to Frankfort, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by CapCity Communications.
History.
Prior to February 2011, the format was News/talk.
On March 18, 2013 WKYW changed their format to classic hits, branded as "Passport Radio 1490".
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413458" title="Aloe sinkatana">
Aloe sinkatana

Aloe sinkatana is a small, stemless Aloe native to Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="18413459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413459" title="Hugo Karl Anton Pernice">
Hugo Karl Anton Pernice

Hugo Karl Anton Pernice (November 9, 1829 - December 31, 1901) was a German gynecologist and obstetrician born in Halle an der Saale. He was the son of legal scholar Ludwig Wilhelm Anton Pernice (1799-1861), and the father of classical archaeologist Erich Pernice (1864-1945). 
Pernice studied at the Universities of Göttingen, Halle, Bonn and Prague. In 1852 he earned his medical doctorate at Halle, where afterwards he remained as an assistant to Anton Friedrich Hohl (1789-1862). In 1858 he became a professor of gynecology and obstetrics at the University of Greifswald, as well as director of the OB/GYN clinic.
He was an instructor and medical practitioner at Greifswald for over 40 years, retiring in 1899. In 1863 he became the first chairman of the "Medizinischen Vereins Greifswald" (Medical Association of Greifswald).

</doc>
<doc id="18413470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413470" title="WKYX">
WKYX

WKYX (570 AM and 94.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Paducah, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Bristol Broadcasting Company, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio .
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413480" title="Marino Facchin">
Marino Facchin

Mario Facchin (born February 20, 1913, date of death unknown) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He won once and was on the podium another time at the European Mens' Amateur Boxing Championships
He was born in Bagnolo di Po.
At the 1934 European Amateur Boxing Championships he won gold in the lightweight class. At the 1936 Summer Olympics he was eliminated in the second round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Erik Ågren. At the 1937 European Amateur Boxing Championships he won the bronze medal, again in the lightweight class.

</doc>
<doc id="18413490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413490" title="Woman Basketball Player No. 5">
Woman Basketball Player No. 5

Woman Basketball Player No. 5 () is a 1957 Chinese film presented by Tian Ma Film Studio and directed by Xie Jin, starring Qin Yi, Liu Qiong, Cao Qiwei and Wang Qi. It is the first colored sports movie filmed after the formation of the People's Republic of China, and also the first film directed by renowned film director Xie Jin.
Plot.
Before the establishment of PRC, Lin Jie, the daughter of the boss of East China Basketball Team in Shanghai, falls in love with the leading player of the team, Tian Zhenhua. During a game against foreign marine soldiers, the boss takes bribery and orders the team to lose the game. Due to his nationalist dignity, however, Tian leads the team to victory, against the will of the boss. As a result, the boss hires thugs to beat Tian, and also forces his daughter to marry a rich man. 18 years later, Tian is now the coach of Shanghai Woman Basketball Team. Xiao Jie, the daughter of Lin, is a girl with basketball talent but also has prejudice towards sports career. Tian educates and helps her with patience. Xiao Jie was injured in a game and hospitalized. Tian and Lin accidentally reunite when both visiting Xiao Jie and their love is reborn. Xiao Jie is later elected into national team and will participate in international games.

</doc>
<doc id="18413506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413506" title="Krasnaya River">
Krasnaya River

The Krasnaya (; ; ) is a river in Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast and Poland's Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship.
The Krasnaya flows through Romincka Forest and ends at the Pissa River at Gusev. Krasnolesye, Russia is one of the many villages and towns located on the river.

</doc>
<doc id="18413523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413523" title="Andy Scrivani">
Andy Scrivani

Andrew "Andy" Scrivani (born March 28, 1917) is an American boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Chicago.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the lightweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Erik Ågren.

</doc>
<doc id="18413527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413527" title="Aloe scobinifolia">
Aloe scobinifolia

Aloe scobinifolia is a small, stemless Aloe from Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="18413531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413531" title="Sustainability">
Sustainability

In ecology, where the concept was first given force, sustainability refers to how biological systems endure and remain diverse and productive. Long-lived and healthy wetlands and forests are examples of sustainable biological systems. More recently, the concept has been given a broader focus while continuing to include ecological resilience as crucial. Sustainability is now being understood as the potential for long-term endurance of social wellbeing, resilience and adaptation across four domains: ecology, economics, politics and culture. In another more economics-centred account, sustainability requires the reconciliation across three domains: economic demands, environmental resilience, and social equity. This is also referred to as the "three pillars" of sustainability.
Ecology remains the foundational domain. Healthy ecosystems and environments are necessary to the survival and flourishing of humans and other organisms. There are a number of major ways of reducing negative human impact. Among the first of these are environmentally-friendly chemical engineering, environmental resources management and environmental protection. This approach is based largely on information gained from green chemistry, earth science, environmental science and conservation biology. The second approach is management of human consumption of resources, which is based largely on information gained from economics. A third more recent approach adds cultural and political concerns into the sustainability matrix.
Sustainability interfaces with economics through the social and environmental consequences of economic activity. Sustainability economics involves ecological economics where social aspects including cultural, health-related and monetary/financial aspects are integrated. Moving towards sustainability is also a social challenge that entails international and national law, urban planning and transport, local and individual lifestyles and ethical consumerism. Ways of living more sustainably can take many forms from reorganising living conditions (e.g., ecovillages, eco-municipalities and sustainable cities), reappraising economic sectors (permaculture, green building, sustainable agriculture), or work practices (sustainable architecture), using science to develop new technologies (green technologies, renewable energy and sustainable Fission and Fusion power), to adjustments in individual lifestyles that conserve natural resources. Despite the increased popularity of the use of the term "sustainability", the possibility that human societies will achieve environmental sustainability has been, and continues to be, questioned—in light of environmental degradation, climate change, overconsumption, and societies' pursuit of indefinite economic growth in a closed system.
The word sustainability is derived from the Latin "sustinere" ("tenere", to hold; "sus", up). "Sustain" can mean “maintain", "support", or "endure”. Since the 1980s "sustainability" has been used more in the sense of human sustainability on planet Earth and this has resulted in the most widely quoted definition of sustainability as a part of the concept "sustainable development", that of the Brundtland Commission of the United Nations on March 20, 1987: “sustainable development is development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.”
Components.
The 2005 World Summit on Social Development resolved to promote the integration of the three components of sustainable development– economic development, social development and environmental protection. This view has been expressed as an illustration using three overlapping ellipses indicating that the three pillars of sustainability are not mutually exclusive and can be mutually reinforcing. The three pillars have served as a common ground for numerous sustainability standards and certification systems in recent years, in particular in the food industry. Standards which today explicitly refer to the triple bottom line include Rainforest Alliance, Fairtrade and UTZ Certified. The triple bottom line is also recognized by the ISEAL Alliance - the global association for social and environmental standards.
Sustainable development as defined by the UN is not universally accepted and has undergone various interpretations. What sustainability is, what its goals should be, and how these goals are to be achieved are all open to interpretation. For many environmentalists 'sustainable development' is an oxymoron - as development seems to entail environmental degradation. Ecological economist Herman Daly has asked, "what use is a sawmill without a forest?" From this perspective, the economy is a subsystem of human society, which is itself a subsystem of the biosphere, and a gain in one sector is a loss from another. This can be illustrated as three concentric circles, though with economics treated as only one of a number of domains that includes politics and culture.
The simple definition "sustainability is improving the quality of human life while living within the carrying capacity of supporting eco-systems", though vague, conveys the idea of sustainability having quantifiable limits. But sustainability is also a call to action, a task in progress or “journey” and therefore a political process, so some definitions set out common goals and values. The Earth Charter speaks of “a sustainable global society founded on respect for nature, universal human rights, economic justice, and a culture of peace.”
To add complication, the word "sustainability" is applied not only to human sustainability on Earth, but to many situations and contexts over many scales of space and time, from small local ones to the global balance of production and consumption. It implies responsible and proactive decision-making and innovation that minimizes negative impact and maintains balance between social, environmental, and economic growth to ensure a desirable planet for all species now and in the future. It can also just refer to a future intention: "sustainable agriculture" is not necessarily a current situation but a goal for the future, a prediction. For all these reasons sustainability is perceived, at one extreme, as nothing more than a feel-good buzzword with little meaning or substance but, at the other, as an important but unfocused concept like "liberty" or "justice". It has also been described as a "dialogue of values that defies consensual definition".
Some researchers and institutions have pointed out that these three dimensions are not enough to reflect the complexity of contemporary society and suggest that culture could be included in this development model. One emerging alternative to the three pillars is the Circles of Sustainability conception. It asks firstly why economics is treated either outside the social (the three-circle venn diagram) or central to the social (the three-circle diagram). Secondly, it asks why other domains are treated as externalities to economic considerations. Thirdly, it questions the tendency to leave humans outside the ecological domain, as if we are external agents having an impact from elsewhere. This alternative approach is now being used by a number of agencies such as the United Nations Global Compact Cities Programme. and Metropolis
History.
The history of sustainability traces human-dominated ecological systems from the earliest civilizations to the present time. This history is characterized by the increased regional success of a particular society, followed by crises that were either resolved, producing sustainability, or not, leading to decline.
In early human history, the use of fire and desire for specific foods may have altered the natural composition of plant and animal communities. Between 8,000 and 10,000 years ago, Agrarian communities emerged which depended largely on their environment and the creation of a "structure of permanence."
The Western industrial revolution of the 18th to 19th centuries tapped into the vast growth potential of the energy in fossil fuels. Coal was used to power ever more efficient engines and later to generate electricity. Modern sanitation systems and advances in medicine protected large populations from disease. In the mid-20th century, a gathering environmental movement pointed out that there were environmental costs associated with the many material benefits that were now being enjoyed. In the late 20th century, environmental problems became global in scale. The 1973 and 1979 energy crises demonstrated the extent to which the global community had become dependent on non-renewable energy resources.
In the 21st century, there is increasing global awareness of the threat posed by the human greenhouse effect, produced largely by forest clearing and the burning of fossil fuels.
Principles and concepts.
The philosophical and analytic framework of sustainability draws on and connects with many different disciplines and fields; in recent years an area that has come to be called sustainability science has emerged. Sustainability science is not yet an autonomous field or discipline of its own, and has tended to be problem-driven and oriented towards guiding decision-making.
Scale and context.
Sustainability is studied and managed over many scales (levels or frames of reference) of time and space and in many contexts of environmental, social and economic organization. The focus ranges from the total carrying capacity (sustainability) of planet Earth to the sustainability of economic sectors, ecosystems, countries, municipalities, neighbourhoods, home gardens, individual lives, individual goods and services, occupations, lifestyles, behaviour patterns and so on. In short, it can entail the full compass of biological and human activity or any part of it. As Daniel Botkin, author and environmentalist, has stated: "We see a landscape that is always in flux, changing over many scales of time and space."
Consumption.
A major driver of human impact on Earth systems is the destruction of biophysical resources, and especially, the Earth's ecosystems. The environmental impact of a community or of humankind as a whole depends both on population and impact per person, which in turn depends in complex ways on what resources are being used, whether or not those resources are renewable, and the scale of the human activity relative to the carrying capacity of the ecosystems involved. Careful resource management can be applied at many scales, from economic sectors like agriculture, manufacturing and industry, to work organizations, the consumption patterns of households and individuals and to the resource demands of individual goods and services.
One of the initial attempts to express human impact mathematically was developed in the 1970s and is called the I PAT formula. This formulation attempts to explain human consumption in terms of three components: population numbers, levels of consumption (which it terms "affluence", although the usage is different), and impact per unit of resource use (which is termed "technology", because this impact depends on the technology used). The equation is expressed:
Measurement.
Sustainability measurement is a term that denotes the measurements used as the quantitative basis for the informed management of sustainability. The metrics used for the measurement of sustainability (involving the sustainability of environmental, social and economic domains, both individually and in various combinations) are evolving: they include indicators, benchmarks, audits, sustainability standards and certification systems like Fairtrade and Organic, indexes and accounting, as well as assessment, appraisal and other reporting systems. They are applied over a wide range of spatial and temporal scales.
Some of the best known and most widely used sustainability measures include corporate sustainability reporting, Triple Bottom Line accounting, World Sustainability Society and estimates of the quality of sustainability governance for individual countries using the Environmental Sustainability Index and Environmental Performance Index.
Population.
According to the 2008 Revision of the official United Nations population estimates and projections, the world population is projected to reach 7 billion early in 2012, up from the current 6.9 billion (May 2009), to exceed 9 billion people by 2050. Most of the increase will be in developing countries whose population is projected to rise from 5.6 billion in 2009 to 7.9 billion in 2050. This increase will be distributed among the population aged 15–59 (1.2 billion) and 60 or over (1.1 billion) because the number of children under age 15 in developing countries is predicted to decrease. In contrast, the population of the more developed regions is expected to undergo only slight increase from 1.23 billion to 1.28 billion, and this would have declined to 1.15 billion but for a projected net migration from developing to developed countries, which is expected to average 2.4 million persons annually from 2009 to 2050. Long-term estimates in 2004 of global population suggest a peak at around 2070 of nine to ten billion people, and then a slow decrease to 8.4 billion by 2100.
Emerging economies like those of China and India aspire to the living standards of the Western world as does the non-industrialized world in general. It is the combination of population increase in the developing world and unsustainable consumption levels in the developed world that poses a stark challenge to sustainability.
Carrying capacity.
At the global scale, scientific data now indicates that humans are living beyond the carrying capacity of planet Earth and that this cannot continue indefinitely. This scientific evidence comes from many sources but is presented in detail in the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment and the planetary boundaries framework. An early detailed examination of global limits was published in the 1972 book "Limits to Growth", which has prompted follow-up commentary and analysis. A 2012 review in "Nature" by 22 international researchers expressed concerns that the Earth may be "approaching a state shift" in its biosphere.
The Ecological footprint measures human consumption in terms of the biologically productive land needed to provide the resources, and absorb the wastes of the average global citizen. In 2008 it required 2.7 global hectares per person, 30% more than the natural biological capacity of 2.1 global hectares (assuming no provision for other organisms). The resulting ecological deficit must be met from unsustainable "extra" sources and these are obtained in three ways: embedded in the goods and services of world trade; taken from the past (e.g. fossil fuels); or borrowed from the future as unsustainable resource usage (e.g. by over exploiting forests and fisheries).
The figure (right) examines sustainability at the scale of individual countries by contrasting their Ecological Footprint with their UN Human Development Index (a measure of standard of living). The graph shows what is necessary for countries to maintain an acceptable standard of living for their citizens while, at the same time, maintaining sustainable resource use. The general trend is for higher standards of living to become less sustainable. As always, population growth has a marked influence on levels of consumption and the efficiency of resource use. The sustainability goal is to raise the global standard of living without increasing the use of resources beyond globally sustainable levels; that is, to not exceed "one planet" consumption. Information generated by reports at the national, regional and city scales confirm the global trend towards societies that are becoming less sustainable over time.
Global human impact on biodiversity.
At a fundamental level energy flow and biogeochemical cycling set an upper limit on the number and mass of organisms in any ecosystem. Human impacts on the Earth are demonstrated in a general way through detrimental changes in the global biogeochemical cycles of chemicals that are critical to life, most notably those of water, oxygen, carbon, nitrogen and phosphorus.
The "Millennium Ecosystem Assessment" is an international synthesis by over 1000 of the world's leading biological scientists that analyzes the state of the Earth’s ecosystems and provides summaries and guidelines for decision-makers. It concludes that human activity is having a significant and escalating impact on the biodiversity of world ecosystems, reducing both their resilience and biocapacity. The report refers to natural systems as humanity's "life-support system", providing essential "ecosystem services". The assessment measures 24 ecosystem services concluding that only four have shown improvement over the last 50 years, 15 are in serious decline, and five are in a precarious condition.
Sustainable development in Cuba.
According to data it presents to the United Nations, Cuba was the only nation in the world in 2006 that met the World Wide Fund for Nature's definition of sustainable development, with an ecological footprint of less than 1.8 hectares per capita, 1.5, and a Human Development Index of over 0.8, 0.855.
Environmental dimension.
Healthy ecosystems provide vital goods and services to humans and other organisms. There are two major ways of reducing negative human impact and enhancing ecosystem services and the first of these is environmental management. This direct approach is based largely on information gained from earth science, environmental science and conservation biology.
However, this is management at the end of a long series of indirect causal factors that are initiated by human consumption, so a second approach is through demand management of human resource use.
Management of human consumption of resources is an indirect approach based largely on information gained from economics. Herman Daly has suggested three broad criteria for ecological sustainability: renewable resources should provide a sustainable yield (the rate of harvest should not exceed the rate of regeneration); for non-renewable resources there should be equivalent development of renewable substitutes; waste generation should not exceed the assimilative capacity of the environment.
Environmental management.
At the global scale and in the broadest sense environmental management involves the oceans, freshwater systems, land and atmosphere, but following the sustainability principle of scale it can be equally applied to any ecosystem from a tropical rainforest to a home garden.
Atmosphere.
At a March 2009 meeting of the Copenhagen Climate Council, 2,500 climate experts from 80 countries issued a keynote statement that there is now "no excuse" for failing to act on global warming and that without strong carbon reduction "abrupt or irreversible" shifts in climate may occur that "will be very difficult for contemporary societies to cope with". Management of the global atmosphere now involves assessment of all aspects of the carbon cycle to identify opportunities to address human-induced climate change and this has become a major focus of scientific research because of the potential catastrophic effects on biodiversity and human communities (see Energy below).
Other human impacts on the atmosphere include the air pollution in cities, the pollutants including toxic chemicals like nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides, volatile organic compounds and airborne particulate matter that produce photochemical smog and acid rain, and the chlorofluorocarbons that degrade the ozone layer. Anthropogenic particulates such as sulfate aerosols in the atmosphere reduce the direct irradiance and reflectance (albedo) of the Earth's surface. Known as global dimming, the decrease is estimated to have been about 4% between 1960 and 1990 although the trend has subsequently reversed. Global dimming may have disturbed the global water cycle by reducing evaporation and rainfall in some areas. It also creates a cooling effect and this may have partially masked the effect of greenhouse gases on global warming.
Freshwater and oceans.
Water covers 71% of the Earth's surface. Of this, 97.5% is the salty water of the oceans and only 2.5% freshwater, most of which is locked up in the Antarctic ice sheet. The remaining freshwater is found in glaciers, lakes, rivers, wetlands, the soil, aquifers and atmosphere. Due to the water cycle, fresh water supply is continually replenished by precipitation, however there is still a limited amount necessitating management of this resource. Awareness of the global importance of preserving water for ecosystem services has only recently emerged as, during the 20th century, more than half the world’s wetlands have been lost along with their valuable environmental services. Increasing urbanization pollutes clean water supplies and much of the world still does not have access to clean, safe water. Greater emphasis is now being placed on the improved management of blue (harvestable) and green (soil water available for plant use) water, and this applies at all scales of water management.
Ocean circulation patterns have a strong influence on climate and weather and, in turn, the food supply of both humans and other organisms. Scientists have warned of the possibility, under the influence of climate change, of a sudden alteration in circulation patterns of ocean currents that could drastically alter the climate in some regions of the globe. Ten per cent of the world's population – about 600 million people – live in low-lying areas vulnerable to sea level rise.
Land use.
Loss of biodiversity stems largely from the habitat loss and fragmentation produced by the human appropriation of land for development, forestry and agriculture as natural capital is progressively converted to man-made capital. Land use change is fundamental to the operations of the biosphere because alterations in the relative proportions of land dedicated to urbanisation, agriculture, forest, woodland, grassland and pasture have a marked effect on the global water, carbon and nitrogen biogeochemical cycles and this can impact negatively on both natural and human systems. At the local human scale, major sustainability benefits accrue from sustainable parks and gardens and green cities.
Since the Neolithic Revolution about 47% of the world’s forests have been lost to human use. Present-day forests occupy about a quarter of the world’s ice-free land with about half of these occurring in the tropics. In temperate and boreal regions forest area is gradually increasing (with the exception of Siberia), but deforestation in the tropics is of major concern.
Food is essential to life. Feeding more than seven billion human bodies takes a heavy toll on the Earth’s resources. This begins with the appropriation of about 38% of the Earth’s land surface and about 20% of its net primary productivity. Added to this are the resource-hungry activities of industrial agribusiness – everything from the crop need for irrigation water, synthetic fertilizers and pesticides to the resource costs of food packaging, transport (now a major part of global trade) and retail. Environmental problems associated with industrial agriculture and agribusiness are now being addressed through such movements as sustainable agriculture, organic farming and more sustainable business practices.
Management of human consumption.
The underlying driver of direct human impacts on the environment is human consumption. Analysis of consumption patterns relates resource use to the environmental, social and economic impacts at the scale or context under investigation. The ideas of embodied resource use (the total resources needed to produce a product or service), resource intensity, and resource productivity are important tools for understanding the impacts of consumption. Key resource categories relating to human needs are food, energy, materials and water.
In 2010, the International Resource Panel, hosted by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), published the first global scientific assessment on the impacts of consumption and production and identified priority actions for developed and developing countries. The study found that the most critical impacts are related to ecosystem health, human health and resource depletion. From a production perspective, it found that fossil-fuel combusting processes, agriculture and fisheries have the most important impacts. Meanwhile, from a final consumption perspective, it found that household consumption related to mobility, shelter, food and energy-using products cause the majority of life-cycle impacts of consumption.
Energy.
The Sun's energy, stored by plants (primary producers) during photosynthesis, passes through the food chain to other organisms to ultimately power all living processes. Since the industrial revolution the concentrated energy of the Sun stored in fossilized plants as fossil fuels has been a major driver of technology which, in turn, has been the source of both economic and political power. In 2007 climate scientists of the IPCC concluded that there was at least a 90% probability that atmospheric increase in CO2 was human-induced, mostly as a result of fossil fuel emissions but, to a lesser extent from changes in land use. Stabilizing the world’s climate will require high-income countries to reduce their emissions by 60–90% over 2006 levels by 2050 which should hold CO2 levels at 450–650 ppm from current levels of about 380 ppm. Above this level, temperatures could rise by more than 2°C to produce “catastrophic” climate change. Reduction of current CO2 levels must be achieved against a background of global population increase and developing countries aspiring to energy-intensive high consumption Western lifestyles.
Reducing greenhouse emissions, is being tackled at all scales, ranging from tracking the passage of carbon through the carbon cycle to the commercialization of renewable energy, developing less carbon-hungry technology and transport systems and attempts by individuals to lead carbon neutral lifestyles by monitoring the fossil fuel use embodied in all the goods and services they use. Engineering of emerging technologies such as carbon-neutral fuel and energy storage systems such as power to gas, compressed air energy storage, and pumped-storage hydroelectricity are necessary to store power from transient renewable energy sources including emerging renewables such as airborne wind turbines.
Water.
Water security and food security are inextricably linked. In the decade 1951–60 human water withdrawals were four times greater than the previous decade. This rapid increase resulted from scientific and technological developments impacting through the economy – especially the increase in irrigated land, growth in industrial and power sectors, and intensive dam construction on all continents. This altered the water cycle of rivers and lakes, affected their water quality and had a significant impact on the global water cycle. Currently towards 35% of human water use is unsustainable, drawing on diminishing aquifers and reducing the flows of major rivers: this percentage is likely to increase if climate change impacts become more severe, populations increase, aquifers become progressively depleted and supplies become polluted and unsanitary. From 1961 to 2001 water demand doubled - agricultural use increased by 75%, industrial use by more than 200%, and domestic use more than 400%. In the 1990s it was estimated that humans were using 40–50% of the globally available freshwater in the approximate proportion of 70% for agriculture, 22% for industry, and 8% for domestic purposes with total use progressively increasing.
Water efficiency is being improved on a global scale by increased demand management, improved infrastructure, improved water productivity of agriculture, minimising the water intensity (embodied water) of goods and services, addressing shortages in the non-industrialised world, concentrating food production in areas of high productivity, and planning for climate change. At the local level, people are becoming more self-sufficient by harvesting rainwater and reducing use of mains water.
Food.
The American Public Health Association (APHA) defines a "sustainable food system" as "one that provides healthy food to meet current food needs while maintaining healthy ecosystems that can also provide food for generations to come with minimal negative impact to the environment. A sustainable food system also encourages local production and distribution infrastructures and makes nutritious food available, accessible, and affordable to all. Further, it is humane and just, protecting farmers and other workers, consumers, and communities." Concerns about the environmental impacts of agribusiness and the stark contrast between the obesity problems of the Western world and the poverty and food insecurity of the developing world have generated a strong movement towards healthy, sustainable eating as a major component of overall ethical consumerism. The environmental effects of different dietary patterns depend on many factors, including the proportion of animal and plant foods consumed and the method of food production. The World Health Organization has published a "Global Strategy on Diet, Physical Activity and Health" report which was endorsed by the May 2004 World Health Assembly. It recommends the Mediterranean diet which is associated with health and longevity and is low in meat, rich in fruits and vegetables, low in added sugar and limited salt, and low in saturated fatty acids; the traditional source of fat in the Mediterranean is olive oil, rich in monounsaturated fat. The healthy rice-based Japanese diet is also high in carbohydrates and low in fat. Both diets are low in meat and saturated fats and high in legumes and other vegetables; they are associated with a low incidence of ailments and low environmental impact.
At the global level the environmental impact of agribusiness is being addressed through sustainable agriculture and organic farming. At the local level there are various movements working towards local food production, more productive use of urban wastelands and domestic gardens including permaculture, urban horticulture, local food, slow food, sustainable gardening, and organic gardening.
Sustainable seafood is seafood from either fished or farmed sources that can maintain or increase production in the future without jeopardizing the ecosystems from which it was acquired. The sustainable seafood movement has gained momentum as more people become aware about both overfishing and environmentally destructive fishing methods.
Materials, toxic substances, waste.
As global population and affluence has increased, so has the use of various materials increased in volume, diversity and distance transported. Included here are raw materials, minerals, synthetic chemicals (including hazardous substances), manufactured products, food, living organisms and waste. By 2050, humanity could consume an estimated 140 billion tons of minerals, ores, fossil fuels and biomass per year (three times its current amount) unless the economic growth rate is decoupled from the rate of natural resource consumption. Developed countries' citizens consume an average of 16 tons of those four key resources per capita (ranging up to 40 or more tons per person in some developed countries with resource consumption levels far beyond what is likely sustainable.
Sustainable use of materials has targeted the idea of dematerialization, converting the linear path of materials (extraction, use, disposal in landfill) to a circular material flow that reuses materials as much as possible, much like the cycling and reuse of waste in nature. This approach is supported by product stewardship and the increasing use of material flow analysis at all levels, especially individual countries and the global economy. The use of sustainable biomaterials that come from renewable sources and that can be recycled is preferred to the use on non-renewables from a life cycle standpoint.
Synthetic chemical production has escalated following the stimulus it received during the second World War. Chemical production includes everything from herbicides, pesticides and fertilizers to domestic chemicals and hazardous substances. Apart from the build-up of greenhouse gas emissions in the atmosphere, chemicals of particular concern include: heavy metals, nuclear waste, chlorofluorocarbons, persistent organic pollutants and all harmful chemicals capable of bioaccumulation. Although most synthetic chemicals are harmless there needs to be rigorous testing of new chemicals, in all countries, for adverse environmental and health effects. International legislation has been established to deal with the global distribution and management of dangerous goods. The effects of some chemical agents needed long-term measurements and a lot of legal battles to realize their danger to human health. The classification of the toxic carcinogenic agents is handle by the International Agency for Research on Cancer.
Every economic activity produces material that can be classified as waste. To reduce waste industry, business and government are now mimicking nature by turning the waste produced by industrial metabolism into resource. Dematerialization is being encouraged through the ideas of industrial ecology, ecodesign and ecolabelling. In addition to the well-established “reduce, reuse and recycle,” shoppers are using their purchasing power for ethical consumerism.
Economic dimension.
On one account, sustainability "concerns the specification of a set of actions to be taken by present persons that will not diminish the prospects of future persons to enjoy levels of consumption, wealth, utility, or welfare comparable to those enjoyed by present persons." Sustainability interfaces with economics through the social and ecological consequences of economic activity. Sustainability economics represents: "... a broad interpretation of ecological economics where environmental and ecological variables and issues are basic but part of a multidimensional perspective. Social, cultural, health-related and monetary/financial aspects have to be integrated into the analysis."
However, the concept of sustainability is much broader than the concepts of sustained yield of welfare, resources, or profit margins.
At present, the average per capita consumption of people in the developing world is sustainable but population numbers are increasing and individuals are aspiring to high-consumption Western lifestyles. The developed world population is only increasing slightly but consumption levels are unsustainable. The challenge for sustainability is to curb and manage Western consumption while raising the standard of living of the developing world without increasing its resource use and environmental impact. This must be done by using strategies and technology that break the link between, on the one hand, economic growth and on the other, environmental damage and resource depletion.
A recent UNEP report proposes a green economy defined as one that “improves human well-being and social equity, while significantly reducing environmental risks and ecological scarcities”: it "does not favour one political perspective over another but works to minimise excessive depletion of natural capital". The report makes three key findings: “that greening not only generates increases in wealth, in particular a gain in ecological commons or natural capital, but also (over a period of six years) produces a higher rate of GDP growth”; that there is “an inextricable link between poverty eradication and better maintenance and conservation of the ecological commons, arising from the benefit flows from natural capital that are received directly by the poor”; "in the transition to a green economy, new jobs are created, which in time exceed the losses in “brown economy” jobs. However, there is a period of job losses in transition, which requires investment in re-skilling and re-educating the workforce”.
Several key areas have been targeted for economic analysis and reform: the environmental effects of unconstrained economic growth; the consequences of nature being treated as an economic externality; and the possibility of an economics that takes greater account of the social and environmental consequences of market behaviour.
Decoupling environmental degradation and economic growth.
Historically there has been a close correlation between economic growth and environmental degradation: as communities grow, so the environment declines. This trend is clearly demonstrated on graphs of human population numbers, economic growth, and environmental indicators.
Unsustainable economic growth has been starkly compared to the malignant growth of a cancer because it eats away at the Earth's ecosystem services which are its life-support system. There is concern that, unless resource use is checked, modern global civilization will follow the path of ancient civilizations that collapsed through overexploitation of their resource base. While conventional economics is concerned largely with economic growth and the efficient allocation of resources, ecological economics has the explicit goal of sustainable scale (rather than continual growth), fair distribution and efficient allocation, in that order. The World Business Council for Sustainable Development states that "business cannot succeed in societies that fail".
In economic and environmental fields, the term decoupling is becoming increasingly used in the context of economic production and environmental quality. When used in this way, it refers to the ability of an economy to grow without incurring corresponding increases in environmental pressure. Ecological economics includes the study of societal metabolism, the throughput of resources that enter and exit the economic system in relation to environmental quality. An economy that is able to sustain GDP growth without having a negative impact on the environment is said to be decoupled. Exactly how, if, or to what extent this can be achieved is a subject of much debate. In 2011 the International Resource Panel, hosted by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), warned that by 2050 the human race could be devouring 140 billion tons of minerals, ores, fossil fuels and biomass per year – three times its current rate of consumption – unless nations can make serious attempts at decoupling. The report noted that citizens of developed countries consume an average of 16 tons of those four key resources per capita per annum (ranging up to 40 or more tons per person in some developed countries). By comparison, the average person in India today consumes four tons per year. Sustainability studies analyse ways to reduce resource intensity (the amount of resource (e.g. water, energy, or materials) needed for the production, consumption and disposal of a unit of good or service) whether this be achieved from improved economic management, product design, or new technology.
There are conflicting views whether improvements in technological efficiency and innovation will enable a complete decoupling of economic growth from environmental degradation. On the one hand, it has been claimed repeatedly by efficiency experts that resource use intensity (i.e., energy and materials use per unit GDP) could in principle be reduced by at least four or five-fold, thereby allowing for continued economic growth without increasing resource depletion and associated pollution. On the other hand, an extensive historical analysis of technological efficiency improvements has conclusively shown that energy and materials use efficiency improvements were almost always outpaced by economic growth, in large part because of the rebound effect (conservation) or Jevons Paradox resulting in a net increase in resource use and associated pollution. Furthermore, there are inherent thermodynamic (i.e., second law of thermodynamics) and practical limits to all efficiency improvements. For example, there are certain minimum unavoidable material requirements for growing food, and there are limits to making automobiles, houses, furniture, and other products lighter and thinner without the risk of losing their necessary functions. Since it is both theoretically and practically impossible to increase resource use efficiencies indefinitely, it is equally impossible to have continued and infinite economic growth without a concomitant increase in resource depletion and environmental pollution, i.e., economic growth and resource depletion can be decoupled to some degree over the short run but not the long run. Consequently, long-term sustainability requires the transition to a steady state economy in which total GDP remains more or less constant, as has been advocated for decades by Herman Daly and others in the ecological economics community.
Nature as an economic externality.
The economic importance of nature is indicated by the use of the expression ecosystem services to highlight the market relevance of an increasingly scarce natural world that can no longer be regarded as both unlimited and free.
In general, as a commodity or service becomes more scarce the price increases and this acts as a restraint that encourages frugality, technical innovation and alternative products. However, this only applies when the product or service falls within the market system. As ecosystem services are generally treated as economic externalities they are unpriced and therefore overused and degraded, a situation sometimes referred to as the Tragedy of the Commons.
One approach to this dilemma has been the attempt to "internalise" these "externalities" by using market strategies like ecotaxes and incentives, tradeable permits for carbon, and the encouragement of payment for ecosystem services. Community currencies associated with Local Exchange Trading Systems (LETS), a gift economy and Time Banking have also been promoted as a way of supporting local economies and the environment. Green economics is another market-based attempt to address issues of equity and the environment.
The global recession and a range of associated government policies are likely to bring the biggest annual fall in the world's carbon dioxide emissions in 40 years.
Economic opportunity.
Treating the environment as an externality may generate short-term profit at the expense of sustainability. Sustainable business practices, on the other hand, integrate ecological concerns with social and economic ones (i.e., the triple bottom line). Growth that depletes ecosystem services is sometimes termed "uneconomic growth" as it leads to a decline in quality of life. Minimising such growth can provide opportunities for local businesses. For example, industrial waste can be treated as an "economic resource in the wrong place". The benefits of waste reduction include savings from disposal costs, fewer environmental penalties, and reduced liability insurance. This may lead to increased market share due to an improved public image. Energy efficiency can also increase profits by reducing costs.
The idea of sustainability as a business opportunity has led to the formation of organizations such as the Sustainability Consortium of the Society for Organizational Learning, the Sustainable Business Institute, and the World Council for Sustainable Development. Research focusing on progressive corporate leaders who have embedded sustainability into commercial strategy has yielded a leadership competency model for sustainability. The expansion of sustainable business opportunities can contribute to job creation through the introduction of green-collar workers.
Social dimension.
Sustainability issues are generally expressed in scientific and environmental terms, as well as in ethical terms of stewardship, but implementing change is a social challenge that entails, among other things, international and national law, urban planning and transport, local and individual lifestyles and ethical consumerism. "The relationship between human rights and human development, corporate power and environmental justice, global poverty and citizen action, suggest that responsible global citizenship is an inescapable element of what may at first glance seem to be simply matters of personal consumer and moral choice."
Peace, security, social justice.
Social disruptions like war, crime and corruption divert resources from areas of greatest human need, damage the capacity of societies to plan for the future, and generally threaten human well-being and the environment. Broad-based strategies for more sustainable social systems include: improved education and the political empowerment of women, especially in developing countries; greater regard for social justice, notably equity between rich and poor both within and between countries; and intergenerational equity. Depletion of natural resources including fresh water increases the likelihood of “resource wars”. This aspect of sustainability has been referred to as environmental security and creates a clear need for global environmental agreements to manage resources such as aquifers and rivers which span political boundaries, and to protect shared global systems including oceans and the atmosphere.
Poverty.
A major hurdle to achieve sustainability is the alleviation of poverty. It has been widely acknowledged that poverty is one source of environmental degradation. Such acknowledgment has been made by the Brundtland Commission report Our Common Future and the Millennium Development Goals.. There is a growing realization in national governments and multilateral institutions that it is impossible to separate economic development issues from environment issues: according to the Brundtland report, “poverty is a major cause and effect of global environmental problems. It is therefore futile to attempt to deal with environmental problems without a broader perspective that encompasses the factors underlying world poverty and international inequality.” Individuals living in poverty tend to rely heavily on their local ecosystem as a source for basic needs (such as nutrition and medicine) and general well-being. As population growth continues to increase, increasing pressure is being placed on the local ecosystem to provide these basic essentials. According to the UN Population Fund, high fertility and poverty have been strongly correlated, and the world’s poorest countries also have the highest fertility and population growth rates. The word sustainability is also used widely by western country development agencies and international charities to focus their poverty alleviation efforts in ways that can be sustained by the local populous and its environment. For example, teaching water treatment to the poor by boiling their water with charcoal, would not generally be considered a sustainable strategy, whereas using PET solar water disinfection would be. Also, sustainable best practices can involve the recycling of materials, such as the use of recycled plastics for lumber where deforestation has devastated a country's timber base. Another example of sustainable practices in poverty alleviation is the use of exported recycled materials from developed to developing countries, such as Bridges to Prosperity's use of wire rope from shipping container gantry cranes to act as the structural wire rope for footbridges that cross rivers in poor rural areas in Asia and Africa.
Human relationship to nature.
According to Murray Bookchin, the idea that humans must dominate nature is common in hierarchical societies. Bookchin contends that capitalism and market relationships, if unchecked, have the capacity to reduce the planet to a mere resource to be exploited. Nature is thus treated as a commodity: “The plundering of the human spirit by the market place is paralleled by the plundering of the earth by capital.” Social ecology, founded by Bookchin, is based on the conviction that nearly all of humanity's present ecological problems originate in, indeed are mere symptoms of, dysfunctional social arrangements. Whereas most authors proceed as if our ecological problems can be fixed by implementing recommendations which stem from physical, biological, economic etc., studies, Bookchin's claim is that these problems can only be resolved by understanding the underlying social processes and intervening in those processes by applying the concepts and methods of the social sciences.
A pure capitalist approach has also been criticized in Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change to mitigation the effects of global warming in this excerpt ...
Deep ecology establishes principles for the well-being of all life on Earth and the richness and diversity of life forms. This requires a substantial decrease in human population and consumption along with the reduction of human interference with the nonhuman world. To achieve this, deep ecologists advocate policies for basic economic, technological, and ideological structures that will improve the "quality of life" rather than the "standard of living". Those who subscribe to these principles are obliged to make the necessary change happen. The concept of a billion-year Sustainocene has been developed to initiate policy consideration of an earth where human structures power and fuel the needs of that species (for example through artificial photosynthesis) allowing Rights of Nature.
Human settlements.
One approach to sustainable living, exemplified by small-scale urban transition towns and rural ecovillages, seeks to create self-reliant communities based on principles of simple living, which maximize self-sufficiency particularly in food production. These principles, on a broader scale, underpin the concept of a bioregional economy. These approaches often utilize commons based knowledge sharing of open source appropriate technology. Other approaches, loosely based around new urbanism, are successfully reducing environmental impacts by altering the built environment to create and preserve sustainable cities which support sustainable transport. Residents in compact urban neighborhoods drive fewer miles, and have significantly lower environmental impacts across a range of measures, compared with those living in sprawling suburbs. The concept of Circular flow land use management has also been introduced in Europe to promote sustainable land use patterns that strive for compact cities and a reduction of greenfield land take by urban sprawl.
Large scale social movements can influence both community choices and the built environment. Eco-municipalities may be one such movement. Eco-municipalities take a systems approach, based on sustainability principles. The eco-municipality movement is participatory, involving community members in a bottom-up approach. In Sweden, more than 70 cities and towns—25 per cent of all municipalities in the country—have adopted a common set of "Sustainability Principles" and implemented these systematically throughout their municipal operations. There are now twelve eco-municipalities in the United States and the American Planning Association has adopted sustainability objectives based on the same principles.
There is a wealth of advice available to individuals wishing to reduce their personal and social impact on the environment through small, inexpensive and easily achievable steps. But the transition required to reduce global human consumption to within sustainable limits involves much larger changes, at all levels and contexts of society. The United Nations has recognised the central role of education, and have declared a decade of education for sustainable development, 2005–2014, which aims to "challenge us all to adopt new behaviours and practices to secure our future". The Worldwide Fund for Nature proposes a strategy for sustainability that goes beyond education to tackle underlying individualistic and materialistic societal values head-on and strengthen people's connections with the natural world.

</doc>
<doc id="18413538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413538" title="WKYY">
WKYY

WKYY (1280 AM) was a radio station broadcasting a Gospel format. Licensed to Lancaster, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Lancaster Broadcasters, Inc..
Its facility record has been deleted by the FCC. An application for a new construction permit would be required to return the station to the air. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413543" title="Alois Swatosch">
Alois Swatosch

Alois Swatosch (born August 27, 1910) is an Austrian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Simon Dewinter.

</doc>
<doc id="18413548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413548" title="WLAP">
WLAP

WLAP (630 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Lexington, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Central Kentucky region. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications of Lexington and features programing from Fox News Radio.
WLAP uses a four-tower directional antenna with differing patterns for daytime and nighttime; broadcast power is 5,000 daytime, 1,000 nighttime.
History.
About 1912, William V. Jordan of Louisville became involved in amateur radio experiments and operation, and by 1915 had been issued call letters 9-L-K for his wireless transmitting station. Jordan reportedly started broadcasting phonograph records to patients at Waverly Hills Hospital in 1921. He continued this until September 15, 1922, when he was granted a license, under the call letters of WLAP. It is Kentucky's oldest radio station. 
After WFIW was relocated from Hopkinsville to Louisville as WAVE, Turner C. Rush and Alvin L. Witt of Lexington bought the station with the intention of moving it there. WLAP signed off for the last time from Louisville on December 23, 1933 after the Federal Radio Commission granted preliminary approval for the move to Lexington. Final permission was granted on January 5, 1934. WLAP went back on the air in Lexington with Program Tests on March 17, 
1934.
WLAP aired a Top 40 music format during the 1960s and 1970s and softened to a full-service Adult Contemporary direction by the late 1970s, by which time the Top 40 format had shifted to its sister station WLAP-FM. It was also the first station in the Lexington area to utilize a generator for emergency broadcasting purposes, which served the station well during the Super Outbreak of April 3, 1974, when tornadoes disrupted electrical service to much of the state of Kentucky and WLAP was the only radio station in Lexington able to stay on the air thanks to its generator. (1)
WLAP is currently the flagship station of the Big Blue Sports Network, which carries Kentucky Wildcats football and basketball.
Lineup.
Weekdays
Saturdays
Sundays

</doc>
<doc id="18413554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413554" title="Basie Big Band">
Basie Big Band

Basie Big Band is a 1975 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra.
Track listing.
All music by Sammy Nestico.

</doc>
<doc id="18413559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413559" title="WLBN">
WLBN

WLBN (1590 AM) is a US radio station, currently broadcasting an Oldies format. The station is licensed to broadcast in Lebanon, Kentucky, USA, and is owned by Cbc of Marion County, Inc. It features programming from Jones Radio Network and Westwood One.

</doc>
<doc id="18413561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413561" title="Maranguape">
Maranguape

Maranguape is a municipality in Ceará with 102,982. The community was founded in 1851 and is currently part of the Fortaleza metropolitan area.

</doc>
<doc id="18413562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413562" title="Kosta Hakim">
Kosta Hakim

Kosta Hakim (born April 17, 1917) was an Egyptian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Carlos Lillo.

</doc>
<doc id="18413565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413565" title="WLBQ">
WLBQ

WLBQ (1570 AM), known locally on air as "BeechTree Radio," is a radio station broadcasting a Classic Hits format. Licensed to Morgantown, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Beech Tree Publishing. Its transmitter is located near the Charles Black City Park in Morgantown. 
Local News and Programming.
WLBQ’s news department is Butler County’s only news source without stories from other areas. Their news department uses the moniker “Beech Tree News.” 
Out On a Limb is the local radio show that focuses on current issues and public affairs in Butler County. The show is hosted by John Embry, and is broadcast on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 7:00 am, with replays at 10:00 am and 7:00 pm. 
The local news at 12 Noon every day consists of these segments in broadcast order: Local news, obituaries, local sports, community news, swap shop, and weather. 
WLBQ also broadcast statewide news updates from the Kentucky News Network, a statewide network that brings news headlines from across Kentucky.
On Sundays, WLBQ also broadcast locally-based religious radio shows, including broadcasts of worship services from local churches. 
In addition to the oldies format with local news, WLBQ also broadcasts sporting events involving the teams of Butler County High School, home of the Butler County Bears. Sporting Evens include football, boys and girls basketball, baseball, and softball. Additional sports-related content is provided by the Kentucky News Network's sports division.
Advertising.
WLBQ Beech Tree Radio also offers ads to local businesses in Butler and surrounding counties. Business owners can contact the station by phone or email to place an ad to attract customers. Listeners of the station can also place an ad to be displayed on the web site and in the “Swap Shop” segment of the 12 noon local news that is broadcast every day (including weekends). 
Webcast.
WLBQ broadcasts their audio over the internet (Windows Media Player or VLC Media Player required)
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413582" title="Aloe inermis">
Aloe inermis

Aloe inermis is a small, stemless Aloe native to Yemen.

</doc>
<doc id="18413583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413583" title="Thomas Hamilton-Brown">
Thomas Hamilton-Brown

Thomas Hamilton-Brown (born 1 July 1916) is a South African boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Cape Town.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Carlos Lillo. In fact, he had won it but due to a scoring miscalculation he did not find this out until several days later, when he had gone on an eating binge and was too heavy for his weight class.

</doc>
<doc id="18413584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413584" title="Disney Renaissance">
Disney Renaissance

The Disney Renaissance is a term referring to an era from 1989 to 1999, during which Walt Disney Animation Studios experienced a creative resurgence in producing successful animated films, restoring public and critical interest in The Walt Disney Company as a whole. During this decade, the studio produced and released 10 animated films including; "The Little Mermaid" (1989), "The Rescuers Down Under" (1990), "Beauty and the Beast" (1991), "Aladdin" (1992), "The Lion King" (1994), "Pocahontas" (1995), "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996), "Hercules" (1997), "Mulan" (1998), and "Tarzan" (1999).
History.
Pre-renaissance era (1977–88).
After the deaths of Walt and Roy O. Disney (in 1966 and 1971, respectively), Disney Studios was left in the hands of Donn Tatum, Card Walker, and Ron Miller. The films released over an eighteen-year period following this change of management did not perform as well commercially as their prior counterparts. An especially hard blow was dealt during production of "The Fox and the Hound" when long-time animator Don Bluth left Disney, taking eleven Disney animators with him, to start his own rival studio, Don Bluth Productions. With 17% of the animators now gone, production on "The Fox and the Hound" was delayed. Don Bluth Productions produced "The Secret of NIMH" in 1982 (whose story idea Disney had originally rejected for being too dark), and the company eventually became Disney's main competitor in the animation industry during the 1980s and early 1990s.
Disney made major organizational changes in the 1980s after narrowly escaping a hostile takeover attempt from Saul Steinberg. Michael Eisner, formerly of Paramount Pictures, became CEO in 1984, and he was joined by his Paramount associate Jeffrey Katzenberg, while Frank Wells, formerly of Warner Bros., became President. After the box office failure of the 1985 PG-rated feature "The Black Cauldron", the future of the animation department was in jeopardy. Going against a thirty-year studio policy, the company founded a TV animation division which was much cheaper than theatrical animation. In the interest of saving what he believed to be the studio's core business, Roy E. Disney persuaded Eisner to let him supervise the animation department in the hopes of improving its fortunes.
In 1986, Disney released "The Great Mouse Detective". Don Bluth's "An American Tail" outperformed "Mouse Detective", and became the higher-grossing film on its first release. Despite "An American Tail"s greater level of success, "The Great Mouse Detective" was still successful enough (both critically and commercially) to instill executive confidence in Disney's animation department. Two years later, Disney released "Oliver & Company" on the same weekend that Universal released Don Bluth's "The Land Before Time". The latter's opening weekend gross of over $7,526,000 broke all records, becoming the top grossing opening weekend for an animated feature. The film out-grossed "An American Tail" and became the highest-grossing animated film at that time.
Renaissance era (1989–99).
In 1988, Disney collaborated with Steven Spielberg, a long-time animation fan and producer of "An American Tail" and "The Land Before Time", to produce "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", a live action/animation hybrid which featured animated characters from the 1930s and 1940s from many different studios together. The film was a critical and commercial success, winning three Academy Awards for technical achievements and renewing interest in theatrical animated cartoons. Other than the film itself, Spielberg also helped Disney produce three "Roger Rabbit" shorts.
Disney had been developing "The Little Mermaid" since the 1930s, and by 1988, after the successes of "Roger Rabbit" and "Oliver & Company", the studio had decided to make it into an animated Broadway-like musical. Lyricist Howard Ashman and composer Alan Menken, who worked on Broadway years earlier on productions such as "Little Shop of Horrors", became involved in the production, writing and composing the songs and score for the film. The film was released on November 14, 1989 and garnered a higher weekend gross than Don Bluth's "All Dogs Go to Heaven", which opened the same weekend. It went on to break "The Land Before Time"'s record of highest-grossing animated film. "The Little Mermaid" was a critical and commercial success. It won two Academy Awards, for Best Original Song ("Under the Sea") and for Best Original Score, earning an additional nomination for Best Original Song for "Kiss the Girl."
"The Rescuers Down Under" was released one year later and was the first canon sequel produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. The film garnered mainly positive reception, but was not as financially successful as "The Little Mermaid".
"Beauty and the Beast", often considered to be one of the greatest of all Disney animated features, followed in 1991. It was the first animated film nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture, losing to "The Silence of the Lambs". "Beauty and the Beast" did win the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture (Musical or Comedy) and two Academy Awards, for Best Original Score and Best Original Song. "Beauty and the Beast" also received Academy Award nominations for Best Picture and Best Sound, as well as two additional nominations for Best Original Song. 
"Aladdin" and "The Lion King" followed in 1992 and 1994, respectively, with both films having the highest worldwide grosses of their respective release years. "Aladdin" was the highest-grossing animated film up until that time, but was later surpassed by "The Lion King", which became the highest-grossing animated film ever at the time and remains the highest-grossing traditionally animated film in history (second overall in history after additional gross from a successful 2011 3D re-release, behind "Toy Story 3"). Both films won Academy Awards for Best Original Song and Best Original Score. "Aladdin" also earned an additional Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song and nominations for Best Sound and Best Sound Effects Editing, for a total of five nominations. "The Lion King" earned two additional Academy Award nominations for Best Original Song, giving it a total of four Academy Award nominations. Howard Ashman wrote several songs for "Aladdin" before his death, but only three were ultimately used in the film. Tim Rice joined the project and completed the score and songs with Alan Menken. Tim Rice went on to collaborate with Elton John and Hans Zimmer in "The Lion King". Between these in-house productions, Disney diversified in animation methods and co-produced "The Nightmare Before Christmas" (1993) with former Disney animator Tim Burton.
The next Disney animated film, "Pocahontas" (1995), opened to mixed reviews, though it still earned $346 million worldwide and garnered Academy Awards for Best Score and Best Original Song for "Colors of the Wind." The following year, "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996), Disney's first animated film produced at a budget over $100 million, opened to better reviews than "Pocahontas", but a lower total box office of $325 million. Both films feature composer Stephen Schwartz. When "Hercules" (1997) earned $252 million—$73 million less than "Hunchback"—at the box office, news media began to openly suggest that Disney animation was on a downward trend of their animated film releases. Although it gained more positive criticism than "Pocahontas", it was still vulnerable to competition from companies such as DreamWorks and Pixar. All three films featured songs by Alan Menken.
"Mulan" (1998), produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios Florida with a score by Jerry Goldsmith and songs by Matthew Wilder and David Zippel, earned $304 million at the worldwide box office, and restored the commercial and critical standing of Disney's output. "Tarzan" (1999), with songs by Phil Collins, won an Academy Award for Best Original Song with "You'll Be in My Heart," became Disney's most commercially successful film since "The Lion King", earning $448 million at the box office and positive reviews. "Tarzan" was also Disney's most expensive animated feature to that date at $130 million, much of which went to developing new processes such as the computer-assisted background painting technique known as "Deep Canvas".
The success of the Disney Renaissance attracted the attention of other animation studios, many of whom tried to replicate Disney's success by turning their movies into Disney-styled musicals. However, most attempts met with mixed to negative reviews from critics, with "Quest For Camelot" from Warner Bros. being a major example. However "Anastasia" from Fox, "The Prince of Egypt" from DreamWorks and "" from Paramount were the only films that achieve the same quality of Disney's movies.
Post-renaissance era (2000–present).
The release of "Tarzan" is retrospectively seen as the end of the Renaissance era. Though Disney did continue to release lesser successes such as "Fantasia 2000", "The Emperor's New Groove", and "", they were all not as well-received critically or commercially as the earlier films of the 1990s were, and the studio also suffered significant box office losses with "Treasure Planet" and "Home on the Range". "Dinosaur", "Lilo & Stitch", and "Brother Bear" were seen as the only major box office successes during this time, with "Stitch" as the more prestigious film of the three. In addition, Disney found itself facing a new more competitive period beginning with the rise of DreamWorks Animation as a potent sustained rival with its successful "Shrek", "Kung Fu Panda", and "How to Train Your Dragon" series.
In 1995, Disney partnered with Pixar to create "Toy Story", the first fully computer-animated feature. In the 2000s, many of Pixar's films, such as "Finding Nemo", "WALL-E", and "Up", garnered the same box office results and critical acclaim that the '90s Disney Renaissance films had. With the success of Pixar, then-Disney CEO Michael Eisner decided that public tastes had changed, and that it was time to get out of hand-drawn animation altogether ending with "Home on the Range". In 2005, "Chicken Little", the Disney Studios' first full CGI animated feature, received mixed to negative reviews from critics though it performed well at the box office, whereas their second CGI feature in 2007, "Meet the Robinsons" received favorable reviews, but had a modest box office performance. In 2006, Disney purchased Pixar for $7.4 billion and promoted Pixar's co-founder, John Lasseter, to oversee all of Disney's animated projects. In 2008, Disney's first CGI feature made after the Pixar acquisition, "Bolt", was released to critical acclaim and was a box office success.
When John Lasseter took over the animation division with the purchase of Pixar, Disney announced they would return to traditional animation with the 2009 release of "The Princess and the Frog", which was largely well received by critics and audiences alike and a financial success (grossing over $270 million). With a few more films under their belts, in retrospect, this film is seen as a modern turning point for the studio, and the beginning of the new Disney Revival era of films. In 2010, Disney released its 50th animated feature "Tangled", which marked a new direction for the studio, blending 3D CGI animation with traditional techniques. Following the tradition of the 1990s animated films, "Tangled" was a musical fairy tale loosely based on the story of "Rapunzel." The film was a highly critical and commercial success, earning more than $500 million worldwide and reigniting interest in Walt Disney Animation Studios. "Winnie the Pooh" followed in 2011 and was critically acclaimed, but received modest returns at the box office. In 2012, "Wreck-It Ralph" was released to similar critical and commercial success as "Tangled". It was nominated for Best Animated Feature at the Oscars and the Golden Globes. In 2013, the studio released "Frozen", a musical film loosely based on the fairy tale "The Snow Queen", which was released to widespread acclaim and broke box office records during its first weekend of release. It went on to become the first film from Walt Disney Animation Studios to gross $1 billion worldwide. "Frozen" also won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature as well as the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Let it Go."
Reception.
Critical reaction.
Most of the films Disney released in the Renaissance era were well-received, as in the film critic site Rotten Tomatoes, four out of the first five—"The Little Mermaid," "Beauty and the Beast", "Aladdin", and "The Lion King"—have the best critical reception (with over 90% positive reviews), while "Pocahontas" has the lowest reception of Disney's "renaissance" films (with 56% of positive reviews).
Academy Awards.
Nine of the ten films in the Disney Renaissance were nominated for Academy Awards, six of which won at least one Oscar:

</doc>
<doc id="18413590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413590" title="Pros &amp; Cons (comic strip)">
Pros &amp; Cons (comic strip)

Pros & Cons is a comic strip about a lawyer, a psychiatrist and a police officer created by Glasgow–based artist Kieran Meehan. It was known as A Lawyer, A Doctor & A Cop before July 7, 2008, when it was renamed in an effort to make the title easier to remember.
Characters.
Lyndon Peel is a sophisticated psychiatrist who is happily oblivious to his own issues.
Samuel Rhodes is a skeptical defense attorney. He is married to Michele. They have an opinionated seven-year-old named Jack, who is based on Meehan's younger brother, David, and nephew, Michael.
Stan Defoe, a tough-talking detective, is dedicated and street-wise.
Sophie Defoe, Stan's sister, is the sagacious proprietor of 'Defoe’s Diner'
Gillian Jaggers, a brilliant District Attorney, is a ruthless opponent to Samuel in the courtroom. She and Stan are dating.

</doc>
<doc id="18413605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413605" title="Magoffin County Pioneer Village and Museum">
Magoffin County Pioneer Village and Museum

Magoffin County Pioneer Village and Museum is museum in downtown Salyersville, Kentucky that exhibits a collection of reconstructed log buildings from, mostly, the eastern region of Kentucky. The Magoffin County Historical Society maintains a Library and Archives Center with a collection of genealogical and historical material at the site.
Most of the cabins displayed in the reconstructed village date back to the early 19th century. The structures use all original materials from the log buildings. The buildings are disassembled and then transported to the Pioneer Village for reassembly on site. 

</doc>
<doc id="18413606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413606" title="Harley Schwadron">
Harley Schwadron

Harley Schwadron is an American cartoonist whose work appears in newspapers and magazines, large and small. His freelance cartoons appear regularly in the "Wall Street Journal", "Barron's Magazine", "Forbes", "Harvard Business Review", "Playboy", "National Law Journal", "Readers Digest" as well as many smaller publications. He draws a daily syndicated business panel, "9 to 5", for Tribune Media Services.
Schwadron's op-ed cartoons appear in such publications as "Washington Post", "Christian Science Monitor", "Washington Times", "Liberal Opinion Week" and many others. For many years he worked as a cartoonist for England's "Punch Magazine". He lives and works in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Books.
Schwadron has illustrated many books, including "No Husband Should Be Without a Wife" (with Dick Emmons), "The Money is the Gravy: Finding a Career that Nourishes You" (Time Warner), "101 President Jokes" (Scholastic), "101 Cat and Dog Jokes" (Scholastic), and more than 25 "Chicken Soup for the Soul" books. His cover and inside illustrations have appeared in University of Michigan "Alumnus", Bowdoin Alumni Magazine, U. Michigan "Dividend" Magazine and U-M Institute for Social Research newsletters, among others. His "Zeke the Geek" posters illustrated a U. Michigan campus computer password safety campaign. His cartoons have been reprinted in more than 1000 college and professional textbooks.
Harley first worked as an urban affairs reporter for the "Hartford Times" and then became a writer and law school alumni magazine editor at the University of Michigan News Service. After 20 years as a writer and editor, he became a full time cartoonist in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18413609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413609" title="Carlos Lillo">
Carlos Lillo

Carlos Lillo (born October 2, 1915, date of death unknown) was a Chilean boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the lightweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Nikolai Stepulov. Due to a scoring miscalculation, Thomas Hamilton-Brown was eliminated until the error was discovered several days later.

</doc>
<doc id="18413613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413613" title="Commercial Building at 32 West Bridge Street">
Commercial Building at 32 West Bridge Street

The Commercial Building at 32 West Bridge Street in Catskill, New York, USA was built in 1890. It is significant as a largely intact example of the Italianate architecture of that period. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18413620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413620" title="Rubus parvifolius">
Rubus parvifolius

Rubus parvifolius, native raspberry, or small-leaf bramble, is a scrambling shrub occurring in heathland and eucalyptus woodland native to eastern Australia.
Native raspberry young stems are finely pubescent, becoming hairless with age. The leaves are pinnate with 3 to 5 toothed leaflets. Flowers have red or pink petals. The red fruit is 1 cm wide. 
Uses.
The red fruit is pleasantly flavored and can be eaten out-of-hand or used in sauces and jams.
It has shown hepatoprotective and antioxidant activities in studies on mice.

</doc>
<doc id="18413631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413631" title="Rosso (surname)">
Rosso (surname)

Rosso is a surname of Italian origin, which means "red". The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18413637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413637" title="Douglas H. Turner">
Douglas H. Turner

Douglas "Doug" H. Turner is an American chemist and Professor of Chemistry at the University of Rochester.
Early life.
Doug Turner grew up in Brooklyn, NY where he claims, "As a stick ball player I developed the best curve ball and screwball on my block" .
Education.
Doug attended Harvard College, where he graduated cum laude in Chemistry and was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army. He did his graduate work in the Chemistry Departments of Columbia University and Brookhaven National Labs, where he worked with George Flynn and Norman Sutin to develop the Raman laser temperature jump method for measuring kinetics on a nanosecond time scale. During this period, he also spent three months in Anniston, Alabama taking the Officer's Basic Course of the Army's Chemical Corp. Deciding that he liked science more than war, he turned down the opportunity to continue as an active duty officer and went to the University of California to postdoc with Ignacio Tinoco, Jr.. There, he invented fluorescence detected circular dichroism for measuring the optical activity of the fluorescent component of a solution.
Professional life and scientific achievements.
In 1975, Doug joined the faculty of the Chemistry Department at the University of Rochester, where he is still a Professor. Doug was also lucky to be part of the academic family of Tom Cech (Nobel Prize in Chemistry, 1989) during 2 sabbatical years at University of Colorado at Boulder. Doug has been unusually lucky with his own academic family of 9 postdocs, 32 students who have graduated with Ph.D.'s, and his other collaborators. Together, they have discovered many of the fundamental principles that determine RNA structure. These principles, dubbed the "Turner Rules", are used in almost every RNA structure prediction algorithm. This has helped advance methods for predicting RNA structure from sequence, as well as RNA-RNA interactions: e.g. miRNA or siRNA target binding. Methods using the Turner Rules are widely used by biochemists and biologists. In his own lab, these methods were used to discover potentially medically important RNA structures in influenza virus including an RNA pseudoknot that may play a role in regulating splicing at the Influenza A Segment 7 Splice Site.
Papers coauthored by Doug have been cited over 15,000 times. The work has also been recognized by Sloan and Guggenheim Fellowships, election as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science,selection by the American Chemical Society as a Gordon Hammes Lecturer, continuous funding of an NIH grant that started in 1976, and coauthorship of more than 200 papers.
Doug has also served the scientific community by often teaching the first year undergraduate Chemistry course and the graduate biophysical chemistry course, by being a member of several NIH Study Sections, the Advisory Board of the Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry in Poznan, and the editorial board of the Biophysical Journal. He also co-chaired a Nucleic Acids Gordon Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18413650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413650" title="Hidekichi Nagamatsu">
Hidekichi Nagamatsu

Hidekichi Nagamatsu (; August 4, 1914 – November 18, 1992) was a Japanese boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Nikolai Stepulov.

</doc>
<doc id="18413672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413672" title="Instruch River">
Instruch River

The Instruch (; ; ; ) is a river in Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. It develops northeast of Dobrovolsk (formerly Pillkallen, Schlossberg between 1938-1946) and, along with the Angrapa River, forms the Pregolya near Chernyakhovsk.
Prior to 1945, the river was part of German East Prussia. The town of Insterburg (now Chernyakhovsk) was named after the river's German name, "Inster".

</doc>
<doc id="18413685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413685" title="Lisa del Bo">
Lisa del Bo

Lisa del Bo, was born Reinhilde Goossens on 9 June 1961 in Mopertingen, Belgium. She is a Belgian singer who is popular in her own country and also in Germany. Lisa del Bo is a Flemish singer who often sings in the Dutch language but has been known to record songs in other languages as well.
She represented Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996 with the song "Liefde is een kaartspel" where she came 16th.
She recorded a duet with fellow Belgian Helmut Lotti.

</doc>
<doc id="18413689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413689" title="Aloe forbesii">
Aloe forbesii

Aloe forbesii is a small stemless Aloe native to Socotra, Yemen.

</doc>
<doc id="18413690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413690" title="WLFX">
WLFX

WLFX (106.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a top 40 format. Licensed to Berea, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Lexington-Fayette area. The station is currently owned by Wallingford Communications, LLC and features programing from Cumulus media networks .
History.
The station went on the air as WKXO-FM on 1990-08-23. on 1999-07-19, the station changed its call sign to the current WLFX.

</doc>
<doc id="18413697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413697" title="WLCR">
WLCR

WLCR (1040 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Catholic radio format. Licensed to Mt Washington, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Louisville area. The station is currently owned by LCR Partners, L.P..
History.
The station went on the air as WBUL on 1984-08-20. on 1999-05-26, the station changed its call sign to the current WLCR. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413709" title="WLGC (AM)">
WLGC (AM)

WLGC (1520 AM) is a news radio station licensed to Greenup, Kentucky while their studio is located in Ashland, Kentucky. The station's transmitter, like WLGC-FM, remains in Greenup. The station is currently owned by Greenup County Broadcasting, Inc.
History.
The station went on the air as WLGC on May 30, 1984. On July 17, 1989, the station changed its call sign to WTCV, however they returned to the WLGC callsign on April 26, 1993.
On January 13, 2014, concurrent with WLGC-FM's rebranding as "Kool Hits 105.7", WLGC-AM became a local All-news radio format and was rebranded as "Kool Hits 105.7 NewsChannel".
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413717" title="François Aupetit">
François Aupetit

François Aupetit (born March 2, 1913, date of death unknown) was a French boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Czesław Cyraniak.

</doc>
<doc id="18413720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413720" title="Skystalker">
Skystalker

Skystalker is the name of several fictional characters in various Transformers universes.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Skystalker is the highest ranking Micromaster Decepticon. He is obsessed with power and leading the Decepticons.
Animated series.
Skystalker's only appearance in animation is the commercial for his toy. In this commercial Jazz and Bumblebee capture Skystalker and Skyhopper's vehicles and presents them to Optimus Prime, but the vehicles transform into bases full of Decepticon Micromasters and attack the Autobots. Skytalker even gets a line of dialog, ordering the Decepticon Micromasters to attack.
Dreamwave Productions.
Skystalker appears in the Dreamwave Productions Micromaster limited series. In this series Skystalker is revealed to be a formerly larger Decepticon who was converted into a Micromaster. He and his second in command Skyhopper left Cybertron and became rivals to the Autobot Micromasters Countdown and Groundshaker. In issue #2 of this series Skystalker and Skyhopper return to Cybertron after years in space conquering planets. After meeting with Shockwave the pair of Micromasters disabled him and set up the larger Autobot and Decepticon forces into a fight that left both sides drained of energy.
Skystalker also had a biography printed in the "More Than Meets The Eye" series.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Skystalker transforms into a stealth bomber. According to his bio, he flies alongside Divebomb to battle the Autobot . Skystalker lets Divebomb become an easy target for Scattorshot, hoping to sneak up from behind and capture the Autobot.
IDW Publishing.
In California the Autobots set a trap for Starscream's minions Divebomb, Fearswoop and Skystalker by having Theodore Galloway pose as an arms dealer attempting to purchase Cybertronian technology. The trap is uncovered and the Autobots send in Arcee, Chromia, Elita-One, Ironhide, Mudflap and Skids. Divebomb and Skystalker are killed while Fearswoop is captured by the Autobots and taken back to the NEST base on Diego Garcia.
Transformers: Prime.
Skystalker is a Predacon revealed to appear in "". 
IDW Publishing.
Another character named Backbite that appeared in "Rage of the Dinobots" uses the same design.
Animated series.
While Skystalker has not actually appeared in-show, an image similar to his beast mode appeared briefly in "Project Predacon", and Predaking had a vision of a similar looking Predacon when he came across a fossilized optic in "Chain of Command". A character named Skylynx introduce in "Predacons Rising" (the series' finale), uses the same character design as Skystalker.

</doc>
<doc id="18413723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413723" title="WLKS-FM">
WLKS-FM

WLKS-FM (102.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to West Liberty, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Morgan County Industries, Inc..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413724" title="WLKS (AM)">
WLKS (AM)

WLKS (1450 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Oldies format. Licensed to West Liberty, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Morgan County Industries, Inc. and features programing from Westwood One.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413735" title="Bálint Bajner">
Bálint Bajner

Bálint Bajner (born 18 November 1990 in Szombathely) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Borussia Dortmund II.
Club career.
Bajner joined West Ham in July 2008 on a season long loan. He returned to Liberty Oradea at the end of the 2008–09 season as West Ham decided not to take up the option of a permanent transfer when his loan ended.
In Hungary's opening match of the 2008–09 Under-19 European Championship qualifying match against San Marino, Bajner scored a 16-minute hat-trick as his side won 6–0
On 14 October 2011, Bajner joined Sulmona Calcio 1921 in the Italian "Eccellenza Abruzzo" division and played his first match at Sulmona's "Pallozzi" Stadium on 16 October 2011 against Real San Salvo. Sulmona Calcio 1921 won 1–0. On 23 October 2011, Bajner scored his first goal for the "white-reds" in a 1–1 draw against Mosciano.
Borussia Dortmund.
On 1 September 2012, Bajner transferred to Borussia Dortmund II. He scored his first goal against Chemnitzer FC on 7 October 2012. 
On 24 February 2013, he made his Bundesliga debut for Borussia's first team, coming on as a substitute in an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="18413741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413741" title="WLLE">
WLLE

WLLE (102.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic Country format. Licensed to Mayfield, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Paducah, KY area. The station is currently owned by Bristol Broadcasting Company, Inc.
History.
The station was assigned call sign WCBF on 1997-04-18. On 2002-05-01, the station changed its call sign to WYKL, on 2003-05-12 to WKBG, and on 2004-06-14 to the current WLLE, 

</doc>
<doc id="18413742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413742" title="Robert Seidel">
Robert Seidel

Robert Seidel (March 12, 1918 – July 1982) was a Swiss boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Imre Harangi.

</doc>
<doc id="18413747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413747" title="WLLK-FM">
WLLK-FM

WLLK-FM (102.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Somerset, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications.
History.
The station went on the air as WLLK on 1988-06-13. on 2001-04-10, the station changed its call sign to WKII-FM, on 2004-03-15 to WHMJ-FM, on 2005-08-18 to the current WLLK-FM, 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18413749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413749" title="Friedeburgh">
Friedeburgh

Friedeburgh or Friedeburg was a short-lived castle of the Teutonic Knights in Samogitia (exact location is unknown). It was built after the Treaty of Salynas was signed in 1398 and Samogitia was granted to the Knights by Vytautas the Great, Grand Duke of Lithuania. The castle was to become administrative center of Samogitia. Heinrich von Schwelborn was appointed as the vogt to facilitate territory's incorporation into the Monastic state of the Teutonic Knights (sometimes future Grand Master Michael Küchmeister von Sternberg is incorrectly given as the first vogt of Samogitia; he was appointed only after the Peace of Raciąż of 1404). Here the last recorded "Table of Honor" was held. The castle was burned in March 1401 by the Samogitians during the first Samogitian uprising. The uprising was subdued in 1404, but the castle was not rebuilt immediately. Instead the Knights built new castles near the Dubysa River. Only in 1408 reconstruction works began. Teutonic records show that in spring 1409 four skilled carpenters and 30 men were working to rebuilt the castle. The same year Samogitian rose against the Knights for the second time. Vytautas besieged the fortress and it had to surrender due to lack of food before reinforcements from Prussia could arrive.

</doc>
<doc id="18413757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413757" title="Mayfouq">
Mayfouq

Mayfouq, also Mayfouk () is a Lebanese village in Byblos (Jbeil) district, Mount Lebanon.
it is located at 60 km from Beirut, with altitudes that varies from 800m to 1100m
It was the second Maronite Patriarchal location in Lebanon.
Main Interests.
Achtarout Club: ( ) Founded by Joseph Noon, Mayfouq's team won several trophies and was champion of Jbeil clubs tournament in Volleyball for 4 years. ( see more on Mayfouq.com and baldati.com [http://www.baldati.com)
Municipality: Mayfouq have a municipality since 2002, the current president is Youssef Adib Wehbe.
Convents: Our Lady of Mayfouq Convent and Mar Challita Convent (Kattara), under the patronage of The Lebanese Maronite Order.
Churches: Our Lady of Ilige, Our Lady of Mayfouq, Mart Moura, Al Sayde Kfarchelli, and many other deserted churches such Mar Saba, St Georges (Mar Girgis).
Schools: The Convent primary school and Mayfouq's Secondary Official School.

</doc>
<doc id="18413763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413763" title="WLLV">
WLLV

WLLV (1240 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel music format. Licensed to Louisville, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Louisville area. The station is currently owned by Anchor Radio, LLC.
The station signed on in 1941 as WINN-AM, a pop station. In 1961, the station turned to Country & Western music and remained so until late 1982, when it was sold to a group of African-American pastors from the Chicago, IL area. The format changed to Traditional Black Gospel music, and the call letters changed from WINN-AM to WLLV-AM. At times, WLLV simulcasts with its sister, WLOU-AM.

</doc>
<doc id="18413796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413796" title="Dragan Pavloviḱ - Latas">
Dragan Pavloviḱ - Latas

Dragan Pavlović Latas (, born 1960, Skopje) is a Macedonian journalist of Serbian descent. He is the managing editor of the national TV Sitel, and daily newspaper "Večer" and was elected the country's "Journalist Of The Year" in 1995, 1998, 2000, 2001 and 2002. He was president of the Association of Commercial Radio & TV Broadcast (1995–1998) and General Secretary of the Macedonian Association of Journalists (2002–2007 and from 2011-). He was accused of cooperating with the Serbian secret service during the Yugoslav Wars. 

</doc>
<doc id="18413797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413797" title="Zamir Kabulov">
Zamir Kabulov

Zamir Nabiyevich Kabulov () (born 22 June 1954) is a high rank career diplomat and Russian presidential envoy to Afghanistan. He was the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Russian Federation to the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan until September 21, 2009.
Kabulov, who was born in Soviet Uzbekistan, graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1977, and went on to work in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad, in particular in Afghanistan. His Central Asian background further bolstered his position in dealing with Afghan and Pakistani issues. From 1979 to 1983 he worked in the Soviet Embassy in Iran.
From 1983 to 1987 he was second secretary in the Soviet Embassy in Kabul also responsible for relations with the press. From 1987 to 1991 he worked in the Foreign Ministry in Moscow and studied at the Diplomatic Academy in Moscow. In 1991-1992 he was councillor at the Soviet/Russian embassy in Kabul and after the embassy was closed down when the mujahideen took control of Kabul he was posted to the Russian Embassy in Pakistan.
In 1995 Kabulov took part in talks with the Taliban in an attempt to secure the release of a Russian Il-76 crew whose plane was forced to land in Kandahar. During these talks he met with the Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar. Between 19961998, Kabulov was a senior political adviser in a special mission of the United Nations for Afghanistan, based in Pakistan. Between 1998 and 2004 Kabulov worked as the Foreign Ministry's Deputy Director of the Third Department on Asia, and was a special representative of the Foreign Minister during the 2001 Bonn Agreement talks on Afghanistan.
On 18 March 2004, Kabulov presented his diplomatic credentials to Hamid Karzai, the head of the Transitional Islamic State of Afghanistan. Kabulov has been critical of the NATO mission in Afghanistan, calling it ineffective, due to alleged negligence by NATO in understanding the national, religious and cultural traditions of Afghanistan.
"The New York Times" correspondent John F. Burns, who interviewed Ambassador Kabulov in October 2008, alleges that Kabulov “is no ordinary ambassador, having served as a K.G.B. agent in Kabul — and eventually as the K.G.B. resident, Moscow’s top spy — in the 1980s and 1990s, during and after the nine-year Soviet military occupation.”

</doc>
<doc id="18413807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413807" title="Poul Kops">
Poul Kops

Poul Børge Kops (September 19, 1915 – February 23, 2000) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born in Pedersborg, Sorø municipality and was the older brother of Ebbe Kops. In 1936 he finished fourth in the lightweight class. He lost in the semi-finals to the upcoming gold medalist Imre Harangi and was not able to compete in the bronze medal both with Erik Ågren.

</doc>
<doc id="18413821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413821" title="Frank Bacon (football manager)">
Frank Bacon (football manager)

Francis Noot Bacon (22 March 1862 - 25 January 1918) was born and died in Bedminster, Bristol. He was a director of Bristol City but was installed as temporary manager between October 1910 & January 1911 after the dismissal of Harry Thickett. In January 1911 Sam Hollis took over for his third, and final, spell as manager.
Francis was also landlord of the Masonic Hotel in North St, Bedminster from 1897 until his death in 1917.
Frank Bacon is the great-great-grandfather of footballer Mike Hooper.

</doc>
<doc id="18413822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413822" title="Cleveland Railway">
Cleveland Railway

Cleveland Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18413830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413830" title="Redoctane X-Plorer Controller">
Redoctane X-Plorer Controller

Publishers Activision and RedOctane released the RedOctane X-Plorer Controller bundled with Guitar Hero II for the Xbox 360, some bundles of Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock, or available separately. This same controller was also bundled with for the personal computer (PC) and Macintosh. The Xbox 360 controller works with the PC using a driver with Windows (XP SP2 or Vista only). The case for the game disc and manual of Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock for the PC called the controller the "Guitar Hero 3 Official PC Guitar Controller".
The RedOctane X-Plorer Controller for these games is based on the Gibson Explorer, a type of electric guitar. It is also the only guitar controller officially supported by Aspyr Media (developer of the PC and Macintosh releases). The guitar controller plugs into the Xbox 360 via the USB ports. The PC and Macintosh releases have the same software limitation of two local players at a time. The guitar's cord uses the break away cord connection, like controllers of the original Xbox console.
The controller includes two input connections:
The insides of the guitar show a few interesting things:
When the controller is connected to a Windows Vista or Windows XP PC, it shows up as a game controller. This allows you to see button presses and the tilt sensors. Currently, only one tilt sensor is used by the Guitar Hero games.

</doc>
<doc id="18413854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413854" title="Lidoro Oliver">
Lidoro Oliver

Lidoro Julian Oliver (born September 18, 1915) is an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Poul Kops.

</doc>
<doc id="18413858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413858" title="Carol Herselle Krinsky">
Carol Herselle Krinsky

Carol Herselle Krinsky (1937- ) Architectural historian, born in New York City, New York, USA. She studied at Smith College (1957 BA) New York University, (Ph.D. 1965) Krinsky is a professor of twentieth-century architectural history at New York University. She is a former President of the Society of Architectural Historians.

</doc>
<doc id="18413865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413865" title="USS Inca (SP-1212)">
USS Inca (SP-1212)

USS "Inca" (SP-1212) was a 62-foot-long motorboat leased by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as a patrol craft, but was additionally assigned other duties, such as rescue craft, seaplane tender, and dispatch boat. She served in the Boston, Massachusetts, and Hampton Roads, Virginia, waterways until war’s end when she was returned to her owner.
Constructed in Rhode Island.
The third ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Inca" was a motor boat, built in 1917 and acquired by the Navy from her owner, F. B. McQuesten of Boston, Massachusetts. USS "Inca", a 23-ton motor patrol boat, was one of a group of nine motor boats built by Herreshoff Manufacturing Company, Bristol, Rhode Island, in 1917 in the expectation that their private owners would make them available for First World War service.
She was acquired by the Navy in July 1917 and commissioned 28 July 1917 at Boston, Ensign R. B. Fuller, USNRF, in command.
World War I service.
A versatile craft, "Inca" was first assigned to the First Naval District and patrolled outer Boston Harbor. She also performed coast convoy duties with submarines during this period, and acted as test ship for submarine signaling and detector devices. 
She was reassigned to Fifth Naval District in October 1917 and arrived Hampton Roads, Virginia, 3 November. "Inca's" job was to serve as rescue ship for aircraft from the Naval Air Station on flights over the Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River. 
She also served as a seaplane tender during 1918, and spent time on harbor patrol in Hampton Roads. "Inca" was assigned 26 July 1918 to the Industrial Department, Hampton Roads, as a dispatch boat, and remained on this duty for the rest of her time in Navy service. "Inca" lost her name in 1918 and was thereafter called simply USS "SP-1212".
Post-war disposition.
"Inca" was returned to her owner in 17 April 1919 after the end of the wartime emergency

</doc>
<doc id="18413873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413873" title="Yuri Petrovich Figatner">
Yuri Petrovich Figatner

Yuri Petrovich Figatner (1889 - 1937) was a Soviet party functionary who investigated the Russian Academy of Sciences in 1929.
Figatner was born in Odessa to Jewish parents.

</doc>
<doc id="18413874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413874" title="Deerhurst Resort">
Deerhurst Resort

Deerhurst Resort in Huntsville, Ontario, is two hours north of Toronto in Ontario's Muskoka region, bordering the Algonquin Provincial Park. The resort dates from 1896 when it was first opened by English entrepreneur Charles Waterhouse. The lakeside hotel was the central venue of the 36th G8 summit in 2010.
Facility.
Deerhurst's evening entertainment features a live musical stage show with a new production every year. The career of singer Shania Twain took off when she was one of the performers working at the resort.
History.
Deerhurst was the first major resort on the northern lakes of Muskoka. In the early days, Deerhurst's lodge was accessible only by steamboat and the property encompassed only four acres of waterfront. In 1896, Deerhurst hosted two guests who paid $3.50 per person per week, three meals a day included. By the 1990s, Deerhurst had expanded to nearly and could accommodate 1,000 guests.
Deerhurst is now run by Skyline International Developments and is under the flag of Skyline Hotels & Resorts. The Waterhouse financial interests in Deerhurst were sold in 1989.
36th G8 summit.
The 36th G8 summit at Deerhurst was the fifth G8 Summit hosted by Canada since 1976.
Families who had timeshares for more than 20 years during the first week of July were obliged make other plans because they confronted an unexpected scheduling conflict.
Adventure Sports Destination.
Deerhurst hosts a variety of high-profile outdoor sporting events, including golf tournaments, running and triathlon events like the new IronMan 70.3. For six years (2006-2012) Deerhurst hosted the Canadian Pond Hockey Championships on specialty-built rinks on Peninsula Lake. 
Since 2005, Deerhurst has hosted adventure racing on the first weekend in May, organized by Frontier Adventure Sports & Training. The Frontier Adventure Challenge is open to any adventurous athletes, while the High School Adventure Challenge is the first and only event of its kind in Canada purely for High School students. 
Extensive wilderness on Deerhurst's property and surrounding the resort make it a popular base for adventure sports.
Golf.
Deerhurst is home to two 18 hole golf courses, the Highlands and the Lakeside. Deerhurst Highlands is the larger of the two and was ranked as Score Golf's Best Resort Course in Ontario 2011 as well as #11 out of all public golf courses in Ontario in Score Golf's latest ranking. Lakeside is a smaller course in the heart of the resort, with a par of only 64. 

</doc>
<doc id="18413877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413877" title="2001 term United States Supreme Court opinions of David Souter">
2001 term United States Supreme Court opinions of David Souter


</doc>
<doc id="18413891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413891" title="Rourke">
Rourke

Rourke is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18413920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413920" title="Blueboy (band)">
Blueboy (band)

Blueboy were an indie pop band formed in Reading, Berkshire who were signed to Sarah Records and later Shinkansen Recordings. Core members Keith Girdler and Paul Stewart also recorded as Arabesque and Beaumont.
History.
Blueboy formed around 1989 and initially consisted of Keith Girdler (on vocals) and Paul Stewart (on guitars), formerly of little-known band Feverfew. They soon signed to Sarah Records, releasing the home-recorded single "Clearer" in 1991, and took on more members, including singer/cellist Gemma Townley and second guitarist Harvey Williams (of The Field Mice/Another Sunny Day). "Clearer" was followed by several singles and two albums on Sarah, "If Wishes Were Horses" and "Unisex". In October 1994, Blueboy recorded a session for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show. Their final release, "The Bank of England", was released in 1998 on Sarah head Matt Haynes' new label, Shinkansen Recordings. By then, Girdler and Stewart were the only original members of the band. Girdler and Stewart were also involved in two other bands, Arabesque and Beaumont, and Girdler also recorded with Lovejoy. Townley later joined Trembling Blue Stars, as did Williams.
Keith Girdler was diagnosed with cancer in 2004, and he died on May 15, 2007. Prior to his death, he was working as volunteer manager for Age Concern, in Eastbourne.
In 2008, Siesta Records issued a compilation album called "Country Music (Songs for Keith Girdler)". The compilation was put together by Richard Preece (of Lovejoy) to raise money for the Martletts Hospice in Hove who cared for Girdler.

</doc>
<doc id="18413941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413941" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1982">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1982

This is the list of singles that reached number one on the "Cash Box" Top 100 Singles chart in 1982, presented in chronological order.

</doc>
<doc id="18413961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18413961" title="Fulford Harbour, British Columbia">
Fulford Harbour, British Columbia

Fulford Harbour is a residential community on the southeast side of Salt Spring Island, British Columbia, located near the island's southern end. Fulford Harbour is the site of a BC Ferries terminal with regular ferry service to Swartz Bay on Vancouver Island.
Fulford was named for Captain John Fulford of the which was the flagship of the Pacific Station from 1857 to 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="18414010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414010" title="Fritz Zulauf">
Fritz Zulauf

Fritz Zulauf (19 April 1893 – December 1941) was a Swiss sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 he won a bronze medal in the 30 metre military pistol event and a second bronze medal as member of the Swiss team in the team 30 metre military pistol competition. He was also part of the Swiss team which finished ninth in the team 50 metre free pistol competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18414036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414036" title="Adel–DeSoto–Minburn School District">
Adel–DeSoto–Minburn School District

The Adel–DeSoto–Minburn School District is based in Adel, Iowa. The school district includes Adel-DeSoto-Minburn High School, also called ADM. Nile Kinnick, the 1939 Heisman Trophy winner, attended school in the district until his junior year, when his family moved to Omaha, Nebraska after his father had found work there.

</doc>
<doc id="18414037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414037" title="Portage Lake (Michigan)">
Portage Lake (Michigan)

Portage Lake is a natural lake, located in Onekama Township in Manistee County, Michigan. The village of Onekama, Michigan is situated at the northeastern end of the lake.
History.
The Lake was first identified as Portage Lake in 1837, when Joseph Stronach named the natural stream at Portage Point that flowed into Lake Michigan as Portage Creek. In that same year, the U.S. Government survey identified the lake as "O-nek-a-ma-engk or Portage Lake". The 26th Congress first published this survey information. The first map to show and to name the lake was entitled "The State of Michigan and the Surrounding Country," published by John Farmer of Detroit in 1844.
The lake was first formed during the Wisconsinian glacial age (10,000 to 75,000 years ago) as an arm of Lake Michigan that later closed. It has a watershed with a number of ground-fed small streams.
In more recent times and up until 14 May 1871, the lake was a landlocked body of water with a water level about 12 to above the level of Lake Michigan. On that date in 1871, homesteaders around the lake, who had objected to the practices of the saw mill owner at Portage in raising the lake level to power their saw mill, dug a channel through the narrow isthmus about a mile south of the natural outlet at Portage Creek. 
This new man-made channel lowered the level of Portage Lake to that of Lake Michigan and dried out Portage Creek. As a result of this, the small community at Portage relocated to the previously submerged far northeastern corner of Portage Lake under its official new Post Office name, Onekama, in 1871.
The man who had managed the Portage Mill, Augustine W. Farr became the key figure in establishing the town in its new location and in beginning to lobby for the designation of Portage Lake as a harbor of refuge.
On the day following the opening of the channel in May 1871, the first vessel to enter Portage Lake from Lake Michigan was the tugboat "Williams". In honor of this, the area on the south side at the Portage Lake was named Williamsport, Michigan, but due to the development of Onekama at the far end of the Portage Lake, Williamsport, Michigan never developed as had been originally hoped.
In 1878, Congress recognized the desire to survey the Lake as a first step toward developing a harbor of refuge, as there was no safe harbor in a westerly gale in an stretch of coastline between Ludington, Michigan and South Manitou Island. Congress appropriated the first funds to develop the Portage Lake harbor of refuge in 1879 and work continued on and off for decades.
Lighthouse. The first light was established on the pierhead in 1891. In 1893, the channel had a depth of with north and south piers long with a red light on a high pole. The first and only resident lighthouse keeper at Portage Lake Light was John Langland, who served from 1891 to 1917. In 1899 River and Harbors Act provided for the first time to put harbor works under continuous contract. At that point, plans were laid to dredge the channel to a depth of and to extend the north and south piers. 
By 1914, steam ships of the Northern Michigan Transportation Company and the Pere Marquette Line regularly called at the Portage Point Inn, bringing passengers from Chicago and Milwaukee.
Yacht Clubs.
The first yacht club established on Portage Lake was the Onekama Sailing Club established in 1896 and which survived until about 1910. This club was located on an acre of land at the southeast end of Portage Lake.
About 1936, the Portage Lake Yacht Club was established for small boat sailing on the Lake and was initially located at the Portage Point Inn. Organized by Murray Campbell, George Cartland, Walter Hardy, Lewis Hardy, Homer Hattendorf, John Heskett, Bill Smythe, the Tomlinsons, Leonard Vaughan, Warren Vaughan, and others, particularly their active sailing children.
The Club was incorporated in 1946 and a small club house was built on Portage Point near the Portage Lake end of the North pier at the end of Portage Point Drive. The Club has continued to award the Pabst Cup, which was originally donated by the Pabst Brewery to the Onekama Sailing Club. They also have weekly sunfish races. 
Shipwrecks.
There are two known shipwrecks located inside Portage Lake: 
Modern conditions and facilities.
In 2008, Portage Lake has three facilities for yachtsmen:
The current chart of Portage Lake is NOAA Nautical Chart Great Lakes # 14939

</doc>
<doc id="18414039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414039" title="Alexander Prishchepov">
Alexander Prishchepov

Alexander Lvovich Prishchepov () (born 29 July 1948) is a career diplomat and is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Russian Federation to the Republic of Albania.
Prishchepov graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1971, and went on to work in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad.
On 26 August 2005, Prishchepov was appointed as Ambassador of Russia to Albania.
Prishchepov speaks Russian, English, French and Turkish.

</doc>
<doc id="18414059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414059" title="Domenico Giambonini">
Domenico Giambonini

Domenico Giambonini (11 November 1868 – 8 August 1956) was a Swiss sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Lugano and died in Bellinzona.
In 1920 he won a bronze medal as member of the Swiss team in the team 30 metre military pistol competition. He was also part of the Swiss team which finished ninth in the team 50 metre free pistol competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18414078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414078" title="Ruddy (surname)">
Ruddy (surname)

Ruddy is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18414080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414080" title="Ian Saxelby">
Ian Saxelby

Ian Saxelby (born 22 May 1989) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who currently plays for Gloucestershire. He was born in Nottingham.
Playing career.
Saxelby made his Second XI debut for the Nottinghamshire team in the 2006 Second XI trophy in a game in which Francois du Plessis and Josh Mierkalns made a double-century and a century respectively. In July 2008 Saxelby appeared for England Under-19s in a game against a Bangladesh A team.
Saxelby made his first-class debut later in the same month for Gloucestershire against Middlesex. He suffered a freak injury in 2009 when he dislocated his shoulder getting out of a swimming pool, after enjoying a good start to the season.
In 2011, Saxelby took an impressive 49 County Championship wickets, which earned him a 3-year contract. On 16 August 2012, Saxelby was ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury. Coach, John Bracewell was concerned that by October, Saxelby was not making good progress.
Career best performances.
"as of 12 December 2012"
Personal life.
Saxelby's uncle, Kevin, played for Nottinghamshire between 1978 and 1990, while another uncle, Mark, died in 2000 of disputed causes, posited either as weedkiller poisoning or suicide due to clinical depression.

</doc>
<doc id="18414089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414089" title="Escorts Group">
Escorts Group

The Escorts Group is an Indian multinational engineering conglomerate that operates in the sectors of agri-machinery, construction and material handling equipment, railway equipment and auto components. Headquartered in Faridabad, Haryana, the company was launched in 1944 and has operations in more than 40 countries. Escorts Group’s management team includes Rajan Nanda as the Chairman and Managing Director and Nikhil Nanda as the Managing Director.
Businesses.
Escorts Agri Machinery.
A pioneer of farm mechanisation in India, Escorts Agri Machinery (EAM) was launched in 1960. The company manufactures tractor under the brand names of Escort, Farmtrac and Powertrac. EAM consists of four manufacturing plants that cover an area of 134,000 sq.m. The company also has a plant in Poland, which is a 100% subsidiary and functions in the name of Farmtrac Europe.
Escorts Construction Equipment.
Escorts Construction Equipment(ECE) manufacturers and markets construction and material handling equipment like cranes, loaders, vibratory rollers,Backhoe Loader and forklifts. The company introduced the concept of Pick 'n' Carry hydraulic mobile cranes in the 1970s in India. The ECE manufacturing and assembly facility is located across 250,000 sq.ft. of space in Faridabad.
Escorts Railway Products.
Escorts Railway Products (ERP) is an ISO 9001 certified company that manufactures critical railway components. ERP supplies air brake system, EP brake system, draft gears and couplers, composition brake blocks, dampers and rubber components to Indian Railways.
Escorts Auto Products.
Escorts Auto Products (EAP) manufactures auto suspension products such as shock absorbers, struts and telescopic front forks for the automotive industry. The company pioneered automotive shock absorber manufacturing in India in 1966 in technical collaboration with Fichtel & Sachs, Germany. The EAP manufacturing unit is spread across an area of 12,500 sq. ft. in Faridabad.
Knowledge Management Centre.
Set up in 1976, the Escorts Knowledge Management Centre (KMC) is spread over 100,000 sq.m. area in Faridabad. This centre designs the entire tractor – engine, transmission plus hydraulic systems and vehicle design consisting of sheet metal (including styling), controls and accessories.
The KMC has facilities such as engine laboratory featuring computerized test beds with online control, data acquisition and analysis, advanced vehicle testing laboratory, noise vibration and harshness lab, metrology lab, and materials engineering lab. The KMC uses 3D-modeling, analysis and simulation software for engines, transmissions and vehicles. Physical prototypes are then tested for performance, durability and reliability.
Awards and Recognitions.
as

</doc>
<doc id="18414096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414096" title="God Made You Special">
God Made You Special

God Made You Special is a special DVD collection of VeggieTales episodes released by Big Idea, Inc.
Stories.
This features four classic stories:
Silly Songs.
This features two silly songs:

</doc>
<doc id="18414106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414106" title="Afrânio da Costa">
Afrânio da Costa

Afrânio Antônio da Costa (1892 – June 26, 1979) was a Brazilian sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Rio de Janeiro.
In 1920 he won the silver medal in the 50 metre free pistol event and the bronze medal with the Brazilian team in the team 50 metre free pistol competition. He was also part of the Brazilian team which finished fourth in the .

</doc>
<doc id="18414112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414112" title="Black Patch War (album)">
Black Patch War (album)

Black Patch War is an EP from Seattle-based hip-hop duo, Common Market. It is the group's second release. The title is a reference to the American Black Patch Tobacco Wars of the early 20th century, a continuation of the title of the group's forthcoming full-length album, "Tobacco Road" which takes its name from the tobacco-producing region of North Carolina.
According to lyricist RA Scion, the EP "represents the essence of compromise." After having much difficulty securing distribution for "Tobacco Road", the duo opted to hold on to the album on the condition that they would release new material in May 2008.
With little promotion and the initial expectation of an early-2008 release for "Tobacco Road", the EP caught many fans, friends of the band, and even RA Scion's mother by surprise.
In a series of posts on his blog, "six minutes to sunrise," RA Scion posted the lyrics to the songs and detailed the references in the lyrics. The specific song posts are referenced in the track listing below. As of August 22, 2008, six tracks of the EP have been covered.

</doc>
<doc id="18414152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414152" title="Ihor Oshchypko">
Ihor Oshchypko

Ihor Oshchypko (; born 25 October 1985, Serafyntsi, Horodenka Raion, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
History.
He was promoted from the reserve squad of Karpaty and debuted in the Premier League on 1 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18414176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414176" title="Piedra">
Piedra

Piedra (also known as "Trichosporosis") is a hair disease caused by a fungus.
Types include:

</doc>
<doc id="18414193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414193" title="Lithuanian Figure Skating Championships">
Lithuanian Figure Skating Championships

The Lithuanian Figure Skating Championships are the annual figure skating national championships held to crown the national champions of Lithuania. Skaters compete in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing, across different levels, though some are not held in every year due to a lack of entries. The Championships are organized by the Lithuanian Skating Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18414196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414196" title="USS Inca (ID-3219)">
USS Inca (ID-3219)

USS "Inca" (ID-3219) was a tugboat acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was assigned to the Parris Island, South Carolina, Marine barracks. She served until 1 February 1919.
Constructed in Camden, New Jersey.
The fourth ship to be so named, "Inca", an iron tug, was built in 1879 by J. H. Dialogue & Sons, Camden, New Jersey; and acquired by the Navy 31 July 1918. She commissioned 2 August 1918.
World War I service.
The tug was assigned to the 6th Naval District, headquartered at Charleston, South Carolina, and operated until after World War I ended at Parris Island Marine Barracks, South Carolina.
Post-war disposition.
She was stricken from the Navy List 1 February 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18414208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414208" title="Fritz Kuchen">
Fritz Kuchen

Fritz Kuchen (September 10, 1877 – May 26, 1973) was a Swiss sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 he won a bronze medal in the 300 metre military rifle, prone event as well as two bronze medals as member of the Swiss team in the team free rifle competition and in the team 300 and 600 metre military rifle, prone competition.
In the 1920 Summer Olympics he also participated in the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="18414213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414213" title="Botswana Police College">
Botswana Police College

The Botswana Police College is located in Otse in the South East District. An ultra-modern new college campus for meeting the training needs of the Botswana Police Service was designed by FMA Architects Ltd (Canadian Architect - Samuel Oboh - was a resident Architect on this project), constructed by Stocks Building Africa and completed in 2000 at a cost of 230 million Pula.
The police college shares its campus with the International Law Enforcement Academies' Gaborone academy, known as ILEA Gaborone. It is here where law enforcement officers from more than 25 countries across Africa come to learn the latest in law enforcement techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="18414216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414216" title="Andrey Kemarsky">
Andrey Kemarsky

Andrey Vadimovich Kemarsky () (born 1955) is a career diplomat and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Russian Federation to the Republic of Angola, with concurrent accreditation to the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe.
Kemarsky graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1979, and worked in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad. 
In November 2002, Kemarsky was appointed as Ambassador of Russia to Angola, and was accredited to São Tomé and Príncipe in 2003. 
Kemarsky speaks Russian, English and Portuguese.

</doc>
<doc id="18414218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414218" title="Rudman">
Rudman

Rudman is a surname, and may refer:

</doc>
<doc id="18414235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414235" title="Jinendra Varni">
Jinendra Varni

Jinēndra Varṇī, (), one of the best-known Jain scholars of the 20th century, is known for his pioneering five-volume "Jainendra Siddhanta Kosha" and Saman Suttam compilation, the first text accepted by all Jain orders in 1800 years.
Jinēndra Varṇī was born in Panipat in 1922 to a prominent Agrawal Jain family. He struggled all his life with health problems. In 1938 he lost one lung due to tuberculosis. Still he studied electrical and wireless engineering.
Jinēndra Varṇī left home in 1957 and during his wanderings he joined the well-known Ganesh Varni, who ordained him a kṣullaka or junior monk. However, he was unable to follow the vratas of a "kṣullaka" due to his health problems and returned to being a Śrāvaka.
In 1983, approaching death, Jinēndra Varṇī began santhara on 12 April 1983 and was ordained again a "kṣullaka" by Acharya Vidyasagar. He died in samādhi on 24 May 1983.
Saman Suttam.
Saman Suttam is the religious text created in 1974 by a committee consisting of representatives of each of the major sects of Jainism to reconcile the teachings of the sects. After a gap of about nearly two thousand years following composition of Tattvartha Sutra by Acharya Umasvati this was the first text to be recognized by all Jain sects. At Umaswati's time, although multiple orders existed, there was no clear sectarian division. By the 21st century however, Jainism had gradually been divided into several sects. For someone to compile a text at this time, and for it to be approved by all sects, was an exceptional event.
Jinendra Varni compiled a book, drawing from the original prakrit (ardha-magadhi etc.) texts. It was critically examined by several monks of different orders including Muni (now Acharya) Vidyanandaji, Muni (later Acharya) Sushil Kumarji, Muni Janakavijaya, Muni Nathamal (now Acharya Mahaprajna), as well as scholars like A.N. Upadhye, Darbari Lal Kothia, Agarachand Nahta etc. Finally in an assembly on 12 December 1974 it was approved by all.
The text includes 44 chapters with topics such as Mangal Sutra (on auspiciousness), Atma Sutra (on the soul), Moksha Marga Sutra (on the path to liberation) etc.
The following verse is taken from section 37 "Anekanta-Sutra". The original text is in Prakrit. 
jeNa viNA logassa vi, vavahAro na nivvaha{i} |
tassa bhuvaNekka-guruNo, Namo aNegantavAyassa ||1||

</doc>
<doc id="18414242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414242" title="Claude Nicholson">
Claude Nicholson

Claude Nicholson (Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) Competition.
Nicholson played for the Eastern Suburbs side in the 1913 season, the year the club won its third successive premiership.In 1914 he enlisted in the armed services and serviced with the 14th field ambulance corp at 2 AGH ( Australian ground hospital) Boulogne, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18414246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414246" title="Prototype (George Lopez)">
Prototype (George Lopez)

"Prototype" is the first episode and the pilot episode of the television series "George Lopez". The episode centers on George getting promoted after 15 years working on the assembly line and has to fire either his mom or his best friend.
Plot.
George is excited about being manager and being promoted. He goes to work after a talk with his daughter Carmen Lopez, a 13-year-old, about how she wrote in a letter that she "had her period " to get out of swim class; however, she didn't really have it. George says to get back at her he will tell a lie to her and she will not know it was a lie. At work, George talks to Jack, his boss, who tells George he has to fire his mom or his best friend. Before a big barbecue taking place at George's house, George tells Angie Lopez (George's wife) that he his going to fire his mom and she might have to live with them. Angie reluctantly accepts.
Shortly after, Angie tells Carmen that she will need her to watch Max and his friends at the barbecue when they are on the slip 'n' slide. Carmen says no and Angie, furious with her, tells George to tell Carmen that she has to. George talks to her and Carmen says the reason why she doesn't want to watch Max and his friends is because if she is watching kids by a slip 'n' slide, she will need to wear a swimsuit and if she does her armpit hair will show. George finds out this is why she wouldn't go to Swim Team and George tells Carmen that she can use his shaver. At the barbecue, Carmen claims her underarms burn because of the dullness of the shaver George gave her. George finds out Carmen didn't change the blade on the shaver and tells her the shaver she used was the one that was used to shave his uncle before he was buried. Carmen begins to panic, until Angie tells her, ""That's" why you don't lie to people" believing that to be the lie he told Carmen about. After Carmen leaves, George informs Angie that what he said wasn't a lie.
After that, George tells his mom Benny Lopez, a smoking, short, drinking 50-year-old that she is fired. Benny, shocked, leaves the premises. The next day at work, George tells Jack he fired his mom. Jack, surprised, tells George that it was just a test of loyalty and George didn't really need to fire his mom. George, furious at Jack, quits. Shortly after, Jack begs him to come back and George agrees after a deal. Benny keeps her job and all is well.

</doc>
<doc id="18414248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414248" title="Gellish database">
Gellish database

A Gellish database is a semantic database that uses the formal language Gellish as the data model.
Universal data structure.
Gellish databases are semantic databases that all have the same universally applicable data structure. That data structure is suitable to contain any fact that is expressed in a Gellish language variant, such as Gellish English or Gellish Dutch. This means that the structure of a Gellish database does not need to be extended when the scope of the database increases. The data structure is based on an extended version of the object-relationship-object (ORO) principles, which state that every atomic fact is expressed as one or more binary relations. Higher order relations are converted into collections of binary relations. A Gellish database consists of one or more Naming Tables and one or more Fact Tables. A Naming Table and a Fact Table can also be combined in a Message Table, which is intended especially for data exchange between systems. Each row in a Fact Table contains one main fact and a large number of auxiliary facts. The auxiliary facts provide additional information about the main facts. For example, their status, author, creation date, validity context, language, etc. A Naming Table contains the terms, names, codes, abbreviations and synonyms by which the concepts and individual objects are named, possibly in multiple languages. They also contain unique identifiers for the named concept and things.
The universal data structure was originally defined as an implementation method for ISO 10303-221 and ISO 15926-2, both of which International Standards are based on the same ORO principles. A Gellish database requires that each fact is expressed by one or more relations and that each "relation" is explicitly classified by a relation type (= fact type). The Gellish language requires that the relation type shall be one of the Gellish standard relation types. It also requires that each "individual thing" is explicitly classified by a kind of thing, which kind shall be selected from a dictionary, such as ISO 15926-4 or from the Gellish English Dictionary-Taxonomy or its proprietary extension. In conventional databases the relation types and the classification of individual things are usually implied by the database structure, which makes them limited and not extensible. Standard fact types (relation types) in a Gellish Database can be chosen from one of the above ISO standards or from the Gellish English Dictionary-Taxonomy.
Tables.
Each Gellish Database consists of one or more Gellish Data Tables. Each of those Gellish Data Tables has basically the same structure and is standardized and is application system independent. This is different from conventional databases that usually have proprietary data structures, whereas all database tables are different. Each of the Gellish Data Tables shall contain at least the obligatory columns that are defined in specification document 'Definition of Gellish Databases and Data Exchange Messages'.
The content of Gellish Data Tables can be created conform ISO 10303-221 or ISO 15926 or can be compliant with the grammar and the dictionary of the formal Gellish English language (or a Gellish variant in any other natural language). The standardized tables, in combination with the formal Gellish language, enables to combine an arbitrary number of Gellish Data Tables into one Database. Furthermore, such a database might be centralized, but can also be a distributed database. This also enables to combine the results of a query to various independent data stores, which then act as a distributed database.
The various Gellish Data Tables all have the same core of column definitions. Apart from that core, the tables may also have one or more of the optional columns. Preferred collections of columns are defined in standard Gellish Data Table subsets.
A Gellish Database may be implemented in various formats. It can be in the form of an SQL database, or in RDF/XML, or even in XLS (the form of Excel spreadsheet tables).
Limitations of conventional databases.
Conventional databases typically consist of many tables, each of which is composed of a number of columns. The definition of those tables and columns determine the storage capabilities of the database, whereas the relations between the columns define the kinds of facts that can be stored in such a database. Those columns and relations determine the database structure that defines the expression capabilities of the database. Similar rules apply for the structure of data exchange files and thus for the information that is exchanged in electronic data files.
This conventional database technology has some major constraints:
When data was not covered during the database design and thus is not included in the data model, then such data cannot be stored in the database nor exchanged via such a data file structure.
Different databases have different data structures, which causes that data in one database cannot be integrated with data from other databases nor exchanged between databases without dedicated data conversion.
A database modification or extension requires redesign of the database structure, modification of software and data conversion, which makes it a relatively complicated and costly exercise.
Another characteristic of conventional databases is that there are hardy international standards available or used for the content of the databases, being the data that is entered by its users. This typically means that local conventions are applied to limit the diversity of data that may be entered in those databases. As local conventions usually differ from other local conventions this has as disadvantage that data that are entered in one database cannot be compared or integrated with data in other databases, even if those database structures are the same and even if the application domain of the databases is the same. For example, within a company there may be various implementations of the same system in various sites for the storage of data about equipment, whereas for example the performance data about the same type of equipment still cannot be compared with the performance data in another location, because the equipment types have different names and the properties are also different.
Characteristics.
A Gellish database does not have the semantic limitations that conventional databases have, because of the flexible and open Gellish language and because of its standard universal data structure (grammar), which is simple, computer and human interpretable. A Gellish database consists of one or more database tables, each of which has the same table structure (column definitions). Gellish databases are application-independent due to their tables being standardized and universally applicable. A standardized Gellish database table is universally applicable because it enables the application of the following two fundamental principles:
Explicit classification of individual things or explicit specialization of classes, with an unlimited number of classes in a dictionary.
The Gellish database table enables to store any kind of object; because any individual object can be introduced by specification of an explicit classification relation between the object and a class, whereas classes (kinds of objects or concepts) can be selected from the very large number of classes that are already defined in the Gellish English Dictionary and if the proper class is not available it can be added by specification of a subtype-supertype relation with a direct supertype of the new class. This is fundamentally different from conventional databases that predefine the object types (classes) about which information can be stored by defining a limited number of entity types and attribute types in a fixed data model.
Explicit classification of relations (facts), by an extensible unlimited number of standardized relation types.
The Gellish database table enables to store any kind of fact about any kind of object, because any fact is expressed by a relation, whereas those relations are explicitly classified by relation types that can be selected from the standardized relation types that are defined in the Gellish Dictionary or by relation types that are added to the dictionary as proprietary extensions. This is fundamentally different from conventional databases that predefine a fixed and limited number of relation types between the columns in the database tables (whereas unfortunately those relation types are usually defined only in an implicit way).
As a consequence, a Gellish database does not need to be modified or extended when the scope of an application changes and facts from different Gellish databases can be merged and integrated whenever required without a need for a conversion exercise.
Furthermore the content of a Gellish Database uses a common Gellish Dictionary for all its data, including for example, equipment types, property types, document types, activity types, etc.
Gellish Expressions in a Gellish Database.
A Gellish Database is a database that contains one or more standardised Gellish Database tables. Each such table contains the same predefined columns and is suitable for the expression of virtually any kind of fact such that is computer interpretable and system independent. The table can be implemented as an MSAccess database table, an SQL database table or simply as a standard table in a spreadsheet. The core of a Gellish Database table consists of three columns, just as is the case in RDF/Notation 3. Each row with those three columns in such a table expresses a main (binary) fact. For example, the fact that the Eiffel tower is located in Paris can be expressed as follows:
The left hand objects and the right hand objects may either be selected from the Gellish English dictionary or may be new proprietary objects that are introduced by defining them on separate lines. If such a new object is an individual thing, then it shall be defined by a classification relation with a class, as is done in the above table and if the new object is a class, then it shall be defined on a separate line by a specialization relation with their direct supertype. The relation types (such as 'is located in' and 'is classified as a') shall be selected from the Gellish English dictionary, otherwise the expression cannot be called standard Gellish, but becomes a proprietary extension of Gellish English.
Multi-language support.
Furthermore, a Gellish database structure supports the simultaneous use of multiple languages. This is enabled because a Gellish database table contains a separate column for the language in which a fact is expressed (see the example table below). Thus a Gellish database supports the use of various natural language specific versions of Gellish. In principle, there is a Gellish variant language for each natural language, depending on the availability of a translation of the Gellish concepts. For example, the Gellish English Dictionary defines Gellish English, and contains partial translations to Gellish Deutsch (German) and Gellish Nederlands (Dutch). International terminology (such as most units of measure and mathematical concepts) is included as International Gellish.
Unique identifiers, homonyms, synonyms and automatic translation.
A Gellish database uses a unique identifier for each thing, irrespective whether it is a user object, a concept from the Gellish dictionary, a fact or a relation type. The following Gellish database table is an extended version of the above example and includes the language in which the fact is expressed as well as the identifiers of the objects.
The unique identifiers enable the use of synonyms and homonyms and enable that a computer can automatically translate a Gellish expression in a certain language into a Gellish expression in another language. This is because the meaning of a Gellish expression is captured as a relation between the unique identifiers, so that the meaning is language-independent.
This adds automatic translation capabilities to Gellish expressions, because a Gellish message can be created e.g. in Gellish English whereas computer software can present it in another Gellish variant, such as Gellish Dutch if a dictionary or a translation is available, such as on the third line in the above table.
Auxiliary facts.
A full Gellish database table has a number of additional columns that enable the expression of auxiliary facts or data about the main facts. For example, columns for:

</doc>
<doc id="18414249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414249" title="CEAM Modèle 1950">
CEAM Modèle 1950

The CEAM Modèle 1950 was a prototype assault rifle chambered in the .30 Carbine round. It was developed by Centre d'Etudes et d'Armement de Mulhouse (CEAM) of France during the late 1940s/early 1950s, as a development of the German StG 45(M) assault rifle. The three initial prototypes, designated Modèle 1, were chambered in 7.92×33mm Kurz, 7.65×35mm (experimental French cartridges developed by Cartoucherie de Valence), and .30 Carbine. All succeeding prototypes (Modèle 1949, Modèle II, and the definitive Modèle 1950) were chambered in .30 Carbine. All versions of the design included a combined bipod/handguard and a folding buttstock. Due to economic considerations, with France fighting the Indochina War and being the second biggest NATO contributor, the weapon was cancelled. Co-designer Ludwig Vorgrimler then left for Spain, where he further developed the concept into the CETME rifle, which in turn was developed into the Heckler & Koch G3.

</doc>
<doc id="18414268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414268" title="2001 Targa Tasmania">
2001 Targa Tasmania

The 2001 Targa Tasmania was the tenth running of the Tarmac Rally event and saw the event extended to a six day format to mark the decade milestone. It was held between 18 April 2001 and 24 April 2001 on 54 competitive closed road stages in the state of Tasmania, Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18414280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414280" title="Ecthyma">
Ecthyma

Ecthyma is an ulcerative pyoderma of the skin caused by bacteria such as Pseudomonas (the most common isolate), Streptococcus pyogenes, and Staphylococcus aureus. Because ecthyma extends into the dermis, it is often referred to as a deeper form of impetigo.
Causes include insect bites and an ignored minor trauma. Wound cultures usually reveal that the lesions are teeming with bacteria.
Ecthyma describes ulcers forming under a crusted surface infection. The site may have been that of an insect bite or of neglected minor trauma. It is treated by antibiotics like cloxacillin, erythromycin, and cephalexin. Psuedomonas infections are often treated with two antibiotics due to frequent resistance.
Ecthyma has a predilection for children and elderly individuals. Outbreaks have also been reported in young military trainees
Ecthyma usually arises on the lower extremities of children, persons with diabetes, and neglected elderly patients.
During wartime in tropical climates, ecthymatous ulcers are commonly found on the ankles and dorsa of the feet.
Etiology.
Ecthyma can be seen in areas of previously sustained tissue injury (e.g., excoriations, insect bites, dermatitis). Ecthyma can be seen in patients who are immunocompromised (e.g., diabetes, neutropenia, HIV infection).
Important factors contribute to the development of streptococcal pyodermas or ecthyma:
♦ High temperature and humidity
♦ Crowded living conditions
♦ Poor hygiene
Untreated impetigo that progresses to ecthyma most frequently occurs in patients with poor hygiene.
Some strains of "Streptococcus pyogenes" have a high affinity for both pharyngeal mucosa and skin. Pharyngeal colonization of "S. pyogenes" has been documented in patients with ecthyma.
Pathophysiology.
Ecthyma begins similarly to superficial impetigo. Group A beta-hemolytic streptococci may initiate the lesion or may secondarily infect preexisting wounds. Preexisting tissue damage (e.g., excoriations, insect bites, dermatitis) and immunocompromised states (e.g., diabetes, neutropenia) predispose patients to the development of ecthyma. Spread of skin streptococci is augmented by crowding and poor hygiene.
The difference between ecthyma and impetigo is that in impetigo the erosion is at the stratum corneum, while in ecthyma the ulcer is full thickness and thus heals with scarring.
There is no racial or sexual dominance in Ecthyma.
Morbidity/Mortality.
Ecthyma rarely leads to systemic symptoms or bacteremia. Lesions are painful and can have associated lymphadenopathy. Secondary lymphangitis and cellulitis can occur. Ecthyma does heal with scarring. The rate of poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis is approximately 1%.
References.
eMedicine
http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/1052279-overview

</doc>
<doc id="18414293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414293" title="R Maher (rugby league)">
R Maher (rugby league)

R Maher(Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) Competition.
Maher played for the Eastern Suburbs side in the year 1913, the year the club won its third successive premiership.

</doc>
<doc id="18414300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414300" title="Émile Dupont">
Émile Dupont

Émile Leon Jacques Dupont (8 June 1887 – 18 March 1959) was a Belgian sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Liège.
In 1920 he won the silver medal as member of the Belgian team in the team clay pigeons competition. In the individual trap event he finished ninth.
Four years later he was part of the Belgian team which finished fourth in the team clay pigeons competition. He also participated in the individual trap event but his result is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18414304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414304" title="Taras Petrivskyi">
Taras Petrivskyi

Taras Petrivskyi (; born 3 February 1984, Stryi, Lviv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Volgar Astrakhan in the Russian National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18414305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414305" title="Karl Duncker">
Karl Duncker

Karl Duncker (2 February 1903 in Leipzig – 23 February 1940) was a Gestalt psychologist. He attended Friedrich-Wilhelms-University from 1923 to 1923, spent 1925–1926 at Clark University in Worcester, MA as a visiting professor, where he received a masters in arts degree. 
Until 1935 he was a student and assistant of the founders of Gestalt psychology in Berlin: Max Wertheimer, Wolfgang Köhler and Kurt Koffka.
In 1935, exiled by the Nazis, he got an assistantship in Cambridge with Frederic Charles Bartlett and later emigrated to the USA where he was again an assistant of Wolfgang Köhler’s at Swarthmore College. He committed suicide in 1940 at 37 years of age. He had been suffering from depression for some time and had received professional treatment. 
His younger brother Wolfgang Duncker, a communist in exile in Moscow was arrested in 1938 during the Great Purges and died in the Gulag. Their parents were the well-known socialist and later communist propagandists Hermann and Käte Duncker.
Achievements.
Duncker coined the term functional fixedness for describing the difficulties in visual perception and in problem solving that arise from the fact that one element of a whole situation already has a (fixed) function which has to be changed for making the correct perception or for finding the solution to the problem.
In his "candle problem" the situation was defined by the objects: a box of candles, a box of thumb-tacks and a book of matches. The task was to fix the candles on the wall without any additional elements. The difficulty of this problem arises from the functional fixedness of the candle box. It is a container in the problem situation but must be used as a shelf in the solution situation.
Other examples for this type of mental restructuring are:

</doc>
<doc id="18414320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414320" title="Anatole Krasnyansky">
Anatole Krasnyansky

Anatole Krasnyansky (born in 1930; Kiev, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian-American artist who has gained prominence by pioneering a new watercolor technique. Krasnyansky added paper texture as a component of his watercolors. With this new process, Krasnyansky added texture and depth to the watercolor medium and expanded its expressive possibilities to a level usually associated with oil painting.
Biography.
He was born in Kiev, growing up and living during the times when Ukraine was a part of the U.S.S.R. Krasnyansky received master's degrees in fine art and architecture. He found that the freedom of expression that he needed in his artwork could not be found within the strictures of the Soviet Union and moved to the United States in 1975.
In the U.S., Krasnyansky found valuable use for his knowledge of architecture, design and his imagination. and found success in multiple artistic pursuits. Almost surreal, Krasnyansky’s figures are recognizable form while incorporating elements of his Eastern heritage, the cubist ideas of Picasso and Braque, and as well as American culture.
Accomplishments.
Krasnyansky began working as a scenic artist for ABC and CBS, including the production of two Academy Awards shows. He became a set designer for Universal Studios (credits including The Blues Brothers and Battlestar Galactica) and the stage art director for the Odyssey Theatre.
Krasnyansky is also known for his surrealist masked figures.
Krasnyansky's work has been exhibited at the Dalzell Hatfield Galleries in their exhibition "International Watercolor Masters," along with works from Marc Chagall, Camille Pissarro, and Diego Rivera. Krasnyansky's work has been featured in exhibitions at Stanford University and UCLA and has also been shown in solo exhibitions in Japan and around the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18414332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414332" title="Ashley and Weston railway station">
Ashley and Weston railway station

Ashley and Weston railway station was a station in Northamptonshire, serving the settlements of Ashley and Weston. It was located a few miles east of Market Harborough.
The station opened in 1850 on the Rugby and Stamford Railway and was originally named Medbourne Bridge. It was renamed when Medbourne railway station was opened on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway. The station closed for regular passenger services on 18th June 1951.
History.
Opened by the London and North Western Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was eventually closed by British Railways.
Extensive sidings were opened in 1904 to handle the amount of coal coming from Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire. To the west was Welham Junction.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18414333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414333" title="Am I That Easy to Forget">
Am I That Easy to Forget

"Am I That Easy to Forget" is the title of a popular song written by country music singer Carl Belew and W.S. Stevenson and published in 1958. Belew recorded his song in Nashville on December 17, 1958, and released the single in March 1959, where it reached number nine on the U.S. country music chart. Other country music artists who have recorded cover versions of the song include: Skeeter Davis (#11 country, 1960); Ernest Tubb (1960); Gene Vincent (1966); George Jones (1967); Patti Page (1968); Jim Reeves (#12 country, 1973); and Prairie Oyster (1991).
In 1960, singer and actress Debbie Reynolds recorded a version of "Am I That Easy to Forget" that reached number 25 on the U.S. pop chart. The highest charting version of the song on the U.S. pop chart was recorded by singer Engelbert Humperdinck on August 11, 1967. Released as a single in late 1967 from his album "The Last Waltz", it reached number 18 on the Hot 100 and number one on the Easy Listening chart in early 1968. Humperdinck's version was also a big hit in England, where it spent two weeks at number three on the UK Singles Chart, as well as in Ireland, where it spent three weeks at number one on the Irish Singles Chart. Humperdinck himself recorded a special version for Italy, in the local language, entitled "Dimenticarti non potrei" ("I couldn't forget you").

</doc>
<doc id="18414334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414334" title="Louis Van Tilt">
Louis Van Tilt

Louis Pierre Paul Van Tilt (born 28 March 1875, date of death unknown) was a Belgian sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 he won the silver medal as member of the Belgian team in the team clay pigeons competition.
Four years later he was part of the Belgian team which finished fourth in the team clay pigeons competition. He also participated in the individual trap event but his result is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18414352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414352" title="Troubridge">
Troubridge

Troubridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18414367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414367" title="Noble County Courthouse (Ohio)">
Noble County Courthouse (Ohio)

The Noble County Courthouse is located in Caldwell, Ohio. The building was constructed in 1933-1934 and designed by Charles J. Marr. The building was constructed with red brick manufactured at nearby Ava, Ohio to control costs of construction. The windows are flat rectangular panels with either an arch pediment and decorative natural stone keystones or a slanted pediment. The building may be entered by a few stairs leading to a small recessed porch with archway openings. The Noble County Courthouse is currently the largest building in Caldwell, Ohio.
The interior hosts four decorative murals. They depict John Gray, widely held to be the longest surviving Revolutionary War veteran; James M. Dalzell, who fought in the American Civil War; Lieutenant Commander Zachary Lansdowne, the commanding officer of the ill-fated USS "Shenandoah"; and the original courthouse of Noble County.

</doc>
<doc id="18414373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414373" title="Welham Junction">
Welham Junction

Welham Junction was a railway junction named after the village of Welham, Leicestershire, although the junction itself lay within the parish of Weston by Welland, Northamptonshire. It was the junction where the line from split, with one route heading eastwards towards and one north towards Nottingham. Just to the east was Ashley and Weston railway station, and to the north was Hallaton railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="18414393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414393" title="Ivan Milošević">
Ivan Milošević

Ivan Milošević (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивaн Mилoшeвић ; born November 11, 1984 in Čačak) is a professional Serbian football defender who played for Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
He was previously the captain of the Serbian side FK Mladost Lučani and the central defender was bought by Karpaty during the Summer Transfer Season. His first season in the club he plays as regular capping 16 games (1 in the Cup competition) by the winter break. He signs a three-year contract with Serbian giant FC Red Star as a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18414424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414424" title="Samuel Newton (sport shooter)">
Samuel Newton (sport shooter)

Samuel Robert Newton (November 23, 1881 – October 11, 1944) was a Canadian sport shooter, who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he won a silver medal in team trap event.

</doc>
<doc id="18414456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414456" title="Hallaton railway station">
Hallaton railway station

Hallaton railway station was a former railway station serving the village of Hallaton, Leicestershire, on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway. The station was located about a quarter of a mile east of the village on the road to Horninghold. The station opened in 1879 and closed to regular traffic in 1953. The Leicester to Peterborough service was withdrawn in 1916. To the south-west was Welham Junction.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18414473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414473" title="G. Redman (rugby league)">
G. Redman (rugby league)

G. Redman was an Australian rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) Competition.
Redman played for the Eastern Suburbs side in the 1913 season, the year the club won its third successive premiership.

</doc>
<doc id="18414489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414489" title="Rühl">
Rühl

Rühl or Ruehl is a surname of Germanic origin. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18414492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414492" title="Ruhl">
Ruhl

Ruhl is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18414495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414495" title="Munsvattnet">
Munsvattnet

Munsvattnet is a small village in Strömsund Municipality, Sweden, to the west of Lars-Thomas, with a population of 108.

</doc>
<doc id="18414510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414510" title="East Norton railway station">
East Norton railway station

East Norton railway station was a railway station serving the village of East Norton, Leicestershire. The station was half a mile east of the village on the north side of the Uppingham to Leicester road, now the A47. on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway. It opened in 1879 and closed in 1953.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18414527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414527" title="Tilton railway station">
Tilton railway station

Tilton railway station was a railway station serving the village of Tilton on the Hill, Leicestershire. It was also the railhead for Skeffington and Owston. The station was 1.3 miles east of Tilton on the road to Oakham. It was 1.7 miles from Owston and 2.3 miles from Skeffington by public footpath, but longer by road. on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway. It opened in 1879 and closed in 1953. To the north of the station was Marefield Junction.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18414528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414528" title="Denys Kozhanov">
Denys Kozhanov

Denys Kozhanov (; born 13 June 1987, Zhdanov, Donetsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Sevastopol after a length loan spell with Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Karpaty Lviv.
He was promoted from the reserve squad of Karpaty and debuted in the Premier League on 1 March 2008.
He became the top assister in the 2009–10 Ukrainian Premier League, giving 13 assists.

</doc>
<doc id="18414534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414534" title="Georg Nordblad">
Georg Nordblad

Georg Julius Wilhelm Nordblad (August 24, 1894 – August 15, 1970) was a Finnish sport shooter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Helsinki.
In 1924 he won the bronze medal as member of the Finnish team in the team clay pigeons competition. He also participated in the individual trap and finished 24th.

</doc>
<doc id="18414537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414537" title="1971 World Championship Victory Race">
1971 World Championship Victory Race

The 1st World Championship Victory Race was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 24 October 1971 at Brands Hatch, Kent. The race was to be run over 40 laps of the circuit, but was stopped on lap 15 following the fatal accident suffered by Swiss driver Jo Siffert. The result was taken from the race order after 14 laps, with Peter Gethin being declared the winner in his BRM P160. The entry included several Formula 5000 cars.
Qualifying.
"Note: a blue background indicates a Formula 5000 entrant.
Race.
Although the race only lasted for less than half of its intended distance, there were several incidents. On lap 2, Henri Pescarolo and Reine Wisell collided at the Druids hairpin, with both cars retiring. Then Mike Hailwood and Ronnie Peterson also collided and had to pit for repairs. Hailwood's car was deemed unfit to continue, but Peterson rejoined the race, albeit nearly a lap down. Siffert had fallen several places at the start, but had made his way back to 4th by lap 14. Approaching Hawthorn Bend at high speed on lap 15, Siffert's BRM suffered a mechanical failure which pitched it across the track into an earth bank. The car rolled over and caught fire, trapping Siffert underneath, and he died in the flames. The race was stopped with the track blocked, and all the cars were stranded out on the circuit except for John Surtees, who was able to drive around to the pits, his car damaged by debris.

</doc>
<doc id="18414540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414540" title="2008–09 Wellington Phoenix FC season">
2008–09 Wellington Phoenix FC season

The 2008–09 season was Wellington Phoenix's second season in the A-League.
Matches.
2008 Pre-Season Cup fixtures.
Table Group B

</doc>
<doc id="18414544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414544" title="Marefield Junction">
Marefield Junction

Marefield Junction was a railway junction in Marefield, Leicestershire, England. Railway lines from the triangular junction ran westwards to Leicester, northwards to Nottingham and south to . There was never a station at this location, but just to the north was John O' Gaunt railway station; just to the south was Tilton railway station, and just to the west was Lowesby railway station. The viaduct close to the junction still exists although the line has been closed for nearly 50 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18414558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414558" title="George Anderson (actor)">
George Anderson (actor)

George Anderson (March 6, 1886 – August 26, 1948) was an American stage and film actor who appeared in 74 films and 25 Broadway productions in his 34 year career.
Career.
Born in New York City in 1886, Anderson made his Broadway debut on August 5, 1907 as the star of an original musical called "The Time, the Place and the Girl." For the next ten years he continued to perform on the Great White Way in both musicals and plays – including Victor Herbert's "The Duchess" – until the end of November 1917. During about this same period, he also appeared in six movies, from 1915 to 1918, at a time when the nascent film industry was largely located in the New York City area.
From 1922 to 1924 and from 1927 to 1936, Anderson again appeared on Broadway in musicals, comedies and melodramas, including "The Strawberry Blonde", which he also directed, frequently with about a year between each production, time during which it would be the normal procedure of the period for the production to tour the country. Anderson appeared in two short films released in 1935 and 1936, when the film industry had largely relocated to California and become known as "Hollywood".
After 1937, until 1948, Anderson worked consistently in films, playing small parts such as policemen, prison wardens, government officials, doctors and businessmen, as well as the occasional worker or bartender. During this time Anderson became part of writer-director Preston Sturges' unofficial "stock company" of character actors, appearing in six films written and directed by Sturges, as well as one Sturges wrote but did not direct. In 1944, he returned to Broadway for the last time, performing in Mae West's "Catherine Was Great".
Anderson's final film was Cy Endfield's "The Argyle Secrets", released in 1948. He died in London, England on August 26, 1948, at the age of 62.

</doc>
<doc id="18414569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414569" title="John Noel (sport shooter)">
John Noel (sport shooter)

John Hopkins Noel (February 6, 1888 – November 4, 1939) was an American sport shooter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Nashville, Tennessee.
In 1924 he won the gold medal as member of the American team in the team clay pigeons competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18414590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414590" title="Mykhaylo Kopolovets">
Mykhaylo Kopolovets

Mykhaylo Kopolovets (born 29 January 1984 in Uzhhorod, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Hoverla Uzhhorod in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18414604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414604" title="Strange Conversation">
Strange Conversation

Strange Conversation is an album by singer/songwriter Kris Delmhorst, released in 2006.
History.
Multi-instrumentalist and songwriter Delmhorst takes on setting some works of famous poets to music along with her own original compositions. The lead off track is named after Italian composer Baldassare Galuppi. Inspired by and quoting heavily from the Robert Browning poem A Toccata of Galuppi's, Delmhorst reflects on the composers times and style:
"And the minor third so bitter, the six chord like a sigh,
Track listing.
All songs by Kris Delmhorst unless noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18414623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414623" title="Humberstone railway station">
Humberstone railway station

Humberstone railway station was a railway station serving the eastern side of Leicester. It was on the Great Northern Railway Leicester branch. The station opened in 1882 and closed to regular traffic in 1953 but remained open for summer weekend specials until 1962 
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18414624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414624" title="Wi-not mobile">
Wi-not mobile

Wi-Not Mobile is a communication, information and entertainment platform, which is compatible with Windows Mobile devices. Wi-Not Mobile is an application from Wi-Not Inc., and was released on July 7, 2008.
Wi-Not Inc. is a Greece-based mobile software company, founded in early February 2008
The application employs web scraping techniques to transform web sites and applications into services fitted for mobile devices, and is in first public beta version.

</doc>
<doc id="18414645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414645" title="Oleh Zhenyukh">
Oleh Zhenyukh

Oleh Zhenyukh (; born 22 March 1987, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18414654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414654" title="Rumpf">
Rumpf

Rumpf is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18414656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414656" title="Leicester West Bridge railway station">
Leicester West Bridge railway station

Leicester West Bridge is a former railway station in Leicester, Leicestershire. It was the terminus of the Leicester and Swannington Railway until 1928.
Being one of the earliest public railways, and intended for the transport of coal, the idea of carrying passengers had not occurred to the line's promoters. Thus facilities for buying tickets were provided at local inns or from the keepers of various road crossings. Such was the case at West Bridge until 1893 when, belatedly, the Midland Railway built a new passenger station.
The line remained open until 1979, when the track was removed and the station buildings demolished. The station is thought to be the third oldest station in the world. Its site is now a public park, the Rally.
The first mention of the term "railway" in a newspaper was in the Times in 1799, when it was mentioned that there was a urgent need to build a "railway" from Loughborough to Swannington. 

</doc>
<doc id="18414662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414662" title="Alpinia caerulea">
Alpinia caerulea

Alpinia caerulea, native ginger, is an understorey perennial herb to 3 m., growing under rainforest, gallery forest and wet sclerophyll forest canopy in eastern Australia.
Leaves are up to 40 cm long and 3–10 cm wide. The inflorescence is 10–30 cm long. The blue capsule is globose 1 cm across, with a brittle outer covering containing black seed and white pulp.
Uses.
The white pulp of native ginger has a pleasant sour flavour, used to activate salivary glands to moisten the mouth when bushwalking, with the seeds usually being discarded. The capsules can also be used as a flavouring spice, using the whole fruit and seed dried and ground. They can also be used to impart a pleasant sour flavour and red color in herbal teas.
The centers of new shoots have mild gingery flavour, and are excellent in various dishes as a ginger substitute. The roots can also be used in cooking, and have a more earthy resinous flavour.

</doc>
<doc id="18414668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414668" title="Equine Recurrent Uveitis">
Equine Recurrent Uveitis

Equine Recurrent (Periodic) Uveitis, ("Moon Blindness", Recurrent Iridocyclitis) is an acute, non-granulomatous inflammation of the uveal tract of the eye, occurring commonly in horses of all breeds, worldwide. The causative factor is not known, but several pathogeneses have been suggested. It is the most common cause of blindness in horses. In some breeds, a genetic factor may be involved.
Aetiology.
There are several suggested aetiologies, and any combination of these may be present in any given case.
It has been suggested that the disease is primarily auto-immune in nature, being a delayed hypersensitivity reaction to any of the above agents.
Clinical Signs.
In the acute stage of the disease, a catarrhal conjunctivitis is present, with signs of ocular pain, usually blepharospasm, increased lacrimation and photophobia. Miosis is also usually present. After a few days, this will progress to a keratitis and iridocyclitis. Other ocular problems may also occur, including conjunctival and corneal oedema, and aqueous flare.
After an acute flare-up, there may be no clinical signs of disease for a prolonged period, which can vary from a few hours to a few years. When there are frequent acute incidents, additional clinical signs may be seen, including anterior and posterior synechiae, poor pupillary responses, cataracts, and a cloudy appearance to the vitreous humour.
Diagnosis.
The cornerstone of diagnosis is an accurate history, and a good clinical examination of the eye, in order to eliminate traumatic uveitis. Ultrasonography is a useful tool, as it can detect a thickened iris, but only in the hands of an expert.
Treatment.
During an acute flare-up, therapy is targeted at reducing the inflammation present, and dilating the pupil. Mydriasis is important, as pupillary constriction is the primary reason for pain. Anti-inflammatory therapy is usually given both systemically, often in the form of Flunixin Meglumine, and topically, as prednisolone acetate. The mydriatic of choice is atropine. In the periods between acute attacks, no therapy has been shown to be beneficial.
Prognosis.
Horses that suffer from this disease can never be considered cured, although they can be managed by careful use of the therapy described above, and fast detection of new flare-ups. If the disease is not properly treated, it will eventually lead to blindness.
Genetics.
There is a genetic component to ERU in some breeds of horse, notably the Appaloosa, which has a higher than usual incidence of blindness.

</doc>
<doc id="18414672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414672" title="Barleywood">
Barleywood

Barleywood is a farm in Jefferson County, West Virginia, on land once owned by Samuel Washington, brother of George Washington. The farm is close to Samuel's manor house, Harewood, from which the Barleywood property was subdivided in 1841. The Barleywood house was built in 1842, as well as several outbuildings which survive. The house has been vacant since the 1960s and has suffered from vandalism.
History.
The Washington family acquired extensive holdings in Jefferson County, Virginia during the 1770s. Samuel Washington's Harewood estate comprised , which were subsequently subdivided by his heirs into at least six smaller estates: Barleywood, Cedar Lawn, Locust Hill, Megwillie, Richwood Hall and Sulgrave. The farms initially produced tobacco with slave labor, but later shifted to grain production. George Steptoe Washington inherited Harewood from his father in 1781, but died in 1809 at the age of 37. His son, William Temple Washington received the portion containing Barleywood by subdivision as the Harewood property was shared among the heirs. Further subdivisions ensued, and William finally sold the future Harewood property to his daughter Millicent and her husband, Robert G. McPherson. The house was built about 1842. The household in 1850 consisted of Robert and Millicent, their four children, two servant girls, and ten slaves.
The McPhersons sold Barleywood to Humphrey Keyes in 1853 for $12,203. At the same time Keyes bought William T. Washington's adjoining Megwillie estate, whose house had burned. During the American Civil War, Barleywood and surrounding estates were the scene of skirmishes, particularly in August 1864. After the death of Keyes in 1875 and his wife Jane in 1879, the farm passed to their daughters, who never lived there, renting them to tenants. The tenant house was built about 1900 to house farm workers, and the granary was built at about the same time. Unlike many nearby farms, the Barleywood estate was not converted to orchard use. Susan Keyes Ambler died in 1925, and the farm passed to her children. Parcels of the farm were sold off by her heirs in 1952 and 1956. The house was not occupied after the 1960s. By 2006 much of the land was developed for residential use, and the house was to be restored.
Description.
The 1842 house is a two-story, three bay brick structure with Greek Revival elements and a side hall double-parlor plan. A subsidiary two-story service wing is attached to the east side, set back from the front. Several porches were once present, but have been lost to deterioration and vandalism, as has some of the interior plaster and woodwork. The stair and entrance hall runs the depth of the east side, with two parlors to the west, separated by large doors. A door behind the stairs leads to the service wing. The second floor follows the same plan, with a small room added in front of the stairs. A single attic room is finished with plaster. There is a stone basement. The service wing has a kitchen in the cellar, with single rooms on the first and second floors.
Outbuildings include a cistern, located next to the kitchen, and a smokehouse, both dated to 1842. Ruins of an 1840s barn are located to the northwest of the house. A pumphouse and a granary date to 1900. Close to the main road, a two story wood frame tenant house exists, though extensively damaged by fire.
Barleywood was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 24, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18414679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414679" title="Phoenix pipe">
Phoenix pipe

The Phoenix pipe is a diatreme associated with the Birch Mountains kimberlite field in northern Alberta, Canada. It is thought to have formed about 75 million years ago when this part of Alberta was volcanically active during the Late Cretaceous period.

</doc>
<doc id="18414721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414721" title="Cosmos caudatus">
Cosmos caudatus

Cosmos caudatus is an annual plant in Cosmos genus, bearing purple, pink, or white ray florets, and capable of being found worldwide in tropical areas.
The plant is edible and its common names include ulam raja, literally meaning "the King's salad". It was brought by the Spaniards from Latin America, via the Philippines, to the rest of Southeast Asia. Ulam, a Malay word used to describe a preparation that combines food, medicine and beauty is the widely popular Malay herbal salad. As a Malaysian delight, it is served throughout the country from major hotels for tourists to buffet lunches or dinners for the locals.
Description.
Ulam Raja is an annual plant growing up 2 m in height. The leaves are soft and pungent while the stem is light green with a purplish hue and succulent. As night falls the leaves fold to close the terminal buds as the plant literally sleeps. The flowers can be found solitary or in a loose clusters and are produced on a single stalk on auxiliary heads.
Gastronomy.
The Malay people believe that the herb is good for health and contains anti-aging properties or awet muda, and that it tones up blood circulation, strengthens the bones and promotes fresh breath.
In Indonesian cuisine and Malay cuisine the leaves of this plant are used for salad.
Urap and pecel, both are type of Indonesian salad. Both are different in dressing, one with cooked grated coconut and spicy peanut sauce

</doc>
<doc id="18414733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414733" title="Runnels">
Runnels

Runnels is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18414743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414743" title="Sediment control">
Sediment control

A sediment control is a practice or device designed to keep eroded soil on a construction site, so that it does not wash off and cause water pollution to a nearby stream, river, lake, or sea. Sediment controls are usually employed together with erosion controls, which are designed to prevent or minimize erosion and thus reduce the need for sediment controls. Sediment controls are generally designed to be temporary measures, however, some can be used for storm water management purposes.
Active treatment systems.
Chemical treatment of sediment, commonly called an active treatment system, is a relatively new form of sediment control for the construction industry. It is designed to reduce turbidity in nearby water bodies and involves collection of sediment-laden stormwater in a basin or tank, and adding a chemical flocculant. This causes the sediment to settle so it can be more easily removed from the water. Some of the flocculent chemicals used for sediment treatment are chitosan and polymers such as polyacrylamide. The water is then pumped through a filtration system, such as a sand or cartridge filter, prior to discharge. Chemical sediment control is currently used on some construction sites around the United States, typically larger sites where there is a high potential for damage to nearby streams.
Another active treatment system design uses electrocoagulation to flocculate suspended particles in the stormwater, followed by a filtration stage.
Regulatory requirements.
All states in the U.S. have laws requiring installation of erosion and sediment controls (ESCs) on construction sites of a specified size. Federal regulations require ESCs on sites and larger. Smaller sites which are part of a common plan of development (e.g. a residential subdivision) are also required to have ESCs. In some states, non-contiguous sites under are also required to have ESCs. For example, the State of Maryland requires ESCs on sites of or more. The sediment controls must be installed before the beginning of land disturbance (i.e. land clearing, grubbing and grading) and must be maintained during the entire disturbance phase of construction.

</doc>
<doc id="18414751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414751" title="Andriy Tkachuk">
Andriy Tkachuk

Andriy Tkachuk (born 18 November 1987, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18414754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414754" title="Toivo Ovaska">
Toivo Ovaska

Toivo Johannes Ovaska (December 18, 1899 – January 3, 1966) was a Finnish speed skater who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Ruskeala, Karelia and died in Helsinki.
In 1928 he finished eleventh in the 500 metres event and 15th in the 1500 metres competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18414764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414764" title="Ficus opposita">
Ficus opposita

Ficus opposita is one of several fig species commonly known as Sandpaper figs. It is native to the Northern Territory and Queensland in Australia.Other common names include Sweet Sandpaper Fig, Sweet Fig and the ambiguous "figwood" and "watery fig". 
It grows as either a shrub or small tree. 
As the figs ripen, their colour changes from green to yellow to reddish-brown and finally, to black. The fruit is edible and palatable, tastier than most other fig species. 
It serves as a food plant for the caterpillars of the Queensland butterfly the Common- or Purple Moonbeam ("Philiris innotatus"),

</doc>
<doc id="18414797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414797" title="Shotgun Singer">
Shotgun Singer

Shotgun Singer is an album by American singer/songwriter Kris Delmhorst, released in 2008.
History.
Delmhorst recorded "Shotgun Singer" in a rural cabin with minimal recording gear by herself. Once completed, she brought in various players to add to the songs, including her husband Jeffrey Foucault and friend and label-mate Peter Mulvey. Those three had previously released "Redbird" together five years earlier.
Reception.
Joe Vigilione of Allmusic wrote "... anyone dipping into a song like "Freediver" or any other random track on this disc is bound to be quite surprised at the extraordinary depth inside."
The Boston Herald stated in their review: "Perennial Boston Music Award nominee Delmhorst makes a stunning transformation by moving from the countrified folk of her previous three releases to a dreamier and denser sound brimming with atmosphere and muted-but-infectious melodies... "Shotgun Singer" is a work of lo-fi beauty, and evidence of an artist taking flight."
Track listing.
All songs by Kris Delmhorst.

</doc>
<doc id="18414801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414801" title="Beall-Air">
Beall-Air

Beall-Air, also known as the Colonel Lewis William Washington House, is a two-story stuccoed brick house in classical revival style near Halltown, West Virginia. It was the home of Colonel Lewis William Washington, great-great nephew of George Washington and hostage in John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry, West Virginia.
The original house, now the rear portion of the house, is believed to have been built by Thomas Beall prior to 1800. Beall's daughter Elizabeth married George Corbin Washington in 1807. George Corbin was the grandson of Augustine Washington, half-brother of George Washington. George and Elizabeth's son, Colonel William Lewis Jr., was born in 1812. The present front of the house was added in 1820. 
Colonel William Lewis Washington Jr. married in 1897 Barbara Gibb, a Canadian nurse, who was the daughter of James Gibb . Col Washington served in the Confederate service during the American Civil War. He claimed to be a grandnephew of General George Washington, the first President of the United States of America. He died in January 1902, and was buried at Nashville.
Description.
The main (1820) portion of the house is a two-story stucco-faced brick structure on a stone foundation. The corners of the three-bay house are thickened by pilasters, with a similar freize-like thickening extending horizontally above the second floor windows. The front, or south elevation has a small portico with a flat roof and four Ionic columns. The front door has sidelights and an overlight, echoed by the second floor window immediately above the portico. The eat and west ends have stepped gables with central chimneys and the "shadow" of a porch. A small 2½ story structure to the north of the main house connects to the main house with a two-story link. This structure has a gabled roof with dormers and is also stuccoed. Its windows are late 18th century in detail.
The Harpers Ferry Raid.
Lewis William inherited several relics of George Washington, including a sword allegedly given by Frederick the Great to Washington and a pair of pistols given by Lafayette. John Cook, who served as John Brown's advance party at Harpers Ferry, befriended Washington and noted the relics, as well as the slave population at Beall-Air. Brown was fascinated with the Washington relics. During Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry a detachment from his force led by Cook seized the sword and pistols along with Washington at Beall-Air, taking along three of Washington's slaves. The hostages were taken to Harpers Ferry by way of the Allstadt House and Ordinary, where more hostages were taken. All survived their captivity, and Washington identified Brown to the Marine rescue party. During the assault on John Brown's Fort, a saber thrust by Marine Lieutenant Green at Brown was allegedly deflected by the belt buckle securing the Washington sword.

</doc>
<doc id="18414810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414810" title="Toronto Board of Education">
Toronto Board of Education

The Toronto Board of Education (TBE) is the former secular school district serving the pre-merged city of Toronto. The board offices were located at 155 College Street.
As of December 1996, it operated 169 schools and had over 4,800 teachers and principals and about 78,000 full-time students and over 250,000 continuing education and adult students.
In 1998 it merged into the Toronto District School Board (TDSB). At that point, 155 College Street became solely used as the board headquarters of the TDSB.

</doc>
<doc id="18414841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414841" title="Grand Promenade">
Grand Promenade

The Grand Promenade () is a high-rise development located in the Sai Wan Ho district of Hong Kong. The complex consists of five towers. Towers 2, 3, and 5, which are all interconnected and listed as one skyscraper by real estate data company Emporis, were built in 2005 and contain 66 floors each; each tower rises . Towers 1 and 6 were also built in 2005 but contain 63 floors each, rising . The entire complex, also known as the Sai Wan Ho Harbour Plaza, was developed by Henderson Land Development and the The Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry Co Ltd. The building is composed entirely of residential units, and contains 2,020 apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="18414842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414842" title="2006 Men's European Water Polo Championship">
2006 Men's European Water Polo Championship

The 2006 Men's European Water Polo Championship was the 27-th edition of the event organised by the Europe's governing body in aquatics, the Ligue Européenne de Natation. The event took place in the Tašmajdan Sports Centre in Belgrade, Serbia from September 1 to September 10, 2006.
There were three qualification tournaments ahead of the event, held from April 7 to April 9, 2006 in Kranj, Slovenia (with France, Slovenia, Slovakia and Malta competing) in Eindhoven, Netherlands (Greece, Netherlands, Poland and Moldova) and in Imperia, Italy (Belarus, Italy, Romania and Turkey).
Qualification.
<br>
Preliminary round.
Group A.
<br>
September 1, 2006 
<br>
September 2, 2006 
<br>
September 3, 2006 
<br>
September 4, 2006 
<br>
September 5, 2006 
Group B.
<br>
September 1, 2006 
<br>
September 2, 2006 
<br>
September 3, 2006 
<br>
September 4, 2006 
<br>
September 5, 2006 
Final round.
Places 7/12.
September 7, 2006 
September 8, 2006 
Places 11 / 12.
September 8, 2006 
Places 9 / 10.
September 9, 2006 
Places 7 / 8.
September 9, 2006 
Quarterfinals.
September 7, 2006 
Semifinals.
September 8, 2006 
Finals.
Places 5 / 6.
September 9, 2006 
Bronze Medal.
September 10, 2006 
Gold Medal.
September 10, 2006 
Individual awards.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18414865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414865" title="Louth railway station">
Louth railway station

Louth railway station was a station in Louth, Lincolnshire. It served as a junction for several different now closed lines which converged on the town.
History.
The foundation stone of Louth railway station was formally laid on 8 July 1847 by Miss Charlotte Alington Pye, a popular ballad writer of the time (who used the pseudonym "Claribel" from a Tennyson poem).
The station was damaged by bombing on 19 February 1941 killing a local man, George Bradley, who was the fireman of an engine shunting in the goods yard.
Louth Station was closed to passengers in 1970. The line northwards to Grimsby remained open for freight until 1980. A 5-car Diesel multiple unit formed a special into Louth on 20 December 1980; at the time, the only remaining track was into the bay platform No. 1. The station building was saved from demolition and converted into flats.
Preservation Future.
The Lincolnshire Wolds Railway plans to eventually extend their services to Louth in the future, however the original station building can no longer be used as the terminus (as it had been renovated to flats over the years). A new station will be built approx. 3/4 mile to the north of the original station. Louth North signalbox is still standing in its original position by the level crossing. This has now been converted to a house. 
The Association of Train Operating Companies (ATOC) Report "Connecting Communities - Expanding Access to the Rail Network" considers the line worth considering for reopening.

</doc>
<doc id="18414867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414867" title="Government Pharmacy College, Bangalore">
Government Pharmacy College, Bangalore

Government Pharmacy college is a government run Pharmacy college located in Bangalore, India. It was established in 1964 and is affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences. It is ranked among the top ten pharmacy institutions in India.
The former principals.
M. Lakshmana

</doc>
<doc id="18414872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414872" title="Cardinal Industries, Inc.">
Cardinal Industries, Inc.

Cardinal Industries, Inc. was a corporation headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, United States. Established in 1954, it produced manufactured housing, including thousands of apartments in the United States. These one-story apartments were assembled on-site from 12 foot by 24 foot modules. It also began the Knights Inn motel chain.
Apartments.
Cardinal apartments can be found in a few different configurations, depending partly on the number of 12' x 24' modules used. One-module apartments are advertised as efficiency or studio apartments. Some have murphy beds. Two-modules have one bedroom, with some models containing a utility room with washer and dryer connections. Three-modules have two bedrooms. Some contain two equally-sized bedrooms, while others have a master bedroom instead. Most have washer and dryer connections. In addition to the ground floor living area, many offer attic space over one of the modules.
Most of the apartments were built in the 1970s and 1980s. The corporation filed for bankruptcy in 1989 and reorganized as Cardinal Realty Services, Inc., a real estate ownership and management company. Cardinal Realty Services, Inc. was listed on the New York Stock Exchange before merging with Equity Residential. Ownership of many properties transferred to Equity Residential.
Today many of the properties are managed by Elon Property Management

</doc>
<doc id="18414877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414877" title="Verendrye, North Dakota">
Verendrye, North Dakota

Verendrye is an unincorporated community in McHenry County, North Dakota, United States, located about 8 miles northwest of Karlsruhe and 13 miles northeast of Velva within Falsen Township. Although classified by the USGS as a populated place, it is considered a ghost town. 
History.
The community was first known as Falsen, founded in 1912 by Norwegian settlers, who named it for Norwegian statesman Christian Magnus Falsen. Falsen was also the name of the station on the Great Northern Railway. The post office was established with the name Falsen in 1913, but the name was changed in 1925 to honor Pierre de la Verendrye, an early French-Canadian explorer who was the earliest known European to tour the North Dakota prairies. The population of Falsen in 1920 was 75. The population of Verendrye in 1938 was 100. The post office closed in 1965 with mail to Bergen.
Along with Norwegians, Falsen was originally settled by German-Russians from the villages of Kandel and Selz in the Ukraine.
A monument to the later North West Company fur trader and explorer, David Thompson, erected by the Great Northern Railway in 1925, remains on a hilltop overlooking the former townsite.
The Verendrye Electric Cooperative was established here in 1939 but relocated to Velva in 1941.
Geography.
Verendrye is located in the Mouse River Valley along the route of the BNSF railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18414889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414889" title="XTC (disambiguation)">
XTC (disambiguation)

XTC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18414908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414908" title="At the Beginning">
At the Beginning

"At the Beginning" is a song by Donna Lewis and Richard Marx, released as the first single from the "Anastasia" soundtrack. It was released as a CD and cassette single on October 21, 1997 on Atlantic Records. 
The song reached No. 45 on the Hot 100 giving Lewis her third Hot 100 hit and Marx his 17th. To date, neither has hit the Hot 100 since "At the Beginning" dropped out. It reached No. 2 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary Chart, but did spend a week at No. 1 on Radio & Records' Adult Contemporary Chart before being knocked out by Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On".
The song gave Marx his eighth and final number one hit single as a singer. Lewis would go on to have one more song topping a chart.
Music video.
A music video for the song features a girl (a live action version of Anastasia) visiting an old building. Throughout the video, Marx and Lewis are shown performing the song, intercut with scenes from Anastasia.
It is unknown who directed the music video.

</doc>
<doc id="18414911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414911" title="Sabella (name)">
Sabella (name)

Sabella is a surname of Italian origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18414918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414918" title="Howsham (Lincolnshire) railway station">
Howsham (Lincolnshire) railway station

Howsham railway station was a station in Howsham, Lincolnshire on the line between Grimsby and Lincoln, England. The station opened in 1848 closed on 1 November 1965 as were many neighbouring stations, however the line it stood on remains open.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18414927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414927" title="Aspen Hill (Charles Town, West Virginia)">
Aspen Hill (Charles Town, West Virginia)

Aspen Hill was built about 1840 near Charles Town, West Virginia by James G. Hurst, a middle-tier farmer and landowner who sought to build a residence befitting his increasing status. The house occupies a middle ground between the grand mansions of the landed gentry and the more humble dwellings of more modest farmers. The house lacks some of the details and craftsmanship present in more substantial houses.

</doc>
<doc id="18414936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414936" title="Taras Karabin">
Taras Karabin

Taras Karabin (born 29 March 1989, Lviv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Career.
Taras Karabin began his football career in the Ukrainian Second League side Karpaty 2, where his first coach was T. Tkatchuk. In the club, he managed to play only 3 matches before moving to Nyva Ternopil during the 2006/2007 season during which he played 11. In the summer of 2007, Taras Karabin moved to Dniester Ovidiopol, where he debuted in the Ukrainian First League and played 18 matches for the club. In the 2008 summer transfer season, Karabin moved to back to his home town to play for Karpaty Lviv.

</doc>
<doc id="18414937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414937" title="North Kelsey railway station">
North Kelsey railway station

North Kelsey railway station was a station in North Kelsey, Lincolnshire, England, opened in 1848 and closed in 1965.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18414939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414939" title="Victoria Towers">
Victoria Towers

The Victoria Towers () is a high-rise development located in the Tsim Sha Tsui area of Hong Kong. The complex consists of three towers, each rising 62 floors and in height.
The complex is located at No.188 Canton Road, at the intersection with Austin Road. The towers currently stand as the second tallest buildings in Tsim Sha Tsui, behind the 64-storey Hyatt Regency Hong Kong, and as the 35th-tallest buildings in all of Hong Kong. The complex was designed by Rocco Design Architects Limited and developed by Cheung Kong Holdings and Hutchison Whampoa Properties. The towers are composed entirely of residential units.
The base of the complex is occupied by a shopping mall, the Victoria Mall (港景匯商場).

</doc>
<doc id="18414944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414944" title="Geitonoplesium">
Geitonoplesium

Geitonoplesium is a genus of a sole species Geitonoplesium cymosum, the scrambling lily, constituting part of a lily plant family Hemerocallidaceae. They grow naturally as scrambling vines in rainforests, drier forests and woodlands, of eastern Australia, the Philippines, Indonesia, New Guinea, Fiji, New Caledonia, Norfolk Island and Lord Howe Island.
The leaves are variable, usually narrow-lanceolate to linear, usually long and wide. Both surfaces of leaves are glossy, with the midvein prominent and raised on upper surface. 
The flowers are mauve to white. The globose berries are in diameter and contain numerous black seeds. The high degree of variation in the shape of the leaves has resulted in the establishment of numerous infraspecific taxa over the years, none of which is recognised by most present-day systematists.
Uses.
The shoots are harvested and eaten like asparagus and have a pleasant beany-like flavor. Uncommon in cultivation.

</doc>
<doc id="18414952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18414952" title="Moortown railway station">
Moortown railway station

Moortown railway station was a station in Moortown, Lincolnshire, on the line between Grimsby and Lincoln opened in 1848 and closed in 1965. It was located close to Caistor.

</doc>
