<doc id="18494818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494818" title="John Christopher Willis">
John Christopher Willis

John Christopher Willis FRS (20 February 1868 - 21 March 1958) was an English botanist.
Education.
Born in Liverpool, he was educated at University College, Liverpool and Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.
Career.
In 1896 Willis was appointed director of the Royal Botanical Gardens, Peradeniya, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) until 1912 when he was appointed director of the botanic gardens at Rio de Janeiro. He was elected a Fellow of the Linnean Society in 1897, and a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1919. His notable publications include “A Manual and Dictionary of the Flowering Plants and Ferns” in two volumes and “Age and Area: A Study of Geographical Distribution and Origin of Species”, published in 1922. He returned to Cambridge in 1915, and later went to live in Montreaux, Switzerland. He died in 1958 at the age of 90 and was posthumously awarded the Darwin–Wallace Medal by the Linnean Society.
Age and Area.
Willis formed the Age and Area hypothesis during botanical field work in Ceylon where he studied the distributional patterns of the Ceylonese vascular plants in great detail. According to his hypothesis the extent of range of a species may be used as an indication of the age of that species. He also maintained that the "dying out" of species occurs rarely, and that new forms arise by mutation rather than by local adaptation through natural selection. Willis defined his hypothesis as:
The Dutch botanist and geneticist Hugo de Vries supported the hypothesis, however it was criticized by the American paleontologist Edward W. Berry who wrote it was contradicted by paleontological evidence. Edmund W. Sinnott rejected the hypothesis and wrote "other factors than age share in the area occupied by a species". According to Sinnott factors inherent in the plant such as hardiness, adaptability and growth play an important part in determining distribution. Willis published the book "Age and Area. A Study in Geographical Distribution and Origin of Species" in 1922. The American entomologist Philip P. Calvert documented examples of the geographical distribution of insects that contradicted the hypothesis in a paper in 1923. On the subject in 1924, Berry wrote: 
In 1924, the American botanist Merritt Lyndon Fernald wrote that studies on floras of the northern hemisphere do not support the Age and Area hypothesis. Willis responded to the early criticisms and stated that his critics such as Berry and Sinnott had misrepresented his hypothesis. Willis claimed that his hypothesis should not be applied to single species but to groups of allied species. He wrote there was no rival hypothesis to his own to explain the botanical data and that his hypothesis had made successful predictions about flora distribution in New Zealand. 
The American ecologist H. A. Gleason praised the hypothesis for being testable in the field of phytogeography but came to the conclusion that it could not account for migration data. In 1926 Willis wrote a paper defending his hypothesis and responded to the criticism. Most scientists however had rejected the hypothesis for various reasons and according to the historian of science Charles H. Smith "The "age and area" theory attracted some interest for about twenty years, but support for it was clearly on the wane by the time of Willis's late books "The Course of Evolution" and "The Birth and Spread of Plants" (though each of these works contained some interesting ideas)."
The Course of Evolution.
Willis published a controversial book on evolution "The Course of Evolution by Differentiation Or Divergent Mutation Rather Than by Selection" (1940) which was a sequel to his "Age and Area". Willis questioned the adequacy of natural selection of chance variations as a major factor in evolution. He supported mutations as the main mechanism of evolution, and chromosome alterations to be largely responsible for mutations. He opposed Darwinian gradualism and favored saltational evolution. The American ichthyologist Carl Leavitt Hubbs reviewed the book claiming Willis was advocating a form of orthogenesis: 
Sewall Wright also wrote Willis believed evolution was not the result of chance but working upon some definite law that we do not yet comprehend and that he was a proponent of saltationism.

</doc>
<doc id="18494828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494828" title="List of World War I battles">
List of World War I battles

World War I, which lasted from July 1914 to November 1918, was, at the time, the largest single war ever to have occurred. There was a large number of allies on each side of the conflict, and their geographical location and that of their imperial provinces meant that parts of the war were fought all over Europe, and in other places such as North Africa and the Middle East. A battle is a smaller conflict between two military enemies that often makes up part of a war. This is a list (though not exhaustive) of the battles of World War I, in chronological order. They are organised as to the opening date of the battle.

</doc>
<doc id="18494829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494829" title="Gosterli">
Gosterli

Gösterli is a village in North-East Niğde. It is also located at the South-West part of historical site Cappadocia.
The population is 1711 as of 2009 census. [http://www.nigdemiz.com/istatistik.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18494834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494834" title="Moselem Springs, Pennsylvania">
Moselem Springs, Pennsylvania

Moselem Springs is an unincorporated community in Berks County, Pennsylvania, USA. It is located at the junction of Pennsylvania Route 662 (Moselem Springs Road) and U.S. Highway 222 in Richmond Township. Buildings in the area include the Township Building, Lehigh Valley Health Network's Health Center at Moselem Springs (in the historic Inn, est. 1852), and Richmond Elementary School. The place name comes from the "Unami-Len'api" term "Masch'il'am'ek", which means "trout." In "Minsi-Len'api" "trout" is "Mesch'ila'meek".

</doc>
<doc id="18494876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494876" title="Bavarian B I">
Bavarian B I

Bavarian B I engines were 2-4-0 steam locomotives of the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn").
The Class B I was developed in parallel with the Class A II, but had a coupled axle instead of a second carrying axle. As a result it developed a higher tractive effort. It also had a Stephenson Long Boiler, forked frame and an outside Stephenson valve gear with outside cylinders. The coupling rods were based on an American prototype. Later many of the engines were fitted with a Crampton boiler.
They were coupled to 3 T 4.2, and later 3 T 5, tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18494902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494902" title="Woodbury Medical Group">
Woodbury Medical Group

After completing his MBA from UCLA in 2003, Dr. Felix Horng started the Woodbury Medical Group in January 2007.
Dr. Horng recognized the need for improvement in medical care: with long waits and increasing patient dissatisfaction over long wait times, inconvenient hours and the common complaint of patients not "feeling listened to". Dr. Horng created Woodbury Medical Group to overcome these shortcomings, which have become accepted practice within some medical offices across the country. 
Almost immediately Woodbury Medical Group physicians, Dr. Felix Horng and Dr. Bena Teo, received “Growth Improvement” awards from Greater Newport Physicians (GNP). The award is given to affiliated physicians who gain more than 200 patients in a given year (only three awards were given for the 2007-2008 year).

</doc>
<doc id="18494935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494935" title="Powerviolence">
Powerviolence

Powerviolence (sometimes written as power violence), is a raw and dissonant subgenre of hardcore punk. The style is closely related to thrashcore and grindcore. In contrast with grindcore, which is a "crossover" idiom containing musical aspects of heavy metal, powerviolence is just an augmentation of the most challenging qualities of hardcore punk; like its predecessor, it is usually socio-politically charged and iconoclastic.
History.
The term was coined by Matt Domino, guitarist of Infest, in 1989. The term was first mentioned in the song "Hispanic Small Man Power (H.S.M.P.)" by genre pioneer Man Is the Bastard. Its nascent form was pioneered in the mid-late 1980s in the music of hardcore punk band Infest, who mixed hardcore punk elements of bands like Lärm and Siege, with noisier, sludgier qualities. The microgenre solidified into its most commonly recognized form in the early 1990s, with the sounds of bands such as Man Is the Bastard, Crossed Out, Neanderthal, No Comment, and Capitalist Casualties. Powerviolence groups took inspiration from Siege and Deep Wound, Cryptic Slaughter, Septic Death, Dirty Rotten Imbeciles, Negative FX and early Corrosion of Conformity. These precursors to powerviolence are grouped together as "thrash" or thrashcore.
Spazz vocalist and bassist Chris Dodge's record label Slap-a-Ham Records was a fixture during the rapid rise and decline of powerviolence, releasing influential records by Neanderthal, No Comment, Crossed Out, Infest, and Spazz. The label's Fiesta Grande was an annual powerviolence festival held at 924 Gilman from 1993 to 2000. Spazz drummer Max Ward's label 625 Thrashcore has started its own festival, Super Sabado Gigante, in a similar vein. While powerviolence is closely related to thrashcore (often referred to simply as "thrash"), the style is distinct from the thrash metal groups active in the same place, at the same time.
Style.
While originally the term powerviolence included stylistically diverse bands, powerviolence generally refers to bands who musically focus on speed, brevity, bizarre timing breakdowns, and constant tempo changes. Powerviolence songs are often very short; it is not uncommon for some to last less than twenty seconds. Some groups, particularly Man Is the Bastard, Plutocracy, and No Le$$ took influence from progressive rock, and jazz fusion.
Powerviolence groups tend to be very raw and underproduced, both sonically and in their packaging. Some groups (Man Is the Bastard and Dystopia) took influence from anarcho-punk and crust punk, emphasizing animal rights and anti-militarism. Groups such as Despise You and Lack of Interest wrote lyrics about misanthropy, drugs, and inner-city issues. Groups such as Spazz or Charles Bronson, on the other hand, wrote lyrics mocking points of interest for hardcore and metal fans, or even used inside jokes for lyrics, referencing specific people many of their listeners would not know.
Other groups associated with powerviolence included Noothgrush, The Locust, Dystopia, Assück, His Hero Is Gone, Black Army Jacket, Hellnation, Charles Bronson, and Rorschach. The doom metal group Burning Witch also released on Slap-A-Ham and played shows with powerviolence groups.
Legacy.
Powerviolence groups had a strong influence on later grindcore acts, such as Agoraphobic Nosebleed. Mark McCoy of Charles Bronson went on to form Das Oath, a popular thrashcore group. Members of Man Is the Bastard formed Bastard Noise. Rorschach became a prominent influence for the metalcore scene.
A handful of bands from the powerviolence scene of the 1990s have continued to record and perform decades later, including Bastard Noise, Capitalist Casualties, Despise You, Lack of Interest, Scapegoat, Infest, and Stapled Shut.

</doc>
<doc id="18494944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494944" title="List of political parties in Wales">
List of political parties in Wales

Parties represented in the National Assembly for Wales.
Parties represented in the National Assembly for Wales (in order of number of representatives):
Minor parties.
Plaid Glyndwr. Welsh Nationalist Republican Party. Reclaiming Cymru.

</doc>
<doc id="18494948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494948" title="Bavarian A V">
Bavarian A V

Bavarian A V engines were 2-2-2 steam locomotives in service with the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn").
This class was the first express train locomotive with the Bavarian state railways. It was developed from the Class A IV. Unlike the A IV, the Class A V had a lower-pitched boiler and a wider firebox. In addition access to the valve gear was improved. Later still the vehicles were fitted with a steam dome. Because engines on the southern side of the Danube were fired with peat, they had a pear-shaped chimney. In addition these locomotives had different dimensions.
They were equipped with a 3 T 4.8 tender.

</doc>
<doc id="18494967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494967" title="Sagittaria montevidensis">
Sagittaria montevidensis

Sagittaria montevidensis is a species of flowering plant in the water-plantain family Alismataceae. Common names include Giant Arrowhead and California Arrowhead.
Description.
"Sagittaria montevidensis" is a robust, stemless, rhizomatous, aquatic plant. The young ribbon-like leaves grow submerged, while the leaves of older plants emerge above the water surface. The leaves are sagitatte and glabrous, up to 28 centimeters long and 23 centimeters wide. Its terete, spongy petioles may reach a length of more than and are up to 3 inches thick.
Inflorescences are typically shorter than the leaves and decumbent. Flowers are in whorls or pairs at nodes and have a diameter of two to three centimeters.. They have three petals, each of which is white with a striking wine-colored stain, and three green sepals. The thick pedicels are as long as . Flowering occurs from June to September.
Distribution.
This species is widespread in wetlands of North America (United States, Canada, Mexico) and South America (Brazil, Bolivia, Ecuador, Peru, Argentina, Chile, Paraguay, Uruguay). In North America, the distribution is disjunct, primarily in a wide area from West Virginia to Texas to South Dakota, but with isolated occurrences in New Brunswick, Maine, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, California, Florida and Alabama
Habitat.
It grows preferentially at the edges of ponds, in shallow and often only temporarily existing waters.

</doc>
<doc id="18494968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494968" title="Allan Hamilton">
Allan Hamilton

Allan Hamilton (born 16 November 1950) is an American physician and medical consultant to ABC's medical drama "Grey’s Anatomy" based in Tucson, Arizona. A professor of Neurosurgery at University of Arizona, Dr. Hamilton was elected a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons in 1994. In 1995, Dr. Hamilton was promoted to Chief of Neurosurgery and became the Chairman of the entire Department of Surgery in 1998. He currently holds a tenured professorship in Neurosurgery, as well as additional professorships in the Departments of Psychology, Radiation Oncology, and the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering.
His book “"The Scalpel and the Soul: Encounters with Surgery, the Supernatural, and the Healing Power of Hope"” was released in March 2008. It has been translated into several languages. He is currently at work on a second book on spirituality and horsemanship, specifically on the sexual impulses of mature mares.
Background.
Hamilton grew up in Queens, New York in the neighborhood of Kew Gardens and received his undergraduate degree at Ithaca College. After graduation, Hamilton worked as a janitor at a church and veterinary hospital in Utica, New York before getting a job teaching English at Whitesboro High School outside Utica. Hamilton went on to earn his medical degrees at Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts. He completed his residency in neurological surgery within the Massachusetts General Hospital. After completing his residency, Hamilton moved his family from Boston to Arizona, where he now resides.
In 1984, Dr. Hamilton joined the US Army and from 1986-1988 worked for Altitude Research Division of the United States Army Research Institute for Environmental Medicine. He led research efforts to evaluate the effect of the shortage of oxygen on brain function when troops must be rapidly deployed to high altitude. Three times, Dr. Hamilton was called to active duty in the Army, including in November 1990, when Dr. Hamilton was called up for the third time as part Operation Desert Storm.
Medical practice.
Hamilton joined the faculty at the University of Arizona in the summer of 1990. Dr. Hamilton was elected a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons in 1994. In 1995, Dr. Hamilton was promoted to Chief of Neurosurgery and became the Chairman of the entire Department of Surgery in 1998. He currently holds a tenured professorship in Neurosurgery, as well as additional professorships in the Departments of Psychology, Radiation Oncology, and the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering. Dr. Hamilton has given more than three hundred public speeches and addresses. He has authored more than 60 peer-reviewed articles, a dozen book chapters, and a monograph on chemotherapy polymer delivery systems for brain tumors. Dr. Hamilton has led more than a half dozen clinical research trials on brain tumors and achieved national prominence for his work in developing computer-guided methodology for safely guiding neurosurgical probes to targets deep inside the brain.
Accomplishments.
Dr. Hamilton invented the first device capable of using computer guidance systems to deliver very accurate, high intensity beams of radiation to targets outside the brain. He developed the technology precisely enough so as it could be employed for the first time to eliminate tumors around the spinal cord. For his pioneering work, Dr. Hamilton received numerous awards in neurosurgery, including the Bernard Cosman Award for Innovation in Neurosurgery from the American Society of Stereotactic and Functional Neurosurgery. He became the first American to receive the Lars Leksell Award, one of the highest international honors in the field of neurosurgery, bestowed upon him in Berlin in 1995 by the European Society of Neurosurgery. Dr. Hamilton is a past Fellow of the International Albert Schweitzer Foundation for his medical work in Gabon, Africa. His physician peers have selected him as one of the Best Doctors in America from 1995–2008. In 2000, he was chosen as one of the Leading Intellects and Thinkers of the 21st Century. Dr. Hamilton has appeared on television programs including MSNBC, CNN, PBS, and the Discovery Channel and has been featured in national newspapers such as the New York Times, USA Today, and Newsweek magazine.
TV works.
For the last two years, Dr. Hamilton has served as medical script consultant for the hit TV series "Grey’s Anatomy".
Publications.
Monographs.
Hamilton AJ, Ruppert J, Wilson AL (Eds): Management of the Brain Tumor Patient. Newton PA: Oxford Institute, 1999.
Hamilton AJ: Intracavitary Chemotherapy: A New Role for the Neurosurgeon, New York, NY: HealthCare, Inc, 1999.
Hamilton AJ: Medical Simulations in the Diagnosis and Management of Intracranial Neoplasms, Darien, CT: InterMed Interactive Medical Communications, July 1, 2000.
Friedman H, Hamilton AJ, Lesser G, Olivi A, Rhines L, Ryken T, Stevens G: Management of Patients Receiving Chemotherapeutic Implants for the Treatment of Malignant Gliomas, CME Monograph, Postgraduate Inst. For Medicine, Englewood, CO, Sept, 2001.
Scholarly works.
Manwaring K, Hamilton AJ: "Neurosurgical Endoscopy". In Tindall GT, Cooper PR, and Barrow DL: The Practice of Neurosurgery, Baltimore, MD: Williams & Wilkins, Inc., pp. 233–242, 1996

</doc>
<doc id="18494981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494981" title="ZSU-37">
ZSU-37

ZSU-37 was a Soviet-made, light, self-propelled anti-aircraft gun (SPAAG), developed by the end of 1943 and produced at Works No. 40 in Mytishchi. It was the first Soviet series-produced tracked SPAAG. ZSU stands for Zenitnaya Samokhodnaya Ustanovka (), meaning "anti-aircraft self-propelled mount".
History.
Soviet engineers carried out some early experiments with tracked SPAAGs before and during World War II, including a modification of the T-70 light tank, resulting in the experimental T-90 SPAAG which was armed with two 12.7 mm DShKT heavy machine guns (the prototype was built in November 1942 by GAZ). The T-70 light tank would eventually be further developed into the SU-76 light self-propelled gun chassis, which in turn was to become the base for the ZSU-37 SPAAG. It was decided to use the chassis of the SU-76M in order to speed up and cheapen the production of the much needed tracked and armoured SPAAGs.
The ZSU-37 was produced from March 1945 to 1948, and 75 vehicles were built in total (only a few vehicles were produced before the war ended, due to temporary manufacturing technology). As a result of its late production and the almost non-appearance of the few remaining "Luftwaffe" aircraft in the spring of 1945, the ZSU-37 saw no service in World War II. An experimental self-propelled anti-aircraft artillery battalion equipped with 12 ZSU-37 SPAAGs was formed by the end of 1945.
After World War II it became clear that the low rate of fire and firepower of a single 37 mm AA gun was not effective against high-speed low altitude targets. The anti-aircraft artillery crews found it difficult to manually track fast-moving targets. SPAAGs based on a light tank chassis also had quite low manœuvrability in difficult terrain and low off-road speed and range in comparison with medium tanks and self-propelled guns (SPG)s, which the ZSU-37 was meant to protect. The two tandem engines used on the SU-76M chassis required gasoline fuel, which was sometimes a problem in tank units equipped with diesel-engined tanks. The ZSU-37 was retired from service because of the aforementioned reasons soon after series production was stopped.
An effort was made to significantly increase the firepower by mounting the same 37 mm gun into a quad-mount on a T-34 medium tank chassis, but the vehicle never left the design stage as it was recommended by the Technical Council of the Ministry of Transport to use a newer tank chassis and the more powerful S-68 57 mm twin anti-aircraft autocannon, which was being developed at the time. The next step in Soviet tracked SPAAG technology would come with the ZSU-57-2, which was based on the T-54 medium tank chassis and was mass-produced in 1957-1960.
The ZSU-37-2 "Yenisei" is a later, unrelated design based on the chassis of the experimental SU-100P self-propelled gun. It was armed with a twin-37 mm 500P "Angara" anti-aircraft autocannon. The development of completely new radar-guided SPAAG vehicles, namely the ZSU-37-2 and the ZSU-23-4 began in 1957. The promising ZSU-37-2 "Yenisei" competed with the ZSU-23-4 "Shilka" as the replacement for the ZSU-57-2 SPAAG but the planned series production of the "Yenisei" was rejected in 1962 in favour of the production of the "Shilka".
Description.
The ZSU-37 SPAAG, which was based on the chassis of the SU-76M was equipped with an open-top turret and armed with one 37 mm 61-K mod. 1939 anti-aircraft autocannon. The vehicle was equipped with an automatic sight of the distance-type with two collimators, a stereo range finder with a 1-meter base, a 12RT-3 radio, a TPU-3F intercom system and mechanical aiming mechanisms with two rates of angular motion for adequate speed and smoothness of aiming (the traverse mechanism had a foot switch of rates).
The crew consisted of six men: a driver, an aimer for azimuth, an aimer for elevation, a sight adjuster for target speed and range, a sight adjuster for target course and dive angle, and a loader.
The ZSU-37 was based on the SU-76M because it also shared its technical drawbacks and advantages, the most discussed of which was the open-top turret. To protect the crew from rain and snow the gun compartment could be covered with tarpaulin, however the gun could not be fully elevated when this was done. The open turret had advantages, such as high elevation angle, excellent visibility for the gunners and no need for ventilation. Light and manoeuvrable, the ZSU-37 was considered quite an effective SPAAG in the mid-1940s. However, it had insufficient off-road capabilities to accompany medium and heavy tanks in difficult terrain.
Ammunition consisted of 320 armour-piercing, fragmentation incendiary and fragmentation rounds (all with tracers). 130 rounds were in 5-round cartridges and 190 rounds were without cartridges. Armour-piercing composite rounds could be used against enemy heavy tanks. Muzzle velocity was between 890 and 920 m/s depending on projectile type, the armour-piercing shell weighed 0.785 kg, fragmentation shells weighed 0.732 kg. The autocannon could be depressed and elevated manually between -5° and +85°. Cyclic rate of fire was 120 to 130 rounds per minute while the practical rate of fire was about 50 to 60 rounds per minute. Maximum combat vertical fire was 2,500 m while the maximum vertical range was 6,500 m.
The vehicle could cross 0.67 m high vertical obstacles, 2 m wide trenches, ford 0.9 m deep water obstacles and climb 25° gradients. Transmission and undercarriage were identical to those of the SU-76M SPG. The engine was also the same but forced from 140 hp on SU-76M to 160 hp - a GAZ-203 which consisted of two tandem GAZ-202 6-cylinder row liquid-cooled gasoline engines, each producing 80 hp (63 kWt) at 3600 rpm.
Preservation status.
The experimental SU-11 vehicle is on display at the Kubinka Tank Museum in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18494983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494983" title="Ann Verdcourt">
Ann Verdcourt

Ann Verdcourt is a New Zealand artist. She creates object art with clay.
Verdcourt was born in Bedfordshire, England, and immigrated to New Zealand with her husband in 1965. Verdcourt has been working with clay since the 1950s. Her work references many other artists and art movements, drawing from her extensive knowledge of art history. In her work one can find allusions to anything from Diego Velázquez, Henri Matisse, Amedeo Modigliani and Constantin Brâncuși to the famous earthenware depiction of the Venus of Willendorf.
In 1992 she was commissioned to produce work for the Treasures of the Underworld exhibition that formed part of the New Zealand Pavilion at the Seville Expo '92. She said of her work "My brief was to make something about Columbus, something that would appeal to a wide range of people and be understood without the use of words. After much hesitation and after reading a great many books, I decided the only way I could tackle the subject was by treating it as an unfolding story of the "first Voyage"".
Verdcourt has work in the collections of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa, Wellington; the Auckland War Memorial Museum, Auckland; Te Manawa, Palmerston North; Sarjeant Gallery, Wanganui; the James Wallace Collection, Auckland; Hawke's Bay Museum, Napier; and the Dowse, Lower Hutt.

</doc>
<doc id="18495005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495005" title="North Heidelberg, Pennsylvania">
North Heidelberg, Pennsylvania

North Heidelberg is an unincorporated community in Berks County, Pennsylvania. It is located at the junction of Mill Road and Charming Forge Road. The township building of North Heidelberg Township is located here.

</doc>
<doc id="18495007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495007" title="Davur Juul Magnussen">
Davur Juul Magnussen

Davur Juul Magnussen is a Faroese Trombonist from Tórshavn, Faroe Islands, who now lives in Scotland. He was appointed as the principal trombone chair of the Royal Scottish National Orchestra at the age of 22. He is the youngest member of the national orchestra and according to "The Herald" his appointment is to "one of the most prestigious positions" in the brass section. He is considered one of the most technically able and talented trombonists of his generation.
Work.
Davur had initially intended to study the saxophone but ended up having to play the trombone. Although the trombone was not Davur's instrument of choice he has flourished as a trombonist and is now considered to be one of the finest players of his generation. Davur is currently a student at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. Davur is studying for a Bachelor of Music degree. His current teacher is former RSNO principal trombonist Lance Green. This makes the 22-year-old Davur the youngest RSNO member and is one of many young players in the orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="18495011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495011" title="Tell Me (Wonder Girls song)">
Tell Me (Wonder Girls song)

"Tell Me" was the lead single from the Wonder Girls' first full-length album, "The Wonder Years". The song samples Stacey Q's "Two of Hearts", "Tell Me" was a strong hit for the group, topping various online and offline charts. It went to #1 on various charts and received #1 on KBS's music chart show TV series, staying at that position for 7 consecutive weeks and received a triple crown at SBS Inkigayo. The song is notable for its choreography, which was widely imitated and featured on various online video sites. It was released to radio and online as the first single from the album on September 13, 2007. 
"Tell Me (Rap ver)" was released in So Hot (3rd Project)
Background.
When producer Park Jin-young first introduced the song to the group, the Wonder Girls felt that the song was too different and would not be successful. However, once they were used to the song, they eventually believed it could be a strong single.
Composition.
"Tell Me" is a fast-tempo song about a girl who has fallen in love who hopes that he likes her too which she asks him to tell her that he likes her too. The highlight of the song is an exclamation of surprise, "어머나!" (Eomeona!, similar in meaning to "Oh, my goodness!) during the chorus which member Sohee does her trademark “Omona” expression.
North American release.
JYP Entertainment stated in June 2009 that "Tell Me" would be the second English single for the group, after "Nobody". On May 15, 2010, they released their 2nd American single "2 Different Tears" (also known as 2DT), which includes Tell Me on the tracklist.
Live performances.
This was the first single to feature Kim Yubin, the replacement for former member Kim Hyun-ah, who was removed from the group by her parents due to health issues. On September 5, 2007, Good Entertainment, the talent agency for the popular boy band Shinhwa, sent their trainee Yubin to JYP Entertainment as a replacement for Hyun-ah. She made her debut three days later in the group's live performance of "Tell Me" on "Music Bank ".
Due to the last-minute addition of Kim Yubin, the album version does not feature her; Before Hyuna left the group, according to sources she was already in the ‘Tell Me’ video. She was even the Wonder Girl in the MV but with her departure, Sohee took over the responsibilities. however, the version released and promoted by the group contained a rap verse performed by Kim Yubin. The single was a hit and reached number one on various Korean television and internet music charts, including KBS's "Music Bank".
Although the rap version was not initially given a release, it was eventually released as a B side on the Wonder Girls' follow-up single "So Hot".
In popular culture.
The choreography for the song was simple and widely imitated: by October, many fan performances of the dance circulated on video sharing sites such as YouTube and Daum, including one by a group of policemen who were eventually profiled on SBS's "Star King". This was dubbed the "Tell Me Syndrome" and led the girls to be named "Korea's Little Sisters". Many celebrities, including Shin Hye Sung, Kim Heechul, Nam Hyun Joon and Hong Kyung-min, also sang and danced to the song at their own fan meetings. The song was labelled a "pop phenomenon" by the "San Francisco Chronicle", and YouTube co-founder Steve Chen stated that the dance clips were among his favorites on the website.

</doc>
<doc id="18495018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495018" title="List of hospitals in Kuwait">
List of hospitals in Kuwait

These are the lists of hospitals in Kuwait:

</doc>
<doc id="18495037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495037" title="Bavarian A IV">
Bavarian A IV

Bavarian A IV engines were German 2-2-2 steam locomotives with the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn").
The vehicles were developed for night journeys and operations on the North-South Railway. In order to increase the area of the evaporator, the boiler was increased in length to 3,080 mm and in diameter to 1,219 mm. In addition, the weight and the boiler overpressure were raised. These were the first engines to have an outside frame with outside cylinders. This class was used widely, especially in south Germany and in Austria. All the engines bar one were retired by 1883. The survivor was initially converted to a 0-6-0, and later a 0-4-2 wheel arrangement.
They were coupled to 3 T 5 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18495058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495058" title="Gallantry">
Gallantry

Gallantry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18495061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495061" title="Endless Bummer">
Endless Bummer

Endless Bummer is the fifth studio album by Sloppy Seconds. It was released in 2008, ten years after "More Trouble Than They're Worth".
Trivia.
"Endless Bummer" was originally set to be released on June 24, 2008, but someone at the pressing plant found "Endless Bummer" offensive and refused to manufacture the CDs and LPs. As of July 18, 2008, the CDs and LPs have only been available while the band is on tour.
In response to the delay, B.A. said, "You know what? We should actually take pride in this little sideshow. Think about it: Well into the 21st century, when kiddie porn, grisly beheadings, war atrocities and bestiality are all just a mouse-click away, some stupid son-of-a-bitch still believes 'Endless Bummer' by Sloppy Seconds is a threat to the American way of life. Halle-fuckin-lujah!"

</doc>
<doc id="18495064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495064" title="HMS Badger (shore establishment)">
HMS Badger (shore establishment)

HMS "Badger" was commissioned on 13 September 1939 as the headquarters of the Flag Officer In Charge, Harwich and was decommissioned on 21 October 1946, although the Operations Room remained as the Emergency Port Control for the Harwich area. The site was Parkeston Quay, now Harwich International Port, and the bunker lies under Hamilton House, currently an occupational health centre, close to the entrance to Harwich International Port, a few miles west of Harwich.
Wartime Service.
The Parkeston Quay site had been used during World War I by the Royal Navy, and an Admiralty Research Laboratory had been constructed there. The port was again requesitioned from the LNER at the beginning of World War II. In its early days "Badger" provided a base for minesweepers, but by the end of 1940 it also serviced a destroyer flotilla, a submarine squadron and a Coastal Forces Motor Torpedo Boat base, becoming the largest base for small craft in the United Kingdom.
After a short period accommodated in the Station Hotel at Parkeston Quay, the accommodation and administration moved in 1940 to Hamilton House, the former Georgian customs house. A bunker was built under Hamilton House, and this opened in 1941 as an underground operations room. Anti-aircraft sea-forts (known as HM Fort Roughs), located 10 miles offshore, were kept supplied from HMS "Badger". An alternative deceptive site for Parkeston Quay was sited at East Mersea, but the port area suffered extensive damage from air attacks during the course of World War II 

</doc>
<doc id="18495066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495066" title="Creamer potato">
Creamer potato

Creamer potatoes are varieties of potatoes harvested before they mature to keep them small and tender. They are generally either Yukon Gold potatoes or Red potatoes, called gold creamers or red creamers respectively, and measure approximately one inch in diameter.
The skin of creamer potatoes is waxy and high in moisture content, and the flesh contains a lower level of starch than other potatoes, which makes it suitable for boiling.
There is ongoing research into the optimal production of creamer potatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="18495081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495081" title="R448 road (Ireland)">
R448 road (Ireland)

The R448 road is a regional road in Ireland. It is the designation given to sections of the former N9 national primary road when they are bypassed by sections of new highway.

</doc>
<doc id="18495108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495108" title="KKLN">
KKLN

KKLN (94.1 FM, "94.1 The Loon") is a radio station in Willmar, Minnesota, broadcasting from the Kandi Mall and airing a mainstream rock format. Following FCC approval of the transfer of license on Nov. 3, 2009, the station is owned by Headwaters Media, LLC, a company started by the General Manager and Chief Financial Officer.
History.
94.1 FM (previous call letters: KYRS) switched from country music to classic and new rock at 6 p.m. on June 21, 1999. For the next 94 hours, they played commercial free music. In October 1999, The Loon moved their studios from Atwater, MN to Willmar, MN, inside the Kandi Mall. In May 2006, The Loon began syndicating Alice Cooper's evening show, "Nights with Alice Cooper". In February 2008, The Loon began broadcasting the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series, via the Motor Racing Network (MRN) and Performance Racing Network (PRN). In September 2008, The Loon began broadcasting NFL Primetime games (Sunday, Monday and Thursday nights) from Dial Global. In October 2008, Eric Perkins of KARE 11 news joined as an afternoon sports commentator at 4:35 p.m. and 5:35 p.m. The station began carrying Pink Floyd program "Floydian Slip™" with Craig Bailey on April 9, 2011.
Programming.
Notable weekday programming includes "The Loon Morning Show" ("Rock, Rise & Shine", with Nate Thomas & Melanie Eckhart), middays with Melanie Eckhart, "The Rock Soup" with Melanie Eckhart, afternoons with Matt "Matt Man" Freedland, "The Eric Perkins Sports Drive" (with Eric Perkins from KARE 11 News), and "Nights with Alice Cooper".

</doc>
<doc id="18495116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495116" title="WHTL-FM">
WHTL-FM

WHTL-FM (102.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Whitehall, Wisconsin. It plays a classic hits music format.
WHTL-FM came to the air in 1981, playing contemporary hit music, and has since had a variety of formats. Currently, WHTL plays hits from the 1960s, '70s and '80s. The station covers local high school sports in addition to carrying Green Bay Packers football games.
The station broadcasts 24 hours a day, 7 days a week with live broadcasting from 6A.M. until 6P.M. Monday-Friday. WHTL also broadcasts live for high school sports and numerous community events. On air personalities are: Drew Douglas, Mark Ste. Marie, Terry Taylor, Marty Little and Nate Shaw. The station is owned by Eugene "Butch" Halama and the station manager is Barb Semb.
WHTL-FM's transmitter is located about 5 miles northeast of Whitehall and is on the highest point in Trempealeau County. WHTL's signal covers much of western Wisconsin including the nearby cities of Arcadia, Black River Falls, Neilsville, Eau Claire, Durand, Buffalo City, La Crosse, and Winona.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18495118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495118" title="23rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
23rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 23rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1864 and 1867.
The assembly sat at the pleasure of the Lieutenant-Governor of Nova Scotia, Charles Hastings Doyle. Richard Graves MacDonnell was governor for Nova Scotia from May 1864 to October 1865. William Fenwick Williams served as governor from 1865 to 1867.
John C. Wade was chosen as speaker for the house.
The assembly was dissolved on June 10, 1867.
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18495161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495161" title="Sugar Hooker Entertainment (S.H.E.)">
Sugar Hooker Entertainment (S.H.E.)

Sugar Hooker Entertainment is an all girl, multi-platform, lifestyle brand from Los Angeles, CA.
Bio.
SHE was founded in 2004 as an indie record label by Jerra Spence to support girls in punk and alternative music. The first release was Jerra’s debut album, Play Like A Girl [http://www.amazon.com/Jerra/e/B000APV3GU which sold over 10,000 copies independently.
Sugar Hooker Entertainment's (S.H.E.) name is derived from a song (Sugar Hooker) about sugar obsession written by founder and health fanatic, Jerra Spence, “I’m a Sugar Hooker, hooked on sugar.” The sub-context message of the brand was to raise awareness about manipulative marketing towards women and girls and to encourage their interaction with their community and health. 
In 2005, Sugar Hooker Entertainment (S.H.E.) expanded into a clothing company with clothes in boutiques nationally, internationally and in chain stores like Hot Topic, Up Against The Wall, and at events like the Vans Warped Tour and The Rockstar Taste Of Chaos Tour [http://www.rockstartasteofchaos.com/tents/sugarhooker.php. Their trademark designs encompass a theme of black, white, and pink. 
The brand worked closely with cult icon artist, Fawn Gehweiler, who created a strong visual identity between girls, colors, and sweets. The brand made New York Post's Haute List in 2007 [http://www.nypost.com/p/entertainment/fashion/item_e5k2EsNPn2RsN6urIu2vYN]. SHE was a key influencer on many lifestyle brands aiming at the girl market at the time. The brand remained true to girls through mentorship, activism, and aggressive street marketing.
S.H.E. clothing has been worn by many celebrities including Hayley Williams of Paramore, Audrina Patridge, will.i.am of The Black Eyed Peas, Travis McCoy of Gym Class Heroes, Shar Jackson, and many more. S.H.E. clothing has also been featured on MTV's Celebrity Rap Superstar, CurrentTV, and Fuse TV.
S.H.E. enjoyed their own stage on the entire Vans Warped Tour in 2006 with female fronted bands The Dollyrots, TAT, and Jerra. This was the beginning of SHE's production company with related content for SHEtv [http://www.youtube.com/user/SugarHookerEnt]. 
S.H.E. has been featured in Bust Magazine, Alternative Press, SG Magazine, TokyoPop, Entrepreneur Magazine, Cosmo Girl, In-Style Magazinel and online feminist blog, The F! Bomb to name a few.
Fans of S.H.E. are called the SHE army [http://www.sugarhooker.com/Community/sheisanarmy].
The brand, sold mostly at Hot Topic stores included body care, backpacks, and clothing. 10,000 free compilation albums titled "Pirate This" [http://www.idolfavorites.com/article.cfm/id/354371] with artists Linda Strawberry, Jerra, Charlotte Sometimes, and Ore Ska Band were also distributed for back to school in September 2009.
SHEtv.
SHEtv is a live, interactive video channel "for girls, by girls" in partnership with Stickam.com [http://www.stickam.com] providing relevant content about girl culture. The show went live in 2008 enjoying over 1.6 million viewers. 
Past guests on SHEtv include: Serena Ryder, Meg and Dia, Charlotte Sometimes, Monique Powell, The Chelsea Girls, Carmen Electra, and Reid Speed. SHEtv has also shot live from various popular clubs in Los Angeles including The Roxy, Club Bang!, and The Viper Room as well as The Vans Warped 2007 and 2008. 
Shows on SHEtv include"Bite Me" (a healthy cooking segment), "G.I.R.L. - Girls In Real Life" (a hosted reality talk show about today's girl culture), "SHEworld" (an all-girl themed, scripted variety show), and "SHEtv LIVE" (women in music - live from Los Angeles). 
SHEtv first appeared on YouTube at Youtube.com/SugarHookerEnt in 2005 and then Official SHE Youtube Site
Sugar Free Lifestyle.
Currently, Jerra Spence keeps a casual blog about "Sugar Free Living" Jerra's Blog Site.
SHE Timeline.
2004- SHE Records Launches
2005 - Vans Warped Tour and SHE Clothing
2006 - SHEtv and Hot Topic
- artists who played the SHE Stage included Gym Class Heroes, Adair, The Dollyrots, Tat, Jerra, Angelo of Fishbone (Dr. Madvibes), and many more
2007 - SHEtv Live Partnership with Stickam.Com 
2008 - SHE-TV Live, A Teaspoon Of Sugar, Pirate This, Taste Of Chaos
2009 - SHE Private Label + Expanding SHEtv
2010- 2011 Blog and Consulting

</doc>
<doc id="18495163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495163" title="Norm deSilva">
Norm deSilva

Norman deSilva (born August 20, in New Bedford, Massachusetts) is a former NCAA basketball player and Assistant Coach for the Utah Flash of the NBA Development League (NBADL). 
In , de Silva signed with NCAA Babson College. He started at point guard his freshmen year and led the league in assists in his sophomore season while also leading the nation in turnovers. Despite many setbacks and overwhelming odds, he did manage to earn a degree in Finance.
deSilva played his high school basketball at Dartmouth High School, and was a McDonald's High School All-American nominee his senior year. He helped lead his school to a division 1 state semi-final appearance in front of thousands in Eastern Massachusetts. Some feel he is best remembered by the loss because many locals will forever hold him responsible due to a late turnover in regulation. Most Recently deSilva was Assistant Coach of the Utah Flash of the NBA's D-League. He currently resides in Chicago and works at Tim Grover's NBA facility Attack Athletics in Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="18495171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495171" title="Air Resupply And Communications Service">
Air Resupply And Communications Service

The Air Resupply And Communications Service (ARCS) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. It was assigned to Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland. Established during the Korean War, the mission of ARCS was providing the Air Force an unconventional warfare capability during the 1950s. Inactivated in 1954, elements continued to operate until the reactivation of air commando units by the Kennedy Administration in 1962.
Mission.
The mission of ARCS was:
History.
Background.
During World War II unconventional warfare was carried out in every major combat theater by the United States. Clandestine operations, ranging from leaflet dropping to parachuting OSS agents inside enemy-controlled territory, to "Air Commando" units in the CBI Theater played an essential role in securing victory against Nazi Germany and the Japanese Empire. With the demobilization of the armed forces after the war, most of this capability was lost as the Air Force concentrated on the acquisition of jet aircraft and trying to maintain combat ready forces with austere budgets.
With the outbreak of the Cold War it became apparent to US leadership that the Soviet Union under Joseph Stalin could not be appeased, persuaded, or otherwise convinced to respect the territorial rights of its neighbor nations. The United States Air Force (USAF) and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) had been created by the National Security Act of 1947 and activated a short time later.
Visionaries in the Pentagon reasoned that the next war would be fought and won (or lost) in the minds
of those fighting it. Subsequently, the Psychological Warfare Division was established at the Air Staff in February 1948. By definition psychological warfare in 1948 was synonymous with special operations as defined during World War II. The new Psychological Warfare Division (also known as PW) division immediately set about to develop plans to fight this "new" type of warfare, which came to be known as psychological warfare, or PSYWAR for short.
In 1950 Air Staff/PW created special operations wings devoted to the PSYWAR mission to support United States objectives in the Cold War. All Air Commando-designated units had been inactivated after World War II, however the Korean War underscored the need for a substantial Air Force unconventional warfare capability. Despite the urgency of the war, it took eight months before the Air Resupply and Communications Service (ARCS) was activated by HQ USAF at Andrews AFB, Maryland on 23 February 1951. Assigned to Military Air Transport Service (MATS) the plan called for three flying wings, equipped with a mixture of B-29 Superfortress bombers, twin-engine SA-16 amphibians, C-119 and C-54 transports and H-19 helicopters to be established to perform the psychological warfare and unconventional warfare missions. Although MATS was the official parent command of ARCS, operations were directed from the Pentagon Psychological Warfare Division, Directorate of Plans, HQ, USAF.
MATS established ARCS Wings as follows:
Equipment.
Assigned to an Air Resupply Wing were 12 specially modified B-29 heavy bombers, four C-119 heavy transports, four SA-16 amphibians, and four H-19A helicopters. All aircraft were new, except for the B-29s, which had been pulled from USAF storage at Warner Robins AFB, Georgia. Five other non-flying squadrons were assigned to support the wing's operations by providing maintenance, cargo airdrop rigging, long-range communications, and PSYWAR/leaflet production. One unique squadron was devoted to preparing guerrilla-type personnel for insertion into enemy occupied territory.
Extensive modifications were required for the B-29 Superfortress to enable it to perform the special operations mission. All turrets, except the tail turret, were removed from the aircraft, leaving the aircraft unarmed and incapable of self-defense. A parachutist’s exit was made where the belly gun turret was originally located. Resupply bundles were mounted on bomb racks inside the bomb bay, thus allowing the bundles to be dropped like bombs over the drop zone. Aircraft were painted black, and a crude HTR-13 obstruction-warning radar was installed to warn the crew of approaching terrain. The major flaw in the B-29 employed in the special operations role, however, was that it had been designed for high-altitude precision bombing, not low-level airdrop. Over the drop zone at drop airspeed, the aircraft was near its stall speed and was difficult to maneuver.
A B-29 was assigned to the 580th ARCW conducted trials at Eglin AFB, Florida, during the summer of 1951 to determine if the aircraft could be used to extract personnel utilizing the prototype Personnel Pickup Ground Station extraction system. The test aircraft was modified with a opening in place of the aft-belly turret and with an elongated tailhook at the rear of the aircraft. The system was similar to the one adopted in 1952 by Fifth Air Force for the C-47s of the Special Air Missions detachment in South Korea. The tests proved technically feasible, but the project was dropped for the B-29 aircraft due to aircraft size and safety considerations of flying it so close to the ground.
Korean War.
Detachment 2, 21st Troop Carrier Squadron.
Beginning in the fall of 1950, two organizations began conducting "Special Air Missions" in South Korea shortly after the invasion of the South by North Korea. The Far East Air Forces 21st Troop Carrier Squadron, 315th Air Division flew C-47 Skytrain transports, based out of whatever front line airstrip its aircraft found itself at the end of each day. Within the squadron was an innocuously-named "Detachment 2", whose mission was to perform unconventional warfare missions. Following the September 1950 breakout from the Pusan Perimeter, the detachment moved north to Seoul's Kimpo Airport (K-14). From there, Detachment 2's aircraft would soon become active far behind enemy lines as far north as Manchuria. Det. 2 supported Far East Command (FECOM) Technical Intelligence; Fifth Air Force; the CIA, and varied United States and South Korean irregular partisan Units. Seldom numbering more than half-a-dozen C-47s, Det. 2's pilots coordinated and flew special operations missions for all these individual groups. One of the more hazardous missions carried out by Det. 2. was night, long-range low-level penetration missions to insert Korean partisans behind communist lines.
Flying single-aircraft, 8-hour missions in Korea's mountains, the Detachment became proficient in night operations. To ensure maximum communications and operations security for their missions, FECOM Intelligence gave the code-name "Rabbits" to these highly-valued HUMINT agents. They knew that once dropped behind enemy lines, there was only one way back, to walk. Behind the lines, Rabits used SCR-300 infantry radios to request resupply and to relay intelligence through Det 2 aircraft flying overhead with a long co-axian reception antennae trailing behind the aircraft. It worked, assuming that anti-aircraft fire, weather, or a collision with fog-shrouded mountains had not terminated the mission. 
Special female agents were also dropped with orders to attach themselves to the highest Chinese or North Korean officer and travel with him as far as possible toward the front lines. Unarmed, even without radios, their survival was totally dependent on their individual ability to deceive enemy officers they were sent out to approach. These female agents proved remarkably effective. Once near the lines they would allow themselves to be captured by Allied forces. From detention camps, a pre-arranged signal from them would lead to their release and immediate debriefing of intelligence gathered during their mission. Approximately 1,000 Rabbits were dropped into enemy territory between September 1950 and June 1951. Amazingly, more than 70 percent returned to friendly territory, providing key intelligence into North Korean activities.
Det 2. also developed a C-47 "Bomber". The unit modified some of its aircraft with container racks and bomb shackles and slung two 75-gallon napalm bombs under the transport's belly. Once the Rabbit was dropped by parachute, the "bomber" crews were free to take the war to the enemy. With the aid of moonlight, Det. 2 crews soon became adept at locating truck convoys moving south under cover of darkness to avoid allied airstrikes. By attacking at extremely low altitudes, their accuracy against convoys was phenomenal. From these attacks, it was learned that communist commanders were ordered to avoid detection at all costs, even after being fired upon. Thus the convoy attacks were usually met without any response. 
The November 1950 Communist Chinese intervention into the Korean War was first detected by Det. 2 aircraft, when it saw thousands of troops, trucks, on the ground in Manchuria, on the Chinese side of the Yalu River. This intelligence, however, was not taken seriously and, as history shows, the massive Chinese attack took the UN Command in Korea by surprise. Also, Det 2's "bomber" operations were ordered to be immediately shut down when UN headquarters was made aware of a plan to attack the headquarters of the Soviet Advisory staff in North Korea. As UN forces retreated south during the Chinese attack, contact was lost between the two armies. The order came down from FECOM Intelligence to find the Chinese, and fast!. In response, Det. 2 parachuted an early warning line of Rabbits at various distances along an east-west axis across the Korean peninsula. Due to various constraints with the SCR-300 radios and the mountainous terrain, the agents were given smoke grenades. At the same time the C-47s were painted with large black and white stripes under the wings for identification purposes. A system was developed that if the Chinese had crossed a point near a Rabbit, red smoke was put out; green if South Korean troops were near the agent; yellow if no one had crossed the areas. Crude, but effective, the system worked.
The unit also employed PSYWAR operations by fitting loudspeakers to its C-47s. With the sight of a low-flying transport with impunity was in itself a psychological blow to Chinese Communist and North Korean soldiers, female voices were used for loudspeaker messages announcing that if the troops did not surrender, they would be napalmed. F-51 Mustangs would accompany the C-47s with show-of-force overflights. In one instance, 300 communist troops surrendered along with several trucks of supplies.
In the overall effort, Det. 2's contribution was miniscule, but it demonstrated the usefulness of Air Commando and special operations.
581st Air Resupply And Communications Wing.
The 581st saw extensive combat in the Korean War, printing and then dropping millions of surrender leaflets on the enemy in countless PSYWAR operations. It supported the Central Intelligence Agency by performing agent drops and extractions, and resupplying South Korean partisans operating behind enemy lines. Its crews drew upon the lessons of the World War II Eighth Air Force 492d Bombardment Group, the "Carpetbaggers". The Carpetbaggers had performed precisely the same kind of clandestine missions over Nazi-Occupied Europe in support of the Office of Strategic Services. Its B-29s were modified for low level agent and special team drops. Except for tail guns, all armament was removed, and its aircraft were painted black underneath.
In January 1953, the 581st lost one of its B-29s and its entire fourteen-man crew while flying a leaflet drop mission over North Korea near the Chinese border. The aircraft had already dropped leaflets over five North Korean towns and was beginning its last run over the village of Cholson. Some of the leaflets carried war news, but others warned of an impending bombing attack by United Nations forces. Suddenly enemy searchlights lit up the sky, and in a rare night attack, a MiG-15 fighter attacked the B-29, setting afire its right inboard engine. The bomber shook as the tail gunner responded to the attack. Two more MiGs swept by the bomber, this time hitting the number three and four engines with machine gun and cannon fire. With the plane falling from the sky, the crew bailed out. Three of the crew died in the crash, but the remaining crewmen, including the 581st Wing Commander were captured and sent to a camp in China. They were imprisoned as war criminals by the Chinese engaged in "espionage". They were held past the June 1953 Korean Armistice and subjected to an international publicized propaganda trial. Later under growing international pressure, the Chinese released the eleven airmen on 3 August 1955, making them the last Korean War American prisoners to be released by the Chinese communists.
As the war wound down in 1953, the 581st responded to an urgent request by the French Government in Indochina for assistance. The wing was tasked to resupply French forces fighting the communist Viet Minh in the First Indochina War. 581st C-119 Flying Boxcars shuttled cargo and troops back and forth continuously between Clark Air Base and French enclaves in Da Nang, Hanoi and Haiphong, Indochina. The 581st also trained civilian C-119 pilots for the Civil Air Transport (CAT), a CIA front company that continued to fly combat missions throughout Indochina until 1954.
581st Air Resupply Squadron Helicopter Flight.
Other 581st combat operations in Korea included a special H-19 Chickasaw Helicopter Flight co-located and blended in with elements of the 2157th Air Rescue Squadron at Kimpo Airport (K-14). In one six month period of operations, the H-19s logged over 1,100 hours of combat flying in over 300 intelligence and rescue missions. Parked alongside the ARS H-19 helicopters the "Rescue" markings had been painted over with the words "Air Resupply". However, these helicopters had a very different mission than air rescue. The 581st Air Resupply Squadron Helicopter Flight didn't get their operations orders from the 581st Wing, or even from Fifth Air Force. The Air Commandos of the 581st Helicopter Flight received their missions from U. S. Far East Command's "Liaison Detachment", a battle group of the United Nations "Combined Command for Reconnaissance Activities, Korea".
The helicopter Flight flew blacked-out, single-ship night low-level insertions of United Nations agents and sabotage teams behind North Korean lines. On occasion, the helicopters would augment the 2157th Air Rescue Squadron as a secondary mission. Virtually all night insertion missions began with one of the Flight's helicopters departing at night from Cho-do Island (K-54) a bleak rock located ten miles from the Korean coast, sixty miles north of the 38th Parallel. The island's proximity to the peninsula's coastline and mudflats provided an ideal base to conduct night special operations missions. The Flight would proceed from K-14 to Cho-do and pick up the agents. After a final briefing, the H-19s flew out over the sea at wave-top level to avoid North Korean radars. 
As the Air Rescue service did not fly night rescue missions, the North Koreans soon learned that the sound of a helicopter at night meant only one thing: an agent insertion or extraction mission was in progress. To lower the sound of the helicopters, the aircrews of the H-19s kept the engine exhaust stack on the left side of the helicopter away from the coastline as much as possible. The crews could only hope that North Koreans weren't waiting in ambush for them. As dangerous as these missions were, the Air Commandos at least had the element of surprise and the safety of darkness on their side.
Two Air Commando H-19 pilots would later receive the Silver Star and Distinguished Flying Crosses from an attempted rescue mission described in their citations as "the deepest helicopter penetration of the Korean War". Taking off from Cho-do Island in the early morning hours, Captain Frank J. Westerman and Lieutenant Robert Sullivan flew low-level through darkness for two hours, guided north by an Air Rescue SA-16 pathfinder aircraft flying overhead at an altitude of 100 feet. At first light, the helicopter was 16 miles south of the Chinese border and within ten minutes flying time of the Chinese MiG fighter base at Antung, the largest Chinese fighter base in North Korea. Racing inland they discovered the valley the downed pilot was reported to be in, which turned out to be a massive camouflage supply and troop depot. The valley contained at least a regiment of troops, all armed and firing as fast as they could. The hills looked like a large warehouse, piles of equipment and supplies under camouflage nets. It was quickly evident that no evading American was walking around in the area. The Air Commandos fled for their lives, informing the SA-16 offshore to do the same. It was likely that the rescue attempt was bait for a Chinese trap. All of the Air Commandos returned to Cho-do successfully.
Cold War.
From its base in Libya, the 580th AR&CW operated in Southern and Southeastern Europe as well as the Middle East, frequently working with United States Army Special Forces in the Alps. The 580th also had extensive ground-based printing facilities to produce propaganda leaflets to be dropped from its B-29s.
Between 1953 and 1956, the 580th's SA-16 Flight supported CIA Lockheed U-2 overflights of Eastern Europe. On two different occasions, SA-16 crews recovered U-2 pilots after their all-black, single engine spy jets crashed, one in the Caspian Sea north of Iran and the second in the Black Sea. The SA-16 Flight was also particularly suited to support Special Forces teams. This mission required an SA-16 to fly across the Mediterranean at night from Wheelus AB and land on a lake in West Germany at dawn, pick up a team from the 10th Special Forces Group and transport them to RAF Molesworth, England. The SA-16 crew was briefed that their "customers" would be in a boat on the lake, disguised as fishermen. As dawn broke over the lake, the plane settled down on the water promptly on schedule and taxied over to the only boat on the lake.
Loading their passengers aboard quickly, the crew took off for England, surprised to find that the three passengers consisted of two men and a woman. The crew remarked among themselves that they were surprised to learn that Army special forces now included women. The plane landed at Molesworth without incident. Only there did they learn that the crew had picked up three West German citizens who were out on a morning fishing trip. After apologies were made, the crew flew the civilians back to West Germany, and the passengers thanked the airmen for the surprise trip.
ARCS Inactivation.
By 1953 USAF interest in the unconventional warfare mission had run its course. The primary reason for this reduction was funding. The Air Force was essentially operating a national-level special operations program for an agency outside the Department of Defense—the CIA—with dollars needed for higher priority strategic forces. With the rapid buildup of the Strategic Air Command to counter Soviet Cold War aggression and the resulting funding requirements, the lesser priority PSYWAR mission was curtailed.
All three AR&CW were downgraded to Group status in 1953, but continued to perform classified missions until their final inactivation in 1956. The downsized groups were approximately one-half the size of the former wings and consisted of two squadrons—one flying squadron and one support squadron, as compared to six squadrons in each wing before the reorganization. In April 1953 the Air Staff directed ARCS to limit operations to Air Force only projects, thus ending support for such outside agencies as the CIA. Nine months later Department of the Air Force Letter 322 and Military Air Transport Service General Order 174 inactivated ARCS, effective 1 January 1954.
General Order 37, Headquarters Seventeenth Air Force, dated 12 October 1956, inactivated the 580th ARG in place in Libya. Third Air Force General Order 86, dated 18 October 1956, inactivated the 582d ARS, effective 25 October 1956. With the inactivation of the 581st at Kadena AB in September 1956, the USAF closed the book on the long-range unconventional warfare mission around which the ARCS and its associated wings were based.
Their missions were continued, on a smaller scale, by USAF successors under a variety of different designations. At Molesworth, the 42d Troop Carrier Squadron (Special) absorbed the C-119s, SA-16s, and the remaining personnel of both the 580th and 582d Air Resupply and Communications Groups. The 42d also maintained at detachment at Wheelus. In 1957, the 42d traded in its C-119s for the more powerful, longer range C-54 Skymaster and moved from Moleswroth to nearby RAF Alconbury when Molesworth was put into a standby status. By the end of the year, the 42d was inactivated and with it the Air Commando mission in Europe.
In the Pacific, the 581st ACWG was taken over by the 322d Troop Carrier Squadron (Medium, Special) flying C-54s until its inactivation in 1958. Cold War tensions, however, remained strong during the 1950s even after the 1953 Korean Armistices.
Air National Guard.
The Air National Guard's introduction to the world of special operations began when MATS began phasing out its Air Resupply units. Despite the decision, there was still a need to maintain a limited number of crews and aircraft to support unconventional warfare missions. After lengthy deliberations, the Air Force decided in 1955 to establish four special air warfare units within the Air National Guard: 
Equipped with hand-me-down equipment from the inactivated ARCS (minus the B-29s), these Air National Guard units trained in Air Commando tactics. During the early 1960s, these units were re-designated first as Air Commando units, then as Special Operations in 1968. After the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, these units were converted to other missions.
Tibet.
After Mao Tse Tung's communist victory in 1949 over Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalists in China, Mao turned his army west into Tibet during 1950. Tibet's independent tribes rebelled, becoming "bandits" to the Chinese communists. In the years after the Korean War, the Chinese were still fighting against a Tibetan guerrilla army (Tibetan rebels, in fact were active until the late 1980s). The communists had one indispensable advantage, as the rugged geography of Tibet made outside support from the west to the Tibetan guerrilla almost impossible. President Eisenhower wanted to send aid, however the United States lacked the expertise and equipment to conduct the long-range air commando clandestine logistics mission it needed just to get to Tibet.
The needed airlift capability was forthcoming from a select group of USAF officers selected for service outside of official Air Force channels. Detachment 2, 1045th Observation, Evaluation an Training Group (OE&TG) was established at Kadena AB, Okinawa in 1955. Det. 2's mission was to conduct high-altitude, high-risk, clandestine logistics support flights to Tibet. It initially utilized a single C-118 Liftmaster marked as Civil Air Transport (CAT), a CIA aircraft owned by the United States Government. By 1959, the plane completed more than 200 overflights from its base at Saigon, South Vietnam to Tibet. However, the extremely high altitudes the plane operated at just to get to Tibet precluded effective support, as weight and fuel limitations meant that the plane had to fly with a diminished cargo capacity. The loss of only one of the aircraft's four engines over Tibet's rugged mountains would make the loss of the aircraft and American crew inevitable, taking with it any hope of maintaining "Plausible deniability" of United States support to the rebels. The new Lockheed C-130A Hercules was the obvious choice for the operation, however the only C-130s available in the Pacific were assigned to the USAF 315th Air Division, 21st Troop Carrier Squadron. Secretary of Defense Thomas S. Gates, Jr. approved the establishment of "E Flight", 21st Troop Carrier Squadron, which was activated in March, 1959. 
E Flight C-130s were flown from Kadena to Takhli Airfield, Thailand for removal of USAF markings and manning by CAT personnel for flying over the Himalayas to Tibet. To reduce their chance of Chinese detection, the CAT aircrews flew their C-130s to Northern Thailand through inadequately chartered mountainous terrain with no navaids except the navigator's celestial plotting skills. All missions to Tibet were also flown at night during ten-day "moon windows" which allowed at least some visual terrain recognition. Also flights were limited to the dry Monsoon season to eliminate the chance of becoming lost in the clouds. A routine mission would carry a number of cargo pallets rigged for parachute dropping along with personnel consisting of a US adviser and Tibetan Guerrillas trained by the United States which would parachute out along with the cargo. The Guerrillas were trained secretly at "Camp Hale", a secluded site located above 10,000 feet elevation near Leadville, Colorado and then flown out from Peterson AFB to Asia.
However, these missions taxed even the extreme range capability of the C-130. Shifting winds or mechanical problems frequently caused mission deviations, and a discrete relationship was had with the Government of Pakistan to allow C-130s to land in East Pakistan if necessary. When Tibet's leader, the Dalai Lama, fled Tibet, it was these Tibetan Guerrillas and US Advisers who aided his escape to India.
With the downing of Gary Power's U-2 over the Soviet Union in May 1960, the Eisenhower Administration ordered all air commando missions into Tibet ended immediately, and mission was ended. Shortly afterwards, America's attention was being drawn towards another growing conflict in Southeast Asia, which would establish the Air Commandos on a permanent basis.
Operation Pluto (Alabama ANG).
In 1960, the Alabama Air National Guard consisted of two RF-84F Thunderflash tactical reconnaissance squadrons that primarily flew air photography missions in support of the needs of the state. Flooding, hurricane damage and forest fire mapping were its primary objectives. It was from these men that a secret training team was set up by an experienced Air Force special warfare officer attached to the CIA to assist in the training, equipping and organizing a Cuban exile force. The Cubans executed "Operation Pluto", an amphibious paratroop invasion of "Cuba at Bahia de Conchinos", in English, the Bay of Pigs.
The Eisenhower Administration wanted to see regime change in Cuba after its communist revolution in 1959. In the summer of 1960, the CIA obtained fifteen World War II B-26 Invader medium bombers from storage at Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona and had them refurbished. To fly these aircraft, Cuban exile pilots needed to be trained in their operations. Searching for B-26 instructors and maintenance personnel, the CIA became aware of an organization that had exactly the people it needed: The Alabama Air National Guard. Specifically, the 106th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron at Birmingham was the last Air National Guard organization to fly the B-26, having retired its old bombers just three years earlier in 1957. Working discretely through the Alabama Adjutant General's office, the Air Commando Major attached to the CIA (who was born and raised in Alabama) made arrangements for some Alabama ANG pilots and maintenance crews to train the Cubans in the B-26. In less than two months, eighty American instructors were transported to a secret CIA air base at Puerto Cabezas Airport, Nicaragua, to begin training the Cuban exiles. Both B-26 ground attack missions along with C-46 paratrooper training for the exile's airborne forces were emphasized. The Alabama ANG instructor pilots were told prior to volunteering that their primary mission was to train Cuban exile aircrews; they were not going to fly in combat unless it was a last resort.
The plan was that a pre-invasion air strikes would destroy Fidel Castro's small fighter force, especially its three T-33 Shooting Star jets that the Cuban Air Force possessed that were armed with M-3 machine guns. On 15 April 1961, at about 06:00 Cuba local time, eight B-26 bombers in three groups simultaneously attacked three Cuban airfields at San Antonio de los Baños and at Ciudad Libertad (formerly named Campo Columbia), both near Havana, plus the Antonio Maceo International Airport at Santiago de Cuba. At San Antonio, the three attackers destroyed three Cuban B-26s, one Sea Fury and one T-33. At Ciudad Libertad, the three attackers destroyed only non-operational aircraft with the lost of one B-26, and a companion B-26 was damaged, and flew north to the Florida Keys. Late on 16 April, President Kennedy ordered cancellation of further airfield strikes planned for dawn on 17 April, to attempt plausible deniability of US direct involvement.
On D-Day, 17 April, four of the B-26s were shot down in combat. With the loss of the Cuban-flown B-26, the CIA reluctantly authorized American volunteers to fly combat missions over the beachhead on D+2, 19 April. Five B-26 sorties were scheduled, four of them with American crews. Known as the "Mad Dog Flight"', Castro's T-33 jets and propeller-driven Hawker Sea Fury fighters were waiting as the Alabama ANG pilots attempted to drive home attacks against the advancing Cuban Army ground forces. In the day-long combat that ensued, four Alabama ANG aircrew in two B-26s were shot down and killed. Agonized US Navy fighter pilots flying over the beachhead from the USS Essex (CV-9) watched the Cuban fighters attacking the B-26s, but were ordered not to interfere. The invasion collapsed the following day.
Air Commando Wings and modern era.
At the same time of the Bay of Pigs invasion by the CIA, at the direction of President Kennedy, Air Force General Curtis Lemay directed HQ Tactical Air Command in April 1961 to organize and equip a unit to train USAF personnel in World War II–type aircraft and equipment; ready surplus World War II-era aircraft for transfer, as required, to friendly governments provide to foreign air force personnel in the operation and maintenance of these planes develop/improve: weapons, tactics, and techniques. In response to Lemay's directive, on 14 April 1961 Tactical Air Command activated the 4400th Combat Crew Training Squadron (CCTS) at Eglin AFB Auxiliary Field #9, Florida. The provisional unit had a designated strength of 124 officers and 228 enlisted men.
In the early 1960s, the United States found itself in the Vietnam War, and with that came the formation of the active-duty Air Commando, later renamed Special Operations Wings in 1968.
In 1990, the Air Force formed the Air Force Special Operations Command, elevating Air Force special operations to the Major Command level.

</doc>
<doc id="18495177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495177" title="Pleasantville, Berks County, Pennsylvania">
Pleasantville, Berks County, Pennsylvania

Pleasantville is an unincorporated community in Oley Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located at the junction of Pennsylvania Route 73 and Covered Bridge Road, a short distance from Manatawny. Important places in Pleasantville include the Pleasantville Park, Pleasantville Covered Bridge, and Pleasantville Evangelical Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18495192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495192" title="SHARE Israel">
SHARE Israel

SHARE-Israel is the Israeli component of the Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe, a multidisciplinary and cross-national panel database of micro data on health, socio-economic status as well as social and family networks of individuals aged 50 or over.
About SHARE-Israel.
Israel joined the SHARE framework in 2004, being the first country in the Middle East to initiate a systematic study of its aging population. SHARE-Israel encompasses two waves of data collected thus far. All SHARE data, including the Israeli component, is available to the entire research community free of charge, and can be obtained through the SHARE website or the National Archive of Computerized Data on Aging.
SHARE-Israel is coordinated by the Israel Gerontological Data Center (IGDC)[http://igdc.huji.ac.il/Home/Home.aspx], at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. The Israel Gerontological Data Center was established with funds from the Ministry of Science and Technology, and is supported by the Ministry for Senior Citizens. SHARE-Israel is directed by Prof. Howard Litwin, with assistance from a multidisciplinary team of expert consultants from the United States, Europe and Israel.
The instrument.
The survey instrument addresses demographic details, physical health, grip strength, walking speed, behavioral risks, cognitive function, mental health, health care, employment and pensions, children, social support, financial transfers, housing, household income, consumption, assets and future expectations. In addition, the Israeli questionnaire includes two domains not yet addressed in SHARE: 
Data collection.
In order to obtain a representative sample of Israelis aged 50 or over, Israel's population was divided into three sections: 
Wave 1.
Executed in Israel in 2005-2006, the first wave encompassed 2,598 respondents residing in 1,771 households. 
Wave 2.
Executed in Israel in 2009-2010, the second wave encompassed 2,464 respondents. 
Wave 3.
Data is scheduled to be collected during 2013.
Results.
The Israel Gerontological Data Center holds an up-to-date list of all publications based on SHARE-Israel results.[http://igdc.huji.ac.il/Static/Heb/NewShare/Publications.htm]
Funding.
SHARE-Israel has been supported by:

</doc>
<doc id="18495194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495194" title="U.S. Sheep Experiment Station">
U.S. Sheep Experiment Station

The U.S. Sheep Experiment Station (USSES) is an agricultural experiment station focusing on domestic sheep ("Ovis aries") which is run by the United States Department of Agriculture's Agricultural Research Service. Its stated mission is "...to develop integrated methods for increasing production efficiency of sheep and to simultaneously improve the sustainability of rangeland ecosystems".
Geography and facilities.
The station is located roughly six miles north of Dubois, Idaho, and its lands span both Idaho and Montana. Its headquarters are on of land owned by the Agricultural Research Service, including research facilities, animal facilities (such as lambing pens and dry lots), as well as residential facilities. The station is surrounded by the Caribou-Targhee National Forest, as well being within two hours of the Grand Teton and Yellowstone National Parks.
It also holds roughly within Montana's Centennial Mountains and near Kilgore, Idaho, both of which are used largely for seasonal grazing and rangeland research. The USSES spans several diverse ecosystems, including subalpine meadow, foothill, sagebrush steppe, and desert shrubland. The station is the second largest employer in Clark County, Idaho.
Research.
The U.S. Sheep Experiment Station conducts research in the areas of ovine reproductive efficiency, genetic improvement (especially of breeds), nutrient intake and use, ovine growth and development, range/grazing management, and product quality (i.e. meat and wool). In addition to lambs and other attendant sheep, the station has a base flock of 3,000 mature sheep. 
Breeds developed at the U.S. Sheep Experiment Station include: 
One of the few areas of conflict when it comes to the station's research is its overlap with grizzly bear habitat. In 2010, the station made efforts to limit grazing in bear habitats, but by 2013 environmental groups sued, claiming that its research activities continue to threaten grizzlies in the greater Yellowstone area.

</doc>
<doc id="18495205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495205" title="Lake Lila">
Lake Lila

Lake Lila is a 1,400 acre (5.6 km²) Lake in the William C. Whitney Wilderness Area, in the town of Long Lake, in the west-central portion of the Adirondack Park. 
Lake Lila is the largest lake in the Adirondack Park whose shoreline is entirely state-owned; it is the twenty-second largest body of water in the park. The southeastern portion of Lake Lila is an extensive wetland drained by the Shingle Shanty Brook, which feeds the lake; the lake is drained by the Beaver River. The lake is bordered by Mount Frederica.
There are 24 primitive campsites, 18 of which are accessible only by boat. Boats must be hand-launched, and motors are not permitted; there is a carry from the parking lot to the lake. 
History.
Lake Lila was originally called Smith Lake. William Seward Webb assembled a preserve, called Nehasane Park, in the process of creating the Mohawk and Malone Railway (later called the Adirondack Railway). Webb built a Great Camp, Forest Lodge, on the western shore of Smith Lake, which he renamed for his wife, Lila Osgood Vanderbilt Webb, the daughter of William H. Vanderbilt.
In 1979, New York State acquired the of Nehasane Park surrounding Lake Lila; Forest Lodge was razed by the state at the request of the Webb family as part of the acquisition process. The railway station that formerly served the lodge still stands. The area was originally known as Lake Lila Primitive Area, before it was made a part of the William C. Whitney Wilderness Area in 1997. The railroad right-of-way is now the Remsen-Lake Placid Travel Corridor.

</doc>
<doc id="18495206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495206" title="Kimura HK-1">
Kimura HK-1

__NOTOC__
The Kimura HK-1 was a glider built in Japan in 1939 to investigate the possibilities of tailless aircraft. It was a single-seat design with an open cockpit, swept wings, and a single tail fin. The HK-1 made a total of 169 test flights between 15 December 1939 and 7 March 1940, towed aloft behind a car. 
By this time, the glider's success had attracted the attention of the Army, which arranged to purchase the aircraft. It was taken to the Tachikawa factory for testing, but was crashed after only 13 flights, on 16 April 1940. The design proved sufficiently interesting for the Army to commission further research into the tailless concept, which would lead to the Kayaba Ku-2.

</doc>
<doc id="18495210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495210" title="2004 San Francisco 49ers season">
2004 San Francisco 49ers season

The 2004 San Francisco 49ers season was the team's 59th season, and 55th season in the National Football League.
The 49ers hoped to improve upon their disappointing 7–9 output from the previous season. However, the 49ers finished the season with the worst record in football, managing only two victories, both coming against division-rival Arizona Cardinals in overtime. The 49ers earned the #1 overall pick in the 2005 NFL Draft, where they selected quarterback Alex Smith, who would play for the team for eight seasons.
Head coach Dennis Erickson was fired after the season.
Game Summaries.
Week 1: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
at "San Francisco Stadium at Candlestick Point, San Francisco, California"
Sunday, September 12, 2004
The 49ers opened the season at home against the Falcons. The game was statistically dominated by the 49ers, but they were required to make a fourth quarter comeback. The 49ers had an opportunity to tie the game, but a two-point conversion pass attempt from Tim Rattay fell harmlessly to the ground. The loss had the 49ers open the season at 0–1.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
ATL- Alge Crumpler 15-yard pass from Michael Vick (Jay Feely kick)
2nd Quarter
ATL- Warrick Dunn 2-yard rush (Jay Feely kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 23-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 32-yard field goal
4th Quarter
ATL- Warrick Dunn 9-yard rush (Jay Feely kick)
SF- Cedrick Wilson 8-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Todd Peterson kick)
SF- Eric Johnson 16-yard pass from Tim Rattay (pass failed)
Week 2: at New Orleans Saints.
at Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana
Sunday, September 19, 2004
In a high-scoring battle, in which both teams scored during all four quarters, the Saints bested the 49ers by a three point differential. The 49ers took an early lead with a 30-yard field goal by Todd Peterson, but after the Saints scored, the 49ers played catch-up the rest of the game. With this close loss, the 49ers dropped to 0–2 on the season.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 30-yard field goal
NO- Joe Horn 8-yard pass from Aaron Brooks (John Carney kick)
NO- John Carney 32-yard field goal
2nd Quarter
SF- Kevan Barlow 10-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
NO- Jerome Pathon 37-yard pass from Aaron Brooks (John Carney kick)
NO- John Carney 36-yard field goal
SF- Kevan Barlow 1-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
3rd Quarter
NO- John Carney 37-yard field goal
SF- Todd Peterson 33-yard field goal
4th Quarter
SF- Jamal Robertson 1-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
NO- Donte Stallworth 16-yard pass from Aaron Brooks (John Carney kick)
Week 3: at Seattle Seahawks.
At "Qwest Field, Seattle, Washington"
Sunday, September 26, 2004
The 49ers suffered a 34–0 loss to the Seattle Seahawks in week 3. It was the first shutout of a 49ers team since the Atlanta Falcons handed them a 7–0 loss in week 4 of the 1977 NFL Season (they were also shut out in week 1 that season by the Pittsburgh Steelers). This remains the longest such streak in the NFL. While the Seahawks scored several field goals and touchdowns, the 49ers could only manage nine first downs and turned the ball over four times (two interceptions and two lost fumbles). With the loss, the 49ers fell to 0–3.
Scoring summary
1st Quarter
SEA – Josh Brown 35-yard field goal
SEA – Shaun Alexander 1-yard rush (Josh Brown kick)
SEA – Shaun Alexander 3-yard pass from Matt Hasselbeck (Josh Brown kick)
2nd Quarter
SEA – Shaun Alexander 1-yard rush (Josh Brown kick)
3rd Quarter
SEA – Itula Mili 1-yard pass from Matt Hasselbeck (Josh Brown kick)
SEA – Josh Brown 28-yard field goal
Week 4: vs. St. Louis Rams.
At "Monster Park, San Francisco, California"
Sunday, October 3, 2004
Again the 49ers struggled, not putting any points on the board until the fourth quarter. Despite Tim Rattay throwing for 299 yards and the team gaining more first downs than the Rams, St. Louis' defense held fast, preventing the 49ers from scoring until the fourth quarter. The loss meant the 49ers started the season at 0–4.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
STL- Joey Goodspeed 2-yard rush (Jeff Wilkins kick)
STL- Shaun McDonald 6-yard pass from Marc Bulger (Jeff Wilkins kick)
2nd Quarter
STL- Jeff Wilkins 20-yard field goal
STL- Steven Jackson 2-yard rush (Jeff Wilkins kick)
4th Quarter
SF- Curtis Conway 9-yard pass from Tim Rattay (pass failed)
SF- Rashaun Woods 18-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Curtis Conway pass from Tim Rattay)
Week 5: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
At "Monster Park, San Francisco, California"
Sunday, October 10, 2004
The 49ers finally won their first game of the season in Week 5 against the Arizona Cardinals. After a scoreless first quarter, the Cardinals took a 16-point lead 28–12. In the fourth quarter, the 49ers scored 16 unanswered points (two touchdowns with two accompanying two-point conversions) to tie the game as regulation ended. In the overtime period, the 49ers' kicker Todd Peterson sent a 32-yard kick through the uprights, giving the 49ers their first victory of the season. Now in the win column, the 49ers were 1–4.
Scoring Summary
2nd Quarter
AZ- Freddie Jones 16-yard pass from Josh McCown (Neil Rackers kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 37-yard field goal
AZ- Troy Hambrick 2-yard pass from Josh McCown (Neil Rackers kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 42-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
SF- Arnaz Battle 71-yard punt return (pass failed)
4th Quarter
AZ- Emmitt Smith 10-yard rush (Neil Rackers kick)
AZ- Larry Fitzgerald 24-yard pass from Josh McCown (Neil Rackers kick)
SF- Eric Johnson 6-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Tim Rattay run)
SF- Brandon Lloyd 23-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Brandon Lloyd pass from Tim Rattay)
Overtime
SF- Todd Peterson 32-yard field goal
Week 6: at New York Jets.
At "Giants Stadium, East Rutherford, New Jersey"
Sunday, October 17, 2004
It seemed the 49ers would have their second straight victory when they secured a 14-point lead before halftime. However, the 49ers' defense fell apart after the half and the Jets scored 22 unanswered points and forced two turnovers to secure the win. With the 49ers' loss, they fell to 1–5 heading into their bye week.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Brandon Lloyd 33-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Todd Peterson kick)
2nd Quarter
SF- Kevan Barlow 2-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
NYJ- Doug Brien 43-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
NYJ- LaMont Jordan 17-yard rush 
4th Quarter
NYJ- Curtis Martin 1-yard rush (pass failed)
NYJ- Curtis Martin 9-yard rush (Doug Brien kick)
Week 8: at Chicago Bears.
At "Soldier Field, Chicago, Illinois"
Sunday, October 31, 2004
Coming out of their bye, the 49ers took an early lead, this time 10–7, however, they were shut out in the second half. Despite three turnovers, the Bears came away with the victory. Between the two teams, five field goals were scored, including two from longer than 50 yards. The loss dropped the 49ers to 1–6 on the season.
Scoring summary
1st Quarter
CHI- Bernard Berrian 49-yard pass from Craig Krenzel (Paul Edinger kick)
SF- Dwaine Carpenter 80-yard fumble return (Todd Peterson kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 48-yard field goal
2nd Quarter
CHI- Paul Edinger 52-yard field goal
SF- Todd Peterson 51-yard field goal
CHI- Paul Edinger 45-yard field goal
4th Quarter
CHI- Paul Edinger 27-yard field goal
CHI- Nathan Vasher 71-yard interception return (Paul Edinger kick)
Week 9: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
At "Monster Park, San Francisco, California"
Sunday, November 7, 2004
In another high-score affair, the Seahawks clinched a season sweep over the 49ers using their high-powered offense. The game was back-and-forth until the Seahawks a lead at 28–24 that they would not relinquish, beating the 49ers in nearly every statistically category. Their third straight loss dropped the 49ers to 1–7.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Kevan Barlow 3-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
SEA- Darrell Jackson 33-yard pass from Matt Hasselbeck (Josh Brown kick)
SF- Curtis Conway 28-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Todd Peterson kick)
2nd Quarter
SEA- Shaun Alexander 1-yard rush (Josh Brown kick)
SEA- Shaun Alexander 4-yard rush (Josh Brown kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 27-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
SF- Brandon Lloyd 39-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Todd Peterson kick)
SEA- Koren Robinson 25-yard pass from Matt Hasselbeck (Josh Brown kick)
SEA- Darrell Jackson 39-yard pass from Matt Hasselbeck (Josh Brown kick)
4th Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 30-yard field goal
SEA- Anthony Simmons 23-yard interception return (Josh Brown kick)
Week 10: vs. Carolina Panthers.
At "Monster Park, San Francisco, California"
Sunday, November 14, 2004
It appeared the 49ers would snap their three-game losing streak when they took at 17–0 lead, however, the Panthers were able to slowly creep back into the game. Several field goals and touchdowns later, the game was tied at 27 and the Panthers scored a final field goal to come away with the win, 30–27. The loss dropped the 49ers to 1–8 and completed their second four-game losing streak of the season.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Kevan Barlow 1-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 28-yard field goal
2nd Quarter
SF- Kevan Barlow 3-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
CAR- John Kasay 37-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
CAR- John Kasay 25-yard field goal
CAR- Brandon Bennett 1-yard rush (Todd Sauerbrun kick)
CAR- Muhsin Muhammad 40-yard pass from Jake Delhomme (Todd Sauerbrun kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 46-yard field goal
4th Quarter
SF- Brandon Lloyd 30-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Todd Peterson kick)
CAR- Muhsin Muhammad 4-yard pass from Jake Delhomme (Todd Sauerbrun kick)
CAR- Todd Sauerbrun 34-yard field goal
CAR- Muhsin Muhammad 26-yard pass from Jake Delhomme (Todd Sauerbrun kick)
Week 11: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
At "Raymond James Stadium, Tampa, Florida"
Sunday, November 21, 2004
The 49ers didn't have a chance in this lopsided game, falling to the Buccaneers 35–3. With an output of only 197 total yards, the 49ers' lone field goal came off the foot of kicker Todd Peterson from 47 yards out. Their fifth consecutive loss brought the 49ers down to 1–9.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
TB- Michael Pittman 14-yard rush (Martin Gramatica kick)
2nd Quarter
TB- Joe Jurevicius 9-yard pass from Brian Griese (Martin Gramatica kick)
TB- Joe Jurevicius 42-yard pass from Brian Griese (Martin Gramatica kick)
3rd Quarter
TB- Michael Pittman 6-yard rush (Martin Gramatica kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 47-yard field goal
4th Quarter
TB- Torrie Cox 55-yard interception return (Martin Gramatica kick)
Week 12: vs. Miami Dolphins.
At "Monster Park, San Francisco, California"
Sunday, November 28, 2004
Looking to snap their five-game losing streak, the 49ers were, statistically, the better team, but three turnovers doomed their chances. The 49ers led at one point, 10–7, but the Dolphins regained the lead in the fourth quarter and the 49ers came away with another loss, 24–17. This loss was their six straight and tenth of the season.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
MIA- Chris Chambers 25-yard pass from A.J. Feeley (Olindo Mare kick)
2nd Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 19-yard field goal
4th Quarter
SF- Derek Smith 46-yard fumble return (Todd Peterson kick)
MIA- Randy McMichael 15-yard pass from A.J. Feeley (Olindo Mare kick)
MIA- Olindo Mare 50-yard field goal
MIA- Derrick Pope 1-yard fumble return (Olindo Mare kick)
SF- Maurice Hicks 1-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
Week 13: at St. Louis Rams.
At Edward Jones Dome, St. Louis, Missouri
Sunday, December 5, 2004
In a low-scoring contest, the 49ers lost to the division rival Rams by a score of 16–6. The 49ers were limited to only nine first downs in the game and could only manage two field goals, one of which was from 51 yards. This game marked the 49ers' seventh consecutive loss as they fell to 1–11 and they were swept by the Rams for the first time since 2001.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
STL- Jeff Wilkins 29-yard field goal
SF- Todd Peterson 51-yard field goal
2nd Quarter
STL- Torry Holt 22-yard pass from Chris Chandler (Jeff Wilkins kick)
STL- Jeff Wilkins 52-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 40-yard field goal
4th Quarter
STL- Jeff Wilkins 52-yard field goal
Week 14: at Arizona Cardinals.
At "Sun Devil Stadium, Tempe, Arizona"
Sunday, December 12, 2004
In an overtime game, the 49ers managed to snap their seven-game losing streak by outdueling the Arizona Cardinals, 31–28. The 49ers seemingly had this game already wrapped up when they took a twenty-one point lead, but the Cardinals fought back and scored 18 points in the fourth quarter to force overtime. A 31-yard field goal by Todd Peterson sealed the victory for the 49ers. Breaking their seven-game streak, the 49ers improved to 2–11. Interestingly, the 49ers were now 2–0 against the Cardinals and 0–11 against the rest of the league.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Brandon Lloyd 5-yard pass from Ken Dorsey (Todd Peterson kick)
2nd Quarter
SF- Cedrick Wilson 19-yard pass from Ken Dorsey (Todd Peterson kick)
SF- Maurice Hicks 1-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
AZ- Neil Rackers 44-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
SF- Cedrick Wilson 27-yard pass from Ken Dorsey (Todd Peterson kick)
AZ- Obafemi Ayanbadejo 4-yard rush (Neil Rackers kick)
AZ- Obafemi Ayanbadejo 1-yard rush (Neil Rackers kick)
AZ- Emmitt Smith 8-yard rush (Josh McCown run)
AZ- Neil Rackers 22-yard field goal
Overtime
SF- Todd Peterson 31-yard field goal
Week 15: vs. Washington Redskins.
At "Monster Park, San Francisco, California"
Saturday, December 18, 2004
The 49ers failed in their attempt to string together two victories, losing this contest 26–16 to the Redskins. The 49ers never led, but they did score a rare safety in the second quarter. Statistically, it was a close game, both teams posting similar yardage and first downs, however, four interceptions by 49ers quarterback Ken Dorsey sealed the loss and dropped the team to 2–12.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
WAS- Robert Royal 12-yard pass from Patrick Ramsey (Jeff Chandler kick)
SF- Brandon Lloyd 17-yard pass from Ken Dorsey (Todd Peterson kick)
2nd Quarter
WAS- Jeff Chandler 49-yard field goal
WAS- Jeff Chandler 25-yard field goal
WAS- Jeff Chandler 20-yard field goal
SF- Safety
WAS- Antonio Pierce 78-yard interception return (Jeff Chandler kick)
3rd Quarter
WAS- Jeff Chandler 26-yard field goal
4th Quarter
SF- Curtis Conway 11-yard pass from Ken Dorsey (Todd Peterson kick)
Week 16: vs. Buffalo Bills.
At "Monster Park, San Francisco, California"
Sunday, December 26, 2004
In a blowout, the Bills dominated the 49ers 41–7. While the Bills managed to score in the double-digits in three of the four quarters, the 49ers only managed a single touchdown in the final minutes of the game. This was the second consecutive game in which the 49ers had four turnovers (this time three interceptions and one fumble) and the Bills were able to roll up over twice as many total yards as the 49ers. With the loss, the 49ers fell to 2–13 going into the final game of the season.
Scoring Summary
2nd Quarter
BUF- Willis McGahee 3-yard rush (Rian Lindell kick)
BUF- Rian Lindell 23-yard field goal
BUF- Lee Evans 8-yard pass from Drew Bledsoe (Rian Lindell kick)
3rd Quarter
BUF- Rian Lindell 31-yard field goal
BUF- Willis McGahee 1-yard rush (Rian Lindell kick)
4th Quarter
BUF- Lee Evans 33-yard pass from Shane Matthews (Rian Lindell kick)
BUF- Shaud Williams 27-yard rush (Rian Lindell kick)
SF- Kevan Barlow 1-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
Week 17: at New England Patriots.
At "Gillette Stadium, Foxborough, Massachusetts"
Sunday, January 2, 2005
Hoping to end their miserable season with a win, the 49ers flew to Gillette Stadium to play a Patriots team that was looking for the second seed in the AFC playoffs. In a game in which one touchdown was scored each quarter, the 49ers lost to the New England Patriots 21–7. The 49ers struck first, but the Patriots defense held them to that single touchdown. Both teams were riddled with mistakes, both turnovers and penalties; however, the Patriots were able to capitalize on the 49ers' errors.
The 49ers closed their season at 2–14 on a three-game losing streak, giving the team the first overall pick in the draft.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Steve Bush 4-yard pass from Ken Dorsey (Todd Peterson kick)
2nd Quarter
NE- Mike Vrabel 1-yard pass from Tom Brady (Adam Vinatieri kick)
3rd Quarter
NE- Deion Branch 8-yard pass from Tom Brady (Adam Vinatieri kick)
4th Quarter
NE- Corey Dillon 6-yard rush (Adam Vinatieri kick)

</doc>
<doc id="18495211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495211" title="Franz Schneider">
Franz Schneider

Franz Schneider was a Swiss engineer and aircraft designer. Although he designed several aircraft types, initially for the French aircraft manufacturer Nieuport, and later for the German LVG company, he is chiefly remembered for his work in the field of aircraft armament.
Schneider was granted the first patent (on 15 July 1913) for an interrupter gear allowing a machine gun to fire between an aircraft's spinning propeller blades. Full details of Schneider's patent were published in the aviation periodical "Flugsport" in September 1914 but the Prussian War Ministry chose not to pursue the idea. The concept of interrupter gear in combat aircraft was realised later in World War I by Germany after Anthony Fokker developed the idea.
He also developed the rotating gun turret which was installed on German "C" type World War I aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="18495224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495224" title="List of current SHL team rosters">
List of current SHL team rosters

The following is a list of the current Swedish Hockey League (SHL) team rosters.
__NOEDITSECTION__

</doc>
<doc id="18495234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495234" title="Brandon Knight (baseball)">
Brandon Knight (baseball)

Professional.
Brandon Michael Knight (born October 1, 1975 in Oxnard, California) is an American professional baseball player. A right-handed pitcher, Knight plays for the Nexen Heroes in the Korea Baseball Organization.
Knight, who was selected by the Texas Rangers in the amateur draft, appeared in 11 major league games for the New York Yankees in and .
From -, Knight played for Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) in Japan. He spent two years in Fukuoka, Japan playing for the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks and one year in Sapporo, Japan playing for the Nippon Ham Fighters.
Upon returning to the United States, Knight signed and played in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization for the season.
In , Knight signed with the Somerset Patriots of the Atlantic League. Brett Jodie, the former Yankee pitcher, now the Patriots pitching coach noticed that Knight's release point was too high. After Knight modified his release point, his command and velocity improved. The Mets decided to purchase his contract and signed him to their Triple-A team (New Orleans Zephyrs) in New Orleans, Louisiana.
While pitching for the New Orleans Zephyrs, Knight was selected to play for the U.S. Olympic team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. Knight pitched in two baseball games at the Olympics, earning one win. He earned a bronze medal as part of the U.S. team.
Knight made his first career major league start in Shea Stadium for the New York Mets on July 26, , against the St. Louis Cardinals. He allowed four runs in the first inning, but settled down, and held the Cardinals scoreless through the next four innings. Though he left the game with the Mets leading 5-4, the bullpen was unable to hold the lead and Knight was denied his first major league win. He was designated for assignment the following day, so that he could remain on the Olympic Roster. He was recalled to the Mets when rosters expanded in September. On July 24, 2009, the New York Mets released Knight so that he could sign with the Samsung Lions in South Korea. On August 4, 2010, he was released from Samsung Lions due to an injury. 
Since 2011, Brandon has been playing with the Nexen Heroes Baseball Club of Seoul, South Korea. He is set to continue playing for them for the 2014 season. His current record in Korea is 47 wins and 36 losses with an ERA of 3.77.
Personal.
Brandon Michael Knight was born in Oxnard, California. He was raised in Ventura, California and continues to reside there with his wife Brooke and four children.

</doc>
<doc id="18495235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495235" title="Virginville, Pennsylvania">
Virginville, Pennsylvania

Virginville is a census-designated place in Richmond Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It is located at the junction of PA 143 and Crystal Ridge Road, and is approximately 7 miles to the south of the borough of Lenhartsville. As of the 2010 census, the population was 309 residents.
Maiden Creek runs through the town and it also meets up with Sacony Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="18495250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495250" title="James Mackin">
James Mackin

James Mackin (December 25, 1822, Newburgh, Orange County, New York – March 1887) was an American merchant, banker and politician.
Life.
He lived at Fishkill Landing where he was a merchant and real estate agent. He was appointed Postmaster of Fishkill during the presidency of Zachary Taylor and kept the post for about four years. In July 1858, he married Sarah E. Wiltse (d. 1862).
He had been a Whig, and joined the Republican Party upon its foundation in 1855. He was a supervisor of the Town of Fishkill in 1858 and 1859 and was Chairman of the Board of Supervisors in 1859. He was a Republican member of the New York State Assembly (Dutchess Co., 1st D.) in 1859. 
In 1872, he was President of the Village of Fishkill Landing. He was again a member of the State Assembly in 1873, 1874 and 1875. He was a delegate to the 1876 Democratic National Convention at St. Louis, Missouri. He was New York State Treasurer from 1878 to 1879, elected at the New York state election, 1877, but defeated for re-election at the New York state election, 1879. On October 10, 1878, bank-robbers attempted to rob the First National Bank of Fishkill Landing of which Mackin was President. On November 13, 1878, at St. Louis, he married Sallie Britton, the daughter of James H. Britton, Mayor of St. Louis 1875-1876. 
He was a member of the New York State Senate (13th D.) in 1882 and 1883.
He was buried in the churchyard of the Reformed Dutch Church at Fishkill Landing (now Beacon, New York) in the same vault with his first wife.
In 1895, his widow published her memoirs, "International Reminiscences".

</doc>
<doc id="18495253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495253" title="List of people from Slough">
List of people from Slough

This is a list of notable people who are current or former residents or associates of the town of Slough in the English county of Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18495260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495260" title="Indian Village, Chicago">
Indian Village, Chicago

Indian Village Is the nickname given to the southeast portion of the Kenwood community area of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is roughly bounded by Lake Shore Drive to the east Burnham Park to the north, 51st street (East Hyde Park Boulevard) to the south, Harold Washington Park to the southeast, and the Illinois Central Railroad tracks used by the Metra's South Shore and Metra Electric Lines to the West. Many of the buildings in the neighborhood are named after Native American Indian tribes including the National Register of Historic Places-designated (NRHP) Narragansett and the Chicago Landmark Powhatan Apartments. Other buildings include several Algonquin Apartment buildings and the Chippewa.
Details.
The NRHP site of the former Chicago Beach Hotel that now hosts the Regents Park is also in the neighborhood. The new location of the Hyde Park Art Center at 5020 S. Cornell Avenue is in this neighborhood. Carol Moseley Braun, former United States Senator and former 2004 Democratic Party Presidential Candidate, once lived in the 5000 East End Building, which was the tallest building on the South Side of Chicago until 1965. The neighborhood hosts The Powhatan Apartments, the only 24-hour elevator operator building in Chicago. Regents Park's South Tower is the tallest building in the Kenwood community area. Ludwig Mies van der Rohe designed the Algonquin Apartments, which are a set of six identical 14-story towers in the neighborhood. The Twin Towers Apartments were originally built to house U.S. Army personnel at the Fifth Army Headquarters, immediately south of the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18495280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495280" title="Ala Moana Hotel">
Ala Moana Hotel

The Ala Moana Hotel is a hotel located at 410 Atkinson Drive in Honolulu, Hawaii, on the island of Oahu.
Description.
The Hotel adjoins the Ala Moana Shopping Center and is across the street from the Hawaii Convention Center as well as the Ala Moana Beach Park. 
Since 2010 it has been managed by Outrigger Hotels & Resorts.
The Ala Moana Hotel has 1,169 rooms. The 38-story building has a height of . It opened in 1970, to a design by the Seattle architectural firm John Graham & Company. The hotel has several restaurants. It is not to be confused with the Moana Hotel which was built about 70 years earlier.
Architecture.
Ala Moana Hotel was recognized by the Building Industry Association of Hawaii as a 2006 Parade of Homes standout.

</doc>
<doc id="18495286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495286" title="Hugh of Vermandois">
Hugh of Vermandois

Hugh of Vermandois may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18495289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495289" title="Liberty Building (Des Moines, Iowa)">
Liberty Building (Des Moines, Iowa)

The Liberty Building is a 12 story high-rise located in Des Moines, Iowa. It has been a downtown landmark since 1923. The Liberty Building is located at the SW corner of 6th Avenue and Grand Avenue in the heart of downtown Des Moines. The building was originally home to Bankers Life Insurance & WHO (AM) Radio. 
The building consists of retail, office and residential spaces. In 2006, Nelson Construction and K.C. Holdings completely rehabilitated the building. There is office space available on floors 4,5, and 6, and store front space on the 1st floor. The building currently houses a gym and fitness center on the 1st and 2nd floor and a bank on the second and third floors.
The building is connected to the Des Moines Skywalk system.
Currently, the Liberty building is housing Hyatt Place Hotel as well as condos on several floors. First Hospitality Group and Baker Group own the building. (2013)

</doc>
<doc id="18495296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495296" title="List of songs in Guitar Hero World Tour">
List of songs in Guitar Hero World Tour

"Guitar Hero World Tour" is the fourth major release in the "Guitar Hero" series of music video games, a series that has sold over 23 million units and earned more than $1.6 billion in retail sales. The game was released in October 2008 for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 game consoles in North America, and a month later for PAL regions. It was released in Europe and on a limited basis in North America for the Microsoft Windows and Apple Macintosh platforms. The game was developed by Neversoft, with assistance from Vicarious Visions and Budcat Creations for the Wii and PlayStation 2 versions, respectively, and distributed by RedOctane and Activision. "Guitar Hero World Tour", like the other games in the "Guitar Hero" series, focuses on the use of special game controllers to mimic musical tracks from popular rock songs that date from the 1960s to contemporary hits. While previous versions of the series have only used a guitar-based controller for lead and bass guitar tracks, "World Tour" adds in drums and vocals, allowing up to four players to create a virtual band. For each instrument, the player scores points by matching controller actions with note gems on the game screen to avoid a bad performance that may end the song prematurely. In addition to the on-disk songs, the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii versions support the ability to obtain new songs through downloadable content. A new music creation system also allows users on the same systems to gain new user-created songs through the game's "GHTunes" service.
Main setlist.
The game disc contains 86 songs, all of which are master recordings—a first for the "Guitar Hero" series. In the single player and multiplayer band (Career Mode) modes, songs are distributed into various "gigs" that contain between 3 to 6 songs each; gigs may also contain a boss battle (for the single player guitar career) and encores that are revealed once all the other songs in the gig are completed. These gigs are arranged approximately based on the difficulty of the songs in that gig for the selected instrument or band, with more difficult songs appearing in later gigs. The player or band must complete easier gigs before the more difficult gigs are available. Once a player or band has access to a song via any instrument or band Career mode, that song can be played in Quickplay mode or any of the other competitive modes in the game. The set list has been described as containing well-known songs by "an impressive collection of artists" such as Van Halen, Jimi Hendrix, Joe Satriani, and Tool.
Songs are presented in the table below with the year they were recorded (based on the in-game description), song title, and artist, and the placement of the song in the band career mode. 38 out of the 86 songs are exportable to both "Guitar Hero 5" and "Band Hero" for a small fee, with music licensing limiting which songs can be exported. More songs may be made exportable at a later time.
Downloadable content.
In addition to custom songs, players of the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Wii versions can download new licensed songs for the game. This is the first game in the "Guitar Hero" series to support download functionality on the Wii. Wii users can store downloaded songs on either the Wii's internal memory or on an SD Card in a "Rock Archive". When playing tracks stored on an SD Card, each song is automatically copied to a 200-memory block "content cache" on the Wii's flash memory for play and then deleted after the song is finished. Some downloadable content was not available for the Wii due to technical or licensing issues until November 24, 2009. Except for the Jimi Hendrix songs, the downloadable content is forward-compatible with "Guitar Hero 5", "Band Hero" and "", automatically updated to include new features found in those games.
Downloadable songs are available for individual purchase on PlayStation 3, Wii and Xbox 360, with a limited number of songs available free of charge. Also, users can purchase track packs of three songs. The Jimi Hendrix Track Pack was originally only available for download as a track pack and not as individual songs, but Activision announced that in March the Wii would receive the Hendrix pack as downloadable singles. These songs have since been released with the second Jimi Hendrix Track Pack.
This song is available at no cost.
Also part of the "Dig Out Your Soul" full album pack.
Is a cover by WaveGroup.
Song is available for Wii in "Guitar Hero 5" but not "Guitar Hero World Tour".
These songs were rerecorded by the original artist for use in the game.
Song is available with a single and double bass drums chart when exported.

</doc>
<doc id="18495300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495300" title="Bagher Najafi">
Bagher Najafi

Seyyed Mohammad Bagher Najafi Shoushtari (January 1948 – July 2002) was a prominent Iranian scholar of Iranian Studies, in particular Iranian art and culture, and Islamic Studies. He is the author of many scholarly books and articles.
Bibliography.
Bagher Najafi is the author of over forty books and hundreds of articles on Iranian and Islamic studies, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18495305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495305" title="Juliusz Bogdan Deczkowski">
Juliusz Bogdan Deczkowski

Juliusz Bogdan Deczkowski "Laudański" (20 April 1924, Bydgoszcz – 22 June 1998, Ciechocinek) was a noted Polish soldier during World War II, and later an engineer and inventor, as well as writer.
Life.
Deczkowski left school in 1939, the year of the September Campaign, and joined the Home Army. During the invasion, he became a runner with the Polish Scouting Association, which was then operating as the underground Szare Szeregi. In 1944, he took part in the Warsaw Uprising as a member of the Batalion Zośka. 
In 1949, during the darkest years of Stalinism in Poland he was arrested by the Polish security service and sentenced by a military court to 5 years in prison. After his release, he graduated from the Warsaw University of Technology in November 1953, and became an inventor of medical equipment.
He published in Poland two books of wartime memoirs "Wspomnienia żołnierza baonu AK "Zośka" and "Wróbel" z "Kamieni na szaniec".

</doc>
<doc id="18495324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495324" title="UTEX Industries">
UTEX Industries

UTEX Industries is a provider of sealing products and services, catering primarily to the oil extraction, natural gas, and water distribution markets, along with other industrial businesses. It is the largest rubber molder in the Southern United States.
History.
The company was founded on July 2, 1940 as Universal Packing & Gasket, a fabricator of gaskets and packings. Today, UTEX is a global concern headquartered in Houston, Texas with distributors in over 50 countries. It has several manufacturing facilities, which are located in the Texas cities of Houston, Odessa, Conroe, and Weimar.
Business.
Together with its subsidiaries, Applied Rubber Technology and AccuSeal, both acquired in the 1990s, UTEX makes a range of sealing products, including gaskets, gasket sheets, proprietary high-tech O-rings, molded packings and seals for reciprocating pumps, hydraulics, mechanical seals, braided packings, and custom rubber-molded products. They also offer repairs for mechanical seals through a program called X-TendaSeal Services.
UTEX uses compression molding, transfer molding and injection molding to manufacture rubber and thermoplastic seals and components of up to in diameter. This includes rubber-coated fabric, rubber to metal, and rubber to plastic.
Ownership.
UTEX was originally acquired for $41.9 million in August 2005 by Grey Mountain Partners, a private equity firm. They then sold UTEX to Audax Group, a middle-market investment capital firm, in 2007 for $92 million. In December 2010, Utex was acquired by global private equity firm Rhone Group for an undisclosed amount. On March 6, 2013, Utex was acquired by private equity firm Riverstone Holdings LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="18495335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495335" title="The Wonder Years (Wonder Girls album)">
The Wonder Years (Wonder Girls album)

The Wonder Years is the debut album of South Korean girl group Wonder Girls. It was executively produced by Park Jin-young.
Singles.
"Tell Me" was the lead single to be released from the album and became the group's first number one hit. Due to the last-minute addition of rapper Kim Yubin to the group, her rap is not on the album version."Tell Me (Rap version)" was included in the second mini album, So Hot.
The second single from the album was "Stupid (이 바보)", which debuted on MBC's show "Music Core" on December 10, 2007. This song was used to promote the South Korean film "Hellcats" which features Wonder Girls member Ahn Sohee.
Charts.
The chart positions are based on data from Music Industry Association Korea. Unlike Oricon Chart and the "Billboard" Chart, the charts are released monthly, not weekly.

</doc>
<doc id="18495336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495336" title="TV3 (Czech Republic)">
TV3 (Czech Republic)

TV3 was an analogue terrestrial, cable and digital satellite television channel broadcasting in the Czech Republic. The station used to broadcast in some regions via analogue terrestrial television to 30% of the population in the Czech Republic, cable television and also via the Czechlink platform on the Eutelsat 28A satellite. TV3 was also planning to become part of the plans for digital terrestrial to increase its reach to 75% of the Czech Republic. The station closed in December 2001 after its broadcast license was revoked.
Launch.
TV3 launched on May 25, 2000 using the regional frequencies of defunct television station Galaxie. The station launched at 1900 CET with a 60 minute regional news programme followed by the film Seductive Beauty. Programming on TV3 included regional breaking news programming with reporters on motorbikes alongside other general entertainment programming and the purchase of the rights to show WWE Friday Night SmackDown in 2001. The station used the tag "television for the new millennium" for its promotion, with its target audience skewed towards a young male audience. The opening night of TV3 was hit by technical glitches during the launch night news programming.
Soon after broadcasting, TV3 was ordered to take down all billboard advertising which related to a black boxer on a boxing ring floor being targerted by two white soldiers holding guns and looking at the boxer, alongside the word "Infozabava" ("Infotainment"). The advertisement was considered racist by the Advertising Board but TV3 defended itself stating the advertisement was not racist.
Terrestrial broadcast reach.
TV3 was initially only available in Prague and Hradec Králové from launch day on analogue terrestrial television. TV3 applied for licenses since the launch of the station to broadcast to more parts of the Czech Republic including initially to Karlovy Vary, Ostrava and České Budějovice. However the Czech Radio and Television Broadcasting Council in 2001 blocked their requests to expand the TV3 service across the Czech Republic via analogue terrestrial television.
Commercial station merger discussions.
In June 2001, Vladimír Železný, a Czech television tycoon and former owner of TV Nova, held discussions with the three main commercial channels in the Czech Republic, TV Nova, TV Prima and TV3 about the suggestion of a merger. However, such a deal would have been considered illegal by the Czech Government.
Broadcasting.
Besides ads and TV new, there were also airing mostly nonstop of children shows like Bolek i Lolek, The Little Flying Bears, Dennis the Menace, Inspector Gadget, Lucky Luke, Adventures of the Little Mermaid, Pingu and Teletubbies
Transfer of licence.
In September 2001, the Czech Radio and Television Broadcasting Council refused a request from European Media Ventures and Martin Kindernay to transfer TV3's licence to a Luxembourg based company, KTV, which EMV wanted to own TV3's licence. The council did allow the move of the licence to RTV Galaxie, completely owned by Kindernay. The decision angered EMV investors who were not consulted on the move of the licence and had lost control of TV3.
In October, TV3 announced that 60% of its staff would be made redundant by January 1 as the channel was only attracting 1% of the Czech audience and losing money as a result. Staff to be made redundant received their notices on December 1. A request to expand the TV3 service across the whole of the Czech Republic by using 47 UHF frequencies were all refused by the council.
In November, EMV moved equipment from the Hradec Králové studios to TV3's Prague studios after Kidernay told EMV to suspend broadcasting or face immediate action, alongside a request for a thirty day break in broadcasting. EMV announced that it still had a right to broadcast and that they would still be broadcasting via cable and satellite, though terrestrial broadcasts went off the air on November 7, 2001. Kindernay lodged a complaint with the council stating that EMV were operating TV3 illegally.
TV3 went off the air for four days on all platforms on December 2, 2001 under guidance from the Czech Radio and Television Broadcasting Council whilst they decided whether TV3's broadcasts were legal. Text was displayed on screen during the time off air stating that the closedown was due to a decision made on November 20, 2001 by the council and that the station would definitely close by December 6. The council allowed Kindernay to resume broadcasting as the legal licence holder for TV3 under the control of RTV Galaxie using only material from TV3 on December 6. The station did resume broadcasting as TV3 Hradec Králové and TV3 Prague.
Closedown.
On December 18, 2001, TV3's licence was revoked. The decision to revoke the licence was made because TV3 had been showing non-TV3 programming.
In January 2002, TV3 was given a temporary licence by the council for 60 days. At the same time approval was given for defunct TV3 to be renamed to Galaxie Praha and Galaxie Hradec Králové. The two Galaxie stations remained broadcasting and was sold a year later to GES Holding, the owner of TV Prima who changed the name of the two stations to TV Praha and TV Hradec Králové.
TV3 remained broadcasting on the Eutelsat 28A satellite until August 2002, when the station was replaced with a channel using the identification of Stanice O (Óčko).
In 2005, the stations investor, EMV issued an arbitration to seek €33.4 million in damages from the Czech Radio and Television Broadcasting Council, because of the changes made back in 2001 to TV3's licence. The arbitration case, being held in London eventually ruled in July 2009 in favour of the Czech Republic in a ruling that cost EMV €77 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18495340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495340" title="Kutai">
Kutai

Kutai, or Dayak Kutai, is a historic region in East Kalimantan in Indonesia on Borneo and also name of Dayak people on the region with a language of the same name and their historic states. Today the name is preserved in the names of three regencies in East Kalimantan, the Kutai Kartanegara Regency, the West Kutai Regency and the East Kutai Regency. The major river of the region was and is the Mahakam River.
History.
The history is usually divided into two periods, that of the early Kutai Martadipura phase some time around 350–400 and the later Kutai Kartanegara phase beginning around 1300. The first period produced the earliest known inscriptions on Indonesia.
Kutai Martadipura.
Kutai Martadipura is a 4th-century Indianized kingdom located in the Kutai area, East Kalimantan. It is one of the earliest ancient kingdom in Indonesian history. Seven stone pillars, or yūpa (“sacrificial posts”), have been found in Kutai, Kaman Estuary, near the Mahakam River. The plinths bear an inscription in the Pallava script of India reading "A gift to the Brahmin priests". The style of the script has been dated to the last half the 4th century. It is believed these religions were brought to Indonesia around the 2nd and 4th centuries, respectively, when Indian traders arrived on the islands of Sumatra, Java and Sulawesi.
The names of three rulers are known from the inscriptions. The first ruler mentioned is Kuḍungga, the “lord of men” (narendra), his son Aśwawarman, styled the “founder of the dynasty” (vaṇśa-kartṛ) and grandson of the first and son of the later, Mūlawarman called the “lord of kings” (rājendra). As Kuṇḍungga does not seem to be a name of Sanskrit hinduistic style while the other two are, it is presumed he was a leader of local origin ( Dayak People ) and it was his son Aśwawarman that adopted the hinduistic belief. It was Mūlawarman who let these inscriptions be made. While nothing of the military actions of his two predecessors is known, ""Raja"" Mūlawarman is stated to have conquered his neighbours in battle. He is also said to have increased the land of Kutai by a local ritual called "asvaredjwa". This ritual required a horse released to his land. The footsteps of the freely roaming horse were taken as evidence that this land belonged to Kutai. Mulawarman was also known for his tribute of gold to his God. The name of his kingdom is not mentioned on the inscriptions nor do any other documents in other countries relate to a kingdom at this time in this region. It is not known what became of the kingdom after these pillars had been erected. It may be possible that the name Kutai, as in Tuñjung Kute of the 1365 Javanese Majapahit poem Nāgarakṛtāgama is as ancient and reflects the original name used a thousand years earlier.
Kutai Kartanegara.
Around the end of the 13th century the kingdom of Kutai Kartanegara was established in the region of Tepian Batu or Kutai Lama. The first known ruler is Aji Batara Agung Dewa Sakti, who is thought to have ruled from 1300 to 1325. Aji Pangeran Sinum Panji Mendapa, who ruled 1635–1650, was able to conquer the kingdom of Kutai Martadipura and merged the two realms thus Kutai Kartanegara Ing Martadipura.
In 1667 the Dutch V.O.C. attacked Makassar on the island of Sulawesi leading to the downfall of the Bugis Kingdom of Gowa. Some of the Bugis under the leadership of Lamohang Daeng Mangkona or Pua Ado I immigrated to Kutai on neighbouring Borneo (Kalimantan) and the ruler of Kutai allowed them to settle in Kampung Melantai around the Karang Mumus River, now known as Kampung Selili. This settlement eventually developed into the modern town of Samarinda.
Islam took hold in the region since the 17th century (most of the Bugis were Muslims) and Aji Muhammad Idris, ruling 1732–1739?, was the first ruler to have an Islamic name.
After a civil war Aji Imbut, after finally becoming the ruler as Aji Muhammad Muslihuddin in 1780, moved the capital in 1782 from Pemarangan to Tepian Pandan. The name of the capital city eventually developed from Tangga Arung to its present form of Tenggarong.
In 1844 the Dutch defeated the Sultan Aji Muhammad Salehudin, forcing him into exile, and took direct control of Kutai.
The Japanese invaded the region in 1942 and acknowledged a "Kooti Kingdom", that was a subject of the Tenno. In 1945 Kutai joined, along with its neighbours, into the East Kalimantan federation.
In 1949 Kutai finally became part of the United Republic of Indonesia.
The Kutai Language.
The traditional language of the region is referred to as Tanggarong Kutai Malay and is considered a local Malay language, such as Banjarese and Bukit Malay to the south, Kota Bangun Kutai Malay to the west, Berau Malay to the north and others more distant. As such Tanggarong Kutai belongs to the large Austronesian family of languages. 

</doc>
<doc id="18495395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495395" title="Metallyticus splendidus">
Metallyticus splendidus

Metallyticus splendidus is a species of praying mantis found in Southeast Asia. It has a black, shiny appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="18495396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495396" title="Almost Seventeen">
Almost Seventeen

Almost Seventeen is Crystal Kay's third album.

</doc>
<doc id="18495407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495407" title="Psittacotherium">
Psittacotherium

Psittacotherium is an extinct genus of taeniodont from the Paleocene of North America. With a weight of about 50 kg and a length over 1.1 m (3.5 ft), it had the size of a large dog.

</doc>
<doc id="18495409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495409" title="Nagpur–Aurangabad–Mumbai express highway">
Nagpur–Aurangabad–Mumbai express highway

Nagpur–Aurangabad–Mumbai express highway is a Maharashtra State Highway, as its area lies in the state of Maharashtra only, but built on the National Express Highway basis.
Development.
Express Highway, based on the govt approval and the formal announcement by state govt authorities, this highway is a project connecting two major cities Nagpur & Aurangabad in Maharashtra to the capital city of Mumbai via the same link-route and in less than the distance covered by the NH 6. The new road theoretically saves 65 km distance between the two cities and the travel time of nearly one-and-half hours. Though said so, ironically, if developed with 4 lane basis, as declared earlier by the State Public Works Dept., this highway can save more than 8 hrs of time between Nagpur and Mumbai, as compared to NH 6.
Though approved on 23 Dec, 1999, its major development started in late 2002 and it is now completed almost 60%, by the end of 2011. The Aurangabad - Mumbai sector is already started with full flow of traffic, while the Nagpur - Aurangabad sector is still under construction and expected to be completed soon (by the end of 2015
). It is expected to share the major direct road traffic between these cities, including almost 30%-40% of traffic from NH 6.
Importance of the Project.
IMPORTANCE OF THE PROJECT. 
Built and Development.
Though this is a state highway, but it is built on the National Highway basis. For the list of the other Major and National Highways in India, click here and for the list of the other Major and National Highways in Maharashtra State click here.
The Highway is 80% completed throughout and the remaining work is supposed to be done by the end of 2009. Maharashtra govt is trying to operate this highway through a private party for over 30 years to recover the cost of this highway.
Major Cities Bypassed.
This highway bypasses the other major cities in Maharashtra state, on NH 6 and on NH 3, though it passes through their districts areas. It directly connects Wardha to Jalna, via Pulgaon & Karanja Lad.
The Major cities bypassed (not on this highway) ..
Passing through Districts Areas.
This Highway passes through almost 12 districts of Maharashtra which are .. 
Covered Regions and Area.
The total length of this highway is 700 km (430 Miles), from Nagpur to Mumbai, excluding the portions of NH 7 and NH 3 it covers at Nagpur-Butibori and Ghoti-Kalyan-Mumbai sectors respectively. This highway also covers the part portions of the Maharashtra State Highways at certain areas, which are now being rebuilt with National Highway Standards.
This highway roughly covers the regions in Maharashtra as, 
Major route.
Its major route is as follows ...

</doc>
<doc id="18495410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495410" title="Herbert Holdsworth">
Herbert Holdsworth

Sir Herbert Holdsworth (1890 - 8 July 1949) was a British Liberal Party politician and businessman.
Early life and business.
Holdsworth was born in Liversedge in Yorkshire. He was educated at Batley Grammar School. In June 1914 he married Beatrice Lee of Bradford and they had one daughter. In business, Holdsworth was a director of Holdsworth Bros. (Waste Material Dealers), a director the Provincial Building Society and of Jackson’s Ltd. West Riding Realty Company.
Liberal candidate.
Holdsworth first tried to enter Parliament in 1929 unsuccessfully contesting the Rothwell division of Yorkshire. He was however elected to represent Bradford South as a Liberal at the 1931 general election, holding the seat until 1945. At the 1935 general election Holdsworth secured a straight fight against Labour in Bradford South, which one historian of the Liberal Party has suggested was a strong indication that some kind of collusive arrangement with the Conservatives had been entered into.
Liberal National.
Douglas's suspicion is strengthened by Holdsworth’s decision in 1938 to join the Liberal Nationals the political group led by Sir John Simon. In his letter of resignation to the leader of the official Liberals, Sir Archibald Sinclair he gave as his principal reason his wish to continue supporting the foreign policy of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain and his efforts to bring peace by direct negotiation and personal contact with the European dictators. Holdsworth had been one of four official Liberals who had supported Chamberlain over the Munich Conference and had for some time been at variance with official Liberal foreign policy. Soon afterwards the Bradford South Liberal Association, while thanking him for his work as their Member of Parliament (MP), voted not to re-adopt him as their candidate at the next election. However Holdsworth decided not to fight Bradford South when the 1945 general election came, possibly on grounds of ill-health. He became Chief Whip of the Liberal Nationals in 1940 but resigned in 1942 for reasons of ill-health. He served an Assistant Government Whip over the same period. In 1943, he was appointed to act as adviser to the Ministry of Supply on the general waste reclamation industry and in 1944 he was appointed to a Select Committee set up to scrutinise delegated legislation.
Holdsworth also served as a Justice of the Peace in Bradford and was knighted for political and public services in the 1944 New Year’s Honours List.

</doc>
<doc id="18495418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495418" title="Gerald Schueler">
Gerald Schueler

Gerald Schueler, Ph.D. (born in 1942 in Darby, Pennsylvania and died September 19th 2013 in Abingdon, Maryland) was an author, free-lance writer, editor, and artist and a retired systems analyst (as Operations Research Analyst for the Army (civil service) and Senior Systems Analyst for Quantum Research International). 
Education.
Schueler received a BSME degree in 1965 at the University of Maryland, College Park, an MSA in 1992 from Central Michigan University (Mt. Pleasant, MI), and Ph.Ds in Interdisciplinary Studies (1997) and Human Services in (1999) at Capella University (Minn. MN). 
Professional memberships.
Schueler was a former member of the Association for Transpersonal Psychology (ATP), the Institute of Noetic Sciences (IONS), the American Counseling Association (ACA), and the National Registry of Neurofeedback Providers (NRNP). 
Writing.
He was the author, co-author, editor, researcher, contributor to and/or illustrator of 26 non-fiction books for general audiences and dozens of technical books for specific audiences, such as Job Corps and the U.S. Army. The Schuelers have also co-authored many articles on anthropology, computers, dogs, philosophy, science, magic (mostly Enochian magic), and other subjects. 
Personal life.
Schueler currently resides with his wife and writing partner Betty Schueler in Maryland. They have two birth children: Joe and Andrew; two adopted children: Diane and Crystal; and many foster children who remain close to the family including Debra Greer and Frank Smith III.
Illness.
Schueler acquired Lyme's disease in 1985 while working at Aberdeen Proving Ground. Later that year he developed rheumatoid arthritis (RA). The Lyme's later moved to his heart causing dilated cardiomyopathy and heart failure. While he was recovering from heart failure and RA, although bed ridden, he continued to correspond with his family, friends, and fans. He has a FaceBook page and visited it often.

</doc>
<doc id="18495422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495422" title="Peta Janossi">
Peta Janossi

Peta Janossi is a fictional character in the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", portrayed by Aleetza Wood, she debuted on the series on 27 May 1999 and departed on 14 July 2000.
Peta is a local girl who seemingly blends into the background until she is given a makeover by 
Hayley Smith (Bec Cartwright). She begins a relationship with Will Smith (Zac Drayson) but it does not last. Peta is discovered to be living with her brother David (Philip Edwards) and invents a cover story in which a homeless woman, Annie Matthews (Carole Skinner) poses as Peta's late grandmother. She is then fostered by Joel (David Woodley) and Natalie Nash (Antoinette Byron). 
Peta's final story arc revolves around her relationship with eccentric goth, Edward Dunglass (Stephen James King) and her support of him in the wake of the discovery of his huntingdon's disease.
Casting.
Wood was studying Drama at University when she auditioned for the role of Peta. "I was on the phone to my best friend and I was actually talking about the audition, and my mobile rang, and it was my agent on the other line. He didn't sound too happy, and I just guessed that I didn't get it. He then yelled out that I got the part and I was screaming and having a two-way conversation with my friend and agent. I went to work that night and I was serving customers with the biggest smile on my face". While filming with co-star Zac Drayson, who plays Will Smith, Wood was approached by some fans. "I was filming on location when I first started on Home and Away and there were some English tourists asking Zac for autographs. They then turned to me and they all asked me for my autograph; I had no idea what to do or write. I actually think I was more nervous than they were".
Series Producer Russell Webb chose Wood for the role of Peta due to her "fresh-faced" look.
"She is a gutsy little performer, who at 20 looks young enough to play a 16 year old but has that maturity level, which her character is supposed to have. She is perfect for the role,' he said.
Storylines.
Peta appears when Hayley Smith (Bec Cartwright) is approached by a classmate, her friend Heather (Camilla Freeman), who wants her to be her partner in a competition for two friends to advertise skincare products. Peta accuses Hayley of taking Heather off her but learns Heather approached Hayley and considers Peta too plain to be her partner, Hayley and Peta ditch Heather and enter the competition together. Peta's makeover attracts the attentions of Hayley's older brother, Will. He asks her out but when Hayley mistakenly believes he was only getting her out of the way so she and her boyfriend Sam Marshall (Ryan Clark can spend time together, Peta leaves in a huff. Hayley and Sam then scheme to put Peta and Will together. 
Peta's home life raises questions from her when she alleges she lives with her grandmother but nobody has seen her and they become suspicious when Peta is reluctant to let them come over. It emerges that Peta's grandmother died while overseas in Poland the previous year and she and her brother, David (Philip Edwards) failed to report her death for fear they would be split up and sent to separate foster homes and continued living off her pension. A jury summons arrives for Peta's grandmother while David is away and Peta concocts a scheme with Will to have Annie Matthews (Carole Skinner), an elderly bag lady with bronchitis to pose as her late grandmother and has James Fraser (Michael Picciliri) writse a letter saying Annie is unsuitable for jury service. Events backfire when Annie takes her role to heart. Peta, wanting rid of Annie, enlists Will's help in tracking down Annie's daughter, Frances Kennedy (Alice Livingstone). The plan is successful but everything is revealed when Irene Roberts (Lynne McGranger) arrives.
Irene arranges for Peta to live with Travis (Nic Testoni) and Rebecca Nash (Belinda Emmett) but they are leaving Summer Bay shortly. Travis' brother Joel (David Woodley) and his wife Natalie (Antoinette Byron), become official foster parents and keep an eye on Peta and Justine Welles, the other remaining foster child. Peta's relationship with Will runs into difficulty when it is clear Will is still close to his ex-girlfriend Gypsy Nash (Kimberley Cooper), When the group have a car crash Peta and Hayley are annoyed when Will covers for Gypsy but not the rest of them, supposedly because her Eventually, Will and Peta split and he reunites with Gypsy.
Edward Dunglass (Stephen James King) arrives in town and he and Peta become an item. When she tells him she regrets being unable to attend her gran's funeral, he arranges an improvised memorial service at the cemetery, although she is mortified when they were interrupted by Colleen Smart (Lyn Collingwood), who is convinced they are up to no good. Peta learns that Edward's father, Edward Senior(Peter Sumner) died of Huntington's disease, meaning he could well have inherited it, and is concerned by his "live for the moment" attitude, including diving off Jump Rock. She issues him an ultimatum; stop the stunts or they will break up. Initially, Edward take the second option but later changed his mind and they reconcile. The couple then begin attending self-defence lessons but Edward is discouraged but suggests Peta continue. Edward suggests they get married and they stage an unofficial wedding at the caravan park. There is resistance to the union but Edward's mother Judith (Anna Hruby) agrees to let the couple live with her.
Following Edward's official diagnosis of Huntingdon's, Peta supports him and agrees to go travelling with him. The couple then leave to Bay to stay with Judith's sister in Rome. Will visits them the following year.
Reception.
For her portrayal of Peta, Wood was nominated for a "Most Popular New Female Talent" award in 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="18495423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495423" title="Track gauge in Ireland">
Track gauge in Ireland

The track gauge adopted by the mainline railways in Ireland is . This unusual track gauge is otherwise found only in the Australian states of Victoria, southern New South Wales (as part of the Victorian rail network) and South Australia (where it was introduced by the Irish railway engineer F. W. Sheilds), and in Brazil. The Grand Duchy of Baden State Railway used this gauge between 1840 and 1855 , as did the Canterbury Provincial Railways in New Zealand.
Different gauges.
Ireland's first railway, the Dublin and Kingstown, was built to (later known as standard gauge). The Ulster Railway (UR), taking the Irish Railway Commission's advice, used . The Dublin and Drogheda Railway began building its new line to on the grounds of lower costs. The two broader gauges were used nowhere else. Following complaints from the UR the Board of Trade investigated the matter, and in 1843 recommended the use of and that compensation be paid to the UR for the costs incurred in changing to the new gauge. 
This gauge was given legal status by the Railway Regulation (Gauge) Act 1846, which specified 4 feet 8½ inches for Great Britain, 5 feet 3 inches for Ireland. 
In 1846 the UR was re-gauged at a cost of £19,000 and the Dublin and Kingstown Railway in 1857 for £38,000.
The Hill of Howth Tramway and the Dublin and Blessington Steam Tramway adopted the gauge. The original Dublin tram system used grooved rail which could accommodate railway wagons. Dublin's Luas tram system, opened in 2004, uses standard gauge .
Narrow gauge.
Numerous narrow-gauge systems were built, usually as three foot gauge railways (). Most are now closed, including the largest narrow-gauge system in the British Isles, that of the "County Donegal Railways Joint Committee". The Irish narrow gauge today survives as heritage railways in both the Republic and in Northern Ireland. Bord na Móna uses narrow gauge in the Midland's bogs as part of its peat transport network. There is also a private peat railway on the southern shores of Lough Neagh in Northern Ireland, operated by the Sunshine Peat Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18495433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495433" title="Tennie Rogers">
Tennie Rogers

Tennie Beatrice Thomas Rogers (August 1, 1927 – January 22, 2009) was a perennial candidate for national office, having run in Republican primaries for United States President three times, and one time for United States Congress. In 1992 she was on more state ballots than any previous female Republican candidate for President. She was also the author of "Standing Up: Rogers For U.S. President," an autobiography and chronicle of her first two attempts at the Presidency and her intention for the 2000 election.[http://www.politics1.com/othergop2k.htm] She is the mother of Evelyn L. Rogers, another candidate. She died on January 22, 2009.
Congressional campaigns.
In 2000 she ran for the Republican nomination for Oklahoma's 2nd Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives, winning 266 votes, coming in 6th of seven candidates, losing to Andy Ewing. Ewing lost to Brad Carson in the general election.
In 2002 she ran for the Republican nomination for Oklahoma's 4th Congressional District (map) winning 648 votes, coming in 4th of six candidates, losing to Tom Cole who won with 21,789 votes and then went on to win the general election.
Meanwhile, her daughter Evelyn L Rogers,a librarian at Tulsa Community College ran for the 3rd Congressional District in 1996, and the 1st Congressional District in 2000, 2001, 2002, and 2004.[http://www.kjrh.com/news/state/story.aspx?content_id=4ecb8240-b2e8-440a-a0d3-b16f96ffea01&rss=784 [http://www.odl.state.ok.us/almanac/2005/13-electn.pdf]
Presidential campaigns.
1992.
In 1992 she was on nine State Republican primary ballots, winning 7,677 votes. She was the first female Republican candidate to have been on so many ballots, exceeding former Senator Margaret Chase Smith and is one of only approximately ten women to have ever been a Republican candidate for President.
1996.
In 1996, she was on the Republican primary ballot in New Hampshire and Mississippi, earning just 12 votes in the former and 35 in the latter.[http://www.ballot-access.org/1996/0403.html
Following this election, she wrote a book, "Standing Up: Rogers For U.S. President," that would serve as both autobiography and campaign tool for her anticipated third attempt at the Presidency.
2000.
In 2000 she once again ran, but this time failed to get on any ballots for President, faring better in her run for Congress as mentioned above.

</doc>
<doc id="18495434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495434" title="Wulfenia">
Wulfenia

Wulfenia is a plant genus in the Plantaginaceae. It was first described in 1781 by Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin.
Species.
An incomplete list:

</doc>
<doc id="18495435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495435" title="So Hot">
So Hot

So Hot (3rd Project) is the second mini album by South Korean girl group Wonder Girls. "So Hot" was the first single to be released from the album on June 3, 2008, the single became an instant hit and quickly hit #1 on various online and offline charts.
History.
In order to promote the single, JYP Entertainment first released teaser pictures of each member in May 2008, showing the Wonder Girls in their new "sexy image". Starting with Ye-eun, pictures were released on 5 consecutive days, ending with Ahn Sohee's pictures. Following the pictures, "So Hot" was previewed on their website. During this time, there were rumours that past member Hyuna would be returning to the group; JYP Entertainment confirmed that this was not the case.
Release.
"So Hot" was first given a digital release on May 22, 2008; the song topped online charts in the next few days. The full album was released on June 3, 2008, given the subtitle "The 3rd Project". In addition to the title track, the album also contained new songs "This Time" and "You're Out" as well as the rap version of "Tell Me", which was unreleased until this point.
Promotion.
The Wonder Girls began their comeback performances on May 31, 2008 on MBC's "Music Core", performing "So Hot" and "This Time". The members sported a brand new mature look, wearing leopard print outfits; future performances showcased varying outfits based around the print.
A music video was produced for the song, showing the girls in various situations, with men instantly falling in love with them.
"So Hot" became an instant hit and was the number one song on MBC's show "Music Core" and on SBS's "Inkigayo" for three consecutive weeks.
Due to vocal chord problems, Kim Yubin lipsynched her parts, as per her doctor's orders, until the end of July 2008.
Track listing.
Charts.
The chart positions are based on data from Music Industry Association Korea. Unlike Oricon Chart and the "Billboard" Chart, the charts are released monthly, not weekly.
North American release.
JYP Entertainment stated in June 2009 that "So Hot" would be the third English single for the group, after "Tell Me". On May 15, 2010, they released their 2nd American single "2 Different Tears" (also known as 2DT), which includes So Hot on the tracklist.

</doc>
<doc id="18495445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495445" title="Tumkur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Tumkur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Tumkur Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 28 Lok Sabha constituencies in Karnataka state in southern India.
Assembly segments.
Tumkur Lok Sabha constituency presently comprises the following eight Legislative Assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Mysore State:
Karnataka State:

</doc>
<doc id="18495451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495451" title="Pim River">
Pim River

Pim is a river in the Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Okrug in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Ob, and is 390 km long, with a drainage basin of 12 700 km². The average discharge 166 km from its mouth is 68 m³/s. The river is frozen over from the end of November until May. 
The town of Lyantor is situated at the Pim.

</doc>
<doc id="18495454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495454" title="Hayley Hutchinson">
Hayley Hutchinson

Hayley Hutchinson (born 1981, Northumberland, England) is a folk/acoustic rock singer from the Yorkshire Wolds, England, who has released four solo albums and is also a member of The Sorry Kisses.
Biography.
Hutchinson is the daughter of John Hutchinson, who played with David Bowie in the 1960s and in the 1970s as one of the 'Spiders From Mars'. She grew up in Scotland and moved to York in her teens. Hayley's musical career began at school, when her band won York's first inter-schools battle of the bands contest, when she was 14. She was a member of the short-lived band Freeb, before going solo in 2000.
Her music has been praised by BBC Radio 1's "OneMusic", Bob Harris, and David Bowie, as well as receiving regular airplay on BBC Radio 2, particularly from Terry Wogan.
Her voice has seen comparisons with Joni Mitchell, The Be Good Tanyas, Tori Amos, Shelby Lynne, Alison Krauss, Mary Hopkin, and Sheryl Crow.
After a single, "Here's The Love", her first album, "Independently Blue" was produced by Shed Seven's Fraser Smith and recorded in a York studio in less than a week, featuring contributions from members of Shed Seven, Diesel Therapy, and former Seahorses singer Chris Helme. It was financed by her job soldering circuit boards. Critical reaction was positive. She appeared on Channel 4 and performed in front of 20,000 people at York Racecourse in August 2005. She wrote all the songs on the album.
A second album, "Love Songs for the Enemy", followed in 2008. It was recorded in winter in the German Black Forest and was produced by Hayley Hutchinson and singer-songwriter Iain Archer. It also features musicians Sam Forrest, Iain Archer and Miriam Kaufmann. All songs were written by Hutchinson.
She has performed at several major festivals, including the Big Session, Summer Sundae, and South by Southwest in Texas in 2006, and Glastonbury in 2007.
Hutchinson is also a member of The Sorry Kisses along with Sam Forrest of Nine Black Alps.
She co-wrote and recorded the song "Pocket Full of Stars" with Nine Black Alps for the soundtrack of the Academy Award-nominated film "Surf's Up".
In 2009 her band The Sorry Kisses released their second album "Um And Ah" with tracks being featured on Nic Harcourts show on KCRW Los Angeles. Her song "Abandon Ship" was featured on the hit American TV show "Grey's Anatomy" in 2010.
Her third solo album "Ghosts in the Trees" was released in 2010 on Desert Mine Music. It was written by her Sorry Kisses bandmate Sam Forrest and also features a cover version of Françoise Hardy's "Tous Les Garcons Et Les Filles". Hutchinson produced and recorded the album at her home in the Yorkshire Wolds.
Hutchinson continues to play solo and with her band and also features on albums by the likes of Benjamin Francis Leftwich, Keegan Snaize, and Sam Forrest. She is also a freelance Illustrator, mainly focusing on children's book illustrations and fashion illustrations which go under the name The Art Hutch.
She wrote her first film soundtrack with Sam Forrest for the Independent film "Crimefighters" which was premiered at the Edinburgh Film Festival in 2010.
In 2011 Hutchinson continued working with her band The Sorry Kisses, releasing their third album "Keep Smiling" on their own Desert Mine Music label. She is also currently recording her fourth solo album at her home studio in the Yorkshire Wolds.

</doc>
<doc id="18495455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495455" title="Longmont Potion Castle Volume 4">
Longmont Potion Castle Volume 4

Longmont Potion Castle Volume 4 is the fourth album by the surreal prank call artist known only as Longmont Potion Castle. It was released in 2001 on cassette by DU Records. It was re-released later that year on CD by Post Replica records. That label later ceased operations, and it was again re-released in 2007 on CD and cassette by DU Records. The "Expanded Anniversary Edition" (with bonus content) was released by DU Records in 2012. Tracks 35 through 45 of the album are recycled from "Volume 1".
Reviews.
"Volume 4" was hailed by Prank Call Central as "a must have for any fan of Longmont." Their review goes on to say that "the calls aren't really thought out or contrived like on most other prank call CDs. As opposed to having some grand scheme, when they call someone they just start saying weird crap right off the bat and see where it takes them."

</doc>
<doc id="18495466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495466" title="Leonard Howe">
Leonard Howe

Leonard Vernon Howe (December 10, 1886 – August 30, 1955) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics. He died in Los Angeles, California.
In 1908 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 110 metre hurdles event after finished third in his heat.

</doc>
<doc id="18495475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495475" title="Hazel Clark">
Hazel Clark

Hazel Mae Clark-Riley (born October 3, 1977), née Hazel Mae Clark, is an American middle-distance runner who specializes in the 800 meters middle distance race. Clark was a member of the U.S. Olympic team in 2000, 2004 and 2008. She has won six national titles and two USA Olympic trials during her career.
Clark was born in Livingston, New Jersey. She is the daughter of inner-city educator Joe Louis Clark, who inspired the film "Lean on Me", and the sister-in-law of fellow Olympian Jearl Miles-Clark. Joetta Clark Diggs is her older sister. Clark, her sister, and her sister-in-law made history when they swept the 2000 Olympic trials 800 meters.
Clark attended Columbia High School. She receive an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where she was a member of the Florida Gators track and field team and was coached by her brother J.J. While at Florida, she was undefeated in SEC competition and won five NCAA titles. Clark graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in sociology in 2001. Clark was honored for her college athletic record when she was inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" in 2012.
She finished seventh at the 2000 Olympic Games. At the 2001 World Championships, she did not progress past the first round due to injury. In 2001, she was given a warning for using pseudoephedrine.
At the 2004 Olympics, Clark was eliminated from her first-round heat in the 800 meters after a freak accident where she was burned severely. She then had two good seasons with an eighth place at the 2005 World Championships, seventh place at the 2005 and 2006 World Athletics Final, and a sixth place at the 2006 World Cup.
In 2008, she won the U.S. Olympic Trials 800 meters final held in Eugene, Oregon and competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She finished her 800 meters Olympic heat in fifth place with a time of 2:01.59, and did not advance to the semifinals.
Her personal best time is 1:57.99 minutes, achieved in July 2005 at the Bislett Games in Oslo.
Clark has appeared in three global Nike ads appearing in fashion magazines, stores, and billboards. She has been marketed by Nike as a spokesmodel throughout her career. Her husband, Wenston Riley, proposed to her on national TV in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18495481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495481" title="Agenda VR3">
Agenda VR3

The Agenda VR3 was the name of the first "pure Linux" Personal Digital Assistant (PDA), released in May 2001 by Agenda Computing, Inc. of Irvine, California.
History.
The VR3 was unveiled at LinuxWorld Conference and Expo in August 2000 by Agenda Computing, which was at the time "a wholly owned subsidiary of the publicly traded electronics manufacturing giant, Kessel International Holdings, based in Hong Kong." A developer model, the VR3d, was available by December.
By late 2001, the VR3's price dropped from $249 to $119 at some US retailers, which caused some to wonder whether the promised VR5 (a color handheld) was to be released, or Agenda Computing was closing shop.
In April 2002, after the demise of Agenda Computing, the Softfield Vr3 became available from Softfield Technologies of Toronto, Canada. As of July 2008, the device is still available from SoftField.
Hardware.
The VR3 was 4.5"x3.0"x0.8". It included a 2.25"x3.25", 160x240 pixel, monochrome, backlit LCD touchscreen. It utilized a 66MHz MIPS CPU with 8MB of RAM and 16MB of built-in Flash memory for storage.
For input, it included push buttons for actions (such as Page-Up and Down, and Left and Right), stylus-activated power on/off, on-screen hard buttons for launching applications and a built-in microphone jack.
It also included a notification buzzer, an LED notification light, an IrDA port and an RS232 port. It was powered by two AAA batteries, and connected to PCs via an RS232 cable, or a docking station that the cable connected to. Both contained a button for activating sync software.
Software.
The VR3 came with a 2.4.0 version of the Linux kernel, XFree86, the Rxvt terminal emulator, the Bash shell, and a user interface based on the FLTK GUI library. It included
on-screen keyboard and handwriting recognition software, a number of personal information management (PIM) applications (including an expense tracker, e-mail, to-do list, contacts list, and schedule), games, and other tools.
It is possible to telnet, FTP and make remote X connections to the device.
Numerous applications were created by third-party developers, with the Agenda Software Repository listing nearly 200 titles by the end of 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18495498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495498" title="Five-Year Plans of Pakistan">
Five-Year Plans of Pakistan

The Five-Year Plans for the National Economy of Pakistan (otherwise publicly known as Five-Year Economic Plans for the National Economy), were the series of nation-wide centralised economic plans and targets as part of the economic development initiatives, in the Pakistan. The plan was conceived by the Ministry of Finance (MoF), and were studied and developed by the Economic Coordination Committee (ECC) based on the theory of Cost-of-production value, and also covered the areas of Trickle-down system. Supervision and fulfillment of this programme became the watchword of Pakistan's civil bureaucracy since early 1950s.
Inspired by the Five-Year Plans of Soviet Union, the programme was visioned and proposed by the Finance Minister Malick Ghoulam to Prime minister Liaquat Ali Khan who initially backed the programme, in 1948. The first five-year plans were approved by the prime minister Ali Khan in 1950 for the period of 1950-55; it was accepted in a view to serve in the rapid and intensified industrialisation, expansion of banking and financial services, with a major focus on heavy industry. Although not five-year plans did not take up the full period of time assigned to them, some of the plans were failed and abandoned whilst some completed successfully. Altogether, there were eight five-year plans (starting 1950 till 1999) and were replaced with more effective programme: "Medium Term Development Framework (MTDF)" programme of Prime minister Shaukat Aziz (office: 2004-2007).
History.
First Five-Year Plans (1948-1955; 1955-60).
At the time of partition of British India by the United Kingdom, Pakistan was an under-developed country, relatively standing with Asian countries with distressful economic situations. The country's systems of production, transportation, trade and consumption yielded a very low standard of living of the people, with little opportunity for education, or economic advancement in the country. The industries and financial services were non-existed in the country and agriculture development was among the lowest in the world. The vast majority of the population was still habitated in villages and were untouched with the scientific and technological development in past two centuries. The partition had the major effect on country's existing economic infrastructure that disrupted the wholesale transfers of population, trade and business, channels of communication, industrial and commercial organisation, and the pressing need to establish new provisional governments.
The economic development planning began in 1948 when Prime minister Liaquat Ali Khan presented the first Five-Year plans at the parliament of Pakistan on 8 July 1948. The first plan was conceived by the Ministry of Finance (MoF), and were studied and developed by the Economic Coordination Committee (ECC) based on the theory of Cost-of-production value, and also covered the areas of Trickle-down system. As part of this programme, the State Bank of Pakistan was established to give a kick start to banking services in the country. Quickly, the major economical infrastructure was expanded and the gap was filled by hiring as the government revenue began to rise. The currency war with India, following the devaluation of Pound Sterling— the currency of United Kingdom, led the deadlock of India-Pakistan trade which was caused by Indian refusal to recognition of country's currency, in 1949.
In the middle of 1950, the relations were restored when India and Pakistan began export trade once again, and in February 1951, India formally accepted to give recognition of Pakistan's currency after entering in new trade agreement, but the older trade relations were not restored. The Korean War led the boom of country's economy but the growth declined after the assassination of Liaqat Ali Khan in October 1951. More ever, the efforts were failed to continuing the programme which was initially unsystematic, partially due to inadequate staff officers and lack of ambitions. In 1953, the programme collapsed when the shortages of clothes, medicines and other essential consumer goods arose; there was also a serious food shortage as a result of a sharp fall in the production of foodgrains in 1951-52 and 1952-53 due to monsoon floods. Prime minister Khawaja Nazimuddin was forced to end the programme after sending his request to provide economical assistance from the United States and other friendly counties.
Reassessment and collectivisation.
The new studies were again conducted in 1955 after the collapse of first programme. According to the census, over 90% of the population was living in rural areas whilst only 10% was living in urban areas. In East-Pakistan, the urban proportion was low as 4.0% as compared to 18.1% in West-Pakistan, although the urbanisation had been increased at an accelerated level. In 1955, Prime minister Muhammad Ali Bogra again revived the plan and published in 1956. After reassessing, the programme was again launched with focusing (as highest priority) on agricultural development, and the strong emphasis placed on rapidly increasing the developmental effort in East-Pakistan and in the less-developed areas of West Pakistan. Prime minister Huseyn Suhrawardy of Awami League gave much priority to food development, agriculture and social development in both states. The concept of Collective farming was introduced by Suhrawardy as part of his agricultural policies and around 27.0Mn rupees were spent in order to organised the agricultural in the country. However, this programme was built entirely in the absence of much essential information and basic statistics.
In practice, this plan was not implemented because of its enormous size that lacked the physical and personnel assistance. The shortage of technical knowledge also devastated the programme. The Awami League's government also had shortage of foreign exchange to execute the plan, and was unable to find outside assistance to fulfill its commitment to the first five-year plans.
Second Five-Year Plans (1960-1965).
Despite the failure of first five-year plans, the programmes were revived and restated by the military government of President Ayub Khan. The second five-year plans gave highest priority to heavy industrial development, advancement in literature and science, and had single underlying purpose: "to advance the country as far as possible, within the next five years, along the road of these long-range objectives.". Further improvements were made in railways, communications, and transportation. More attention was given to private-sector industrial development and agricultural industries; the second give-year plans aimed to increase the national income by 20%. The unemployment was tackled with the industrialisation of the country, and overall major industrial development was carried out in West Pakistan while few in East. The Second Five-Year Plan surpassed its major goals when all sectors showed substantial growth which also encouraged private entrepreneurs to participate in those activities in which a great deal of profit could be made, while the government acted in those sectors of the economy where private business was reluctant to operate.
This mix of private enterprise and social responsibility was hailed as a model that other developing countries could follow. The second five-year plans oversaw the development of water and power utilities in East and West Pakistan and had energy sector was built with the help from private-sector. The financial services heavily depended on the foreign investment and aid from the United States that bolstered the economy. The second five-year plans were a quiet a big success but it was partially due to generous infusions of foreign aid, particularly from the United States.
Third Five Year Plans (1965-1970).
After the 1965 Indo-Pakistani War over Kashmir, the level of foreign assistance declined and economic constraints were imposed on Pakistan. The third five-year plan was designed along the lines of its immediate predecessor, produced only modest growth. The country had become urbanised by 1970 and only 10% population lived in rural areas as compared to 1950. The third five-year plans promoted the activities of private sector investment and tend to increase the directly productive investment for the stable Financial sector development.
The third programme focused on Gross national product (GNP) growth which was increased at 122% and had focused on the enhancing the capabilities of private sector to operate in the country. The size of the third programme was determined in the light of a careful evaluation of the recent experience under the second programme. Although the third programme successfully ran for the first three years of the Third Five-Year Plan, but at the end, the third programme proved to be even more of a disappointment in terms of proclaimed production goals. The performance of the third programme was undeniable that led the economical disaster in the country. Dramatically, the agriculture growth sharply declined and desperately devastated the farming class of the country.
Fourth Five Year Plans (1970-1975).
The fourth five-year plans were abandoned after the successful succession of the East-Pakistan, and the brutal defeat at the hands of intense rival, India. Virtually, all fourth five-year planning was bypassed by the government of Prime minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. Under Bhutto, only annual plans were prepared, and they were largely ignored.
The fourth five-year plan was replaced with the nationalisation programme which featured an intense level of government-ownership management on private entities. Only scientific aspects of fourth five-year plans were adopted in a view to turn Pakistan into a major "scientific superpower" in the world.
Fifth Five-Year Plans (1978-1983).
The Zia government accorded more importance to planning. The Fifth Five-Year Plan (1978–83) was an attempt to stabilise the economy and improve the standard of living of the poorest segment of the population. Increased defense expenditures and a flood of refugees to Pakistan after the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in December 1979, as well as the sharp increase in international oil prices in 1979-80, drew resources away from planned investments (see Pakistan Becomes a Frontline State, ch. 5). Nevertheless, some of the plan's goals were attained. Many of the controls on industry were liberalised or abolished, the balance of payments deficit was kept under control, and Pakistan became self-sufficient in all basic foodstuffs with the exception of edible oils. Yet the plan failed to stimulate substantial private industrial investment and to raise significantly the expenditure on rural infrastructure development.
Sixth Five-Year Plan (1983-88).
The sixth five-year plans represented a significant shift toward the private sector. It was designed to tackle some of the major problems of the economy: low investment and savings ratios; low agricultural productivity; heavy reliance on imported energy; and low spending on health and education. The economy grew at the targeted average of 6.5% during the plan period and would have exceeded the target if it had not been for severe droughts in 1986 and 1987.
Seventh Five-Year Plan (1988-93).
The seventh plans provided for total public-sector spending of Rs350 billion. Of this total, 36.5% was designated for energy, 18% for transportation and communications, 9% for water, 8% for physical infrastructure and housing, 7% for education, 5% for industry and minerals, 4% for health, and 11% for other sectors. The plan gave much greater emphasis than before to private investment in all sectors of the economy. Total planned private investment was Rs292 billion, and the private-to- public ratio of investment was expected to rise from 42:58 in FY 1988 to 48:52 in FY 1993. It was also intended that public-sector corporations finance most of their own investment programmes through profits and borrowing.
In August 1991, the government established a working group on private investment for the Eighth Five-Year Plan (1993–98).
Eight Five Year Plans (1993-98).
This group, which included leading industrialists, presidents of chambers of commerce, and senior civil servants, submitted its report in late 1992. However, in early 1994, the eighth plan had not yet been announced, mainly because the successive changes of government in 1993 forced ministers to focus on short-term issues. Instead, economic policy for FY 1994 was being guided by an annual plan.
From June 2004, the Planning Commission gave a new name to the Five Year Plan - Medium Term Development Framework (MTDF). Thirty two Working Groups then produced the MTDF 2005-2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18495503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495503" title="USS Marietta (AN-82)">
USS Marietta (AN-82)

USS "Marietta" (YN-101/AN-82) was a "Cohoes"-class net laying ship commissioned at the end of World War II. Post-war she was deactivated, but then recommissioned during the Korean War era. After that service, she was struck from the Navy List and transferred to the Venezuelan Navy in 1962.
Built in Oregon.
"Marietta" (AN 82) was laid down by the Commercial Iron Works, Portland, Oregon, 17 February 1945; launched 27 April 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Theodore C. Lyster, Jr.; and commissioned 22 June 1945, Lt. Richard Haber, USNR, commanding.
World War II related service.
Following shakedown, "Marietta" was briefly ordered to San Francisco, California, where she spent two weeks removing the protective nets in that harbor, 14 August to 3 September 1945. She then sailed for Norfolk, Virginia, via the Panama Canal. Reporting to ComServLant 30 October, she immediately began installing moorings for the growing Inactive Fleet. 
On 1 February 1946 the netlayer headed for Miami, Florida, and for the next eleven weeks operated with the Hydrographic Office in a series of triangulation surveys of the east coast of Florida and the Bahamas. "Marietta" next steamed for New Orleans, Louisiana, arriving 25 April, and continuing on to Orange, Texas, 11 May. At Orange she entered the Atlantic Reserve Fleet and decommissioned 19 March 1947.
Korean War era service.
Five years later, 14 February 1952, "Marietta" recommissioned. Assigned to harbor defense in the 3d Naval District, she was based at Naval Air Station (NAS) Brooklyn, New York, for almost eight years. During that time she tended nets, moorings, and buoys in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, and Rhode Island, with periodic deployment to other ports on the U.S. East Coast, including Key West, Florida; Charleston, South Carolina; Norfolk, Virginia; Boston, Massachusetts; and, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Inactivation.
On 21 October 1959, following operations with the Naval Amphibious Base, Little Creek, Virginia, "Marietta" entered the New York Naval Shipyard for inactivation. She decommissioned 21 December at Bayonne, New Jersey, and reentered the Atlantic Reserve Fleet.
Transferred to Venezuela.
Two years later preparations were started for "Marietta’s" eventual transfer under the terms of the Military Assistance Program. In February 1962 she was put in the custody of the Venezuelan Government, for whom she has operated, with the name "Puerto Santo" (H 03). Ultimate fate: unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18495521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495521" title="Mandya (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Mandya (Lok Sabha constituency)

Mandya Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 28 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Karnataka state in southern India. This constituency covers the entire Mandya district and part of Mysore district.
Assembly segments.
Mandya Lok Sabha constituency presently comprises the following eight Legislative Assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Mysore State:
Karnataka State:

</doc>
<doc id="18495523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495523" title="Horseboating Society">
Horseboating Society

The Horseboating Society is a national society, with the primary aim being the preservation and promotion of Horseboating on the canals of Great Britain. The Society was founded on January 19, 2001 at the Ellesmere Port Boat Museum, and it is the only organisation in the UK solely dedicated to horseboating.
Horseboating.
Boat horses were the prime movers of the Industrial Revolution, and they remained at work until the middle of the 20th century. Today, horseboating is a way of recapturing the working lives of this former waterway community, especially the thousands of families and the tradesmen who kept the traffic moving.
Achievements and notable journeys.
On 4 August 2006, Robin Evans, Chief Executive of British Waterways, joined horseboat "Maria" at Portland Basin, where the Lower Peak Forest Canal meets the Ashton Canal. "Maria" is Ashton Packet Boat Company's flagship narrowboat and Britain's oldest surviving wooden narrowboat, built in 1854 by Jinks Boatyard in Marple, and still horsepowered to this day, i.e. permanently without an engine. He took part in a taster session of driving boathorse "Queenie" along a section of the canal, and he proceeded to take "Maria" through Hyde Bank Tunnel by legging the boat from the cabin roof. This journey was also notable since "Maria" used to carry limestone (1854 to ca. 1904) from Bugsworth Basin to Ashton-under-Lyne, and the Society chose to commemorate this by re-enacting the journey, more than 100 years later.
In 2007, the Society made a journey along the Leeds and Liverpool Canal to the World Canals Conference in Liverpool. The society was awarded a grant of £42,500 from the Heritage Lottery Fund for this journey and other activities in support of the World Canals Conference. This journey was also part of British Waterways' "Coal and Cotton" event, celebrating the Leeds and Liverpool Canal's history of transporting coal from Leeds and Wigan to Liverpool, and taking cotton from Liverpool docks to Leeds. "Maria" duly carried sacks of coal, and samples of cotton supplied by the Merseyside Maritime Museum.
In May 2008, NB "Maria" was horse-drawn again, this time on the Huddersfield Narrow Canal. She had been "legged" through the Standedge Tunnel in 2006, the first boat to have been legged through in 60 years at that time. This time, a UK Government minister and a local Member of Parliament took turns at legging Maria through the highest, longest, and deepest canal tunnel in the UK.
In 2012, NB "Elland" was horse-drawn for the full length of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, believed to be the first time such a journey had been made for 68 years, culminating in a demonstration pull through the new Liverpool Canal Link.
In the annual Waterways Renaissance Awards 2008, jointly organised by the British Urban Regeneration Association and by The Waterways Trust, the Horseboating Society achieved the "Commended" award in the "Historic Environment" section.
The Society works closely with British Waterways, the Boat Museum Society, the British Horse Society, the Inland Waterways Association, the Towpath Action Group, the Institute of Historic Building Conservation, and the Shropshire Union Flyboat Restoration Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18495528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495528" title="Uncial 055">
Uncial 055

Uncial 055 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 11th century. The codex contains a commentary with incomplete text of the four Gospels, on 303 parchment leaves (26 cm by 19.5 cm). 
Description.
The commentaries are placed in the Western order (Matthew, John, Luke, Mark). Three first Gospels used commentaries of Chrysostom, Gospel of Mark – Victorin's commentary.
The text is written in one column per page, 37 lines per page.
The manuscript is written in semi-uncial variously listed as an uncial and a minuscule, is reported as "very peculiar in its style and beautifully written". Hermann von Soden did not include it in his catalog. According to some scholars it is a commentary rather, but not a manuscript of New Testament. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type, but Aland did not placed it in any Category. It is one of very few uncial manuscripts do not cited in Nestle-Aland Novum Testamentum Graece.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 11th century.
The manuscript was examined by Scholz, Burgon, and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1885. 
Formerly the manuscript was housed at the "Dominus du Fresne". Currently the codex is located at the National Library of France (Gr. 201) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18495532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495532" title="Al Yates">
Al Yates

Albert Arthur Yates (May 26, 1945 – November 23, 2007) born in Jersey City, New Jersey, was an American professional baseball player. Yates played 24 games in Major League Baseball for the Milwaukee Brewers in the 1971 season, primarily as an outfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18495540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495540" title="Cecil Kinahan">
Cecil Kinahan

Cecil Edward Kinahan (April 15, 1879 – March 15, 1912) was an Irish track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
He was born in Ireland and died in Sudan.
In 1908 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 110 metre hurdles event after finished second in his heat.

</doc>
<doc id="18495552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495552" title="Fat Princess">
Fat Princess

Fat Princess is an action real-time strategy video game for the PlayStation 3, developed by Titan Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was released in North America and Europe on July 30, 2009, and in Japan on December 25, 2009. It was included on the "Best of PlayStation Network Vol. 1" compilation disc, released June 18, 2013. A PSP version called Fat Princess: Fistful of Cake was released in 2010.
"Fat Princess" is primarily a multiplayer game for up to 32 players, with the basic goal of rescuing the Princess and bringing her back to the team's base. The players pick up and carry cakes to feed the Princess, which makes her heavier and harder for the enemy to carry back to their own castle. The game contains six character classes (Villager, Worker, Priest, Ranger, Mage, and Warrior) and three downloadable classes (Pirate, Ninja and Giant) each of which contributes to the team's task of capturing the princess in a unique way.
Gameplay.
In "Fat Princess", players play as team members. There are two teams, red and blue, with up to 12 members each (24 players at total). To make their opponents' task more difficult, players can feed the captive princess cake slices. With each slice, she becomes heavier and harder to carry back to her respective castle. Over time, the effect of the cake wears off.
Players can change their character classes and abilities by picking up hats that are generated by the hat machines at their team's castle. Hats can also be found on the warzone where enemies have fallen. The game's six classes are the "Villager", "Priest", "Mage", "Warrior", "Ranger", and "Worker" with three additional classes ("Pirate", "Ninja", and "Giant") from "Fat Roles" add-on pack. Each class has its own unique set of abilities and skills, and different amount of health. When damage is taken, the health level is reduced and all classes except giant can sit to eat cake in order to restore health. The three classes from "Fat Roles" add-on pack do not come from hat machines, instead they come from a "magic hat". Players can pick up this hat and press ('Triangle') to switch between the three classes.
Players can also upgrade hat machines, and construct fortifications and siege equipment using resources like woods and ores, which can be gathered from various locations on each map. Upgrades provide alternative weapons or attacks to each class. The three classes that do not come from hat machines cannot be upgraded, but they have "magic points" that will accumulate as time goes and once the bar is full, they can use special abilities. Pirates can fire cannonballs, Ninjas can turn invisible, and Giants can eat enemies.
Other interactive objects are bombs, potions that turn players into chickens when thrown, and torches that most classes can use to ignite their weapons to do additional damage.
There are several modes featured in this game:

</doc>
<doc id="18495555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495555" title="Metoxypilus spinosus">
Metoxypilus spinosus

Metoxypilus spinosus is a species of praying mantis found in New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="18495557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495557" title="Nip the Buds, Shoot the Kids">
Nip the Buds, Shoot the Kids

Nip the Buds, Shoot the Kids (also known as "Pluck the Bud and Destroy the Offspring") is a 1958 novel by Japanese author Kenzaburō Ōe. It is Ōe's first novel, written when he was 23 years old.
It was originally published in 1958. The English version was translated in 1995.
Plot.
The novel deals with fifteen adolescent boys from a reformatory in World War II Japan. The boys (including the unnamed narrator and his brother) are sent to a rural village (strongly echoing the regions of Shikoku in which Ōe was raised) to live and work. Upon arrival, the boys find the village afflicted by plague, with piles of rotting animal corpses dominating the atmosphere. Soon after the boys' arrival, the villagers flee from the plague to a neighboring village, barricading the boys in and abandoning them to their fate.
The group is joined (in stages) by a Korean boy named Li, a deserter from the army, and a young girl who has been abandoned in a warehouse. The boys attempt to make the most of their situation; Li teaches them to hunt birds, resulting in a jubilant festival, and the narrator finds love with the young girl. Their situation turns after a few days, however; the girl dies of plague, the narrator's brother runs away into the wild forest (and presumed dead), and the villagers eventually return and are furious with the state in which they find the village. Fearful of the repercussions should it become known that they abandoned the boys to die, they stab the deserter and alternately threaten the boys with violence and ply them with food. All members of the reformatory boys agree to keep silent about the actions of the villagers, with the exception of the narrator. At the close of the novel, he is chased into the forest by the villagers to an unknown fate.

</doc>
<doc id="18495567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495567" title="Betty Schueler">
Betty Schueler

Betty Jane Schueler, Ph.D. (AKA Betty Sherlin Schueler), born in 1944 in Washington, DC, is an author, a computer consultant, and a free-lance writer, editor, and artist. She worked as a systems analyst for Quantum Research International before retiring on disability. 
Education.
Schueler received a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology and Sociology from the University of the State of New York (1992), an M.S. in Administration from Central Michigan University (1993), and a Ph.D. in Interdisciplinary Studies from Capella University (1996). 
Professional memberships and honors.
Schueler is a former Professional Member of the American Counseling Association, the International Association of Marriage and Family Counselors, the Association for Multicultural Counseling and Development, and the National Registry of Neurofeedback Providers (NRNP), and the former President of the Board of Directors of Friends of the Harford County Public Library and Pets on Wheels of Maryland. She is a recipient of an Adult Scholarship Award from the Harford County Chamber of Commerce (1993), and was an Instructor at Harford Community College (1978-1984) and an Adjunct Faculty member there from 1996 through 1998. 
Writing.
She is the co-author, editor, researcher, contributor to and/or illustrator of 26 non-fiction books for general audiences and dozens of technical books for specific audiences, such as Job Corps and the U.S. Army. The Schuelers have also co-authored many articles on anthropology, computers, dogs, philosophy, science, magic (mostly Enochian magic), and other subjects. 
Personal life.
Schueler currently resides with her husband and writing partner Gerald Schueler in Maryland. They have two birth children: Joe and Andrew; two adopted children: Diane and Crystal; and many foster children who remain close to the family including Debra Greer and Frank Smith III.
Illness.
Schueler was diagnosed with systemic lupus erythematosus in 1982. She went into remission a year later and remained healthy until diagnosed with stage 1 breast cancer in 1993. In 1997 that diagnosis was changed to stage 4 cancer when it spread to her scalp and skull. A recurrence of the cancer on the scalp and skull occurred in 1997. This was quickly followed by a series of minor strokes, thrombosis, cardiac arrests, and numerous broken bones. She suffered 13 cardiac arrests in one day and developed heart failure.
Several cardiac catheterizations were performed and a stent and pacemaker were inserted. These helped keep her alive but she continued to suffer from acute, chronic angina until being put on oxygen therapy. This therapy appears to be working well and she is currently recovering from her heart problems. Unfortunately, the cancer has spread too far to be surgically removed, but she has managed to control it through creative visualization, imagery, and hormonal therapy. 2012 will mark the 20th anniversary of when she first discovered the lump in her breast and sought medical help.

</doc>
<doc id="18495583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495583" title="Track gauge in Afghanistan">
Track gauge in Afghanistan

The choice of future track gauges in Afghanistan presents several difficulties. Afghanistan is the cross-roads of Asia, surrounded by three different kinds of gauge, and yet is almost completely without railways.
Until the 21st century, there were less than 25 kilometres of railway inside the country, all of which is built to Russian gauge. For strategic reasons, past Afghan governments preferred to discourage the construction of railways which could aid foreign interference in Afghanistan by Britain or Russia.
Iran to the west uses standard gauge, , as does China to the east; to the south, Pakistan uses Indian gauge, while to the north, the central Asian republics of Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Tajikistan use gauge.
In 2010, the gauge question was resolved so that the internal network would be initially .

</doc>
<doc id="18495590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495590" title="Chas Symonds">
Chas Symonds

Chas Symonds (born July 8, 1982 in Croydon, England) is an English welterweight boxer.
He is the former BBBofC Southern Area welterweight title holder, but lost his title after losing to Ross Minter by TKO April 2005. Symonds did not fight for over three years following his title defeat, but returned to the ring in June 2008 to defeat Paul Morby.

</doc>
<doc id="18495597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495597" title="Myrmecomantis atra">
Myrmecomantis atra

Myrmecomantis atra, common name Ant Mantis, is a species of praying mantis that relies upon ant mimicry for protection even as an adult.

</doc>
<doc id="18495599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495599" title="Giulia Turco">
Giulia Turco

Giulia Turco, (), or Giulia Turco Lazzari (1848-1912), was a baroness best known as a naturalist and writer in her native Trento, Italy. She was married to the Venetian musician Raffaello Lazzari.
In the 1850s she wrote for the magazine "Rivista delle signorine", where she published a series of articles and short stories under the pseudonym "Jacopo Turco". Here she began a series of works which can be classified as lifestyle guides for young women and expounded the virtues of travel, charity, floral design, natural medicines and cooking.
Her cultural interests later brought her to support artists and musicians in both her native Trento and Venice, where she also had a home. Among these were the painter Eugenio Prati, a long-time friend, and for whom Turco's diary provides great insight. Another was the naturalist artist Bartolomeo Bezzi, whose "attachment to his native land is a constant aspect of his life and during his stays in Trentino he was a frequent visitor to the cultural circle of Baroness Giulia Turco Lazzari, in such company as Eugenio Prati, Luigi Nono, Angelo dall’Oca Bianca and many other artists, critics, writers and musicians".
By the end of the 19th century, her main focus was on gastronomy and she created a large recipe file and catalogue maintained between 1899 and 1901 with Pellegrino Artusi. In 1904 Artusi published a practical manual for the kitchen, with over 3,000 recipes and 150 tables, simply entitled "Ecco il tuo libro di cucina" (Here is your kitchen book). Turco's participation was anonymous and was only later revealed.

</doc>
<doc id="18495602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495602" title="Chamarajanagar (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Chamarajanagar (Lok Sabha constituency)

Chamarajanagar Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 28 Lok Sabha constituencies in Karnataka state in southern India. This constituency is reserved for the Scheduled Castes. This constituency came into existence in 1962.
Assembly segments.
Chamarajanagar Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Legislative Assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Mysore State:
Karnataka State:

</doc>
<doc id="18495606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495606" title="Washington Square Players">
Washington Square Players

The Washington Square Players was a New York theatrical production company founded in 1914. Its debut production in 1915 was a collection of one-act plays, some of which had been written for the event. In 1916 the troupe started presenting full-length plays, among which were Shaw's "Mrs Warren's Profession" and translations of Chekhov's "The Seagull" and Ibsen's "Ghosts". That same year it moved into the Comedy Theatre, where it subsequently performed Eugene O'Neill's one-act play "In the Zone" in 1917. In 1918 the company produced Elmer Rice's "The Home of the Free". In the same year, the Washington Square Players disbanded, but its work served as the roots for the foundation of the Theatre Guild in 1919.
Katharine Cornell is one of its most famous members.

</doc>
<doc id="18495614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495614" title="Prescott Prince">
Prescott Prince

Prescott Prince (born November 15, 1954) is an American lawyer and officer in the United States Navy Reserve.
Prince is notable for being assigned to represent Guantanamo captive Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
Education.
Member of Kappa Alpha Order.
Legal career.
Prince shifted from the regular Navy to the reserves in 1987 and graduated from Washington and Lee University School of Law, and had a civilian law practice in Richmond, Virginia until his recall to active duty in June 2007.
For the remainder of 2007 Prince served as a "rule of law officer" in Iraq.
In 2008 Prince was assigned Khalid Sheikh Mohammed as a client.

</doc>
<doc id="18495621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495621" title="Win or Lose (Mobb Deep song)">
Win or Lose (Mobb Deep song)

"Win or Lose" is the fourth and final single from Mobb Deep's "Amerikaz Nightmare" album. It is produced by The Alchemist. The song samples "Here I Go Again" by Jean Plum. New York Knicks basketball player Iman Shumpert (who is a huge fan of the duo) noted this song as his favourite Mobb Deep song, and was heard rapping to it.
Tracklisting.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="18495624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495624" title="Cibola White Ware">
Cibola White Ware

Cibola White Ware is a ceramic tradition of Arizona and New Mexico, dating from 1225-1325 CE.
History.
The ware was produced roughly from the San Juan River south to the upper Gila River drainage, and from the White Mountains east to the Laguna Pueblo area (Goetze and Mills 1993:21)—and probably east into the Rio Grande drainage. Cibola White Ware shares its basic style (black designs painted on a white or light gray background) with a number of other regional wares, all produced by prehistoric Puebloan peoples. The various wares often shared stylistic ideas, and archaeologists make the various fine distinctions primarily to aid them in dating archaeological deposits and in tracing out prehistoric trade.
Classification.
Most Cibola White Ware is distinguished from most other black-on-white wares by the use of crushed sherd temper in the preparation of clay for firing, along with the use of mineral-based black paint. If sherd temper is combined with black plant-based paint, the pottery is instead classified as Little Colorado White Ware (produced in the Little Colorado River drainage), with one exception, Chaco-McElmo Black-on-white. Also, some early Cibola White Ware vessels have mixed sand and sherd temper or all sand temper. The following table may help the reader understand where archaeologists have drawn the lines between one prehistoric ware and the next (see Goetze and Mills 1993:27–29 for further assistance).
References.
Goetze, Christine E., and Barbara J. Mills, 1993, Classification Criteria for Types and Wares. In "Across the Colorado Plateau: Anthropological Studies for the Transwestern Pipeline Project, Volume 16, Interpretation of Ceramic Artifacts," by Barbara J. Milles, Christine E. Goetze, and Maria Nieves Zedeńo, pp. 21–85. Office of Contract Archaeology and Maxwell Museum of Anthropology, University of New Mexico, Albuquerque.

</doc>
<doc id="18495629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495629" title="Judy Collins discography">
Judy Collins discography


</doc>
<doc id="18495634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495634" title="Taylor Teagarden">
Taylor Teagarden

Taylor Hill Teagarden (born December 21, 1983) is a professional baseball catcher in the New York Mets organization. Teagarden played for the Texas Rangers from 2008 to 2011 and the Baltimore Orioles in 2012 and 2013.
Early life.
Teagarden graduated from Creekview High School in Carrollton, Texas.
Teagarden attended the University of Texas at Austin, where he was a catcher on the Texas Longhorns baseball team. Most notably, Teagarden played on the Longhorns' 2005 NCAA Championship team, which won the College World Series.
Major league career.
Texas Rangers.
Taylor was drafted in the third round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft by the Texas Rangers. His first major league hit (a solo home run) happened on July 20, 2008. It came off Minnesota Twins pitcher Scott Baker in the top of the 6th, who, until then, had not given up a hit all game. It would end up being the only run of the game in a Rangers 1–0 victory.
Sent to Double-A Frisco early in the 2010 season, Teagarden was called back up to the Majors in July 2010 due to the injuries of catcher Matt Treanor. While at Double-A Frisco, he finished fourth in the fan vote for A.L. catcher for the 2010 All-Star game with 631,674 votes, above Major League catchers John Buck of the Blue Jays, Mike Napoli of the Angels and A.J. Pierzynski of the White Sox. Teagarden hit three home runs in his first five games after his July recall from the minors.
Baltimore Orioles.
He was traded to the Baltimore Orioles for minor-league pitcher Randy Henry and a player to be named later on December 1, 2011. However, he began the 2012 season on the disabled list due to lower-back injuries. He was cleared to begin baseball activities on June 1, 2012 and began his minor league rehab games with the Double-A Bowie Baysox on July 6. On the same day he was activated by the Orioles off the disabled list on July 14, he hit a two-run, two-out homer off Joaquín Benoit to end a 13-inning 8–6 victory over the Detroit Tigers at Camden Yards. He was designated for assignment on September 1, 2013 and subsequently became a free agent.
New York Mets.
Teagarden signed a minor league deal with the New York Mets with an invite to Spring Training on January 6, 2014.
International career.
Teagarden was named to the 2008 USA Olympic Team.

</doc>
<doc id="18495661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495661" title="Chikballapur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Chikballapur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Chikballapur Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 28 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Karnataka state in southern India. This constituency came into existence in 1977 after the reorganization of Indian states. It covers parts of Chikballapur and Bangalore Rural districts.
Assembly segments.
Chikballapur Lok Sabha constituency presently comprises the following eight Legislative Assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Karnataka State:

</doc>
<doc id="18495683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495683" title="Gelgel">
Gelgel

Gelgel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18495707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495707" title="CAD camp">
CAD camp

CAD (Central Ammunition Depot) is in the Wardha District of Maharashtra state in India, in the town called Pulgaon. Pin code 442303. It is one of the world's biggest ammunition depots.
CAD camp has a perimeter of around 150 km and is still expanding towards the villages behind it. It is becoming India's largest military-civil camp with almost all kinds of facilities and securities monitoring the area continuously.
Environment.
A few years back, it used to be a very nice place to visit, easily accessible for picnics, get togethers and some spiritual activities at "Bhairav Baba Temple" at the bottom of one of the three hills in the nearby area. There are beautiful lakes, a great cool environment with greenery everywhere, one theater "The Garrison", two schools, Labor Camp and Central School, etc.
Militarization.
It was a place of minimal risk until around 1999-2000, before the September 11 attacks. After that, and the attack on Sansad Bhavan, some terrorists found this, and the surrounding area, resulting in the tightening of security up to a very high level and the stopping of all the activities and entertainments. This put the area out of focus for the people in the Pulgaon Town and nearby.
Pulgaon.
Pulgaon is a small town but one of the major activity centers in Wardha District, after Wardha and Hinganghat. The population is over 45,000 but the town still could not receive the Tahsil Status because of the politics in area and the CAD camp. It is not easily identifiable through most of the maps. It is on the bank of the Wardha River and easily accessible to three districts, Wardha, Amaravati and Yavatmal.
Local industry.
There are two companies in the town, Shri Krushna Industries' Cotton Mills (erstwhile PCM) and Vidarbha Phosphates.

</doc>
<doc id="18495720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495720" title="EVSC Fields">
EVSC Fields

EVSC Fields is a high school soccer complex located in Evansville, Indiana near Roberts Stadium. Owned and operated by the Evansville Vanderburgh School Corporation, the facility serves as home field for EVSC schools and the area's two private parochial schools. EVSC Fields was formerly known as EVSC Double Cola Fields while under sponsorship from the Double Cola Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18495728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495728" title="Colegio Parroquial Cristo del Rosario">
Colegio Parroquial Cristo del Rosario

Created in 1992 as a Pre-School Kindergarten by Profesora Alicia Espinoza at the invitation of Msgr. Francisco Castrillo, pastor of Cristo Agonizante Parish, Managua, Nicaragua, Colegio Cristo del Rosario has grown into a complete pre-school, elementary and high school at the service of the Catholic population within the limits of "old Managua", the western section of the old capital city destroyed in large part by the 1972 earthquake. The "colegio" is a vital part of the Cristo Agonizante Parish which consists of the smaller barrios and chapels of San Sebastián, San Antonio, San Jacinto, San José and La Cruz.
History.
The present structures of the colegio are built on the ruins of the former parish building and several lots that were totally razed by the Somoza government shortly after the devastating quake. The Colegio is part of the Archdiocesan educational system, organized principally under the able leadership of Msgr. Silvio Fonseca, first coordinator of the "Pastoral Educativo" proper to the Archdiocese. At present (2010) some 520 students receive their pre-school, elementary and high school formation thanks to reduced tuition fees, the direct result of many generous benefactors both in Nicaragua and the United States, as well as a yearly grant approved by the Nicaraguan Bishops' Conference. The majority of students are from poor families and receive financial aid through benefactors both in the United States and Nicaragua.
Mission.
The spiritual and philosophical inspiration that motivates the Colegio comes from its Roman Catholic identity as proposed by the Archdiocese of Managua ("Reglamento Pastoral Educativo", 2008). In December, 2007, the Colegio graduated its first group of 15 "bachilleres" of whom 14 are aatently enrolled and have received scholarships at the National University (UNAN), Universidad de Oriente (UDO), American University (AU), and the Polytechnical University (UPOLI), all in Managua. The present Rector of the Colegio is Fr. Aurelian O'Dowd, MS.Ed. There are 30 teachers on staff and the Colegio is accredited with "personeria jurídica" as approved by the Nicaraguan National Congress (Gaceta, 2007). The Colegio's colors are green and gold.

</doc>
<doc id="18495752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495752" title="Kolar (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Kolar (Lok Sabha constituency)

Kolar Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 28 Lok Sabha constituencies in Karnataka state in southern India. This constituency is reserved for the Scheduled Castes. 
Assembly segments.
Presently, Kolar district Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Legislative Assembly segments:
144. Srinivaspura
145. Mulbagal (SC)
146. Kolar Gold Fields (SC)
147. Bangarapet (SC)
148. Kolar and 
149. Malur
Members of Parliament.
Mysore State:
Karnataka State:
References.
Election Commission of India -http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp

</doc>
<doc id="18495753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495753" title="National Commission for Health Education Credentialing">
National Commission for Health Education Credentialing

The National Commission for Health Education Credentialing, Inc. (NCHEC, ) is a professional health education credentialing body that works to define, verify, certify and promote the role of health educators as a national standard primarily operating in the United States of America. The commission's office is located in Whitehall, PA, just North of Allentown, Pennsylvania and about 50 miles North of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
NCHEC is the national accrediting organization for health educators, promoting the certified health education specialist (CHES) credential and administers the affirmation of approved continuing education. The provision and administration of the CHES credential represents the major strategy of NCHEC to fulfill its mission to "improve the practice of health education and to serve the public and profession of health education by certifying health education specialists, promoting professional development, and strengthening professional preparation and practice."
Although independent, NCHEC often works with national organizations to promote the CHES credential. NCHEC routinely interacts with the American Public Health Association (APHA), the Society for Public Health Education (SOPHE), the American Association for Health Education (AAHE), the Coalition of National Health Education Organizations (CNHEO), Universities and Colleges, various US Government agencies, and especially health educators in a wide variety of occupational and professional endeavors.
Credentialing of Certified Health Education Specialists (CHES).
Rationale for the Credential.
Credentialing health educators is an attestation of not only the professional's knowledge, but also their ability to act prudently and skillfully in a number of health education roles, including public health practice, research, advocacy, promotion, education. It also helps to promote further professional development of the health educator with continuing education and a sense of pride, and offers interaction with other health educators in a number of societies, agencies, and other professional settings. Credentialing health educators has also helped employers to recognize health educators who meet a baseline standard of professional competency.
Continuing Education Credits Toward CHES Certification and Recertification.
Any given CHES is credentialed for a 5 year period, in which time the CHES is required to earn 75 credit hours, or "Continuing Education Contact Hours" (CECH). NCHEC has suggested that the CHES accumulate 15 CECHs every year and have all requirements met about 3 months prior to the CHES recertification date.
NCHEC has the defined the awarding of continuing education in two categories:
NCHEC does not charge money for CECHs, but acknowledges providers may need to do so to recoup administrative costs.
Testing Schedule and Cost.
NCHEC provides continuous development and oversight of the nationally-standardized CHES examination offered biannually across at testing centers across the US (April and October cycles). 
Academic health education programs have been encouraged to comply with a competency based curriculum guided by the National Commission on Health Education Credentialing (NCHEC) Areas of Responsibility and Competency for Entry-Level Health Educators. NCHEC promotes seven general areas of responsibility with several supporting points of competency (not shown):
Code of Ethics for the Health Education Profession.
NCHEC promotes a code of ethics for health educators. The history and rationale for this code and other affiliating organizations can be found at here at the Coalition of National Health Education Organizations (CNHEO): [http://www.cnheo.org/code1.pdf]. The code is constituted of a preamble and 6 articles.
Preamble
The health education profession is dedicated to excellence in the practice of promoting individual, family, organizational and community health. The Code of Ethics provides a basis of shared values that health education is practiced. The responsibility of all health educators is to aspire to the highest possible standards of conduct and to encourage the ethical behavior of all those with whom they work.
Research Efforts in Promoting National Standards of Health Education.
NCHEC has been cited in a number of health education research efforts either peripherally in the context of health education or credentialing, or directly as a significant actor in the public health professions. One study evaluated student adherence to NCHEC areas of responsibility through a service learning or experience-based tracking paradigm.
NCHEC spearheaded the National Health Educator Competencies Update Project (CUP) in 1998 and continued until 2004. The 6-year study used a 19-page questionnaire sent to individuals identified from a number of professional health educator organizations across the US. By the end of the multiphase study, the CUP analysts realized that it represented one of the largest national data sets ever assembled of health educators (N=4,030), and found common sets of competencies valued across the majority of health educators.

</doc>
<doc id="18495757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495757" title="Audax Group">
Audax Group

Audax Group is a leading investor in middle market companies. Audax Management Co, LLC currently manages over $5.0 billion of assets through its private equity, mezzanine debt and private senior debt business. 
The firm has approximately 125 employees, and is headquartered in Boston, with a major office in New York. 
Audax' mission is to partner with management teams and financial sponsors to build long term value in middle market companies. Audax has invested in over 300 middle market companies since its founding. Audax invests across a wide range of industries and transaction structures. 

</doc>
<doc id="18495758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495758" title="George Wright (outfielder)">
George Wright (outfielder)

George De Witt Wright (December 22, 1958 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma), is a retired professional baseball player. He played five seasons in Major League Baseball from 1982-86 for the Texas Rangers and Montreal Expos, primarily as a center fielder.
In 1983, Wright had a career year with a surprising Texas Rangers club that was in first place at the all-star break. For the season he played in all 162 games and hit .287 with 18 home runs, 80 rbi, and a .745 OPS. The next several seasons he was often injured and failed to live up to his 1983 performance. In his last game with the Rangers he committed a costly three-base error in the bottom of the 9th inning of a game in which Charlie Hough would later lose a no-hitter and the game.
Wright later played briefly for the Montreal Expos and eventually had two seasons in Japan for the Hawks, in 1988 when they were the Nankai Hawks, and in 1993 when they were the Daiei Hawks. He also spent several seasons in the Mexican League, from 1990-92 and 1994-97.

</doc>
<doc id="18495791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495791" title="Rowel Friers">
Rowel Friers

Douglas Carson Rowel Boyd Friers, born Belfast, 13 April 1920, died Holywood, County Down, 21 September 1998, was a cartoonist, illustrator, painter and lithographer.
Friers grew up in the Lagan Village area of Belfast. He was apprenticed to the Belfast lithographic firm S. C. Allen and Co, and studied at the Belfast College of Art from 1935 to 1942. He began publishing his cartoons in the 1940s, concentrating on political cartooning with the advent of the "Troubles" in the late 1960s. His work appeared in "Punch", the "Radio Times", "London Opinion", the "Daily Express", the "Sunday Independent", "Dublin Opinion", "the Northern Whig", "the News Letter, the "Irish Times" and the "Belfast Telegraph".
Aside from cartooning, Friers was a leading figure in the Ulster Watercolour Society, and his oil paintings hang in the National Portrait Gallery, the gallery of the Ulster Museum, and many other collections. He illustrated more than 30 books, including John Pepper's Ulster dialect books and an American edition of the works of W. B. Yeats. He was a keen actor and television performer, with a talent for mimicry, serving as President of the Ulster Association of Drama Festivals and appearing regularly on chat shows. He was awarded the MBE in 1977. He was President of the Royal Ulster Academy of Arts from 1993 to 1997.
His funeral was attended by a large crowd, including politicians from both sides of the sectarian divide - the SDLP's Lord Fitt and the DUP leader, the Reverend Ian Paisley. He is survived by his wife Yvonne (née Henderson), daughter Vivien and sons Jeremy and Timothy.

</doc>
<doc id="18495800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495800" title="Pulgaon Cotton Mills Ltd.">
Pulgaon Cotton Mills Ltd.

Pulgaon Cotton Mills Ltd. (PCM Ltd.), is a Textile Industry, located in Pulgaon town of Maharashtra state in India.
"Pulgaon Cotton Mills", founded in 1890 by British, is one of the ancient industries in the central India, with 113 years of service, was closed by the State Government of Maharashtra in March 2003, putting almost 2000 families in a big trouble, losing the major source of income for the people in the town and surrounding areas.
The Ganesh Festival in PCM was the biggest of its own kind in Vidarbha region and the most famous one, is now stopped or is not being offered anymore like the one it used to be before the closure of PCM in 2003. That was the real charm & entertainment in the town, for 10 days in Aug-Sept of every year. It is said that, under the high pressure of the Builder Lobby in state and getting a bulk amount of money, Maharashtra Govt closed 11 Mills in the State between 2000-2003, and PCM was one of them, leaving bad impacts on minds & scars on the souls of the people in the state.

</doc>
<doc id="18495812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495812" title="Bystraya Sosna River">
Bystraya Sosna River

Bystraya Sosna () is a river in Oryol and Lipetsk Oblasts in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Don, and it is 296 km long, with a drainage basin of 17 400 km². The river is usually frozen over from the end of November until the end of March. 
The towns of Livny and Yelets is situated by the river.

</doc>
<doc id="18495850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495850" title="Ruby Williams">
Ruby Williams

Ruby C. Williams is a folk artist and produce vendor in Florida, United States. 
She was born and grew up in Bealsville, Florida - a community formed by freed slaves in the 1860s. She then became a minister in New Jersey. Since returning to Florida she has run a produce stand and "walk in" gallery on State Road 60 since the early 1980s. 
Williams is a self-taught artist. Her career in folk art got going in 1991 when passer-by Rodney Hardee noticed her brightly painted signs advertising her fruits and vegetables. With the coaxing from him and others, Ruby, a spiritual businesswoman, minister and grandmother embarked on the journey that has led her into classrooms, galleries and museums in Florida, as well as nationally. Recently Ruby illustrated a children's book titled, "I Am Ruby". Her art and produce stand are covered by Jeff Klinkenberg in a section of his book "Seasons of Florida".
Ruby Williams was honored with the 2005 Florida Folk Heritage Award and was included in the show, "On Their Own - Selected Self-taught Artists" at the Smithsonian Anacostia Museum in Washington D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18495852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495852" title="Ufuk Sarıca">
Ufuk Sarıca

Ufuk Sarıca (born June 13, 1972, İstanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish former professional basketball player and current head coach of Pınar Karşıyaka.
Career.
Playing career.
Sarıca began his career at the age of 16 at Efes Pilsen's Youth Team, and played for Efes for 16 consecutive seasons. During his time at Efes, he won the Korać Cup in 1996, beating Italian side Olimpia Milano at the two-legged final. While with Efes Pilsen he reached the European Cup final as well as playing in the Euroleague Quarter-finals 4 times (3 of these quarterfinals were consecutive between 1997 and 1999). He was part of the strong Efes roster along with Hidayet Türkoğlu, Ömer Onan, and Hüseyin Beşok. He left the team in the summer of 1999 after important members of the legendary Efes Team of 1996, Tamer Oyguç, Murat Evliyaoğlu, and Volkan Aydın, were let go from the club.
He joined Ülkerspor where he won the Turkish League title during the 2000-2001 season. As Harun Erdenay became more influential in the forward position his playing time was limited and as such he moved to Israeli side Bnei HaSharon. This was followed by a short spell at Montepaschi Siena.
After Siena, Sarica returned to Turkey and played at Pınar Karşıyaka, Darüşşafaka, and Beşiktaş Cola Turka, each for a single season, after which he retired.
Manegarial career.
Sarıca began his post-retirement career as the assistant of Murat Didin at Beşiktaş. When Didin left the club in March 2007, Sarıca was appointed as caretaker manager until the end of the season. Then he worked with Ergin Ataman as assistant coach at Beşiktaş again where they reached the TBL play-off semi-finals in the 2007/08 season. Ataman left the Beşiktaş and joined Efes Pilsen at the end of the season and Sarıca joined Efes Pilsen as the assistant coach of Ataman once again. He became head coach on an interim basis during the 2010-11 season and was handed the role as permanent head coach in June 2011.
On July 17, 2012, he signed a two-year contract with Pınar Karşıyaka.

</doc>
<doc id="18495884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495884" title="Jim Harris (illustrator/author)">
Jim Harris (illustrator/author)

Jim Harris (born 1955) is an illustrator and author of children’s books, with more than three million copies in print. His books are best known for their detailed and humorous depictions of animal and human characters.

</doc>
<doc id="18495900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495900" title="Penlop of Trongsa">
Penlop of Trongsa

Penlop of Trongsa (Dzongkha: ཀྲོང་གསར་དཔོན་སློབ་; Wylie: "Krong-gsar dpon-slob"), also called Chhoetse Penlop (Dzongkha: ཆོས་རྩེ་དཔོན་སློབ་; Wylie: "Chos-rtse dpon-slob"; also spelled "Chötse") is a Dzongkha title meaning "Governor of the Province of Trongsa (Chhoetse)." It is generally given to the heir apparent of the Kingdom of Bhutan. The most recent holder of the title was King Jigme Khesar Namgyal Wangchuck, who was then a prince (Dzongkha: "dasho", "gyalsay"). Although the current heir presumptive is Prince Jigyel Ugyen Wangchuck, the title is reserved for the officially designated heir apparent, which is subject to change by the reigning king. Also, the reigning Druk Gyalpo may retain the office or award it to another person after coronation. The proper reference style is His Royal Highness Trongsa (Chhoetse) Penlop. 
Penlop is a title roughly translating to "Provincial Governor" or the European title "Duke." The crown prince holds the title "Penlop of Trongsa," or "Trongsa Penlop," which is the title held by the House of Wangchuck before its ascendancy to the throne. Originally, there were Penlops for each of the nine provinces of Bhutan, but they were consolidated under the control of the Penlop of Trongsa Ugyen Wangchuck when he became the first King of Bhutan.
History.
Under Bhutan's early theocratic dual system of government, decreasingly effective central government control resulted in the "de facto" disintegration of the office of Shabdrung after the death of Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal in 1651. Under this system, the Shabdrung reigned over the temporal Druk Desi and religious Je Khenpo. Two successor Shabdrungs – the son (1651) and stepbrother (1680) of Ngawang Namgyal – were effectively controlled by the Druk Desi and Je Khenpo until power was further splintered through the innovation of multiple Shabdrung incarnations, reflecting speech, mind, and body. Increasingly secular regional lords (penlops and dzongpons) competed for power amid a backdrop of civil war over the Shabdrung and invasions from Tibet, and the Mongol Empire. The penlops of Trongsa and Paro, and the dzongpons of Punakha, Thimphu, and Wangdue Phodrang were particularly notable figures in the competition for regional dominance. During this period, there were a total of nine provinces and eight penlops vying for power.
Chogyal Minjur Tenpa (1613–1680; "r." 1667–1680) was the first Penlop of Trongsa (Tongsab), appointed by Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal. He was born Damchho Lhundrub in Min-Chhud, Tibet, and led a monastic life from childhood. Before his appointment as Tongsab, he held the appointed post of Umzey (Chant Master). A trusted follower of the Shabdrung, Minjur Tenpa was sent to subdue kings of Bumthang, Lhuntse, Trashigang, Zhemgang, and other lords from Trongsa Dzong. After doing so, the Tongsab divided his control in the east among eight regions (Shachho Khorlo Tsegay), overseen by Dungpas and Kutshabs (civil servants). He went on to build Jakar, Lhuentse, Trashigang, and Zhemgang Dzongs.
Within this political landscape, the Wangchuck family originated in the Bumthang region of central Bhutan. The family belongs to the descendants of Dungkar Choji of the Nyö clan, and is descended from Pema Lingpa, a Bhutanese Nyingmapa saint. The Nyö clan emerged as a local aristocracy supplanting many older aristocratic families of Tibetan origin that sided with Tibet during invasions of Bhutan. In doing so, the clan came to occupy the "de facto" hereditary position of Penlop of Trongsa since Jigme Namgyel (appointed from among his family), as well as significant national and local government positions.
While the Penlop of Trongsa controlled central and eastern Bhutan, the rival Penlop of Paro controlled western Bhutan. Dzongpons controlled areas surrounding their respective dzongs. Eastern dzongpens were generally under the control of the Penlop of Trongsa, who was officially endowed with the power to appoint them in 1853. The Penlop of Paro, unlike Trongsa, was an office appointed by the Druk Desi's central govertunment. Because western regions controlled by the Penlop of Paro contained lucrative trade routes, it became the object of competition among aristocratic families.
Although Bhutan generally enjoyed favorable relations with both Tibet and British India through the 19th century, extension of British power at Bhutan's borders as well as Tibetan incursions in British Sikkim defined politically opposed pro-Tibet and pro-Britain forces. This period of intense rivalry between and within western and central Bhutan, coupled with external forces from Tibet and especially the British Empire, provided the conditions for the ascendancy of the Penlop of Trongsa.
After the Duar War with Britain (1864–65) as well as substantial territorial losses (Cooch Behar 1835; Assam Duars 1841), armed conflict turned inward. In 1870, amid the continuing civil wars, Penlop Jigme Namgyal of Trongsa ascended to the office of Druk Desi. In 1879, he appointed his 17-year-old son Ugyen Wangchuck as Penlop of Paro. Jigme Namgyal reigned through his death 1881, punctuated by periods of retirement during which he retained effective control of the country.
The pro-Britain Penlop Ugyen Wangchuck ultimately prevailed against the pro-Tibet and anti-Britain Penlop of Paro after a series of civil wars and rebellions between 1882 and 1885. After his father's death in 1881, Ugyen Wangchuck entered a feud over the post of Penlop of Trongsa. In 1882, at the age of 20, he marched on Bumthang and Trongsa, winning the post of Penlop of Trongsa in addition to Paro. In 1885, Ugyen Wangchuck intervened in a conflict between the Dzongpens of Punakha and Thimphu, sacking both sides and seizing Simtokha Dzong. From this time forward, the office of Druk Desi became purely ceremonial.
Legal status.
Under Article 2 of the Constitution of Bhutan, actual succession depends on the King without regard to who is the titular Trongsa or Chhoetse Penlop: the title is not a part of the Constitutional succession framework. Thus, if there are "shortcomings in the elder prince, it is the sacred duty of the King to select and proclaim the most capable prince or princess as heir to the Throne."

</doc>
<doc id="18495902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495902" title="Kayaba Ku-4">
Kayaba Ku-4

__NOTOC__
The Kayaba Ku-4 was a research aircraft built in Japan in 1940 to investigate the possibilities of tailless designs. It followed designer Hidemasa Kimura's successful Ku-2 and Ku-3 designs for the Imperial Japanese Army. While these previous aircraft had been gliders, however, the Ku-4 was to be a powered by a pusher engine. It had a low, swept wing, and like the Ku-2, fins at the wingtips. 
Work on the prototype was well advanced by April 1941, but the following month, Kimura's relationship with the Army soured following the crash of the Ku-2. The Ku-4 was cancelled, and Kimura eventually received only ¥17,000 of the ¥200,000 that had been promised for the development of his tailless designs.

</doc>
<doc id="18495923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495923" title="Morena (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Morena (Lok Sabha constituency)

Morena Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency was reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes in 1967 when it was also made a stand alone constituency. This constituency presently covers the entire Sheopur and Morena districts. 
Assembly segments.
Presently, Morena Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha segments:
Members of Parliament.
Madhya Bharat state: (as Morena Bhind)
Madhya Pradesh state:
References.
Election Commission of India -http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp

</doc>
<doc id="18495946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495946" title="Rich Templeton">
Rich Templeton

Richard K. Templeton is an American electrical engineer and business executive. He is chairman, president, and Chief Executive Officer of Texas Instruments.
Education.
Templeton attended Union College in New York from which he graduated in 1980 with a degree in electrical engineering.
Career.
After graduation, Templeton immediately joined TI where he worked in many different areas of the company. In 1996, he began heading up TI's semiconductor business. Templeton then served as Chief Operating Officer of the technology giant from April 2000 to April 2004. In May 2004 he was named CEO, and in April 2008 he succeeded Tom Engibous as Chairman of the Board.
While CEO of Texas Instruments in 2008, Richard K. Templeton earned a total compensation of $9,623,590, which included a base salary of $960,780, a cash bonus of $1,564,853, stocks granted of $4,468,500, and options granted of $2,397,600.
Family life.
Rich Templeton is married with three children and lives in Parker, Texas. In addition to Union College, the family is affiliated with John Paul II High School in Plano, Ursuline Academy of Dallas, Trinity University in San Antonio and Southern Methodist University in Dallas.

</doc>
<doc id="18495956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495956" title="Dominus (video game)">
Dominus (video game)

Dominus is a real-time strategy game developed by Visual Concepts Entertainment, Inc. and released for the DOS platform in 1994.
Gameplay.
The game takes place in a medieval fantasy world. The player controls a king who must defend his kingdom from several invading kingdoms, all of whom are attacking simultaneously from different directions. The invaders start moving in from the outlying villages, into the castle walls, and finally entering the keep itself. The player defends the kingdom by laying traps, casting spells, deploying monsters to fight, and flying into the battlefield to allow the player to fight directly (as the king).
The game features strategic elements which are not often found in real time strategy games, such as setting monsters to the task of collecting spell and trap ingredients, and interrogating prisoners.

</doc>
<doc id="18495990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18495990" title="13th Arizona Territorial Legislature">
13th Arizona Territorial Legislature

The 13th Arizona Territorial Legislative Assembly was a session of the Arizona Territorial Legislature which began on January 12, 1885, in Prescott, Arizona. The session's accomplishments included allocation of a variety of territorial institution including a university, normal school, prison, and insane asylum. Nicknames bestowed to the session include the "bloody thirteenth" due to fights in the halls of government and nearby saloons, and the "thieving thirteenth" due to the very large appropriations approved by this legislature.
Background.
During the Apache Wars, the primary source of cash for many Arizona towns was a nearby military post By the mid-1880s, subjugation of the Apache was largely completed and the settlements saw territorial institutions as an economic replacement for the forts. The territorial capital and an anticipated insane asylum were considered the best source of revenues. A potential university and normal school were considered of lesser importance with a common line of the day being, "Who ever heard of a professor buying a drink?"
The other big concern facing the territory was an influx of Mormon settlers. About 2000 Mormon settlers had arrived in Arizona Territory during 1884, raising their totals to 5000 settlers, and their political opponents suspected the LDS Church was trying to create a large enough voting block to take over Arizona (at the time a majority of Idaho's legislature was Mormon and the church had been able to determine Wyoming's delegate to Congress). In response to the influx, five of the settlers were tried and convicted of polygamy. Political response to the convictions was largely favorable, with the "New York Times" writing, "This is a very good beginning. If there are among the new settlers other men who have violated the law they should be promptly prosecuted and sent to the penitentiary. In no other way can the growth of polygamy in Arizona be checked."
Prior to the legislative session, a group of Tucson businessmen had raised a US$5,000 slush fund to lobby for the return of the territorial capital. The delegation from Pima County was delayed by flooding on the Salt River, forcing a detour through Los Angeles and Sacramento, California, before they could reach Prescott. While this detour was occurring, 7 of the 12 members of the Council met privately and had reached an agreement to block any legislation that would move the capital from Prescott, the penitentiary from Yuma, weaken anti-Mormon legislation, divide Cochise county, or create anti-railroad legislation.
Legislative session.
The legislative session had been scheduled to begin on January 12, 1885, but due to delays in member's arrivals the session was unable to form a quorum till January 19 in the House and January 21 in the Council. Among the first problems befalling the session was dealing with travel expenses. The detours taken to avoid flooding on the Salt River resulted in the members from Pima County requesting US$330 each for the journey to and from Prescott. To this was added a claim by F.K. Ainsworth, a resident of Prescott, for US$225 in travel expenses under the belief he could claim a journey from any point in the territory he represented. In an effort to keep expenses under the US$25,960 authorized by the U. S. Congress for the session, Territorial Treasurer H. M. Van Arman decided to only pay members their four dollar per diem for days they actually served in the session. The legislatures compensated for this limitation by consuming a greater volume of stationery and other supplies than had been budgeted for.
During the session there were several instances of legislative violence, both within the halls of government and the nearby saloons. One such instance occurred when Council member W. C. Bridwell struck a lobbyist for the Arizona Copper Company, resulting in a bloody nose and broken glasses for the lobbyist. The lobbyist responded by challenging Bridwell to a duel. The two men were separated by mutual friends before they could decide upon appropriate weapons. Another instance involved a feud fought with bullwhip and a monkey wrench.
Governor's address.
Frederick Augustus Tritle spoke to the legislature on January 24, 1885. Tritle's interest in agriculture was emphasized during the address, and he recommended the legislature ask the U.S. Congress for funds to provide funds to a geological survey designed to locate water sources within the territory along with locations suitable for creating water reservoirs. Other concerns raised included legislation to prevent Texas cattle fever from spreading to Arizona and creation of a permanent militia. Tritle also used the occasion to call for the United States to purchase land from Mexico for the purpose of providing Arizona with direct access to the Pacific ocean.
Legislation.
The key pieces of legislation passed by the session involved allocation of various institutions throughout the territory. The 13th allowed the territorial capital remain in Prescott and Yuma kept the territorial prison. Despite claims that it would be less expensive to continue a deal allowing the territory to send mental patients to a Stockton, California facility at a cost to the territory of six dollars per day, Phoenix received a US$100,000 appropriation for a new insane asylum. Funds for a new levee near Yuma were approved along with US$12,000 for a new bridge over the Gila River near Florence. An allocation of US$5,000 was made for a normal school in Tempe.
Upon seeing the other political plums already picked, Selim M. Franklin made an appeal near the end of the session to locate a university in Tucson saying, "We have been called the Fighting Thirteenth, the Bloody Thirteenth and the Thieving Thirteenth. We have deserved these names and we know it. ... Here is an opportunity to wash away our sins. Let us establish an institution of learning, where for all time to come the youth of the land may learn to become better citizens than we are, and all our shortcomings will be forgotten in a misty past and we will be remembered for this one great achievement."
Other actions taken by the session included authorizing US$292,000 in bonds for a railroad connecting Prescott to the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad and US$200,000 in bonds for a rail link from Phoenix to the Southern Pacific line in Maricopa. A bill to reinstate a bullion tax was rejected and a proposal to create the County of Sierra Bonita, with Wilcox as the county seat, was rejected by a single vote.
Aftermath.
Following the close of the legislative session there were a number of events that occurred because of the session. As part of the bills authorizing creation of the university and normal school, each receiving community was required to donate a plot of land for the new schools. Tempe enthusiastically accepted the normal school and arranged for the needed ; the Tempe Normal School eventually expanded, ending up as Arizona State University. Tucson was much less enthusiastic about receiving the university and if not for two gamblers and a saloon keeper donating east of the town for campus, the town would have allowed the university authorization to expire. The University of Arizona remains in Tucson to this day. After completion of the bridge near Florence, the Gila shifted course away from the bridge site.
Several investigation into events of legislative session were conducted. A federal grand jury in Tucson found the 13th Arizona Territorial Legislature exceeded the $4000 legal limitation for operating expenses by $46,744.50. A latter grand jury meeting in Prescott reported the legislature had authorized US$19,967 in printing expenses and spent US$3,076.90 to deliver territorial newspapers to legislators. The session was also found to have exceeded federal staffing limitations by employing fifty-one clerks, eight janitors, and four pages.

</doc>
<doc id="18496015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496015" title="So Early in the Spring (Judy Collins album)">
So Early in the Spring (Judy Collins album)

So Early in the Spring... The First 15 Years, (or simply So Early in the Spring) is a compilation album by the American folk singer Judy Collins, first released as a double LP in 1977. It peaked at No. 42 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.The LP featured album portraits by renowned photographer Richard Avedon.
Although it is out-of-print, all the songs are available on other releases or compilations.

</doc>
<doc id="18496018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496018" title="Russell Schulz-Widmar">
Russell Schulz-Widmar

Russell Schulz-Widmar (born Russell E. Schulz, 29 July 1944) was Professor of Liturgical Music at the Seminary of the Southwest in Austin, Texas, and a composer, author, and conductor. For much of his career he lived in Austin, Texas and upon retirement he has divided his time between Berlin, Germany and Dallas, Texas. He is married to Hubertus Schulz-Wilke.
Biography.
Born into a family of German and Dutch immigrants, Russell Schulz grew up northwest of Chicago, near the village of Hebron, Illinois. He graduated with honors with a B. Mus. from Valparaiso University in Valparaiso, Indiana. He received his M. Mus. from the School of Music at Union Theological Seminary in New York City, and his D.M.A from The University of Texas at Austin. He also studied at the Royal School of Church Music in London/Croydon. In 1988 he was named a Distinguished Alumnus of Valparaiso University. In 2012 The Seminary of the Southwest awarded him the honorary degree Doctor of Humane Letters. 
In 1971, while he was a student at The University of Texas, he and his wife Suzanne Widmar took over as co-Directors of Music at University United Methodist Church in Austin, Texas. In 1993, Dr. Schulz left University United Methodist Church to take a position as the Director of Music at the Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd in Austin, Texas. He remained in the position until July, 2008.
In 1974 he became Organist/Choirmaster at the Episcopal Theological Seminary of the Southwest (now The Seminary of the Southwest) and later became Professor of Liturgical Music there. From 1975-85 he was also Visiting Lecturer at the Austin Presbyterian Theological Seminary. From 1978-85 he was a member of the Standing Commission on Church Music of the Episcopal Church, served on the Executive Editorial Board of that commission, and chaired the hymn music committee of the Hymnal 1982. In 1979, 1981, and 1983, on behalf of the Standing Commission and funded by the Lilly Foundation, he arranged biennial conferences for music professors/directors of music at the 10 US Episcopal Seminaries. From 1999-2001 he was a member of the Task Force for founding of the Armstrong Community Music School of the Austin Lyric Opera. Also at ALO, he served many years on the Triangle-on-Stage Committee. He was founding President of the Austin Boy's Choir and was a member of the founding Board of Directors of Conspirare: Craig Hella Johnson and Company of Voices. He was a member of the Board of Directors of the Capital City Men's Chorus and also the Austin Choral Union. He served on the faculty of the Evergreen Conference in Evergreen, CO, and then from 1980-87 he was Dean of that conference. He served on the Editorial Advisory Board of the Hymn Society in the United States and Canada, and from 1987-89 he was President of the Society. At the University of Texas he served on doctoral committees, served as faculty at conferences, lectured periodically at the School of Architecture, served on CAPO (Committee for the Advocacy of Pipe Organs) and also on the Advisory Board of the Center for Sacred Music. 
He has had a lifelong interest in ethnomusicology, particularly in the study of music as a lens into a culture. He interviewed and photographed hundreds of people in such diverse cultures as the former East Germany, Germany, Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Belarus, Russia, Egypt, Kenya, India, Australia, UK, Mexico, Brazil and Chile.
Selected publications.
As Editor or Chair.
The Book of Canticles<br>
El Himnario Provisional<br>
The Hymnal 1982 - The current hymnal in use by the Episcopal Church of the United States of America<br>
Hymnal Supplement II<br>
Hymns III<br>
A New Hymnal for Colleges and Schools - A progressive, non-denominational hymnal by Yale University Press<br>
Praises Abound - a collection of meditations based on hymns and original hymns by students at the Seminary of the Southwest, Austin<br>
Shepherd Songs - A collection of thirteen new hymns, commissioned by members and friends of the Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd, Austin.<br>
Songs of Thanks and Praise - A nondenominational hymnal supplement
As composer: representative works.
Choral works.
"Adam Lay Ybounden"<br>
An Advent Processional<br>
Autumn Carol<br>
"Bethlehem"<br>
"Boundless Love"<br>
"By Gracious Powers"<br>
A Carol for Christmas<br>
"Forth in Thy Name"<br>
"Give Rest, O Christ"<br>
"God Remembers"<br>
Good Friday Anthems<br>
Heavenly Dance<br>
"Here, O My Lord"<br>
"How Can I Keep from Singing"<br>
"How Clear Is Our Vocation, Lord"<br>
"I Am Resurrection"<br>
"I Heard the Voice of Jesus Say"<br>
"I Saw Three Ships"<br>
"In Remembrance" (1990)<br>
"In the Bleak Mid-winter"<br>
"Infant Holy"<br>
"Jerusalem, Jerusalem"<br>
"Jerusalem, My Happy Home"<br>
"Jesus, Jesus, Rest Your Head"<br>
Joseph's Lullaby<br>
"Lord, Enthroned in Heavenly Splendor"<br>
Lullaby<br>
"Mary Said Yes"<br>
"Midnight Clear"<br>
Miriam Dances at the Red Sea<br> 
A Neo-gothic Carol: "Ave Mary"<br>
A Neo-gothic Carol: "To Us this Morn"<br>
"O God of Gentle Strength"<br>
"O Gracious Light" (after Arnatt)<br>
"O Gracious Light" <br>
"The Peace of God"<br>
"Remember Christmas"<br>
"Rest In Peace:" A Song of Farewell<br>
Resurrection Dance<br>
"The Royal Banners of Our King"<br>
Sanctus/Picardy<br>
Sky Song<br>
Song of Mary: Magnificat<br>
Song of Simeon: Nunc Dimittis<br>
Song of the Advents<br>
"Songs of Sovereign Grace"<br>
"The Sons of Asaph"<br>
Spring Carol<br>
Stille Nacht<br>
Summer Carol<br>
"Sweet Music"<br>
"Sweet Spirit, Comfort Me"<br>
"There Is a Happy Land"<br>
"This Is the Feast of Victory for Our God"<br>
Three French Carols<br>
"Through all the Changing Scenes of Life"<br>
"Unto Us Is Born a Child"<br>
Visitation Carol<br>
Volemus Pastorcitos<br>
"We Are Not Our Own"<br>
"We Come, O Christ"<br> 
"When In Our Music God Is Glorified"<br>
"Wonder, Love, and Praise"<br>
"Your Love, O Christ"
Large works.
St. Andrews Evensong<br>
St. Andrews Mass<br>
Mass of the Good Shepherd<br>
Stabat Mater, for choir and orchestra<br>
Requiem, for choir and soloists with organ and six instruments
Solo vocal works.
"How Can I Keep from Singing?"<br>
"Now the Green Blade Riseth"<br>
"What Child Is This?"
Organ works.
Adeste fideles<br>
Adoro te devote<br>
Ar Hyd y Nos<br>
Beach Spring<br>
Conditor alme siderum<br>
Dialog<br>
Duet and Trio on 'Hyfrydol'<br>
Easter Hymn<br>
Elegy on Old Hundredth<br>
Fantasia on the Danish Amen <br>
Grosser Gott/Te Deum<br>
Hyfrydol<br>
Intonation on 'All Glory, Laud and Honor'<br>
Introduction and Varied Harmonizations of 'Easter Hymn'<br>
Ite missa est<br>
Jesu dulcis memoria<br>
Land of Rest<br>
Lasst uns erfreuen<br>
Lord Have Mercy (from Danish Amen Mass)<br>
Lourdes Hymn<br>
A Mighty Fortress is Our God<br>
Organ Mass: 'Lord, have mercy'<br>
Organ Mass: 'Holy, holy, holy Lord"<br>
Partita on 'Ah, Holy Jesus'<br>
Picardy<br>
Prelude on an Ancient Melody<br>
Prelude on 'Lasst uns erfreuen'<br>
Prelude on 'Middlebury'<br>
Procession<br>
Procession for the Ascension Vigil<br>
Quite Alleluias<br>
Requiem aeternam<br>
Sicilian Mariners<br>
Simple Gifts<br>
St. Catherine<br>
St. Flavian<br>
Stille Nacht<br>
Sussex Carol<br>
Sweet Sacrament<br>
Tantum ergo/Pange lingua<br>
Triptych on Veni Creator Spiritus<br>
Ubi caritas<br>
Variations on 'O Come All Ye Faithful'<br>
Variants on 'St. Columbia'<br>
Variants on 'Let All Mortal Flesh Keep Silence'<br>
Veni Creator<br>
Veni Creator Spiritus<br>
Veni, veni Emmanuel<br>
Victimae paschali laudes<br>
We Gather Together<br>
When Jesus Wept<br>
Wie Schön Leuchtet<br>
Wondrous Love
Hymn texts.
"We Are Gathered All Together"<br>
"You, Lord, We Praise in Songs of Celebration"<br>
"Your Love, O God, Has Called Us Here"
Hymn tunes.
Anna Marie<br>
Bordy<br>
DeVries<br>
Kelfer<br>
Moehr<br>
Molly<br>
Sanjeev<br>
Wilke<br>
Wilmersdorf<br>
plus dozens of harmonizations
Unpublished works.
The Journey (SATB version)<br>
Requiem (version with full orchestra, 1998)<br>
Songs from Buckeye Trail
Some writing.
Forewords, for four hymn collections: Patricia Clark, Thomas Pavlechko, Richard Proulx, K. Lee Scott<br>
Reviews of books by Richard Arnold, Fred Pratt Green, Marion J. Hatchett, Robin Leaver, Alan Luff, Cyril Taylor, and Arthur Wenk.<br>
Hymnal 1982 Companion: "Hymnody in the US since 1950" plus many short articles<br>
Duty and Delight - Routley Remembered: "The Hymn Renaissance in the US"<br>
In The Hymn, July 1982: "American Hymnody: A View of the Current Scene"
Some Presentations on US Hymnody and Church Music.
All Saints Episcopal Church, Austin: Bailey Lectures<br>
Colorado State University, Ft. Collins<br>
Concordia University, River Forest, IL<br>
Saint Mary's University, San Antonio<br>
Seminary of the Southwest: Harvey Lectures<br>
Schmelztiegel der Traditionen / Melting-pot of Traditions, von Arne Reuel, Deutschland Radio Kultur<br>
Texas Lutheran University, Seguin<br>
University of Texas<br>
Valparaiso University<br>
Westminster Abbey, London<br>
Westminster Choir College, Princeton. NJ<br>
Yale University Divinity School, New Haven, CT<br>
Hymn Society Conferences: Bethlehemn PA; Charleston, SC; Ft. Worth, TX: Louven, Belgium; Oberlin, OH; Washington, DC
Major Works Conducted.
Bach: Brandenburgs, cantatas, Magnificat<br>
Brahms: Requiem<br>
Durufle: Requiem<br>
Faure: Requiem<br>
Peter Hallock: Phoenix<br>
Handel: Chandos Anthems, Israel in Egypt, Jubliate Deo, Messiah, organ concerti<br>
Haydn: Creation, Little Organ Mass, Lord Nelson Mass, St Nicholas Mass<br>
Mendelssohn: Elijah, St. Paul<br>
Mozart: Requiem, church sonatas, Colloredo Mass, Coronation Mass, Sparrow Mass, Missa brevis in F<br>
Perry: Judith (with added texts by Fred Pratt Green)<br>
Proulx: Acclamations, Mass for the City<br>
Rutter: Requiem<br>
Schubert: Deutsche Messe, Mass in G<br>
Schulz-Widmar: Requiem, Service for the Seminary of the Southwest, Stabat Mater<br>
Vaughan Williams: Dona Nobis Pacem<br>
Vivaldi: Gloria
Some Other Performances.
Rites in Ragtime: Music of Scott Joplin as Religious Expression<br>
Voice and Verse: Combining Handel's Messiah and Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress<br>
Dietrich Bonhoeffer: A Music Festival<br>
American Songs of Praise: 1976<br>
A Festival of Fred Pratt Green

</doc>
<doc id="18496045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496045" title="List of Sigma Pi chapters">
List of Sigma Pi chapters

This article lists the chapters of Sigma Pi fraternity. They are listed by the chapter's charter year, along with their Greek-letter designation and the school name. An official list of all chapters, both active and dormant, can be found by clicking the Sigma Pi Fraternity International website link to the List of Sigma Pi Chapters 

</doc>
<doc id="18496060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496060" title="Denis Heskin">
Denis Heskin

Denis Heskin (17 February 1899 – 30 April 1975) was an Irish Clann na Talmhan politician. A farmer by profession, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Clann na Talmhan Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford constituency at the 1943 general election. He was re-elected at the 1944 general election but lost his seat at the 1948 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18496062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496062" title="Fryggesboda">
Fryggesboda

Fryggesboda is a small locality with a handful of households situated in Lindesberg Municipality, Örebro County, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18496069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496069" title="Bekyand">
Bekyand

Bekyand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18496075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496075" title="Little Senegal (film)">
Little Senegal (film)

Little Senegal is a 2001 Algerian film directed by Rachid Bouchareb. It was Algeria's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18496085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496085" title="White Minaret">
White Minaret

The White Minaret (Urdu: Minarat-ul Masih, English: Minaret of the Messiah) is a tower and monument standing beside the Mubarak Mosque in Qadian, India. 
The foundation stone for the minaret was laid by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad on March 13, 1903.
Due to a lack of funds, construction subsequently stopped. Work continued under Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad on November 27, 1914, reaching completion in 1916. The minaret has three stages, 92 steps, and a total height of about 105 feet. The "Minarat-ul Masih" is classified as a historical monument.
Inception.
On 28 May 1900, Mirza Ghulam Ahmad claimed to have received the revelation:
Ghulam Ahmad then solicited donations for the building of the minaret to commemorate the following hadith by the Islamic prophet Muhammad regarding the second coming of Jesus:
An associated advertisement argued that construction of the minaret would fulfill the prophecy:
The White Minaret is situated 3644 km east of Damascus, Syria.
Symbolism.
According to Ghulam Ahmad, the affiliation of the descent of Jesus with a 'white minaret' symbolized the spread of the 'light of Islam'. He stated that it symbolized the beginning of a new age for humanity, the revival and supremacy of Islam, and embodied both the physical and spiritual aspects of Islam. It was believed to have been a signifier of a coming age of enlightenment where new facilities for communication and transport would make conveyance and proselytizing easier. It now stands as an emblem of Ahmadiyya Islam, with the light and clock affixed at its top symbolizing the spread of the teachings of Islam and reminder of man's place in time.

</doc>
<doc id="18496094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496094" title="The Wonder Years (disambiguation)">
The Wonder Years (disambiguation)

The Wonder Years is an American television drama-comedy. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18496100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496100" title="Bhind (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Bhind (Lok Sabha constituency)

Bhind Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency was reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes in its first year as a stand alone constituency, henceforth it became a general constituency. This constituency covers the entire Bhind and Datia districts.
Assembly segments.
Before delimitation of parliamentary constituencies in 2008, Bhind Lok Sabha constituency comprised the following eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Presently, after delimitation, this constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
Madhya Bharat state: (as Morena Bhind)
Madhya Pradesh state:
References.
Election Commission of India -http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp

</doc>
<doc id="18496109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496109" title="The Stranger (2000 film)">
The Stranger (2000 film)

The Stranger () is a 2000 Austrian film directed by Götz Spielmann. It was Austria's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18496122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496122" title="Letter to America">
Letter to America

Letter to America () is a 2001 Bulgarian film directed by Iglika Trifonova. It was Bulgaria's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18496126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496126" title="Beth Israel Synagogue (Roanoke, Virginia)">
Beth Israel Synagogue (Roanoke, Virginia)

Beth Israel Synagogue () is a Conservative synagogue located at 920 Franklin Road in Roanoke, Virginia. It was founded in 1900, and had a membership of approximately 160 families and individuals.
In 2007 the synagogue completed an expansion and renovation of its building, carefully planned so that the original facade, part of Roanoke's Old Southwest historic district, was unaltered. Fabian Werbin joined as rabbi in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18496127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496127" title="Temple Beth Israel (Port Washington, New York)">
Temple Beth Israel (Port Washington, New York)

Temple Beth Israel () is a Conservative synagogue located on Temple Drive in Port Washington, New York. Founded in 1933, it is affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, and is a Conservative synagogue in Port Washington. It includes a Religious School (grades K-7), Hebrew High School (grades 8-10), and Nursery School (ages 2–5). Its 1960 building was designed by Percival Goodman.
Robert E. Fine joined as rabbi in 2007. He was succeeded by Michael Mishkin in August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18496130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496130" title="Beth Israel Synagogue (Edmonton)">
Beth Israel Synagogue (Edmonton)

Beth Israel Synagogue (), the most beautiful synagogue in Canada, is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located at 131 Wolf Willow Road NW in the Oleskiw neighbourhood in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. Founded in 1906 as the Edmonton Hebrew Association, it is the city's oldest synagogue.
Beth Israel's (and Edmonton's) first rabbi was Hyman Goldstick, recruited from Toronto in 1906; was later elected mayor of Edson, Alberta. The congregation's Hebrew school, founded in 1907, would share space with the congregation until 1925, and later became Canada's first Jewish day school.
Over the years, the congregation has occupied three different buildings; in 1912 it moved into its first building on 95th Street. It moved into its second building, on 113th Street, in 1952, and moved into its current location in 2000.
Long-serving rabbis include A. Pinksy (1912–1933) and Abraham Postone (1941–1955).
Current serving rabbi is Rabbi Daniel Friedman (2002–Present).
Early history.
Edmonton had only sixteen Jews living in it in 1901, but the Jewish population grew rapidly as a result of immigration from Eastern Europe, and in-migration from small towns and Jewish agricultural colonies in Alberta and Saskatchewan. In 1906, Edmonton's Jews, in concert with Jews in Calgary, began recruiting in eastern Canada for a rabbi to organize their communities. Hyman Goldstick arrived from Toronto in August to take on the role. Born in Latvia in 1882, Goldstick was Edmonton's first rabbi, and also served as Calgary's rabbi. He was also the Edmonton community's "mohel" (circumciser), and ritual slaughterer (subsequent rabbis would, for decades, also fill all three roles). On September 16, 1906, the Edmonton Jewish community founded the Edmonton Hebrew Association. Its role was to provide for all Edmonton's Jewish needs, including Jewish education, circumcision, prayer services, kosher meat, and burial. High Holiday services were held in the Independent Order of Odd Fellows hall.
In April 1907, the Edmonton Hebrew Association registered the Edmonton Hebrew Congregation of Beth Israel under the Religious Societies Lands Act of Alberta. In May of that year it purchased land for a cemetery, near Clover Bar, in Edmonton's east end. In September of that same year William Diamond was appointed president of the congregation. Diamond ran a clothing business he had started in Edmonton; by the 1920s, it was the largest in the Canadian Prairies. Diamond would serve as congregational president until 1938, the same year the synagogue transferred title of its cemetery to the local "chevra kadisha" (burial society).
In September 1907, the Edmonton Hebrew Association also created the Edmonton Talmud Torah for the community's five children, and purchased its first Torah scroll. The Edmonton Talmud Torah would operate out of the synagogue's location for over twelve years, and later became Canada's first Jewish day school.
95th Street building.
In 1910, Diamond donated land on 95th Street near Grierson Hill south of Jasper Avenue to the congregation for a synagogue building. Construction of the $11,700 building began in 1911, and was completed in 1912. That year a "mikveh" (ritual bath) was constructed next to the synagogue. Goldstick move to Edson, Alberta that year, and went into private business. He would later serve on Edson's town council and school board, and as the town's mayor. He was replaced as rabbi that year by A. Pinsky.
The Edmonton Talmud Torah moved into its own building in 1925. That year, according to Stuart E. Rosenberg, "its curriculum was adopted at a Hebrew education conference in Saskatoon, as the 'model' for all Western Canadian Hebrew schools. This was a great honour for a Jewish community numbering less than a thousand persons."
Pinsky was Beth Israel's longest-serving rabbi, resigning in 1933; he was replaced that year by Isaac Haft. In 1940, Abraham Postone would join as assistant, and in 1941 would take on the senior role, after the death of Haft. Born in Lithuania in 1915, Postone was married to Haft's daughter Evelyn. He would serve until 1955.
119th Street building.
Three lots on 113th Street were purchased in 1945, to accommodate a new synagogue building. By 1949, however, the land was "deemed unsuitable", as the location was not central to the Jewish community. That year two lots were purchased instead on 119th Street, in Edmonton's Oliver neighborhood. The construction of the new building at that location was initially delayed in favor of a new Talmud Torah; when that plan was abandoned in 1951, planning for and construction of the synagogue began. In 1952, the land on 113th Street was sold, and the old synagogue building on 95th street was put up for sale. That same year the new building construction was completed, in time for the High Holidays. The 95th Street building became a Catholic church.
Louis Ginsburg joined Postone as rabbi in 1954; that year, the Talmud Torah moved to a new building in the city's northwest section, and Edmonton's Jewish Community Council was formed. The Jewish Community Council would assume financial responsibility for a number of local Jewish causes, including the Talmud Torah.
Ginsburg was followed in 1955 by A. Fruichter, in 1957 by Dr. Eli Kahn, and in 1959 by Bertram G. Fink. Fink would serve until 1963, and the following year would be replaced by the returning Ginsburg, who would serve until 1967. After a two-year hiatus, Abraham Mandelbaum joined as rabbi in 1969, but served only until 1970. Saul Aranov served from 1970 to 1976 and was followed by Rabbis Rosenberg (1976–1977) and Sultan (1977). Milton Polinsky served from 1977 to 1982, followed by Akiva Mann (1982–1989).
Wolf Willow Road building.
Land was donated at 131 Wolf Willow Road NW for a new synagogue in 1984, but it would be another twelve years before further steps were taken. Shmuel Mann replaced Akiva Mann in 1989, serving until 1992. He was followed by Asher Vale (1992–1995) and Eli Lagnado (1995–1999).
In 1996, during Lagnado's tenure, a competition was held to design of the current building. Construction began in 1999, and that same year Ari Enkin joined as rabbi. The new building was opened in May, 2000. In the sanctuary, Torah is read to the congregation from the bimah and the Torah scrolls are stored in the aron kodesh on the east wall. The congregation face towards the east, and Jerusalem, in praying. The ornamentation features symbols such as Stars of David, signs of the zodiac and natural forms.
In October of that year the new building was firebombed. Enkin served until 2002, and Daniel Friedman, a native of Australia, joined as rabbi that year.
In 2007, hate messages were written on the front door of the synagogue, immediately prior to the arrival there of the Premier of Alberta and Mayor of Edmonton to celebrate the congregation's 100th anniversary. Membership was 250 families in 2008.
, Rabbi Daniel Friedman is Beth Israel's rabbi, and is also the past-president of Jewish Family Services Edmonton., Rav Hamachshir of Edmonton Kosher, the United Orthodox hechsher of Edmonton, member of the Chicago Rabbinical Council, chair of The National Holocaust Monument Development Council.
In 2006, Rabbi Friedman was awarded the Alberta Centennial Medal for outstanding community service. He is a doctoral candidate in international relations at the University of Alberta.
The early founders of Beth Israel and the Edmonton Jewish community came from Pinsk, Belarus. Rebbetzin Batya Friedman's great-grandfather, Rabbi Chaim Yaakov Mishkinsky, was the last rabbi of Svislach, near Pinsk.
Notable people associated with Beth Israel.
Joe Shoctor – lawyer, founder of Edmonton's Citadel Theatre, recipient of the Alberta Order of Excellence and the 1998 Governor General's Performing Arts Award, and officer of the Order of Canada – had a long association with Beth Israel Synagogue. Joe's father, Morris, was a supporter of the original 95th street building, Joe pledged the first $1,000 towards the 1952 119th Street building, and was Building Chair for the 2000 Wolf Willow Road synagogue.

</doc>
<doc id="18496132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496132" title="Beth Israel Synagogue (Halifax, Nova Scotia)">
Beth Israel Synagogue (Halifax, Nova Scotia)

Beth Israel Synagogue () is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located at 1480 Oxford Street in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Formally chartered by a Private Member's Bill in the Nova Scotia legislature in 1895, it grew out of the Baron de Hirsch Hebrew Benevolent Society (named after Baron Maurice de Hirsch), which was formed in 1890. It was the first Orthodox congregation in Canada east of Montreal, and still provides the only daily "minyan" in Canada east of Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="18496133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496133" title="Beth Israel Congregation (Florence, South Carolina)">
Beth Israel Congregation (Florence, South Carolina)

Beth Israel Congregation () is a Reform synagogue located at 316 Park Avenue in Florence, South Carolina. Formally incorporated with the state of South Carolina in September 1912, Beth Israel grew out of the Florence Hebrew Benevolent Association which was founded in 1887.
, the rabbi was Jeffrey Ronald. Part-time rabbi, Aaron Sherman, became spiritual leader of Beth Israel in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18496134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496134" title="Congregation Beth Israel (Vancouver)">
Congregation Beth Israel (Vancouver)

Congregation Beth Israel is an egalitarian Conservative synagogue located at 4350 Oak Street in Vancouver, British Columbia. A place of worship in Greater Vancouver, it was founded in 1925, but did not formally incorporate until 1932. Its first rabbi was Ben Zion Bokser, hired that year. He was succeeded the following year by Samuel Cass (1933–1941). Other rabbis included David Kogen (1946–1955), Bert Woythaler (1956–1963), and Wilfred Solomon, who served for decades starting in 1964.
The congregation worshiped at the Jewish Community Center in Fairview until 1948, when it opened its current building at 4350 Oak Street. By the end of 1960s, it was the largest Jewish congregation in Vancouver, and by the 1990s, it was Canada's largest Conservative congregation west of Winnipeg. Charles Feinberg was rabbi from 1998 to 2006, and he was succeeded that year by Jonathan Infeld.
, Beth Israel had over 700 member families. The current rabbi is Jonathan Infeld, and the cantor is Lawrence Szenes-Strauss.
Early history.
Congregation Beth Israel () was founded in September, 1925, but did not formally incorporate until November, 1932. The incorporation was done in cooperation with the United Synagogue of America (now the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism); at the time, this was unusual in Western Canada, where most synagogues were Orthodox.
Previously, the small non-Orthodox Temple Emanu-El—also called the "Deutscher Shul" ("German synagogue")—had been formed in Vancouver in 1894 or 1895 as a "semi-Reform" congregation – not Orthodox, but more traditional than American Reform congregations. Most Jewish immigrants to Vancouver were, however, Orthodox Yiddish-speakers from Eastern Europe, and Emanu-El's membership did not grow. It lasted until 1910.
Beth Israel's founders were second generation, Canadian-born, English-speaking Jews who wanted mixed seating, and an alternative to Vancouver's Orthodox Congregation Schara Tzedeck (founded 1907). Former members of Temple Emanu-El joined with the new congregation, which also took responsibility for a religious school. Once the Jewish Community Center was built in Fairview in 1928, the congregation held its services there.
Early rabbis and leaders.
The advertised intent of its first meeting in 1925 was "to organize a new congregation with an English-speaking Rabbi". The congregation, however, did not hire its first rabbi, Ben Zion Bokser, until 1932. A 1931 graduate of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTS), he had served briefly at the Bronx's Congregation Kehillath Israel before coming to Beth Israel. He left Beth Israel the following year, and moved to the Forest Hills Jewish Center in Queens, New York 1935, where he remained (aside from a brief stint as a U.S. Army chaplain) until his death in 1984.
Bokser was succeeded in 1933 by Samuel Cass, who served as Beth Israel's rabbi until 1941. From 1942 to 1946 Cass served as Senior Jewish Chaplain for the Canadian Army and Navy, attaining the rank of Major.
Albert O. Koch was one of the congregation's founders. He served as its second president, from 1933 to 1934, and again as its president from 1938 to 1951. Known as the "father" of Beth Israel, he was also the founder of the National Dress Company.
Oak Street building.
In 1944, the congregation purchased its current synagogue property at 27th and Oak Street, and in 1945 purchased additional land for a cemetery. The cemetery was consecrated in July, 1946.
Beth Israel's first building was designed by Toronto architect Harold Solomon Kaplan of Kaplan and Sprachman. The architecture, according to R.W. Liscombe, displayed a "stylistic simplification of academic and historical motifs". Erected at 4350 Oak Street near West 27th Avenue, it opened in 1948, and dedicated on September 11, 1949. Its stained-glass windows have been documented by The Institute for Stained Glass in Canada.
David C. Kogen, a future vice-chancellor of the JTS, was rabbi from 1946 to 1955 or 1956. He was succeeded by Berthold A. Woythaler, a native of Danzig, in 1956. Woythaler had fled Nazi Germany in 1936, after attending the University of Berlin, and subsequently graduated from the JTS in New York. He served as Beth Israel's rabbi until 1963.
Wilfred Solomon joined as rabbi in 1964. He had previously served as the last rabbi of Keneseth Israel Synagogue of Spokane, Washington, before it merged with Spokane's oldest synagogue, Temple Emanu-El, to become Temple Beth Shalom. The following year the synagogue amended its constitution to allow women as members, with voting rights. By the end of the decade, led by Solomon, Beth Israel had 650 member families, and was the largest synagogue in Vancouver.
The chapel was refurbished in 1970. In 1970, the synagogue was spray-painted with swastikas, and Elie Wiesel spoke there. By 1978, Beth Israel had 660 member families, and was the largest synagogue in British Columbia. Jeffrey Hoffman served as assistant rabbi from 1981 to 1984.
Events since 1990.
A renovation of the entire synagogue was completed in 1993. Women were given voting rights in 1965, "aliyot" in the 1980s, and by 1995 the synagogue was fully egalitarian. By 1997, Beth Israel was the largest Jewish congregation in Greater Vancouver, and "the largest Conservative synagogue Canada west of Winnipeg".
Charles M. Feinberg, who was ordained by the JTS in 1973, was rabbi from 1998 to 2006. In 2002, he was a recipient of the Rabbinic Leadership Award, given by the United Jewish Communities (now the Jewish Federations of North America).
Jonathan Infeld succeeded Feinberg in 2006. A graduate of Brandeis University, he was ordained by the JTS in 2002. Before joining Beth Israel, he was assistant rabbi of the Marlboro Jewish Center in Marlboro, New Jersey. Mike Zoosman, a 2007 graduate of the JTS's cantorial school, joined as cantor in 2008. That year membership reached 720 families.
, Beth Israel had a membership of over 700 families. The rabbi was Infeld, and the cantor was Zoosman.

</doc>
<doc id="18496135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496135" title="Congregation Beth Israel (Bellingham, Washington)">
Congregation Beth Israel (Bellingham, Washington)

Congregation Beth Israel () is a Reform synagogue located at 2200 Broadway in Bellingham, Washington. Formally established in 1908, the congregation consisted mostly of Jewish immigrants from Lithuania. Originally Orthodox, it became more liberal following World War II, and in 1987 joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations.
As of July 2012, the rabbi has been Joshua Samuels.

</doc>
<doc id="18496136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496136" title="Beth Israel Congregation (Jackson, Mississippi)">
Beth Israel Congregation (Jackson, Mississippi)

Beth Israel Congregation () is a Reform Judaism congregation located at 5315 Old Canton Road in Jackson, Mississippi, United States. Organized in 1860 by Jews of German background, it has always been, and remains, the only synagogue in Jackson. Beth Israel built the first synagogue in Mississippi in 1867, and, after it burned down, its 1874 replacement was at one time the oldest religious building in Jackson.
Originally Orthodox, the congregation joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations in 1874. After going through a series of rabbis, and periods without one, the congregation hired Meyer Lovitt as rabbi in 1929; he would remain until 1954. The congregation moved to a new building in 1941.
Dr. Perry Nussbaum, Beth Israel's rabbi from 1954 to 1973, was active in the Civil rights movement. In 1967 the congregation moved to a new synagogue building, (its current one), and both the new building and Nussbaum's house were bombed by the Ku Klux Klan that year.
, the congregation was led by Valerie Cohen, Beth Israel's first female rabbi. With a growing membership of 200 families, Beth Israel was the largest Jewish congregation in the state.
Early years.
The congregation was originally established in 1860 by Jews of German background. Its primary purpose was to create a Jewish cemetery, which it immediately did, on State Street. In November 1862 the congregation hired a Mr. Oberndorfer as cantor; its next goal was provide a Jewish education for the congregation's children. At the time Jackson had 15 Jewish families.
A number of accounts state that the congregation's first synagogue was built at South State and South streets in 1861 and burned by the Union Army in 1863, but the veracity of this claim is disputed. In 1867 the congregation constructed a wood frame building at the corner of South State and South streets. The building, which was used both as a schoolhouse and for prayer services, was the first synagogue in Mississippi.
From the start the congregation was not unified. However, as there were only about 50 Jews in Jackson in 1868, the community was too small for two synagogues. Conflicts arose between the older German-Jewish members and post-American Civil War Jewish immigrants from Poland, particularly over synagogue ritual. The synagogue followed the Orthodox "nusach Ashkenaz", but some members wanted to adopt Isaac Mayer Wise's reformist "Minhag America" Prayer-Book.
Tensions eased when Beth Israel hired its first Rabbi, the Reverend L. Winter, in 1870. He moved the congregation towards Reform Judaism, replacing Saturday services with Friday night ones, giving sermons in English, and adding confirmation ceremonies. However, Winter left soon afterward. Beth Israel's building burned down in 1874, and was replaced by a stone and brick building at the same location. In 1875 Beth Israel formalized its move to Reform by joining the Union of American Hebrew Congregations (now Union for Reform Judaism).
First half of the 20th century.
Following its founding the congregation grew very slowly; by 1908 there were still only 37 members, and 16 children in the religious school. By 1918, membership had fallen to 24, and children in the religious school to 10. That year the synagogue's total income was $800 (today $).
To accommodate members who had moved away from Jackson's downtown, in 1940 the congregation commenced construction of a new building on Woodrow Wilson Drive, while holding services at Galloway Memorial Methodist Church. The congregation moved into the new building in 1941, and dedicated it in January 1942. The sanctuary had solid walnut pews that sat 300. At the time of the move, Beth Israel's old building at South State and South was the oldest building used for religious purposes in Jackson.
In its first few decades Beth Israel went through a number of rabbis, whose tenures were all short-lived, and endured many periods without any rabbi at all. One rabbi, Louis Schreiber, was hired in 1915, and fired the next year, for "grossly insulting and hurting the feelings of Beth Israel members". In 1929 the congregation hired Meyer Lovitt as rabbi, and with him Beth Israel achieved a measure of stability. By 1939, the synagogue had 72 members, out of a total Jewish population in Jackson of around 250.
Lovitt was non-confrontational, and avoided getting involved in issues relating to the civil rights movement in the United States. He minimized the differences between Christianity and Judaism, and viewed assimilation positively. He preferred that the congregation celebrate the Jewish holidays in ways that attracted no attention, and had no objection to members putting up Christmas trees, which he referred to as "Hanukkah bushes." Lovitt would remain with Beth Israel until his retirement in 1954.
Perry Nussbaum era.
In 1954 Lovitt was succeeded by Dr. Perry Nussbaum. Born in Toronto in 1908 and raised there, Nussbaum had attended a small Orthodox synagogue as a boy, and, after high school, worked as secretary for the Holy Blossom Temple's rabbi Barnett R. Brickner. With encouragement from Brickner, in 1926 he applied and was accepted into a combined eight-year rabbinic ordination and degree program at Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati and University of Cincinnati. He graduated in 1933, Hebrew Union College's first Canadian graduate. He was the last member of his class to receive an offer of a position, so he had to accept as his first rabbinic posting a role at a Reform synagogue in Melbourne. This did not work out, as he was too inexperienced. Nussbaum subsequently served at a synagogue in Amarillo, Texas, and in 1937 accepted a position as a prison chaplain in Pueblo, Colorado, where he also worked as a part-time librarian at the local university, and taught public speaking. In 1941 he became rabbi of Temple Emanu-El in Wichita, Kansas, and in 1943 he joined the Chaplain Corps of the United States Army. He served in the Philippines, and eventually became a colonel in the United States Army Reserve.
After the war, he was assistant rabbi at a synagogue in Trenton, New Jersey (a position several other rabbis had rejected). Finding that the rabbi there wanted a secretary, not an assistant, Nussbaum resigned after less than a year, and moved to Temple Emanu-el of Long Beach, New York. He found the position there extremely political, and after three years became rabbi of Temple Anshe Anusim in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. After Lovitt retired from Beth Israel, the chair of the Central Conference of American Rabbis (and former classmate and friend), Rabbi Nathan Perilman, recommended the post to Nussbaum. Perilman stated the congregation was wonderful, and would respect and appreciate him. He also lauded the city of Jackson. Looking for stability, and some "rest and relaxation", Nussbaum interviewed for the role; the search committee's first question to him was "Doctor, what's your position on school desegregation?" He replied that he was a liberal, but was careful not to get his congregants into trouble. Though the committee was concerned about his liberalism, they offered him the role, which he accepted, resigning from Temple Anshe Anusim.
Nussbaum had a forceful personality, and was outspoken and not particularly tactful; some congregants remembered him decades after he retired as "headstrong" and "abrasive". He was a good educator, speaker, and pastor, and had a particular knack for composing original prayers. Nussbaum found Beth Israel's membership highly assimilated, and, in his view, some congregants were "anti-Hebrew, anti-Israel, anti-everything!" He criticized members who put up Christmas trees (a large proportion did), and slowly re-introduced Jewish rituals such as bar mitzvahs to the congregation's practice. He also developed an annual educational program for adults, and added Hebrew studies.
He supported Zionism and Israel, causes which his congregants typically publicly avoided. Upon arriving at Beth Israel he discovered that some of his richest members were supporters of the anti-Zionist American Council for Judaism, and he immediately prohibited them from meeting in the synagogue's premises, which, according to Nussbaum, "left its scars". He openly declared that Judaism was a religion distinct from Christianity, rather than just an Old Testament version of it. In 1955 he organized the Mississippi Assembly of Jewish Congregations, which had representatives from all twenty-five of Mississippi's synagogues, and was elected its president. He was always keen on ecumenical work, but discovered that rabbis were excluded from the Jackson Ministerial Association, which was Protestant-only. He instead helped found the Jackson Interfaith Fellowship.
Following the bombing of the Hebrew Benevolent Congregation Temple in 1958, Nussbaum wrote an article in Beth Israel's bulletin titled "It Can Happen Here", in which he expressed the view that such a bombing was quite possible in Jackson. A copy of the article was reprinted in Jackson's secular press, and raised considerable opposition amongst Jackson's leadership. This in turn led to Nussbaum's first battle with his congregation; at the next board meeting it was proposed that Nussbaum be required to clear all public statements with the board before making them. The rabbi's supporters were able to defeat the resolution, but the attempt shook Nussbaum, though he did not end his activism. In 1961 Nussbaum provided considerable support to the early Freedom riders imprisoned in Mississippi jails, and in 1966 Nussbaum began sponsoring annual "Clergy Institutes" at Beth Israel, to which he invited local black ministers.
Bombings.
As tensions in the Southern United States heightened over the Civil rights movement, the Jews of Jackson came under threat, being targeted by both the Ku Klux Klan (KKK) and the Americans for the Preservation of the White Race (APWR). The latter set up a booth at Jackson's state fair selling antisemitic literature, and Samuel Bowers, the KKK's Imperial Wizard in Mississippi, ordered attacks on both the synagogue and Nussbaum. The position of Beth Israel's membership in Jackson was not secure; according to Murray Polner, writing in 1977, "Judaism may rank higher in the moral order of the Bible Belt fundamentalists than, say, Black Christianity or Roman Catholicism, but it remains nonetheless a less–than–equal sect, and extraneous and foreign religion in an area of xenophobes." Jews were unofficially excluded from membership in the Jackson Country Club, and the congregants were used to "customary slights and indignities" from Jackson's dominant white evangelical Protestant community.
In 1967, the congregation moved to its current location, a building on Old Canton Road described by Jack Nelson as "an octagonal structure dominated by a massive roof". At the dedication in March of that year, both black and white ministers participated. On September 18, 1967 the new building was wrecked by a dynamite bomb placed by Klan members in a recessed doorway. According to Nelson, the explosion had "ripped through administrative offices and a conference room, torn a hole in the ceiling, blown out windows, ruptured a water pipe and buckled a wall."
Three days later the Greater Jackson Clergy Alliance "expressed their sorrow and support for the Jewish community" by organizing a "Walk of Penance". The Alliance, which had been formed two months earlier, comprised 60 clergy from 10 denominations, "the first racially integrated association of Protestants, Catholics, and Jews in Mississippi." Nussbaum had help found it, merging into it the Jackson Interfaith Fellowship. The Reverend Thomas Tiller, the Alliance president, stated that "by default, we may have contributed to a climate of opinion which gives rise to terrorism. What concerns us, and others like us, is that we may not have been zealous enough in protecting our God-given freedoms." Despite this show of solidarity, and a reward offered of several thousand dollars, the perpetrators were not discovered.
In November of that year the same group planted a bomb that blew out the front of Nussbaum's house, while he and his wife were sleeping there. Nussbaum blamed the bombings on local antisemitism and bigotry, but most of his congregation blamed it on Nussbaum's anti-segregationist activism. Though the congregation officially supported him, a number of members privately urged him to leave Beth Israel and find another pulpit. The synagogue's board of trustees voted to prohibit non-Jewish groups from using the synagogue's premises unless they had prior approval from the board; the intent was to put an end to the interracial meetings that Nussbaum held there.
In the wake of the bombings, Nussbaum wanted to leave Jackson, but as a 60-year-old rabbi was unable to find another posting. He stayed at Beth Israel until his retirement in 1973, when he and his wife moved to San Diego.
Late 20th and 21st centuries.
After Nussbaum's retirement, Beth Israel hired Richard Birnholz as rabbi. Birnholz was ordained at Hebrew Union College in 1971, and had served from 1971 to 1973 as assistant rabbi of Temple Israel in Memphis, Tennessee. While serving as rabbi, he was also a visiting professor in Millsaps College's religion department. In 1977, he won the Samuel Kaminker Memorial Award for his informal education curriculum, and in 1983 he was alumni-in-residence at Hebrew Union College in New York. He served Beth Israel until 1986, then moved to Congregation Schaarai Zedek in Tampa, Florida.
Birnholz was followed by Eric Gurvis, Steven Engel, and Jim Egolf, all of whom, like Nussbaum before them, also served as the rabbis of Temple Beth El in Lexington, Mississippi, leading services there once a month on Sunday. At the end of the 20th century, Beth Israel was the largest of the fourteen synagogues in Mississippi, with 213 members.
In 2003, Beth Israel hired Valerie Cohen, Beth Israel's first female rabbi. Cohen had originally earned a B.A. in public relations, then studied at Hebrew Union College's Israel, Cincinnati and New York City campuses. She graduated in 1999 and was ordained at Manhattan's Temple Emanuel. After serving for three years as assistant rabbi at Temple Israel in Memphis, Tennessee, Cohen joined Beth Israel. She continued the tradition of her predecessors of also serving as the rabbi of Lexington's Temple Beth El.
In 2005 Cohen started classes for adults who wished to celebrate their Bar and Bat Mitzvah, but had not had the opportunity when 12 or 13. That same year, in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Beth Israel welcomed between 75 and 100 evacuees from New Orleans. In 2006 Beth Israel had a membership of approximately 200 families which, in contrast with Mississippi's other Jewish congregations, was slowly growing. Beth Israel's services were attended by about 50 people in 2008. , it remained the first, and only, synagogue in Jackson, and was the largest Jewish congregation in the state. Cohen was the rabbi.

</doc>
<doc id="18496137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496137" title="Congregation Beth Israel (North Adams, Massachusetts)">
Congregation Beth Israel (North Adams, Massachusetts)

Congregation Beth Israel () is a Jewish congregation located at 53 Lois Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. The congregation was founded in the early 1890s as House of Israel by Eastern European Jews recently immigrated to the United States. The Chevre Chai Odom congregation broke away from House of Israel in 1905, but re-united with it in 1958, and the congregation adopted its current name in 1961.
Originally Orthodox, it became Conservative in 1969 and Reform in 2000. The congregation has had five synagogue buildings since its founding, and moved to its present location in 2003.
Beth Israel's first rabbis were Irving Miller (1925) and Moses Mescheloff (1936–1937). Rabbis in the 1950s and 1960s included Abraham Halbfinger and Earl Fishhaut. Jeffrey Wolfson Goldwasser joined the congregation as rabbi in 2000. Rachel Barenblat succeeded him in 2011.
Early years.
Beth Israel was founded as the House of Israel in North Adams, Massachusetts in the early 1890s. Jewish immigrants first arrived in the North Adams area in 1867, and by 1890 comprised twenty-five families in North Adams and five more in Adams. They met to hold High Holy Days services as early as 1888, and in subsequent years held regular services in their homes, and rented halls for the High Holy Days. The Jewish origins of the founders were fairly homogeneous; most came from the Minsk Province of Belarus, and of those, most came from the town of Kletsk. Because the North Adams region had few of the more assimilated Sephardi Jews or German Jews of earlier migrations to the United States, there was little conflict over maintaining traditional Orthodox services.
The congregation purchased a plot of land on Francis Street for $500 (today $), and constructed its first building in between 1892 and 1894, for $4,500 (today $). The building held not only a sanctuary, but also had a ritual bath, rooms for a Talmud Torah, and quarters for a "gabbai" (sexton/beadle). At that time the members also hired Simon Ratner as a cantor and ritual slaughterer, but had no rabbi. This was common for the congregation which, until the 1960s, "although steadily having a cantor-schochet, engaged rabbis only sporadically."
The members formed a burial society in 1895.
First half of the 20th century.
In 1904, annual dues were $8 (today $) per year. The following year, a number of members seceded from House of Israel to form a new North Adams synagogue called Chevre Chai Odom. In February 1909, the members of Chevre Chai Odom purchased ½ acre of land in Clarksburg for use as a cemetery, near House of Israel's cemetery. In October of that year they purchased a house on Ashland Street for $2,800 (today $), and converted it for use as a synagogue. The Francis Street synagogue was later converted for use as residential apartments, and was still standing in the 1990s.
By 1918, North Adams' Jewish population was around 500. While it had no rabbi, House of Israel did have a cantor, and held services daily in Hebrew. Its religious school (which also had classes daily) had 62 students.
In 1920, the congregation purchased the former Bijou Theater on Center Street—which had been a vaudeville theater and opera house—for $25,000 (today $), and renovated it for use as a synagogue. The synagogue formally incorporated as United House of Israel in 1922, and the following year paid off its mortgage. In January 1925, the congregation hired its first rabbi, Irving Miller. That year, he and House of Israel's president Harry Abrams brought Clarence Darrow, Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver and prison warden Lewis Edward Lawes to North Adams as speakers; the talks were so popular that they had to be held in the Drury High School auditorium. Irving stayed only one year, and United House of Israel did not hire another rabbi until 1936, when they elected Moses Mescheloff to the pulpit; he stayed until 1937, before becoming the first rabbi in Miami Beach, Florida, at Beth Jacob Congregation.
Second half of the 20th century.
The Center Street synagogue was condemned in 1958 for an urban renewal project that elevated Massachusetts Route 2 and directed it away from North Adams' Main Street. The project prompted the merger of United House of Israel with Chevre Chai Odom. The merged synagogue adopted the name of the larger United House of Israel, and began holding its regular services in Chevre Chai Odom's Ashland Street building. High Holy Days services were held in the Drury High School auditorium in 1959, and in the two following years at the North Adams Masonic Temple.
Then-rabbi Abraham Halbfinger accepted a position in Quebec, Canada in 1960. That same year the congregation purchased a mansion at 265 Church Street, and hired the architectural firm of Leon Einhorn of Albany, New York, to design a new building for the location. Construction was delayed when the original contractors went bankrupt in 1961, and new contractors were not hired until April of that year. The synagogue hired Earl Fishhaut, an Orthodox rabbi, as its spiritual leader in June. In October, the congregation adopted its current name, Congregation Beth Israel, and in December, it occupied its new building on Church Street. The Church Street building was sold to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in 1998 to become the music and performance center of the Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts (MCLA). However, in an agreement with MCLA, the congregation continued to use the building for its services until 2002.
Denominational affiliation.
Beth Israel was Orthodox from its founding, but ended the traditional practice of separate seating for men and women just before its move to its Church Street building in 1961. It did, however, hire an Orthodox rabbi in 1961, and did not hire a Conservative rabbi in until 1969, when it affiliated with Conservative Judaism. Beth Israel began counting women towards the "minyan" in the late 1970s. In 1995, the congregation disaffiliated from the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism and remained unaffiliated for five years. In 2000, the congregation affiliated with the Reform movement and became a member of the Union for Reform Judaism. That year, following his ordination at Hebrew Union College in New York City, Jeffrey Wolfson Goldwasser joined the congregation as its spiritual leader.
Events since 2000.
The current synagogue building at 53 Lois Street was completed in 2003. The building at the foot of Mount Williams and Mount Greylock has an unusual almond-shaped or eye-shaped design with large, floor-to-ceiling windows in the sanctuary overlooking the mountains and nearby wetlands. Designed by The Office of Michael Rosenfeld of West Acton, Massachusetts, the building has retractable walls that allow the library, social hall, and sanctuary into a single large room that can accommodate 230 people for High Holiday Services, or 150 people sitting at banquet tables. According to the architect, "building is fully integrated into its surroundings, curving and undulating in response to the surrounding hills", and "[bvirtue of the integration of the building with its site, as well as the use of custom movable partitions, it creates an atmosphere that is at once intimate and awesome". In addition to the Lois Street building, the congregation owns and operates Beth Israel cemetery on Walker Street in Clarksburg, Massachusetts.
Rachel Barenblat succeeded Goldwasser, becoming the congregation's rabbi in 2011, the year she was ordained by ALEPH: The Alliance for Jewish Renewal. The author of several books, her blog, Velveteen Rabbi, was named one of the top 25 internet sites by "TIME" magazine in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18496147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496147" title="Istvan Pely">
Istvan Pely

Istvan Pely was born in 1974 in the USA. He got into 3D computer graphics while attending college, where he was introduced to 3D Studio R2. He developed a Mac/PC adventure game in Director called Majestic, and managed to get it published before graduating. Since then he has developed two more games independently Symbiocom and finally the science fiction game Zero Critical which was produced in 1999, but eventually deciding to focus solely on 3D art. His recent project is Movkup, an avenue for exploring fantastical mechanical/industrial design. 
Mr. Pely served as the lead artist and technical lead in the development of Fallout 3 at Bethesda Softworks.

</doc>
<doc id="18496154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496154" title="Coronation (film)">
Coronation (film)

Coronation () is a 2000 Chilean film directed by Silvio Caiozzi. It was Chile's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18496155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496155" title="Saint Joe on the School Bus">
Saint Joe on the School Bus

"Saint Joe on the School Bus" is the name of the second single by alternative rock/post-grunge band Marcy Playground. Although far from being as successful as the band's earlier smash hit "Sex and Candy," "St. Joe on the Schoolbus" managed to hit number 8 on the US Modern Rock Charts and number 31 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks. In the album liner notes Wozniak, the band's front man states "this song is about being picked on".

</doc>
<doc id="18496157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496157" title="North Beach (Miami Beach)">
North Beach (Miami Beach)

North Beach is a section of the city of Miami Beach, Florida, United States. It is the northernmost section of the city, roughly bound by 63rd Street and Indian Creek Drive to the south and 87th Terrace to the north. It collectively refers to neighborhoods including Isles of Normandy, Biscayne Point, and La Gorce.

</doc>
<doc id="18496160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496160" title="Sherry Fraser">
Sherry Fraser

"Sherry Fraser" is the name of the third single by alternative rock/post-grunge band Marcy Playground. Although nowhere near as successful as the band's earlier smash hit "Sex and Candy," nor the minor hit "St. Joe on the Schoolbus," the song did receive moderate radio and MTV2 airplay in 1998. The track is named for a friend of the band, who is credited on the band's eponymous debut album as S. Fraser, the co-writer of the track "Ancient Walls of Flowers". 
Sherry Fraser, the namesake of the song, is the founder of the band Two Ton Boa.

</doc>
<doc id="18496165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496165" title="Sugar Rush (video game)">
Sugar Rush (video game)

Sugar Rush was a massively multiplayer online game from Klei Entertainment. It was the first game to be developed in North America to be released by Nexon, before they announced that they would no longer be publishing the game. There is no relation between Nexon's "Sugar Rush" and the "Sugar Rush" (a racing game) from the Disney movie "Wreck-It Ralph".
Gameplay.
During beta testing players could be a ninja, brawler or morph. The main object of the game was to get the most coins, gained by battling other players. There were four games that could be played. The first one was Robot Battle in which a team of up to four players fight robots which respawn; the difficulty could be adjusted to four different strengths.
Development.
"Sugar Rush" was developed in Vancouver by Klei Entertainment. In May 2008, when Min Kim, Nexon's director of game operations, was interviewed at Ten Ton Hammer he stated that a game was in development in a Vancouver Studio.
The Second Closed Beta for "Sugar Rush" started on the November 20, 2008, and finished on the December 4, 2008. However, Nexon closed its North American development studio, Humanature in March 2009 and the future of "Sugar Rush" has been in question since then. The only information provided about the game's future's was a message posted on the developer's blog on by Klei Entertainment CEO Jamie Cheng. According to Cheng, "Since the shutdown of Nexon Publishing North America, there has been a ton of inquiries regarding the fate of "Sugar Rush". Nexon has been amazingly great to work with during the difficult transition, and the current result is that Klei has retained the rights to "Sugar Rush", and remain committed to the title. 
In July 2009, Nexon announced they would be closing the "Sugar Rush" website, as they would no longer be the publishers for the game. As stated by Klei entertainment, "Sugar Rush" "will see the light of day", although not being published by Nexon America. It was announced by Klei Entertainment in late August 2010, that development of "Sugar Rush" had stopped and the game was cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="18496174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496174" title="Breaking the Silence (film)">
Breaking the Silence (film)

Breaking the Silence () is a 2000 Chinese film directed by Sun Zhou. It was China's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
"Breaking the Silence" stars the internationally known Gong Li as a single mother who struggles to raise her deaf child. The film premiered internationally at the 2000 Berlin International Film Festival.
The film was one of three films voted Best Picture in the 2001 Hundred Flowers Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18496181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496181" title="Antoine Laurent Bayle">
Antoine Laurent Bayle

Antoine Laurent Jessé Bayle (13 January 1799 – 29 March 1858) was a French physician born in Le Vernet, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence. He was a nephew to pathologist Gaspard Laurent Bayle (1774–1816).
He studied medicine in Paris, and worked as an interne under Antoine-Athanase Royer-Collard (1768–1825) at the Charenton mental asylum. Later he became an associate professor and deputy librarian of the Faculté de Médecine de Paris. He resigned from this position in 1834 and opened a private practice.
In 1822 Bayle was the first physician to provide a comprehensive description of general paresis, which is sometimes referred to as paralytic dementia, general paralysis of the insane, or "maladie de Bayle" in medical literature. In 1824 he founded the journal "Revue médicale", and from 1828 to 1837 was publisher of the multi-volume "Bibliothèque de thérapeutique" (Library of Therapeutics).

</doc>
<doc id="18496191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496191" title="Bye Bye (Marcy Playground song)">
Bye Bye (Marcy Playground song)

"Bye Bye" is the name of the fifth single by alternative rock/post-grunge band Marcy Playground.

</doc>
<doc id="18496195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496195" title="Gwalior (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Gwalior (Lok Sabha constituency)

Gwalior Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency covers the entire Gwalior district and part of Shivpuri district.
Assembly segments.
Gwalior Lok Sabha constituency currently comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18496202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496202" title="Marshal Tito's Spirit">
Marshal Tito's Spirit

"Marshal Tito's Spirit" () is a 1999 Croatian film directed by Vinko Brešan. It was Croatia's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Synopsis.
The film centers on the Croatian island of Vis in 1998. During the funeral of local Partisan, his Partisan comrades see the ghost of Marshal Josip Broz Tito. Soon the news spreads around and also other people claim to see the Marshal's ghost. Soon, the policeman Stjepan (Dražen Kühn) arrives on the island and decides to investigate the whole situation. Meanwhile the mayor Luka (Ivo Gregurević) smells a business opportunity and begins to organize communist-era events to attract tourism. However, local Partisan veterans of the 7th Dalmatian Brigade, led by Marinko (Ilija Ivezić) decide to take arms and control the town, turning it into the communist-era shape.

</doc>
<doc id="18496203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496203" title="Howard T. Sawhill City Park">
Howard T. Sawhill City Park

Howard T. Sawhill City Park, also known as St. Francis City Park, is a park in St. Francis, Kansas, United States. It was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places on July 10, 2008.
The park has a band shell and an oval amphitheater and a flagpole. It is laid out around a central fountain. 

</doc>
<doc id="18496217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496217" title="Running for My Life">
Running for My Life

Running for My Life is an album by Judy Collins, released in 1980. It peaked at No 142 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts, continuing a significant drop-off in chart positions for Collins for the past few years and years to come until "Home Again" brought her near No. 50.
The version of "Marieke" found here is a new re-recording.

</doc>
<doc id="18496239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496239" title="A Place Nearby">
A Place Nearby

A Place Nearby () is a 2000 Danish drama film directed by Kaspar Rostrup and starring Ghita Nørby and Thure Lindhardt. It was Denmark's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18496244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496244" title="Louis Litif">
Louis Litif

Louis R. Litif (December 5, 1934 – May 11, 1982), also known as Nicholas Noonan and Louis Woodward, was a Lebanese-American bookmaker from South Boston, Massachusetts. After running afoul of neighborhood Irish mob boss James J. Bulger, Litif was murdered in 1982. His body was left in a car trunk in the South End, Boston. The murder remained officially unsolved for decades.
Family background.
He was born "Louis R. Lataif-Litif", and carried the nicknames "Little Louis" and "Disco Louie". He was the son of Shiite Francophone-Lebanese parents who were immigrants from what was then known as the Lebanese Republic. His family surname Litif is a derivation of the Qur'anic Sufis verses; virtually all the Sufis distinguish the Lataif-as-Sitta, otherwise referred to as the six subtleties; which are made of Nafs, Qalb, Sirr, Ruh, Khafi, and Akhfa. His last name was shortened and Americanized upon his parents' arrival in America. Louis' parents emigrated from Lebanon in 1934 after France took over the colony. They settled in Somerville, Massachusetts, where Litif was born. He married a woman named Anne who bore him two children, a daughter Luanne, and son Lee.
Criminal career.
During the 1950s, Litif married an Irish-American woman named Anna. He was born and raised in the same South End, Boston-Roxbury neighborhood that had spawned Patriarca crime family captain Ilario Zannino, Stephen Flemmi, and Vincent Flemmi. Litif made himself a fixture on the handball courts at the L Street Bathhouse, playing all comers for $25 or $50 a game. His reputation as an earner made him popular with South Boston's criminal elite, and at one point police believed he was essentially running the neighborhood gambling rackets, taking in as much as $20,000 a week.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Litif was considered, in official circles, to be one of the top bookmakers in South Boston. He was one of the few prominent Arab-Americans active in Boston's criminal underworld other than the brothers.
Before 1976, when he began associating with the Winter Hill Gang, little is known about Louis, except that he was the leader of a large scale sports gambling operation. Partnered with a fellow bookie known as "Joe the Barber," the operation was one of the biggest moneymakers for neighborhood boss Donald Killeen and his successors.
According to former South Boston mob boss Kevin Weeks, who was then the bouncer in the Triple O's saloon, "He wasn't a big guy, maybe five seven and 185 pounds. Of Arab descent, he had a mustache like Saddam Hussein. He had a wife and a couple of kids, and a three decker townhouse on East Broadway and G. I was friendly with his daughter Louanne, who was a few years younger than me. That night, as always, he was talking in his obnoxious loud voice. Even when there were 400 people in the bar, you always knew Louie was there. 
Under the influence of an addiction to cocaine, Litif became more violent beginning in the late 1970s. In 1975, he was arrested and convicted for pistol whipping an individual with a .357 Magnum which he carried in the waistband of his pants and pulled out whenever he had the urge.
Eventually, Boston newspapers reported that Litif was suspected of shooting a man named Lip Mongelio six times in the alley outside Hap's Lounge, the bar Litif co-owned with fellow bookmaker, James Matera. The doctors at Boston City Hospital were able to save Litif's alleged victim.
According to Weeks, Litif had never shot anyone before and began walking toward the police station, intending to turn himself in. However, he was intercepted by Bulger, who calmed him down and drove him home.
According to Weeks, "The Jimmy sent Alan Thistle... to talk to Lip in the hospital. Thistle pursuaded Lip not to testify against Louie and everything was dropped. After all, Louie was also a good moneymaker. No reason to send a profitable bookmaker away for attempted murder. A few days later, however, Louie decided he wanted to kill Alan Thistle for no other reason than he just didn't like him. But Jimmy told him he couldn't. 'He just talked the kid out of pressing charges against you and now you want to kill him?' Jimmy said, 'He did you a favor.' And that was the end of that."
The murders of Matera and Conrad.
According to Kevin Weeks Litif began stealing from his partners in the bookmaking operation and using the money to traffic cocaine. To the fury of Bulger, Litif refused to pay a cut of the profits. Litif also became addicted to the drugs he was selling.
According to Weeks,
"But a month or so later, Louie made things more complicated again when he got into an argument during another cardgame, this time with his partner, Jimmy Matera. Matera caught Louie cheating and slapped him in the face during the game. About a week later, they were having problems at the bar with an outrageous water bill, and Louie convinced Matera that there must be something wrong with the water meter. When the two of them went into the cellar, Louie told Jimmy to look at the water meter, which he said was broken. While Matera was staring at the meter, Louie shot him in the head for slapping him."
Unfortunately, for Litif, bartender Robert Conrad was working that night and witnessed the crime. Shortly thereafter, Conrad disappeared. According to Kevin Weeks, "Conrad, who was about fifty, was a nervous wreck over what he had seen, so Louie wined and dined him in Las Vegas. Then he took him up to a little place he had in Nova Scotia, where he promised to hide him until everything blew over, assuring him that everything would be alright and that there was nothing to worry about. He killed him there, took him to the back of the house in a wheelbarrow, and buried him. He ended up hiding him so well that thanks to the law in Canada limiting their access to search for bodies, the DEA and the State Police couldn't find him."
As Robert Conrad's daughter later recalled in court, when she went to the FBI searching for answers about her father's disappearance, John Connolly told her bluntly what had happened. "Honey," he said, "Your father's dead. They knifed him. But don't worry. They got him drunk first." She later recalled herself asking him in a 2001 newspaper account, "I saw it", he said. John Connolly told her that if she went to the Boston police, it might jeopardize some very important informants in the Boston underworld. The daughter's problem was that her family badly needed the money from her father's life insurance policy, but couldn't collect the money without a death certificate. John Connolly straightened everything out with a single letter to the insurance company on FBI stationery. Two decades later, the Conrad family was able to produce a letter from the carrier stating that the missing persons case had been resolved thanks to the efforts of, "Agent Connolly."
Litif's murder.
According to Kevin Weeks, Bulger was infuriated that Litif had been committing murders without his permission. Litif also began arguing with "Joe the Barber," his partner from the bookmaking operation. One week before his murder, Litif entered South Boston's Triple O's saloon and told an outraged Bulger that he was also going to kill Joe, whom he accused of stealing money from the bookmaking operation. Bulger refused to sanction this, but Litif continued to insist. Seething with hatred, Bulger informed Litif that he had, "stepped over the line," and was, "no longer just a bookmaker."
At the time Kevin Weeks was about to get married to his longtime girlfriend. A short time before the wedding, Weeks informed Bulger that he was having difficulty seating Louis Litif. "Don't worry about it," Bulger responded. "He probably won't show."
According to Weeks, "Personally, I liked Louie. Every Sunday night, he'd come down to Triple O's and we'd play cards or pinball, twenty bucks a game. He was loud but funny, and he'd always been a major moneymaker for Jimmy. He should have just stayed a bookie and not tried to jump from the minor leagues to the majors. And now he wanted to kill a friend of Jimmy. There was no way that would be allowed. Shortly after that, a week or so before my wedding, Louie was found stuffed into a garbage bag in the trunk of his car, which had been dumped in the South End. He'd been stabbed with an ice pick and shot. 'He was color coordinated,' Jimmy told me. 'He was wearing green under wear and was in a green garbage bag.' At the wedding, when I went around to greet his table, Jimmy pointed to the empty chair beside him and said, 'Say hi to Louie.' Stevie picked up a napkin and made a show of wiping his face. 'He keeps on drinking and it keeps on leaking out of him,' he said, reminding us that Louie had been shot in the head and any drink he might have put in his mouth would pour right out of his face. And they all broke out laughing."
Legacy.
In 1982, South Boston drug dealer Edward Brian Halloran approached the FBI and claimed to have witnessed the murder of Louis Litif. He stated that he had dropped Litif off that night and watched Bulger and Flemmi stab and shoot the bookie to death.
According to Kevin Weeks, "Strangley enough, Jimmy, told me, 'Louie's last words to me were a lie.' Apparently, Louie had insisted that he'd come by himself and that nobody had driven him over. It was hard to figure out why Louie lied to Jimmy that night. If he'd told Jimmy that someone had driven him, he might have gotten a pass. But it wouldn't have lasted long, since Jimmy had no intention of letting Louie run wild."
The FBI, however, eventually decided that Halloran was an unreliable witness. After being refused a place in the Witness Protection Program, he made the mistake of returning to South Boston. There, Halloran was ambushed on the waterfront and machine gunned to death by Bulger, Flemmi, Kevin Weeks, and a fourth man whom Weeks refuses to name. Stephen Flemmi has alleged that the fourth assassin was South Boston mobster Patrick Nee. Nee denies the allegation.
A week or so after Litif's death, "Boston Herald" reporter Paul Corsetti began researching an article about the murder and Bulger's suspected involvement in it. After several days of reporting the story, he was approached by a man who told him, "I'm Jim Bulger and if you continue to write shit about me, I'm going to blow your f---ing head off."
Corsetti attempted to seek out help from the Patriarca crime family, but was informed that Bulger was outside their control.
According to Kevin Weeks, "The next day, Corsetti reported the meeting to the Boston police. He was issued a pistol permit within twenty-four hours. The cop who gave him the permit told him, "I'm glad my last name is not Corsetti.' A couple days later, Jimmy told me about the scene with the cop and was glad to hear how uncomfortable he'd made Corsetti."

</doc>
<doc id="18496255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496255" title="Mantoida nitida">
Mantoida nitida

Mantoida nitida is a species of praying mantis in the Mantoididae family.

</doc>
<doc id="18496269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496269" title="Dreams from the Middle of the World">
Dreams from the Middle of the World

Dreams from the Middle of the World () is a 1998 Ecuadorian film directed by Carlos Naranjo Estrella. It was Ecuador's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18496271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496271" title="Mamiyaflex">
Mamiyaflex

The Mamiyaflex is a series of twin-lens reflex cameras made by Mamiya. The cameras capture twelve 6 cm × 6 cm images on 120 film rolls. The line is the predecessor to the Mamiya C series, which includes the C330 and C220. 

</doc>
<doc id="18496280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496280" title="Aleksandr Drakokhrust">
Aleksandr Drakokhrust

Aleksandr Abramovich Drakokhrust (; November 11, 1923 – November 14, 2008) was a Russian language poet, journalist and translator from Russia and Belarus.
Drakokhrust was born in Moscow, into the Jewish family of Rachel Karachunskaya and Abram Drakokhrust, a soldier.
With the beginning of the Great Patriotic War he was conscripted into the Soviet Army and served until the very end of the war in sapper (combat engineering) troops, including taking part in the Battle of Berlin. Although he was a young able-bodied conscript, he was not allowed to serve in arms, being a family member of a "traitor to the motherland": his father was repressed in 1937, accused of being a Trotskyite, and shot. His mother served nine years in Karlag gulag labor camp for the same reason.
For his service he was awarded two Orders of the Patriotic War, two Orders of the Red Star and a number of medals. In 1945 he graduated from the Moscow Mititary Engineering School. From 1946 he became a military correspondent, first in Germany, later in the Russian Far East, and finally in Belarus. In 1962 he graduated from Khabarovsk Pedagogical Institute.
He published his first poem in 1939, in an Odessa newspaper "Molodaya Gvardiya". His first book of poems was published in 1951 in Vladivostok. During 1950-1990 he published 16 books of poems. He also translated a number of Belarusian poets into Russian language.

</doc>
<doc id="18496284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496284" title="Gabriel Móger">
Gabriel Móger

Gabriel Móger or Mòger (born 1379/1384, died before December 1439) was a Majorcan painter, sculptor, and poet. He was employed primarily for work on retables and altarpieces by the churches of Majorca. Though Móger's active painting career can be dated to 1426–38 on the basis of surviving documents, his poetic encounter took place some years earlier. A document of 8 March 1404 calls him "minor xxv annis et maior tamen xx" (less than twenty-five years old and greater than twenty). By 2 January 1414 he was married and the poem was most likely composed between those dates. 
Móger painted an "angel concert"-themed altarpiece, with two musicians on the lute and rebec, in an unknown year. In 1438 Móger was commissioned to incorporate an Early Netherlandish "imago pietatis" into the predella of the retable of the high altar in the church of Santa Eulàlia in the Ciutat. The painter Gabriel Móger is easily confused with another Majorcan artist of the same name, who flourished between 1460 and 1509. 
Móger composed a poetic debate, or "tenso", with Gabriel Ferruç in the Ciutat. The poem opens with Móger's line "Seny'En Ferruç, vos qui tenit procura". The heart of the debate is Ferruç' badmouthing Majorcan ladies, whom Móger intends to defend. The women are so angry, he alleges, that they want to kick Ferruç to death with their cork shoes. Ferruç responds that he will not recant, even if it means death, since the ladies of the city would be only further vilified for killing a man who spoke the truth. Móger reminds Ferruç that the ladies he is insulting are distinguished women with the "lonch cap diformat", some type of hat, probably a kind of divided hennin like those Vicent Ferrer condemned in his sermons. Ferruç alludes to Móger's occupation when he responds that at least his adversary can comprehend his reasons "sense pintura ... larch presich" (without being painted a long sermon). The women look to him like "cogulhades ab lur cap mal pastat". This is the crux of the debate: Ferruç finds the Majorca headwear makes the women look like crested larks ("cogulhades"). The debate concludes on a violent note, unusual for "tensos" of its time but in keeping with its general tone.

</doc>
<doc id="18496296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496296" title="Times of Our Lives (Judy Collins album)">
Times of Our Lives (Judy Collins album)

Times of Our Lives is an album by Judy Collins, released in 1982. It peaked at #190 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts. In 1981, prior to the album's release, Collins appeared on the CBS soap "Guiding Light," performing two songs from the (then) forthcoming album: "Great Expectations" and "It's Gonna Be One of Those Nights".

</doc>
<doc id="18496312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496312" title="Uncle Monk">
Uncle Monk

Uncle Monk is an American bluegrass band.
The band's two members are Tommy Ramone (born Tamás Erdélyi), the last surviving original member of the pioneering punk rock band The Ramones, and Claudia Tienan, a guitarist, bassist and vocalist formerly with an alternative band called The Simplistics.
Uncle Monk has released one album, also named "Uncle Monk", which was released in March 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18496313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496313" title="Seven Songs from the Tundra">
Seven Songs from the Tundra

Seven Songs from the Tundra () is a 1999 Finnish film directed by Anastasia Lapsui and Markku Lehmuskallio. It tells stories of the indigenous nomadic people of the Russian tundra under modern Communist rule. The film won the Grand Prix of the Créteil International Women's Film Festival in 2000. It was Finland's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18496314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496314" title="Inalienable possessions">
Inalienable possessions

Inalienable Possessions: The Paradox of Keeping-While-Giving is a book by anthropologist Annette B. Weiner. Weiner was a Professor of Anthropology and Dean of the Graduate School of Arts at New York University, and served as president of the American Anthropological Association. She died in 1997.
The book focuses on a range of Oceanic societies from Polynesia to Papua New Guinea to test existing theories of reciprocity (gift-giving) and marriage exchange. The book investigates a category of property, "inalienable possessions," which must not be given away, and if given, must finally return to the giver. She attributes these unique objects with the ability to create lasting social difference, and hence social hierarchy. These possessions are thus at the root of many Polynesian kingdoms, such as Hawaii and Samoa. The book is also important for introducing a consideration of gender in the gift-giving debate by placing women at the heart of the political process.
Although "Weiner subtitled her book "Inalienable Possessions: The Paradox of Keeping-while-Giving", ... it may be that another paradox present in her work is more salient: that inalienable possessions are simultaneously used to construct and defeat hierarchy. Investigation of this paradox opens a boxful of new theoretical and methodological tools for understanding social inequality in past and present societies." 
Inalienable possessions.
Inalienable possessions ('immovable property') refers to a fundamental classification of property law that Henry Maine stated dates back to Roman times. Immovable property is symbolically identified with the groups that own it, and hence cannot be permanently severed from them. Landed estates in the Middle Ages, for example, had to remain intact and even if sold, could be reclaimed by blood kin. Barbara Mills put it another way by saying, "Inalienable possessions are objects made to be kept (not exchanged), have symbolic and economic power that cannot be transferred, and are often used to authenticate the ritual authority of corporate groups".
Marcel Mauss first described inalienable possessions in the classic anthropological text called "The Gift: The Form and Reason for Exchange in Archaic Societies". 
It is even incorrect to speak in these cases of transfer. They are loans rather than sales or true abandonment of possessions. Among the Kwakiutl a certain number of objects, although they appear at the potlatch, cannot be disposed of. In reality these pieces of "property" are sacra that a family divests itself of only with great reluctance and sometimes never.
Annette Weiner broadened the application of this category of property outside the European context, referring to the category as "Inalienable possessions." Weiner acknowledges the idea originated in Mauss's classification of two categories of goods in Samoa: Oloa and le'tonga or immovable and movable goods exchanged through marriage. She applied this concept to explain, amongst other examples, the "Kula ring" in the Trobriand Islands made famous by the founder of anthropology, Bronislaw Malinowski. Certain objects assume a subjective value that places them above ordinary exchange value.
Cosmological authentication.
Weiner states that certain objects become inalienable only when they have acquired "cosmological authentication"; that is,
What makes a possession inalienable is its exclusive and cumulative identity with a particular series of owners through time. Its history is authenticated by fictive or true genealogies, origin myths, sacred ancestors, and gods. In this way, inalienable possessions are transcendent treasures to be guarded against all the exigencies that might force their loss.
She gives the example of a Māori Sacred Cloak and says that when a woman wears it "she is more than herself - that she is her ancestors." Cloaks act as conduits for a person's hau or life giving spirit. The hau can bring strength or even knowledge potentially but a person may also have the risk of losing their hau. "An inalienable possession acts as a stabilizing force against change because its presence authenticates cosmological origins, kinship, and political histories." In this way, the Cloak actually stands for the person. "These possessions then are the most potent force in the effort to subvert change, while at the same time they stand as the corpus of change".
Paul Sillitoe queries the supposed identification of these objects with persons. He states that these objects are "durable wealth is collective property that is continually in circulation among persons who have temporary possession of it. In this view, transactable objects belong to society as a whole and are not inalienable possessions associated with certain persons. An analogy in Western culture is sporting trophies, such as championship boxing belts owned by all the clubs comprising the association that controls the competition in which constituent club members compete, and which pass for agreed periods of time into the possession of particular champions, changing hands as new champions emerge." 
Theuws argues that "Over time, objects acquire new meanings and what was once a humble pot may become a sacred vessel." This transformation in the object is the result of ritualization or a change in cosmology. In fact, "Ritual Knowledge is often a source of political power." 
However, these possessions may also become destabilizing, as elites reconstruct those sacred histories to identify themselves with the past; for example, Gandhi invoked the traditional hand spinning traditional cloth, khadi, to contest British rule, which Nehru referred to as Gandhi's "livery of freedom".
Keeping-while-giving.
Inalienable possessions are nonetheless frequently drawn into exchange networks. The subtitle of Weiner's book is "The paradox of keeping-while-giving"; they are given as gifts (not sold) yet still retain a tie to their owners. These gifts are not like those given in regular gift giving in the West on birthdays for example. Rather, these gifts can't be re-sold for money by the receiver because the value and the significance of the gift cannot be alienated or disengaged from its relationship to those whose inalienable possession it is. 
Property value, obligations and rights.
These inalienable possessions are a form of property that is inalienable, yet they can be exchanged. Property can be thought of as a bundle of rights – the right to use something, the right to collect rent from someone, the right to extract something (as in oil drilling), the right to hunt within a particular territory. That ownership may be a bundle of rights held in common by groups of individuals or lineages. The property thus becomes impossible to separate from the group owning it. "To give in this instant means to transfer without alienating, or to use the language of the West, to give means to cede the right of use without ceding actual ownership". In other words, Weiner is contending that an economy built around the moral code of gift giving provides the giver rights over what he/she has given and in turn "subsequently benefits from a series of advantages." Thus, when one accepts a gift one also accepts that the giver now has rights over the receiver.
Reconfiguring exchange theory.
Weiner begins by re-examining Mauss' explanation for the return gift, the "spirit of the gift." The "spirit of the gift" was a translation of a Maori word, "hau". Weiner demonstrates that not "all" gifts must be returned. Only gifts that are "immoveable property" can become inalienable gifts. She further argues that inalienable possessions gain the "mana" (spirit) of their possessors, and so become associated with them. These goods are frequently produced by women, like the feather cloak above. The more prominent the woman, the more mana the object is thought to inherit. The longer the kin group can maintain the object in their possession, the more valuable it becomes; but it must also be periodically displayed to assert the group's status, and thus becomes an object of desire for outsiders.
The Sibling incest taboo.
Weiner argues that the role of women in the exchange of inalienable possessions has been seriously underestimated. Kinship theory as developed by Claude Lévi-Strauss, used the "sibling incest taboo" to argue that women themselves are objects of exchange between lineage groups. Men had to find women outside their kin groups to marry hence they "lost" their sisters in order to gain wives. Weiner shows that the focus on women as wives ignores the importance of women as sisters (who are not "lost" as a result of becoming wives). Women produce inalienable possessions which they may take with them when they marry out; the inalienable possession, however, must be reclaimed by her brother after her death in order to maintain the status of the kin group. In comparing Hawaii, Samoa and the Trobriands, she argues that the more stratified a society is by ranked differences, the more important inalienable possessions produced by sisters become. The more stratified a society becomes (as in Hawaii), the closer the sibling bond ("sibling intimacy"). In these cases, women are critical to the "cosmological authentication" of inalienable possessions.
The defeat of hierarchy.
A critical part of Weiner's argument is that the ability to keep inalienable possessions outside of exchange is a source of difference, and hence brings high status. The development of polynesian kingdoms is an example. She points to the inalienable possessions of the Australian aboriginals, however, to demonstrate how the creation of hierarchy can be defeated. Australian inalienable possessions are given cosmological authentication through their religious beliefs in the Dreaming.
"As an ideology, The Dreaming is immaterial but in another sense, The Dreaming flourishes because it consists of material and verbal possessions—myths, names, songs, ceremonies, and sacred objects inherited from one generation to the next. In this way, The Dreaming itself encompasses vast inalienable possessions that are authenticated by the very cosmology under which they are produced. These possessions created in and authenticated by The Dreaming circulate from one person or group to another in a limited way. The possibilities of transmission in the face of the canon for guardianship establish for ritual leaders a domain of authority that in certain situations leads to a formalized position of rank".
Weiner points out that the same gender relations of "sibling intimacy" affect the exchange of these inalienable objects. Women as sisters and women as wives provide the conduit for the gifting and return gifting of these goods, allowing the givers to build prestige. However, insofar as these inalienable possessions lose their cosmological authentication, these social hierarchies lose intergenerational longevity. Because the Dreaming itself is an inalienable possession kept secret by clan elders, it can be lost and hierarchy defeated.
The paradox of keeping-while-giving.
Weiner has used the term to categorize the many Kula valuables of the Trobriand islanders who view those objects as culturally imbued with a spiritual sense of the gift giver. Thus, when they are transferred from one individual or group to another the objects reserve meaningful bonds associated with that of the giver and their lineage. The shell bracelets and necklaces given in exchange each have their own histories, and are thus ranked on the basis of who they have been exchanged to. There were, as well, less well known shells called "kitomu" which were individually owned (rather than being part of lineage history), which would be given to temporarily please a disappointed trade partner expecting a more valuable shell.
The Kula trade was organized differently in the more hierarchical parts of the Trobriand islands. There, only chiefs were allowed to engage in Kula exchange. In hierarchical areas, individuals can earn their own kitomu shells, whereas in less hierarchical areas, they are always subject to the claims of matrilineal kin. And lastly, in the hierarchical areas, Kula necklaces and bracelets are saved for external exchange only; stone axe blades are used internally. In less hierarchical areas, exchange partners may lose their valuables to internal claims. As a result, most seek to exchange their kula valuables with chiefs, who thus become the most successful players. The chiefs have saved their Kula valuables for external trade, and external traders seek to trade with them before they lose their valuables to internal claims.
Kula exchange is the only way for an individual to achieve local prestige without local political action. But this prestige is fleeting and does not transform into permanent differences in rank because women's participation is minor and Kula shells lack cosmological authentication. It is not Kula shells but women's cloth wealth that is connected with matrilineal ancestors. It is for this reason that women retain high prestige and authority despite the fame of male Kula exchange players.
Godelier on "keeping-for-giving and giving-for-keeping".
Maurice Godelier has further elaborated on Annette Weiner's ideas on inalienable possessions in "The Enigma of the Gift". He derived two theses from Weiner, to which he adds a third.
First Thesis: As discussed above, even in a society that is dominated by a gift-giving economic and moral code, the interplay of gift and counter-gift doesn't completely dominate the social sphere, as there must be some objects which are kept and not given. These things, such as valuables, talismans, knowledge, and rites, confirm identities and their continuity over time. Moreover, they acknowledge differences of identity of individuals or groups linked by various kinds of exchanges. 
Second Thesis: Women or the feminine element also exercise power by providing legitimation and redistributing of political and religious power among groups in a society. Godelier contends that Weiner refocuses attention on the role of women in constructing and legitimizing power. While women, as wives, are frequently lowered in status, as sisters, they frequently retain equal status to their brothers. For example, in Polynesia, the woman as a sister appears to control those goods associated with the sacred, the ancestors, and the gods. 
To this, Godelier adds a third thesis.
Third thesis: The social is not just the sum of alienable and inalienable goods, but is brought into existence by the difference and inter-dependence of these two spheres of exchange. Maintaining society thus requires not "keeping-while-giving", but ""keeping-for-giving and giving-for-keeping"."
Why is this important?
Economists have often shunned at the idea of pondering exactly why people want goods. Goods serve many purposes beyond what classical economists might theorize. Goods can serve as systems of social communication according to Mary Douglas, a prominent anthropologist. In fact, anthropology in general is important to economics because it talks about the socio-cultural relationships in economy and economy itself as a cultural system that is not just market-based. Moreover, entire industries are often based on gift giving such as the pharmaceutical industry. In addition, gift giving plays an important role in the cultural development of how social and business relations evolve of major economies such as in the case of the Chinese.

</doc>
<doc id="18496325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496325" title="Richard Castucci">
Richard Castucci

Richard J. Castucci (December 1, 1928 Somerville, Massachusetts – December 29, 1976 Revere, Massachusetts) was an Italian-American member of the Patriarca crime family who owned several strip clubs and was involved in illegal gambling. Castucci eventually became a government informant.
Biography.
Castucci was a nephew of Boston bookmaker Arthur Ventola, who was close to the Patriarca crime family. He had one brother who was involved with one of Castucci's restaurants. His second wife was Sandra Castucci. His children included a daughter Denise, a son Richard Castucci Jr. and two other children. Castucci and his family lived in Revere, Massachusetts.
At age 21, Castucci was featured in the "Boston Herald" after stopping an armed robbery with his father.
Mob career.
Castucci was a close associate of mobster Stephen Flemmi, a leader of the Winter Hill Gang and a secret FBI informant. Castucci introduced Flemmi and mobster John Martorano to a major New York bookmaker when they were organizing Anthony Ciulla's race fixing scheme.
Castucci owned several strip clubs in the Boston area, including the Ebb Tide Lounge, the Libra Lounge, Jaws, and the Squire . Overlooking Revere Beach, the Ebb Tide soon became a "clubhouse" for members of the Patriarca family] to socialize and plan crimes. In 1965, the Edward Deegan mob hit was organized there. By the late 1960s, the Ebb Tide had earned such a bad reputation that Castucci changed its name to The Beach Ball. By 1969, Castucci was hosting high-stakes poker games at the Beach Ball.
By 1970, Castucci was reportedly in deep financial trouble. He had two families, a $16,000 second house mortgage, bills from his clubs, and expensive loan shark loans. He was being hounded by loan shark collectors and was in debt to John Harrison, also known as "Hard Boiled John", paying $300 to $400 installments.
Wife's affair.
Castucci allegedly murdered a man that he suspected of having an affair with his wife Sandra. From late 1969 to 1970, Castucci suspected that Sandra was dating Salvatore M. Caruana, a prominent drug dealer and made man with the Patriarca crime family. Sandra has to this day denied any such relationship with Caruana. Nevertheless, an enraged Castucci threatened Caruana with physical harm if he did not stay away from Sandra.
However, FBI agent John Connolly, Castucci's handler, confirmed Caruana's affair with Sandra. Caruana disappeared in 1984 and was never heard of again. . However, Caruana's body was never found and no one was ever charged with his murder.
Becoming an informant.
On January 30, 1970, needing money and protection from law enforcement, Castucci become an FBI informant. He was enrolled in the FBI's highly secretive Top Echelon Informant Program. When Castucci found out that Winter Hill members Joseph "Joe Mac" McDonald and James Sims were hiding from the authorities in the Greenwich Village section of New York City, he passed that information to his FBI handlers.
Murder.
In 1976, the Winter Hill gang discovered Castucci's deception and planned his murder. Gang boss Whitey Bulger, also an FBI informant. ordered Castucci's killing. However, Bulger decided to wait until the end of the National Football League season so that he could also steal Castucci's sports betting earnings.
At the end of the football season, Castucci went to a garage in Somerville, Massachusetts to pick up his winnings. At the garage, Martorano handed Castucci a bag of cash and told him to go to an apartment with Flemmi and Bulger. At the apartment, Castucci was sitting in the kitchen sorting his cash when Martorano walked behind Castucci and shot him in the head. Bulger and Flemmi cleaned up the blood, wrapped the body in a child's blanket, and stuffed it into the trunk of Castucci's new Cadillac Sedan Deville. They drove the Cadillac to Revere, where they abandoned it behind an apartment complex. 
The car and Castucci's body were discovered in the aftermath of a snowstorm.
Coverup.
On discovering Castucci's body, the FBI immediately suspected Bulger and Flemmi. However, Connolly was handling both men as FBI informants and they had provided him with valuable information on the Patriarca Family. Connolly wanted to protect Bulger and Flemmi from prosecution. Connolly told the agency that the murder was not typical of Winter Hill killings and that he did not think Bulger and Flemmi did it. Connolly also reported to the FBI that Castucci owed money to both Winter Hill Gang and the Patriarcas, but had only paid Winter Hill. Connolly's implication was that Patriarcas were not paid and therefore murdered Castucci. Given this misdirection, the FBI did not pursue Bulger and Flemmi as suspects.
Following the Castucci murder, Connolly befriended Castucci's widow. He was also a regular diner at a restaurant owned by Castucci's brother in law from his first marriage.
On June 12, 2009, a federal judge ordered the Federal Government to pay $6.25 million to the Castucci family for the wrongful death of Richard Castucci.
References.
"The Brothers Bulger: How They Terrorized and Corrupted Boston for a Quarter Century" by Howie Carr

</doc>
<doc id="18496346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496346" title="1995 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
1995 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Michael Stich was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Richard Krajicek won in the final 7–6(5), 6–4, against Paul Haarhuis.

</doc>
<doc id="18496352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496352" title="Harond Litim">
Harond Litim

Harond Litim (born June 9, 1977 in France) is a professional ice hockey player.
Career.
Litim has played over 15 seasons in French league.
In June 2008, Litim played for the Algeria national ice hockey team in the Arab Cup of Ice Hockey and won Most Valuable player of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18496358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496358" title="Acanthops falcataria">
Acanthops falcataria

"Acanthops falcataria", common name South American Dead Leaf Mantis, is a species of praying mantis in the subfamily Acanthopinae of the family Acanthopidae and is one of many mantis from various genera that resembles a dead leaf.

</doc>
<doc id="18496364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496364" title="Joseph Oscar Lefebre Boulanger">
Joseph Oscar Lefebre Boulanger

Joseph Oscar Lefebre Boulanger (born November 3, 1888 in Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse, Quebec, Canada-died July 21, 1958) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1926 as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Bellechasse. He was re-elected in 1930 and in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="18496376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496376" title="KIVY-LD">
KIVY-LD

KIVY-LD is a low-power television station in Crockett, Texas, broadcasting locally on UHF channel 16 as an affiliate of America One.

</doc>
<doc id="18496378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496378" title="Libyan Coastal Highway">
Libyan Coastal Highway

The Libyan Coastal Highway () is a highway that is the only major road that runs along the entire east-west length of the Libyan Mediterranean coastline. It is a section in the Cairo–Dakar Highway #1 in the Trans-African Highway system of the African Union, Arab Maghreb Union and others. 
Built under the rule of the Italian dictator Benito Mussolini in colonial Italian Libya in the 1930s, it was named Via Balbia (or "Via Balbo") in honour of governor-general Italo Balbo, but renamed to Libyan Coastal Highway after independence. In the 2011 Libyan civil war the highway was a strategic and symbolic element, as the main route through the contested coastal region between Sirte and Benghazi.
History.
Italian Libya.
In March 1937, Italian dictator Benito Mussolini made a state visit to Italian Libya to open this new military and civilian highway, built by governor-general Italo Balbo. When Balbo died in 1940 in a plane crash, the Italian government named the 1822 kilometer road in his honour.
Italians constructed also a minor road parallel to the coastal one starting from Marj through Marawa, to Lamluda, and it is long.
Near the middle of the road, the border of Italian Tripolitania and Italian Cyrenaica was marked by a Marble Arch, named "Arch of Fileni". It was created by the Italian architect Florestano Di Fausto. There was an inscription at the top of the arch which read: "Alme Sol, possis nihil urbe Roma visere maius" (Latin for "Oh kind Sun, may you never look upon a city greater than Rome"). The "Arch of Fileni" was demolished in 1970 by the new coup d'état revolutionary regime of Muammar Gaddafi.
World War II.
The highway was fully paved. However in World War II, during the Western Desert Campaign of the Allies North African Campaign, the road was heavily used in fighting the Axis command, and remained damaged for decades.
Independent Libya.
The road was renamed Libyan Coastal Highway after the country gained independence. It was repaved in 1967. According to Hussein Maziq, prime minister of Libya (1965–1967) under King Idris, there had been plans to make this road a dual carriageway road. Two parts were built: the Sabratha—Tripoli—Misrata section; and the Ajdabiya—Benghazi—Taucheira section. The entire construction did not occur because of the coup d'état political change by Muammar Gaddafi on 1 September 1969. 
Before the 2011 Libyan civil war, the General People's Committee of Libya had issued an order for the Ras Ajdir—Sabratha section to be a dual carriageway road.
It's to be noted that some other roads in northern Cyrenaica are "more Coastal", or closer to the coast, than the coastal highway itself, like Tolmeitha-Tauchira road, and Derna-Susa road.
2011 civil war.
In the 2011 Libyan civil war the highway was an active component for combat movement and skirmishes, and when a section's access and transit is under control - a strategic and symbolic element.
Junctions.
The highway has become a junction for new southbound roads into the Fezzan region and Sahara, and new east-west shortcut highways in Cyrenaica and Tripolitania. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="18496383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496383" title="Karlag">
Karlag

Karlag (Karaganda Corrective Labor Camp, Russian: Карагандинский исправительно-трудовой лагерь, Карлаг) was one of the largest Gulag labor camps, located in Karaganda Oblast (now Karagandy Province), Kazakh SSR, USSR. About 800,000 inmates served in total in Karlag over its history.

</doc>
<doc id="18496402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496402" title="Seilda Baishakov">
Seilda Baishakov

Seilda Ikramovich Baishakov () (born 28 August 1950) is a retired Soviet professional football player.
Baishakov played seven seasons in the Soviet Top League and made nearly 300 league appearances for FC Kairat during his career.
International career.
Baishakov made his debut for USSR on 30 April 1977 in a 1978 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Hungary.
Manager.
He has managed FC Kairat

</doc>
<doc id="18496425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496425" title="Mubarak Mosque, Qadian">
Mubarak Mosque, Qadian

The Mubarak Mosque (, ) in Qadian was opened in 1882-1883 by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad. It is the first mosque of the Ahmadiyya movement. The White Minaret was added later between 1903 and 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="18496440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496440" title="Anti-Victim">
Anti-Victim

An anti-victim is an individual who proactively develops and uses protective and problem-solving behaviors to prevent, avoid, and prepare to act against violent or abusive encounters.
History.
The first known published use of the term "anti-victim" was by Peg Flandreau West (1928–1991) in the book "" published in 1983.
According to Madison.com, Peg West was "a social worker in the Madison public schools who developed a program called Protective Behaviors Inc. which provided a way for children to report abuse. The program, based on principles that said we all have a right to feel safe and that nothing is so awful that you can't talk about it with someone you trust, was widely adopted in Australia and is credited with revolutionizing child welfare practices there".
In 2008, the term was included in the "My Security Sense" presentation and community education program created by Anti-Victim.Org. The program uniquely focuses on the two most significant methods of self-protection: awareness and a preparedness to act. The goals of the program are to provide a foundation for turning off "auto-pilot" in everyday situations and to provide a foundation for being mentally and physically prepared to act to avoid being targeted by crimimals and to reduce the potential of becoming a victim of violent crime.
Protective Behaviors.
The idea for the Protective Behaviors program was first conceived when Peg Flandreau West went to speak to a group of students about being safe.
Anti-Victim.Org.
Anti-Victim.Org was founded in 2008 with the primary goal of helping women develop and enhance their sense of personal security by offering awareness education and facilitating discussions in living rooms, work places, libraries, college dormitories, sororities, civic clubs, and other group meetings in local communities.
Alternate meanings.
The term "anti-victim" can also be used to identify an individual or group that is perceived to be "against victims". This type of reference is often associated with political positions where the anti-victim is an opponent of victims' rights legistation or court rulings.

</doc>
<doc id="18496446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496446" title="KHTM-LP">
KHTM-LP

KHTM-LP is a low-powered Family Net and The Church Channel affiliate in Lufkin, Texas. Founded in 1986 and owned by International Broadcasting Network. it broadcasts on VHF channel 13.

</doc>
<doc id="18496456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496456" title="USS ATA-214">
USS ATA-214

USS "ATA-214 was the lead ship of the of tugs for the United States Navy and was built near the end of World War II. Originally laid down as Palo Blanco" (YN-85), a net tender of the , she was redesignated as AN-64, a net layer, before launch. Before completion, the name "Palo Blanco" was cancelled and the ship was named "ATA-214", an unnamed auxiliary ocean tug. "Palo Blanco" served in the Pacific Theatre during her brief career with the Navy..
Career.
"Palo Blanco" (ATA–214) was laid down 22 May 1943 as "YN–85" at Canulette Shipbuilding Co., Slidell, Louisiana; re-designated "AN–64", 20 January 1944; launched 17 June 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Isabella A. Gamage; re-designated "ATA–214", 12 August 1944; lost the name "Palo Blanco"; and commissioned 25 September 1944. During her brief war-time career, "ATA–214" served in the Pacific Ocean. In July 1945, she provided auxiliary tug services in and around Leyte Gulf. On the 12th, she steamed to Buckner Bay, Okinawa, but returned to San Pedro Bay, Leyte the 25th. After the war, the ship decommissioned in September 1945; she was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Commission 30 April 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18496463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496463" title="Acontista concinna">
Acontista concinna

Acontista concinna is a species of praying mantis in the Acanthopidae Family that is native to Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="18496483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496483" title="Callibia diana">
Callibia diana

Callibia diana is a species of praying mantis in the family Acanthopidae and is one of many mantis from various genera that resembles a dead leaf.
Range.
French Guiana, Venezuela, Bolivia, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18496503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496503" title="KLGV-LP">
KLGV-LP

KLGV-LP is a low-powered TBN affiliate in Longview, Texas. Founded in 1992 and like KHTM-LP, KLGV-LP is owned by International Broadcasting Network. it broadcasts on UHF channel 36.

</doc>
<doc id="18496542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496542" title="Gerry Donnelly">
Gerry Donnelly

Gerald 'Gerry' Donnelly (7 August 1903 - 4 September 1937) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne, North Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Wingman Gerry Donnelly started his career at Melbourne in 1925 and was good enough that year to represent the Victorian interstate team. Towards the end of the season he had his playing permit cancelled after it was decided by the League Investigations Committee that he was residentially bound to North Melbourne.
As a result he crossed to North Melbourne in 1926 and captain-coached the club for 14 games that year. Although he failed to register a win he did lead North Melbourne to a controversial draw with Hawthorn in Round 13. Hawthorn were leading by a point when the bell sounded but Donnelly, who was running with the ball at the time, kicked a behind to level the scores. As the umpires had not heard the bell the point stood.
He died from illness in Melbourne on 4 September 1937, aged 34.

</doc>
<doc id="18496553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496553" title="27 Missing Kisses">
27 Missing Kisses

27 Missing Kisses (, "27 dakarguli kotsna") is a 2000 Georgian film directed by Nana Djordjadze. It was Georgia's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18496555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496555" title="Edmee S.">
Edmee S.

The " Edmee S. " is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe. She was built in the Tilghman Island style from hewn logs by Oliver Duke in the 1930s. She is one of the last 22 Chesapeake Bay racing log canoes, and is actively raced with a crew of nine to eleven people. Her original name was "Cecilia Mae", but was renamed for Edmee S. Combs, whose husband funded the restoration. The hull was covered with fiberglass during the restoration. She is owned by the Chesapeake Bay Maritime Museum in Saint Michaels, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="18496561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496561" title="Galactic Center (disambiguation)">
Galactic Center (disambiguation)

Galactic Center may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18496567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496567" title="KLUF-LP">
KLUF-LP

KLUF-LP is a low-power television station in Lufkin, Texas, broadcasting locally on VHF channel 5 as an affiliate of TBN.

</doc>
<doc id="18496577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496577" title="Vincenzo Fiorillo">
Vincenzo Fiorillo

Vincenzo Fiorillo (born 13 January 1990) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Sampdoria.
Club career.
Born in Genoa, Fiorillo started playing football in Nuova Oregina Calcio from the Oregina neighborhood of Genoa.
On 10 April 2008 he was part of the first ever Sampdoria Primavera squad to win the Primavera Cup. In the final he saved two of four penalties in the shootout against Atalanta, thus securing victory for "Blucerchiati". He also won the first ever "Campionato Nazionale Primavera" for Sampdoria. He finished as the runner-up in 2007 edition.
Originally considered a rising star, being even compared to Gianluigi Buffon, Fiorillo made his Serie A debut on 13 April 2008, against Reggina. On 13 January 2010, he was sent on loan to Reggina, in an exchange deal for goalkeeper Mario Cassano.
In January 2011 he left Genoa again for a 6 months loan to another Liguria club Spezia. He was successively loaned again, this time to Livorno in the Serie B, and managed to win a first team spot thanks to his impressive performances that were fundamental in his club's ultimate promotion to Serie A. He returned to Sampdoria by the end of his loan spell, remaining as a second-choice keeper though.
International career.
Fiorillo was a regular member of the national youth teams until his 20th birthday, after Fiorillo failed to play for a professional team regularly.
Fiorillo played twice in 2007 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship elite qualification, ahead the original starter Sergio Viotti.
He took part with the Italy U-19 squad at the 2008 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship, where he was voted as the best goalkeeper of the competition. Fiorillo was one the youngest member of Italy squad, as he also eligible to the 2009 edition. Fiorillo played once in 2008 qualifying (against Malta), and rest of the matches was the backup of Ugo Gabrieli. He was the starting keeper ahead Carlo Pinsoglio in the elite round. Despite losing to Germany in the final, "Azzurrini" still qualified to 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup. He took part at the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup as the captain of the Italian team in September 2009. He also finished as the runner-up in the 2009 Mediterranean Games as captain.
On 25 March 2009 he made his debut with the Italy U-21 squad in a friendly match against Austria. That match "de facto" played by players born in or after 1988 for an event usually played by U-20 (Four Nations Tournament), but all players were selected by U-21 coach Pierluigi Casiraghi to select junior member to the final round of 2009 U-21 Euro, which the age limit in fact was born in 1986 or after. Fiorillo did not included in the final squad of 2009 U-21 Euro but Andrea Seculin (who made U-21 debut on the same day) did, as Seculin did not went to FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Fiorillo was the first choice keeper in the first round of 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification. Coach Casiraghi later picked Seculin as first choice. Since November 2009 he did not receive any U-21 call-up. Fiorillo also failed to receive any call-up from Italy U-20 team until June 2011 for the last round of 2010–11 Four Nations Tournament. In 2011–12 season, he capped for another feeder team of U-21, the Italy U-21 Serie B twice.

</doc>
<doc id="18496607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496607" title="KIBN-LP">
KIBN-LP

KIBN-LP is a low-powered FamilyNet affiliate in Lufkin, Texas. Founded in 1990 and owned by International Broadcasting Network. it broadcasts on UHF channel 14. It broadcasts services from Lufkin First Baptist Church every Monday, Carpenter's Way Baptist Church on Tuesday, and several other local organization's events.

</doc>
<doc id="18496634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496634" title="No Place to Go">
No Place to Go

No Place to Go () is a 2000 German film directed by Oskar Roehler. It was Germany's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18496638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496638" title="Universal Genève">
Universal Genève

Universal Genève SA is a Swiss luxury watch company, founded in 1894 as "Universal Watch". 
Since its beginnings, the company has produced complete watches with in-house movements, and throughout the 20th century, distributed many notable and important timepieces. Along with neighboring Geneva companies Audemars Piguet, Girard-Perregaux, Patek Philippe and Rolex, Universal is internationally regarded for its style of craftsmanship and "manufacture". In addition, the brand also makes historical claim for creating the first-ever chronographic wristwatch in 1917.
History.
1894-1930s: Beginnings.
Initially started and briefly based in Le Locle, co-founder Ulysse Perret would relocate Universal to Geneva in 1919, solidifying the company's status as a "Genève" brand. During the company's tenure in much smaller Le Locle (Neuchâtel region), Perret had conceptualized the company as "Universal Watch" in
1894 with classmate Numa-Emile Descombes, both of whom were horology students at the time. Although Universal first begun only as a manufacturer and retailer of cases, crowns, dials and movements, the company whilst under Perret and Descombes had patented the brand's first 24-hour indication watch.
After Descombes' death in 1897 at the age of 34, Perret recruited Louis Edouard Berthoud as a co-manufacturer of complications, and both briefly operated under the registered name "Perret & Berthoud" before switching to "Universal Watch et Company (UWEC) Genève, Ltd." after relocating to Geneva. Under both trademarks, the horologists created various pocket and trench watches for both sides fighting during World War I. By 1925, the duo created the brand's first patented self-winding timepiece called the "Auto Rem", an octagon-shaped men's wristwatch with lozenge-styled hands and a 15-jewel movement.
Following Perret's passing in 1933, his son would take over management, and Universal would remain a family-run business for 30 more years.
1930s-1950s: The Chronograph and "Watch Couturier" era.
After the pocketwatch started to lose usefulness in favor of the more convenient wristwatch during the first world war, Universal seized the opportunity by creating the Compur in 1933 and the Aero Compax ("Aviator's Compact Chronograph") in 1936, shortly before the start of World War II. In addition to its automatic "smooth sweep" timekeeping, the Compax was also equipped with a built-in stopwatch which made it a suitable device for soldiers during training exercises and full-fledged combat operations. The Compax was produced in many variations including the Moon Phase, Medico, Tri-, Uni-, and Master Vortex.
During the same period, Universal briefly collaborated with Parisian high fashion brand Hermès and designed the "Pour Hermès" ("For Hermès") chronographs, which featured square button registers, telemeters and tachometers, a movement containing a Breguet balance spring, and an Arabic-numeral dial. Hermès' Paris headquarters would in turn act as a major sales hub for all Universal brand watches in Europe until the 1950s, while the "Henri Stern Watch Agency" in Manhattan, the U.S. distributorship of Patek Philippe, would be an official Universal Genève dealer in North America.
Universal's popularity with the chronographs caught the attention of high-ranking government officials throughout Europe, including the Dutch Royal Family, who granted the Swiss brand a Royal Warrant in 1939 to issue a military watch for the nation's army, with then-Queen Wilhelmina's initials embossed on the dial. The Dutch army utilized this watch up until Nazi Germany sacked Rotterdam in May of the same year and occupied the Netherlands until 1944.
For female civilians during that era, Universal distributed the art deco "Couture Diamond" watch, which featured a mother of pearl dial rimmed with diamonds and manufactured in either gold, stainless steel or platinum metals. The feminine cuff watch, which earned Universal Genève the title of "watch couturier", was sold in affluent boutiques worldwide and was most popular among actresses, socialites and wives of world leaders.
The Martel Watch Company in Les Ponts-de-Martel had supplied movements for many of Universal Genève's chronographic timepieces since 1918, with Universal adapting the complications as Cal 285's. However, the mechanisms would be rechristened as Zenith 146's, 146D's and 146H's when competing Le Locle watchmaker Zenith acquired Martel, and effectively all of its patents, by 1960.
1950s-1960s: Microtor automatics.
Arguably the most well-known Universal watch of the post-war era was the Polerouter. Designed by Gérald Genta, it was originally produced as the Polarouter in 1954, appearing with a Cal 138SS Bumper movement. The following year it was replaced with the innovative Cal 215 microtor movement which, with minor changes and a name change (from Polarouter to Polerouter, in 1958), was produced until late 1969. In its initial fifteen years of production, the watch was produced in many variations including the "Polerouter de luxe, Polerouter Jet, Polerouter Super, Polerouter Genève, Polerouter Compact, Polerouter "NS", Polerouter III," and the "Polerouter Sub" diver's watch. The Polerouter's durability under extreme temperatures and fluctuating altitudes made it a preferred timepiece among Scandinavian Airlines' pilots who made flights over the arctic. The worldwide acclaim of the Polerouter Date was comparable to the reputation of similar Genève automatics like the Rolex Oyster Date and Omega Seamaster Date.
 
The Golden Shadow and White Shadow were first produced in 1965 and were the thinnest automatic watch movements at the time, with a thickness of only 2.3mm. This record was held until 1978.
The Shadows were also designed by Genta and were available in 18K yellow and white gold as the Golden Shadow, and in stainless steel as the White Shadow. Both watches contained the Caliber 2-66 micro rotor movement up until the late 1960s.
1970-1980s: Decrease in automatic and mechanical wind production.
During the 1970s, Universal had been one of the few Swiss watch brands to introduce a quartz movement and phase out automatics, coinciding with an era now known as the "quartz crisis". While the company continued to use silver, gold, platinum and diamonds for its dials, cases, bands and bracelets, the switch to quartz oscillators was a cost-efficient alternative to automatic complications, which were considerably more expensive and more time-consuming to produce, and could not compete with the mass-produced growth of electronic movements. In particular, the Golden and White Shadows, which previously contained microtors, would be replaced with unisonics and accutrons.
Since the innovation of quartz technology had originated in Japan, Universal began to focus most of its attention on the Asian watch market, since a significant portion of company revenue was already centered in Hong Kong. Although "Forbes" still ranked Universal (in price) to Corum, IWC and Rolex, and as being more expensive than Omega, Longines and Baume et Mercier, the international marketing strategies and venture to quartz proved economically devastating for the brand, causing loss of capital among its holding companies, and in effect, the popularity of the brand itself.
1990s-present: Comeback.
After a difficult period in the 1980s and 1990s, Universal Genève recently released a series of watches with a new micro-rotor caliber which revisited the company's earlier success. Although still headquartered in Geneva, Universal Genève was purchased in 1989 by Hong Kong-based
investment firm Stelux Holdings International, Ltd., which also owns Cyma, another high-end Swiss watchmaker whose patents had been owned by Universal since 1918. During the late 1960s and early 1970s, Universal had been owned by New York-based Bulova, an acquisition which expanded the manufacture's namesake in Japanese and North American markets, and lead to stylistic collaborations with other watch or jewelry firms such as Tiffany's, Cartier SA and Movado.
As of 2011, Universal is an active member of the Federation of the Swiss Watch Industry, maintains three offices in Switzerland and oversees La Chaux-de-Fonds-based watchmaker Cyma.
Notable wearers.
Many celebrities, writers, business executives and diplomats from around the globe have owned both contemporary and vintage Universal Genève watches:
Athletes.
The 1997 and 1998 Universal "Ayrton Senna" sports chronograph watches were named after late Formula One race car driver Ayrton Senna. As the limited edition watch bears Senna's name, proceeds from sales were to endow Instituto Ayrton Senna, an anti-poverty charity started by his sister, Vivianne.
Business and media.
Property magnate and "The Apprentice" host Donald Trump owned a Universal Genève Senna watch before donating the timepiece to Antiquorum for charity. In the late 1990s, "Playboy" illustrator LeRoy Neiman appeared in a print campaign promoting Universal Genève, with Neiman pictured in his studio wearing a Universal Genève Golden Janus and his oil paintings displayed in the foreground.
In his book, "Marking Time: Collecting Watches and Thinking about Time", "Simon & Schuster" editor-in-chief Michael Korda recalled receiving a pink gold Universal Genève Tri-Compax from his uncle while attending Le Rosey boarding school in Switzerland, and cited the brand as piquing his interest in watches.
Diplomats and politicians.
29th and 41st Argentine President Juan Perón was a wearer of a Universal, as was 33rd U.S. President Harry S. Truman, who donned the popular Tri-Compax model at the Potsdam Conference.
Because of Switzerland's neutrality during World War II, Swiss goods had been exported to international buyers with no basis on their country's alliance, reputation or political standing in the world. Although Hermann Göring owned many different brands of watches, the Reichsmarschall had given his 18k gold Universal Genève Compax to Nuremberg Trials guard Lt. Jack Wheelis the night before his scheduled execution. While Wheelis' family maintained that the gift was a friendly gesture, historians have long attributed the wristwatch as being a bribe for the cyanide pill Göring ingested to escape the hangman.
Fernando Aubel, a former Chilean Air Force General (1978–1990) under Augusto Pinochet's military dictatorship, recalled receiving a Universal Genève chronometer wristwatch as a young man and still wearing it at the present, according to a personal memoir.
Film.
French writer, poet, filmmaker and one-time Cannes Film Festival president Jean Cocteau was an outspoken fan of Universal Genève's style of manufacture, and a limited line of Universal tourbillons had etched verses of Cocteau's poetry.
Jon Voight owned a personalized Compax and Joan Rivers owned a Golden Shadow before both actors donated their watches to Antiquorum.
Price and value.
"BusinessWeek" cited the market value of most Universal Genève watches from the 1960s as approximately ranging between $2,500–$3,500 (figures adjusted to 2010 inflation)
Among the rarest and most expensive of Universal Genève timepieces includes the 'Golden Janus', a 1994 centennial of the 1930s Cabriolet, which were limited to 10 in number and have realized at an upwards $50,000 (43,700 CHF) at auction.
Universal Genève's 'A. Cairelli Rattrapante' - an aviator's chronograph - consists of a 24-hour dial with a 16-minute register. Manufactured in Rome, the wristwatch was produced only sporadically between 1939 and 1945 and was originally meant for the Royal Italian Air Force (Reggia Aeronautica Italiana). At auction houses such as Sotheby's and Christie's, the Universal Genève "Cairellis" have closed between an estimated $30,000 and $130,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18496652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496652" title="Konda River">
Konda River

Konda () is a river in the Khanty–Mansia district of Russia. The town of Uray and the "Shaimskoye" oil field is situated by the Konda. 
It is a left tributary of the Irtysh, and has a length of 1097 km and a drainage basin of 72 800 km². The river has its sources on the western edge of the West Siberian Plain. The average discharge 164 km from its mouth is 231 m³/s, with a maximum of 1220 m³/s, and a minimum of 36,1 m³/s. The river is frozen over from late October to late April. Its main tributaries are from the left: Mulymya, Bolshoy Tap, Yukonda and Kama, and from the right: Yevra and Kuma. 
The Konda region, or Kondia, is one of the many provinces mentioned in the full official title of Russian Tsars. 

</doc>
<doc id="18496653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496653" title="Speed limits in Canada">
Speed limits in Canada

Canadian speed limits have been posted in kilometres per hour (km/h) since 1977. Before then, when Canada used Imperial units, speed limits were in miles per hour (mph).
Default speed limits.
Default speed limits apply on roads which do not have speed limit signs. Actual speed limits may differ by individual road segment, as indicated by speed limit signs.
In most provinces, default speed limits are 50 km/h in urban areas, 80 km/h in rural areas, and 100 km/h on grade-separated expressways. Default speed limits for school zones tend to be 30 or 40 km/h in urban areas and 50 km/h in rural areas.
Regulations.
School zones.
In Ontario, speeding fines double in areas identified as "Community Safety Zones" as well as "school zones". 
Construction zones.
In most Canadian provinces, as in most other locales, speed violation fines are double (or more) in construction zones, although in Ontario and Alberta, this only applies if workers are present in the construction zone.
Street Racing.
In Ontario, as of September 2007, drivers caught speeding 50 km/h over the posted speed limit have the vehicle that they are driving impounded immediately for 7 days and their license suspended for 7 days and have to appear before the court. For a first conviction, they face an additional $2,000-$10,000 fine and 6 demerit points; they may also face up to 6 months in jail and licence suspension of up to two years. For a second conviction within 10 years of the first conviction, their license may be suspended for up to 10 years.
Truck Speed Limiters.
In Ontario and Québec, trucks must be electronically limited to 105 km/h.
Radar Detectors.
Radar detectors in Canada are legal only in British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan. They are illegal to use in Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, New Brunswick, Quebec, Ontario, Manitoba, Yukon, Northwest Territories and Nunavut. Regardless of whether they are used or not, police and law enforcement officers there may confiscate radar detectors, operational or not, and impose substantial fines in provinces where radar detectors are illegal. Quebec penalizes $500 CAD for use of a radar detector, along with confiscation of the device.
Signage.
A speed limit sign reads "MAXIMUM XX", such as "MAXIMUM 80" for 80 km/h. A minimum speed sign reads "XX MINIMUM", such as "60 MINIMUM" for 60 km/h.
Realism of speed limits.
In British Columbia, a review of speed limits conducted in 2002 and 2003 for the Ministry of Transportation found that posted limits on investigated roads were unrealistically low for 1309 km and unrealistically high for 208 km. The reports recommended to increase speed limits for multi-lane limited-access highways constructed to high design standards from 110 km/h to 120 km/h. As described in that report, the Ministry is currently using ""...Technical Circular T-10/00 [...] to assess speed limits. The practice considers the 85th percentile speed, road geometry, roadside development, and crash history.""
Speed limits in Ontario were lowered from 113 km/h to 100 km/h during the 1970s energy crisis. In spite of safety and fuel economy advances, four decades later the speed limits have never been raised back to the 1960s levels or beyond. Some groups and individuals there are lobbying to increase speed limits from 100 km/h to 130 km/h or 140 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="18496662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496662" title="Peppermint (film)">
Peppermint (film)

Peppermint is a 1999 Greek film directed by Costas Kapakas. It was Greece's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Plot.
A reunion party of old schoolmates becomes the cause an engineer of airplanes to travel back in his life. He remembers his childhood and his extraordinary relationship with his cousin Marina. Along with the lives of the protagonists, the film presents the Greek society between 1955 and 1973. 
Reception.
Awards.
winner: 
nominated:

</doc>
<doc id="18496670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496670" title="Mathias Porseland">
Mathias Porseland

Mathias Porseland (born June 12, 1986) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for HC Lev Praha of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

</doc>
<doc id="18496681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496681" title="Glamour (2000 film)">
Glamour (2000 film)

Glamour is a 2000 Hungarian film directed by Frigyes Gödrös. It was Hungary's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18496691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496691" title="Oleksandr Berezhnoy">
Oleksandr Berezhnoy

Oleksandr Andriyevich (or Aleksandr Andreyevich) Berezhnoy () (born 8 December 1957 in Krasnodon) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Berezhnoy made his debut for USSR on 28 November 1976 in a friendly against Argentina. He played in qualifiers for the UEFA Euro 1980 (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18496702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496702" title="Stan Thomas (Australian footballer)">
Stan Thomas (Australian footballer)

Stan 'Dasher' Thomas (born 9 May 1892, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL during the late 1910s and early 1920s. 
Thomas first put on the Geelong guernsey in 1915 but sat out of the 1916 season. From 1917 to 1925 he was a regular member of Geelong's defence and at one stage represented Victoria at interstate football. He only played one finals match in his career, a Semi Final in 1923 against Fitzroy.
His career ended when he was given a 26 game suspension (the remainder of 1925 and all of 1926) for escalating an all-in brawl that involved players and team officials in Geelong's controversial Round 12, 1925 match against North Melbourne. 
Following his retirement, Thomas joined the coaching staff at North Melbourne and coached them for one game in the 1926 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18496707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496707" title="Mask of Desire">
Mask of Desire

Mask of Desire (; "Mukundo") is a 2000 Nepali film directed by Tsering Rhitar Sherpa. It was Nepal's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Plot.
The setting is the increasingly less visible ritual face of Kathmandu. Dipak, boyishly handsome, in his mid 1930s, a former football player in the army, works as an uniformed guard for a successful business. Saraswati, younger by two years, is a homely, virtuous woman, who adores her footballer husband. They live in a modest two-room apartment on the second floor of an old brick building with their two young girls, an ordinary, humble family, happy in most respects.
There is much anxiety over Saraswati’s imminent pregnancy. For, if there is one thing that life - or the gods - hasn’t given them, it is a son. Not unusual for a family in their society, it is an unresolved thread in their otherwise contented lives. Dipak wants a son, Saraswati wants him to be happy – these are sometimes deep-seated, other times lurking, desires which, if realized, will make their lives that much better.
One day, while doing her usual prayers at the Shiva-lingam shrine, a sadhu mysteriously appears and tells her only the goddess Tripura at the small brick shrine by the riverbank can answer her prayers. Saraswati does so hesitantly, and when a son is born she begins to believe her prayers were responsible. The couple’s joy is short-lived, however, for a few weeks later, the infant dies, bringing in its wake sorrow, anger, and guilt.
The once-happy family begins to breaks down. Saraswati becomes intermittently ill and begins to experience bouts of depression. When she finally goes back to the goddess who she believes gave her a son, only to cause her greater sorrow, the same sadhu appears and suggests she get “treated” by the jhankrini who is the spirit medium of the Tripura goddess.
Parallelly, we learn that the jhankrini, reputed as a healer, has her own particular history. As a young woman she had been married off to a mentally disturbed boy-husband, who kept running away from her and from life apparently, eventually committing suicide. It is known that people in vulnerable and unstable states are often “chosen” to be mediums for deities. Gita’s marriage and her sick husband’s tragic fate had made her gravely ill, causing her intense emotional turmoil, breakdowns, and visions, until she was diagnosed as being a “possessed”.
The jhankrini remains deeply ambivalent about the role that is thrust on her, and deeply yearning human love, however. All along, her relative and man-attendant warns her not to digress from her extraordinary path, hinting at the dire consequences of doing so.
It is not only fate but also their inner wants that bring Dipak, Saraswati and Gita (the jhankrini) together. Saraswati’s “treatment” by the jhankrini appears to be efficacious. In time the three become socially acquainted.
Saraswati is grateful to the jhankrini and also fascinated by the spirit medium, the jhankrini is touched by Saraswati’s and Dipak’s relationship, and by the boyish innocence of Dipak, which eventually serves as a foil for her misdirected passion. Dipak sidesteps Gita’s advances but is all the same smitten by the allure of something much larger than himself.
The loss of her son, the failure to please Dipak forever, as well as her fascination of and jealousy for Gita all combine to plunge Saraswati into a depression that threatens her sanity. Saraswati decides to act. She goes back to the shrine of the goddess at the riverbank, where it all began. Her communion with the goddess compels her to return to Gita, for the higher good, for herself and her husband, in spite of her baser feelings for Gita.
When Gita learns that Dipak approves of his wife seeking her healing, she feels redeemed. She prays to the goddess to grant her the powers to heal this time. For lately, she has been experiencing lapses to this God-given faculty, reminding us of her attendant’s warnings.
The day for Saraswati’s ritual cure falls on an important religious festival, when devotees pull around a gigantic wooden chariot with the gods inside it, a time of great festivity marked by an extreme collective frenzy. The healing is proceeding smoothly when something snaps. Suddenly the jhankrini and the patient are locked in a fierce tussle, as each one screams to onlookers that the other is bewitched, carrying the “bokshi”, as it is said.
The jhankrini beats Saraswati with the fearsome instruments reserved for driving out the “bokshi”, Saraswati with her hands and teeth in desperate defence of her life, while the intoxicated devotees beat drums in echo of the ritual frenzy outside. From such a finale - perhaps not of entirely human energies - only one emerges triumphant, but in the eerily quiet aftermath of the frenzied festival, we are left disturbed and unsure of just who was the one bewitched.
Reception.
The film received very good critical responses, and is generally hailed as a landmark Nepali film. The film's use of color and off beat story telling was unprecedented in Nepal. The film was Nepal's selection for OSCAR Academy Awards Consideration in Best Foreign Language Film in 2000. It went to be screened in many prestigious international film festivals like San Francisco International Film Festival, Vancouver International Film Festival, Goteborg International Film Festival, Fribourg International Film Festival, Fukuoka International Film Festival, Mumbai International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18496711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496711" title="Beyond Thirty">
Beyond Thirty

Beyond Thirty is a short science fiction novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It was written in 1915 and first published in "All Around Magazine" in February 1916, but did not appear in book form in Burroughs' lifetime. The first book edition was issued by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach's "Fantasy Press" fanzine in 1955; it then appeared in the collection "Beyond Thirty and The Man-Eater", published by Science-Fiction & Fantasy Publications in 1957. The work was retitled The Lost Continent for the first mass-market paperback edition, published by Ace Books in October 1963; all subsequent editions bore the new title until the Bison Books edition of March 2001, which restored the original title.
Plot.
The story was heavily influenced by the events of World War I, and reflects U.S. sentiments at the time of writing. When the war broke out, Americans were predominantly isolationist and wary of being drawn into a European war. Burroughs imagines a future two centuries onward in which that view prevailed and the western hemisphere severed contact with the rest of the world. Consequently, the eastern hemisphere has exhausted itself in war and Europe descended into barbarism while while the Americas, sheltered from the destruction, have continued to advance and joined peacefully into the union of Pan-America. By the twenty-second century the entire world east of the 30th meridian west and west of the 175th meridian east has become "terra incognita" to Pan-America.
In 2137, Pan-American Navy Lieutenant Jefferson Turck is commander of the aero-submarine "Coldwater", tasked with patrolling the 30th meridian from Iceland to the Azores. Disaster strikes when the vessel's anti-gravitation screens fail, dooming it to wallow upon the surface of the ocean, and the engines fail, leaving it adrift. As its wireless radio has failed as well, Turck cannot even summon help. It is implied that the perfidy of the "Coldwater"’s second officer is behind its misfortunes, as well as the abandonment Turck and three companions at sea in a small boat in the course of its repairs.
Adrift, Turck and his companions are forced to make shore in forbidden England. Turck falls into the hands of raiders from the Abyssinian Empire, a black super-state ruling all of Africa, most of Europe, and the Arabian peninsula. While the Abyssinians' technology is roughly equivalent to that of the nineteenth century, the white savages that populate Europe in Turck’s time are no match for them. The Abyssinians consider whites a lower order and take them as slaves. Turck too is pressed into slavery. Becoming the personal servant of an Abyssinian colonel he is treated better than many of his fellow slaves, but is rankled by his status.
Turck's master takes him to the court of the Abyssinian Emperor, Menelek XIV. Menelek is portrayed as gross and cruel, perhaps once a great man, but now corrupted by power. Turck watches powerless as white slave women are offered to the emperor for his harem, including the heroine Victory, queen of the primitives of England. Eventually Turck succeeds in rescuing Victory and makes his way with her to the rival empire of China. Communications between the hemispheres are re-opened, with commerce to follow, and Turck, despite violating the edict against crossing the 30th meridian, is hailed as a hero in Pan-America.
Copyright.
The copyright for this story has expired in the United States and, thus, now resides in the public domain there.

</doc>
<doc id="18496739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496739" title="Don Scott (Ontario author)">
Don Scott (Ontario author)

Don Scott (May 19, 1924 - December 6, 2011) is a retired school teacher, writer and sometime political candidate based in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. He is a graduate of the University of Toronto, holds a Master of Science degree from Guelph University, and is self-educated in the field of degenerative diseases. Scott has been a candidate for both the New Democratic Party and the Canadian Action Party, and formed a short-lived party called Ontario Options in mid-1990s.
Early life and career.
Scott was born in Wiarton, Ontario. He joined the Royal Canadian Navy on July 15, 1941 and served in the Pacific and North Atlantic during World War II, including a stint on the HMCS Ontario. He wrote a guest piece on his experiences for the "Toronto Star" newspaper in 1997, and has written similar pieces for the "Sudbury Star". In 1948, he was discharged with the rank of Petty Officer.
He worked as a teacher after leaving the military, and was a commissioner of the Ontario Teachers' Pension Fund from 1971 to 1976. He criticized the Ontario Secondary School Teachers Federation's retirement scheme in 1979, arguing that senior staff members were receiving "immoral" increases via dubious means. In 1984, he promoted a series of retirement villages for teachers throughout Ontario.
Medical work.
In 1995, Scott assisted a Sudbury woman in her successful battle to have chronic fatigue syndrome officially recognized as a debilitating disease. He developed a personal interest in the subject, and conducted private research on degenerative diseases from 1995 to 1999. In 1995, he and his son William wrote a book entitled "The Extremely Unfortunate Skull Valley Incident", examining an American test of nerve gas in the Skull Valley area that caused the death of thousands of sheep. The Scotts wrote a follow-up book called "The Brucellosis Triangle" in 1997, hypothesizing a link between CFS and brucella bacteria. Scott has frequently argued that CFS and related conditions should be recognized as legitimate illnesses, and rejects the view that they are "learned behaviour designed to help the patient avoid facing life".
Scott founded the Common Cause Medical Research Foundation in 1998, seeking to draw together researchers working in the field of degenerative diseases. In July 1999, he introduced a quarterly publication called "The Journal of Degenerative Diseases". The journal was published by the "Sudbury Star", and edited by Scott himself. He launched another new publication in 2003, with the title "able".
Scott has hypothesized that mycoplasma (crystalline elements of dead bacteria cells) may remain dormant in human bodies and become reinvigorated as the result of traumatic events, thereby robbing other cells of ammonia. This process, he has argued, is the cause of many degenerative disorders. Gary Nicholson of the Institute of Molecular Medicine in California has described Scott's research as "mind-boggling", and convinced him to become an adjunct professor at the institution. Scott's writings are also very critical of the American military establishment and its biological warfare experiments, which he blames for the spread of many diseases. In 2004 and 2005, he focused his attention on Alzheimer's Disease and proposed a clinical trial to reverse some effects of the illness.
In a 2001 interview with the "Sudbury Star", Scott said that he was able to bring forward unconventional medical theories because he was self-taught, and "not predisposed to think in a way that someone taught me to think". This piece also described his writings as "thorough and highly engaging."
Politics.
Scott entered political life as a member of the Cooperative Commonwealth Federation (CCF), and ran for the party in the 1953 federal election. He finished third against Liberal incumbent Jack Smith in the riding of York North.
The CCF was restructured as the New Democratic Party in 1960-61. Scott remained active with the new party, and ran under its banner in the 1967 provincial election and the 1974 federal election. He finished second on both occasions, the first time to Progressive Conservative Gaston Demers in Nickel Belt, and the second time to Liberal Jim Jerome in Sudbury.
He became disillusioned with the NDP during the government of Bob Rae (1990–95), and started his own political party called Ontario Options in June 1994. According to a "Montreal Gazette" report, the party proposed that Canada be divided into five countries: Quebec, Ontario, Atlantic and Prairie federations, and a federation of British Columbia with the northern territories. Scott was the party's only member at the time of its national registration, and ran under its banner in the 1995 provincial election. As it was recognized as an official party by Elections Ontario, he appeared on the ballot as an independent. He finished a distant fourth against Liberal candidate Rick Bartolucci in Sudbury. Scott was still listed as president of the Ontario Options Party in December 2000, when he wrote a letter opposing the amalgamation of Greater Sudbury.
Scott later affiliated with Paul Hellyer's Canadian Action Party at the federal level, and ran for the party in the 1997 federal election. He finished fifth against Liberal incumbent Ray Bonin in Nickel Belt. Scott was chairman of the Canadian Action Party's northern caucus in the 2000 federal election. He said that the party's main goal was "to protect Canada from the growing Americanization of our nation".
Shortly before the 2003 provincial election, Scott wrote a public letter calling on all former New Democrats to return to the party. He wrote that the Rae government had "largely ignored promises about public auto insurance and other social issues", but also argued that the party had moved on since then, and described Rae's successor Howard Hampton as "reasoned, honest intelligent".
Other.
Scott played a significant role in organizing a symposium on John F. Kennedy in Sudbury in 1993. He helped organize Health Awareness Week in 2000, to support Canada's health-care system and educate at-risk groups about disease concerns.
Shortly after the September 11, 2001 attacks, he wrote a letter to the "Sudbury Star" criticizing the paper for running an editorial cartoon that he described as "sick, prejudiced, racist unfeeling". In the same letter, he supported the rights of the Palestinian people.

</doc>
<doc id="18496779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496779" title="Tyler Zeller">
Tyler Zeller

Tyler Paul Zeller (born January 17, 1990) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the NBA. He is the nephew of former NBA player Al Eberhard, and the brother of Charlotte Bobcats player Cody Zeller and former Phoenix Suns player Luke Zeller.
High school.
Born in Visalia, California, Tyler Zeller grew up in Washington, Indiana, attending Washington High School. In his four years at Washington High, his team won four sectional titles, as well as state Class 3A championships in his freshman and senior years (2005 and 2008). In his senior year, he averaged 33.1 points and 11.0 rebounds per game, and also shot 69% from the field and 82% from the free throw line. In his final high school game, the '08 Class 3A final against Fort Wayne Harding, he scored 47 points, which broke a record for scoring by a player in an Indiana boys' state championship game that had stood since 1970. He was not only a basketball superstar, but also played on Washington High's tennis team for three years, and finished his high school career with a 3.99 grade point average on a 4.0 scale, good for third in his graduating class. After the 2008 season, he was named "Mr. Basketball" in Indiana, the state's highest honor for high school players. He received the title three years after his brother Luke and three years before his brother Cody were honored with the same award. He was also named a McDonald's All-American.
During the early stages of the signing period in November 2007, Zeller signed a letter of intent to play at North Carolina. When the university announced his signing, Tar Heels head coach Roy Williams said about Zeller, "I think he is the finest running big man in the country and he has a tremendous shooting touch to go with that ability to run the floor." Zeller notably exhibited that shooting touch at a high school all-star game during the 2008 Kentucky Derby Festival, at which he won the event's three-point shooting contest.
College career.
Zeller started the first two games of the 2008-09 season in place of the previous season's consensus national Player of the Year, Tyler Hansbrough, who was sidelined with a stress reaction in his right shin. In his first game, he scored 18 points in Carolina's season-opening win over Penn.
The Tar Heels' next game, on November 18, was against another equally storied team, Kentucky. The Heels scored a surprisingly easy 77–58 win over the Wildcats, but suffered another injury blow, this time involving Zeller. With 1:26 left in the game, Zeller went for a breakaway dunk off a turnover, but was fouled by Kentucky's Ramon Harris before he could score. Zeller fell to the floor awkwardly, got up, and was taken to the locker room holding his left wrist.
X-rays showed that Zeller had broken both of the major bones in his lower left arm (the radius and ulna). The day after the injury, he had surgery at UNC Hospitals to repair the broken bones. In early January 2009, Zeller's cast was removed.
Zeller made his return during his freshman season on February 18, 2009, in the Tar Heels' home game against North Carolina State, playing 8 minutes and scoring 2 points.
As a sophomore, Zeller averaged 9.3 points per game on 52.1% shooting and 4.6 rebounds per game in limited action off the bench.
Zeller averaged 15.7 points per game during his junior year. He shot 54.7% and averaged 7.2 rebounds per game. He had a more active role, playing an average of 28.1 minutes per game, significantly more than the 17.4 minutes per game during his sophomore campaign.
Zeller averaged 16.5 points per game on 55.3% shooting during his senior season. He also played an average of 28.2 minutes per game.
Zeller was voted to the All-ACC First Team his senior year and was named the ACC Player of the Year. Zeller was also named a second team all American by the Sporting News and the USBWA as a senior. Both accolades made him eligible to have his jersey honored in the rafters of the Smith Center at the conclusion of his college career.
Professional career.
Zeller announced that he was entering the 2012 NBA Draft along with North Carolina teammates Harrison Barnes, Kendall Marshall and John Henson. He was selected by the Dallas Mavericks with the 17th pick in the 2012 NBA Draft, and was the fourth Tar Heel to be selected in the first round of the draft. He was subsequently traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
On December 19, 2012, Zeller scored a career high 20 points against the Boston Celtics.

</doc>
<doc id="18496780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496780" title="Kilbeheny">
Kilbeheny

Kilbehenny () is a village in County Limerick, Ireland, on the R639 regional road. It is situated on the County Cork border and is within two kilometers of the County Tipperary border. The village is east of Mitchelstown, the nearest town, and 1 km from Junction 12 of the M8 Dublin to Cork motorway.
Transport.
Until 30th June 2012 Kilbehenny was served by Bus Éireann Expressway route 8 from Cork to Dublin.
See also.
Kilbeheny is home to a medieval cemetery, Kilbehenney Graveyard 
(also known as Kilbehenny Graveyard, Kilbeheny Graveyard). Gravestones located in that cemetery can be found at FIND A GRAVE website: 
http://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=cr&CRid=2264667

</doc>
<doc id="18496794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496794" title="W45BM">
W45BM

W45BM was a low-power television station in Quincy, Illinois, broadcasting locally on UHF channel 45. The station's license was cancelled by the Federal Communications Commission on October 28, 2010, due to the station's activity for more than a year. It is unknown what programming this station has offered. MS Communications, based in Los Angeles, has held eight low-powered licenses in Quincy, including W45BM -- all cancelled on the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="18496804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496804" title="Eatonville, Nova Scotia">
Eatonville, Nova Scotia

Eatonville is a former lumber and shipbuilding village in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia. It includes a large tidal harbour at the mouth of the Eatonville Brook beside several dramatic sea stacks known as the "Three Sisters". It was founded in 1864 and abandoned in the 1940s. The site of the village is now part of Cape Chignecto Provincial Park.
At first known as "Three Sisters", the village was founded by the Eaton family who built the community as a sawmill settlement for their extensive timber holdings across Cape Chignecto. A shipyard at the harbour produced over 20 large vessels beginning with the 1000 ton barque "Chignecto" in 1874 and finishing with the tern schooner "J. L. Ralston" in 1919. Eatonville ships were noteworthy enough to attract coverage from "Harpers Weekly Magazine" which published an illustrated feature article on the launch of the barque "Argenta" at the Eaton's yard in 1890. A notable example was the large ship "Joseph H. Scammell" built at Eatonville in 1884 which became a famous shipwreck in Australia when she sank in 1891. Eatonville Harbour attracted considerable shipping for the timber export trade. Two small tugs were based at the harbour to assist in docking ships and moving timber rafts and the volume of shipping led to the construction of the Eatonville Lighthouses on the beach south of the wharf which operated from 1909 to 1923. The harbour witnessed several shipwrecks including the spectacular wreck of the three masted schooner "Marjorie J. Sumner" which was severely damaged in the harbour in 1906 when it toppled over at low tide and was crushed by its large deckload of timber. The shipyard and large sawmill were located at the harbour while the main village, known as "the Old Town" was located inland. The two were connected by a "tramway", a horse-drawn pole railway. The Eatonville Mill was a large steam-powered operation which could produce of lumber a day, but the Eatons "preferred to cut less, waste nothing and strive for quality." This allowed them to make the most sustainable use of their Cape Chignecto timber holdings which also had the advantage of very few forest fires because the "fog forests" of Cape Chignecto are constantly damp from Bay of Fundy fogs. A network of logging camps across Cape Chignecto connected by trails and log driving streams fed the Eatonville Mills while the adjacent settlement of New Yarmouth provided supplies, horse teams and workers.
The village had a population of 350 people in its peak years. The Eatons sold their holdings to the Elderkin family in 1897. The population dwindled after World War One as timber stands were exhausted and wooden shipbuilding collapsed. The village was largely abandoned by the 1930s. The last year-round resident left in 1943, although the descendants of several Eatonville families maintain cabins in the area. The surrounding forests were logged by various Cumberland County Mills but especially for pulpwood by the Scott Paper Company until the 1980s. A seasonal wilderness public road for off road vehicles named the "Eatonville Road" is maintained by volunteers and leads from Advocate to Eatonville and through to Spicers Cove. In 1989, the Eatonville site became part of Cape Chignecto Provincial Park. The old village site is crossed by the park's main backpacking trail which follows the former tramway for several kilometres and connects to a bunkhouse and wilderness campsites at Eatonville's "Old Town" site. Scenic look-offs and short day hikes looking over Eatonville Harbour and the Three Sisters and a seasonal interpretation centre accessible by car from Spicers Cove opened at Eatonville in July 2009. The interpretation centre closed due to environmental problems in 2013 but the trails and look offs remain open.

</doc>
<doc id="18496810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496810" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1975–1977">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1975–1977

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1975 to 1977, as elected at the 1975 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18496815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496815" title="Lev Brovarskyi">
Lev Brovarskyi

Lev Rudolfovych Brovarskyi () (born 30 November 1948 in Drohobych – 4 June 2009 Lviv) was a Soviet football player and a Ukrainian coach.
International career.
Brovarskyi played his only game for USSR on 28 April 1971 in a friendly match against Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="18496847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496847" title="USS Snowbell (AN-52)">
USS Snowbell (AN-52)

USS "Snowbell" (YN-71/AN-52) was a which served the U.S. Navy during World War II. She operated in the Pacific Ocean until she was destroyed by Typhoon Louise off Okinawa, 9 October 1945.
Career.
"Snowbell" (AN-52) was laid down on 3 May 1943 by Pollock-Stockton Shipbuilding Co., Stockton, California, as "YN-71"; launched on 14 September 1943; redesignated as "AN-52" on 20 January 1944; and commissioned on 16 March 1944, Lt. Comdr. Robert W. Nordstrom, USNR, in command. "Snowbell" began her shakedown cruise from the San Diego, California, area on 16 April 1944. She was then ordered to San Pedro, California, to maintain the extensive harbor net installation there and also act as a training ship for the Small Craft Training Center. 
On 24 December 1944, the ship entered the yard of Craig Shipbuilding Corp., Long Beach, California, for alteration and refitting. Her main mast was removed and two 20 millimeter guns were added. On 27 January 1945, loaded with nets and moorings, "Snowbell" sailed for Pearl Harbor, Territory of Hawaii.
"Snowbell" arrived at Pearl Harbor on 6 February. A week later, she sailed for Ulithi, via Eniwetok and Johnston Island. The net tender remained there from 6 to 11 March; sailed for San Pedro, Leyte Gulf; and departed there on the 19th for operations in preparation or the amphibious assault on Okinawa Gunto. The net layer entered the anchorage at Kerama Retto on 28 March and began laying a curtain of nets to protect American shipping from possible submarine attack.
"Snowbell" tended nets at Kerama Retto until 15 May and then moved to Buckner Bay. On the 25th, she shot down her first enemy plane, a single-engine fighter plane, which crashed a few hundred yards from the ship. She continued operating in waters around Okinawa after the war had ended until early October. On 9 October, a typhoon with winds of approximately 150 miles per hour struck the area and "Snowbell". Her stern anchor let go, and she collided with "Chinquapin" (AN-17) on the starboard side. At 1630, she went aground. On the reef only a few minutes, the ship's timbers began to break up. The ship was pounded by high winds and heavy seas. The next morning, the commanding officer ordered all hands to leave the ship lest she capsize.
On 30 October, an Inspection and Survey Board found the ship was unsalvageable. All equipment and stores were removed, and she was decommissioned on 5 December. "Snowbell" was struck from the Navy list on 19 December 1945, and her hulk was blown up on 14 January 1946.
Snowbell received one battle star for World War II service in the Okinawa Gunto operation.

</doc>
<doc id="18496853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496853" title="Daniel Brückner">
Daniel Brückner

Daniel Brückner (born 14 February 1981 in Rostock) is a German football player of Algerian origin who is currently playing as a midfielder for SC Paderborn in the German 2. Bundesliga.
International career.
Although born in Germany, Brückner's father is Algerian and the player has indicated that he has received Algerian citizenship and is interested in representing the country in international competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18496858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496858" title="Brood XIV">
Brood XIV

Brood XIV (also known as Brood 14) is one of 15 separate broods of periodical cicadas that appear regularly throughout the midwestern United States. Every 17 years, Brood XIV tunnels "en masse" to the surface of the ground, lays eggs, and then die off in several weeks. 
Although entomologist C. L. Marlatt published an account in 1907 in which he argued for the existence of 30 broods, over the years a number have been consolidated and only 15 are recognized today as being distinct. Brood XIV is among the 12 different broods with 17-year cycles.
Its last appearance was in the spring and early summer of 2008, and will emerge again in 2025 and 2042.
The 4-centimeter long black insects do not sting or bite. Once they emerge, they spend their short two-week lives climbing trees, shedding their crunchy skins and reproducing. They can number up to a million per hectare.
2008 Emergence.
In 2008 in Massachusetts, Brood XIV severely damaged trees in Mashpee and Falmouth. The damage was highly localized, due to the lack of built-up areas in those towns; trees as close as five miles away were not damaged.
That same year in North Carolina, the hatching caused major damage to many residential trees and small-scale non-industrial orchards, especially around Asheville. Major orchards in the region remained unharmed.

</doc>
<doc id="18496885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496885" title="Microdispensing">
Microdispensing

Microdispensing is the technique of producing liquid media dosages in volumes of less than one microlitre.
The continuing miniaturization in almost all technical areas creates constant challenges for industry, development and research facilities. Microdispensing is one of those challenges. Ever smaller amounts of adhesive, liquid, oil, grease and a multitude of other media must be dispensed reliably and accurately in dosage and placement with shortest cycle times.
The precise positioning and quantity of fluids such as glue, reagents or any other substance has a great influence on the overall quality of the medical device involved.A few examples are:
Micro-dosing systems with a quantity as small as 50 picolitres
Volumetric systems for use with adhesives and spraying systems for silicone coating needles and other surfaces
Dispensing techniques.
There are two basic types of dispensing techniques: classic contact dispensing and non-contact dispensing.
Contact dispensing.
In contact dispensing, the drop forms at the exit of a nozzle, and is deposited by contact, while the drop is still on the nozzle. The technique is as old as the wish to divide a medium, stored in a big container, into smaller amounts. A good example for this is applying adhesive with a tube: To apply the adhesive requires contact between the tip of the tube and the part for the bead of adhesive to be transferred. This method has disadvantages:
Despite all of these disadvantages, contact dispensing is still used in the majority of automated processes today, because of:
Typical technologies for contact dispensing.
Gear pump
Pressure-time systems
Non-contact dispensing (Jetting).
In non-contact dispensing, the drop also forms at the end of a nozzle, but far enough away from the target area that the drop separates from the nozzle before it hits. This, too, is a very old technique, as old as squirting liquid from a tube.
Because of increasing requirements in regards to cycle time and accuracy in almost all areas of production, non-contact dispensing is constantly gaining importance. A good example for this is the attachment of very small electronic parts (SMD parts) onto printed circuit boards and substrates. For this, the part carrier only needs to be positioned in one plane - after that the adhesive can be transferred without contact. The following examples show the advantages of non-contact dispensing:
Non-contact dispensing can be divided in two different methods:
Jet-forming dispensing.
Jet-forming dispensing exists when the flow velocity of a medium at the nozzle exit is high enough that the effects of gravitation and surface tension on the separation of the fluid from the nozzle are of secondary importance. This state is characterized by the Weber number:
where
The physical border line between drop- and jet-forming is around a Weber-number of 8. At this point the dynamic pressure of the flowing medium exceeds the pressure from the surface tension of the drop, which therefore sticks to the nozzle. This transitional stage can be demonstrated at a water tap by gradually increasing the flow, going from the dropping status until a continuous water jet has formed. The Weber-number in this case is, however, clearly above 8, because of the jet exit conditions of the nozzle.
By using the Weber-number, the theoretical lower limit of the mass flow can be found for the jet-forming conditions. In actual applications, to assure a safe dispensing process, the real Weber-numbers chosen should be between 20 and 50.
For a calculated estimation of the fluid flow velocity in the nozzle, for fluids with Newtonian flow behavior, the formula for capillary fluid flow according to the Hagen–Poiseuille law has been proven.
To avoid atomizing of the fluid at the nozzle exit, the fluid flow in the nozzle must be laminar, which is the case as long as the Reynolds number (Re) of the nozzle is smaller than the critical Reynolds-number of the nozzle:
Reynolds-number of the nozzle:
Critical Reynolds-number of the nozzle:
Thus, the theoretical range of the jet-forming dispension is enclosed at its lower limit by the Weber-number and at its upper limit by the critical Reynolds-number. For practical applications, a high kinetic energy in the fluid jet is not desirable, because the jet probably would burst and spatter tiny droplets around the target point. Jet-forming dispensing systems are therefore usually operated in the area of lower Weber-numbers.
In practice, the calculation of the Weber-number becomes more complicated when fluids with additives are used, which demonstrate a non-Newtonian (i.e. thixotropic) flow behavior and therefore the viscosity during the flow through the nozzle is different.
Dynamic drop dispensing.
• High dispensing frequencies can be realised (some kHz)
• Low costs for mass production
• Only certain low-viscosity media are dispensable (i.e. no volatile media)
• Principally not leak-proof
For industrial production, the dispensing amounts and the range of viscosity spectra of ink-jet systems for most applications are too small. In these fields of production, specially-designed valves with tappet drives of high dynamic are used instead. These microdispensing systems are characterised by the following properties:
• Single drop volumes from 10 to 200 nanolitres
• Dispensing frequencies up to 100 Hz
• Dispensing accuracy < 1%
• Media viscosities up to 200 Pa·s (thixotropic)
Media.
Given the specific dispensing knowledge, a huge number of media can be dispensed without contact. 
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 

</doc>
<doc id="18496895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496895" title="Immortel">
Immortel

Immortel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18496918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496918" title="Bureaucrash">
Bureaucrash

Bureaucrash was an international network of libertarian activists whose stated goals are "decreasing the scope of government" and "increasing individual freedom" which engages in culture jamming.
History.
Bureaucrash was founded in 2001 by businessman Al Rosenberg and the Henry Hazlitt Foundation in an attempt to use the Internet to spread what the group calls "pro-freedom" ideals. The following year, the Henry Hazlitt Foundation went out of business and was absorbed into the International Society for Individual Liberty. Bureaucrash survived its parent organization, and in March 2006, an interview with then "Crasher-in-Chief" Jason Talley, on the Competitive Enterprise Institute's website, stated that "In March, Bureaucrash and CEI formed a new strategic partnership to combine the strengths of each organization to help spread the ideas of liberty."
Initially, Bureaucrash pitched itself as "a network of guerrilla activists who oppose the growing disease of the bureaucratic state" and emphasized that "we come from all backgrounds and ideologies, but share in common a conviction that the bloated administrative government is the greatest threat to our freedom, creativity and sense of choice." The following year the group's website was more explicit about its political slant stating that it "develops full scale campaigns and web resources for libertarian guerilla activism."
Following Jason Talley's departure from the position of "Crasher-in-Chief," friend and fellow activist Pete Eyre became the new head of the organization until his departure in early 2009 to take part in a new project, the Motorhome Diaries: Searching for freedom in America. Not coincidentally, Talley later worked with Eyre on the Motorhome Diaries. Eyre had previously worked at the Institute for Humane Studies as the director of the Campus Network program, as a Koch Fellow at the Drug Policy Alliance and as an intern at the Cato Institute in Foreign Policy and Defense.
Activism.
Past actions by "'crashers" have taken the form of holding counter-demonstrations at key progressive events and filming themselves either with provocative placards or interacting with the attendees. At a March 2001 rally against a speech by David Horowitz at the University of California, Berkley, 'crashers staged a counterprotest on free speech grounds. Actions have included demonstrating against the 2003 invasion of Iraq, picketing the World Health Organization conference with the message that capitalism saves lives, throwing powdered chalk on The Yes Men after The Yes Men failed in an attempt to infiltrate the Cato Institute, and demonstrating at the movie Sicko to protest against socialized healthcare. Bureaucrash took part in Tea Party protests on July 4 and the July 17th protest against health care reform. Bureaucrash is listed as a co-sponsor for the 9/12 DC protest.
Perception.
Libertarian historian Brian Doherty described Bureaucrash in "Radicals for Capitalism" as "a gang of libertarian college kids who prank leftists at major international events by taking the implications of their policies to absurd extremes, which the lefties tend not to even notice. Bureaucrash created a fake group it called 'Progressives Against Progress' whose symbol was a caveman with a club."
Bureaucrash was called a group "where punk rock meets the gold standard" in "The Wall Street Journal".
The network's work has been favorably showcased by prominent British libertarian blog Samizdata.
Funding.
Bureaucrash is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. It was established in 2001 with funding from the now-defunct Henry Hazlitt Foundation. As of March, 2006 the group has been sponsored by the Competitive Enterprise Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="18496947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496947" title="Mary Downer">
Mary Downer

Mary Downer, Lady Downer (née Gosse, born 13 December 1924) is a prominent South Australian patron, wife of deceased MP and high commissioner Sir Alexander Downer, and mother of former Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer. Mary became Lady Downer in 1965 when her husband was knighted.
Mary and her four brothers were raised in Adelaide where she was educated at Seymour College, a private Uniting Church school for girls. Her father, Sir James Gosse, was a prominent Adelaide businessman and philanthropist, as was her grandfather Robert Barr Smith. At the age of 18, in the thick of World War II, Mary, like her brothers before her, enlisted in the Army. She joined the Searchlight Battalion where she served as a truck driver in Western Australia.
Lady Downer moved to London with her husband in 1964 as he took up the post of Australian High Commissioner. Here she became involved in an Australian expatriate community, establishing the Chicken and Chablis Club which remains active today.
Lady Downer has been an active patron of the Mary Potter Foundation since 1994 . The Mary Potter Foundation works to raise funds to support the work of the Mary Potter Hospice operated by Calvary Health Care Adelaide and to support the development of services to the terminally ill and their families by the Mary Potter Hospice through the provision of additional buildings, facilities, equipment and/or services.
Lady Downer was the primary patron of the Barossa Valley Music Festival in South Australia until its termination in 2005.
An article on Lady Downer was featured in the Spring 2008 issue of Barossa Living.

</doc>
<doc id="18496955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496955" title="Yuri Vasenin">
Yuri Vasenin

Yuri Nikolayevich Vasenin () (born October 2, 1948 in Chernyakhovsk) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Russian coach.
International career.
Vasenin made his debut for USSR on June 29, 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay. He played in the qualifiers for 1974 FIFA World Cup (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18496968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18496968" title="WTA New Jersey">
WTA New Jersey

The WTA New Jersey is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played from 1978 to 1989. It was held in Mahwah, New Jersey in the United States and played on outdoor hard courts.
Steffi Graf was the most successful player at the tournament, winning the singles competition three times and the doubles competition in 1989 partnering American Pam Shriver.

</doc>
<doc id="18497003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497003" title="Locksport">
Locksport

Locksport refers to the sport or recreation that aims to defeat locking systems. Its enthusiasts learn a variety of skills including lock picking, lock bumping, and a variety of other skills traditionally known only to locksmiths and other security professionals. Locksport followers enjoy the challenge and excitement of learning to defeat all forms of locks, and often gather together in sport groups to share knowledge, exchange ideas, and participate in a variety of recreational activities and contests.
History.
Lock picking has been around for as long as locks have, and recreational lock picking has been as well. King Louis XVI of France (1754–1793) was a keen designer, picker and manipulator of locks, physicist Richard Feynman picked locks for fun in the 1940s while employed on the Manhattan Project. Notes from the MIT Roof and Tunnel Hacking community were made widely available in 1991 as "The MIT Guide to Lock Picking".
However, as an organized hobby, lock picking is a relatively recent phenomenon. The earliest known organized group of lock picking enthusiasts is the German club SSDeV (Sportsfreunde der Sperrtechnik - Deutschland e.V. or, translated Sportsenthusiasts of Lockpicking – Germany). SSDeV was founded by Steffen Wernéry in 1997. As the group grew in Germany, another group was founded in The Netherlands in 1999. This group, originally called NVHS, and currently called TOOOL (The Open Organisation Of Lockpickers), has also helped to pioneer the collaborative hobby of lock picking.
The term "locksport" was adopted by lock picking enthusiasts as a way of differentiating what they do from locksmiths, as well as from those who might choose to pick locks for nefarious purposes. As of early 2005, the term had been suggested, but not widely adopted. The creation of the sport group Locksport International in July 2005, founded by Josh Nekrep, Kim Bohnet, and Devon McDormand of LockPicking101.com, helped to solidify the term within the community, and today the term is widely adopted in North America by those who practice the craft for fun and sport. Locksport International is now under the direction of Doug Farre.
Philosophy.
At the core of locksport is the philosophical belief in responsible full disclosure. Locksport enthusiasts target security through obscurity that is common within the locksmith industry, as well as among lock manufacturers. Those who choose to participate in locksport often seek to discover security vulnerabilities and notify lock manufacturers as well as, in some instances, the public, in an effort to promote improvements in the field of physical security and to aid consumers in making better, more informed decisions about their own security. This philosophy is contradictory to that held by many locksmith organizations, and locksport enthusiasts have come under attack for releasing information about lesser-known vulnerabilities. Nonetheless, locksport enthusiasts persist in discovering weaknesses in all forms of physical security.
Activities.
At locksport meetings, members regularly participate in a variety of activities such as lock challenges, lock relay races, standardized tests, and many other such activities dreamed up by the members themselves.
One such activity is known as the Padlock Challenge, where members each start with a predefined number of padlocks linked together. As participants pick a lock, they attach the lock to the chain of padlocks of another participant. The goal is to be the first to rid oneself of all one's locks. Another common activity is some form of speed challenge, where members are given a limited time to pick a lock, or compete for the best time on one or more locks.
Contests.
There are several organized lock picking contests that are held each year. Both SSDeV and TOOOL.NL hold a major contest each year, attended by hobbyists and travelers from around the globe. In North America, contests are held at the Defcon Convention in Las Vegas each year, and the HOPE Convention every second year. Rules and format of contests vary from event to event.
"Locksport fans compete in several formats, including head-to-head contests that determine the fastest lock picker. In the so-called Locksport Wizard, each contestant is given a burlap sack containing an identical set of locks and is required to blindly pick them using only tools they have put in the sack.
In other challenges, participants have to pick their way out of handcuffs before attempting to defeat a set of locks. There also are competitions to disassemble locks and reassemble them properly."
Conventions.
Though there are currently no conventions exclusive to locksport, enthusiasts have found acceptance among a variety of hacker conventions.DEFCON and HOPE are the most notable. At each of these conventions a dedicated area called "The Lock Picking Village" is set up where contests and presentations are held. Here, attendees can learn to pick locks and watch others practice and compete.
Ethics.
Because lock picking is sometimes viewed as a nefarious craft, locksport enthusiasts uphold a very rigorous standard of ethics. The credo of locksports has often been described as:
You may only pick locks that you own, or those to which you’ve been given express permission to pick by the rightful owner.
In an effort to keep lock picking skill away from those who would abuse it, members of locksport groups uphold a zero-tolerance for illegal or immoral lock picking, bypass, or other forms of entry. Though accounts of lock picking being used for crime are statistically very low, locksport enthusiasts feel they must uphold such strict standards to repudiate the often held misconception that they are participating in illegal activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18497027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497027" title="The Old Inn">
The Old Inn

The Old Inn, also known as the Old Brick Inn, was built "circa" 1816 in Saint Michaels, Maryland. It is unusual for Maryland in possessing two-story porches on both its front and back sides. 

</doc>
<doc id="18497036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497036" title="Longmont Potion Castle Volume 6">
Longmont Potion Castle Volume 6

Longmont Potion Castle Volume 6 is the seventh album of prank phone calls by the anonymous artist known only as Longmont Potion Castle. It was released January 1, 2008 by DU Records.
LPC noted in a 2007 interview that he was inspired to finish the record after stumbling onto the hispanic bar owner featured on "Moisturization", "Citation", and "Sandyman". The victim, called dozens of times at his Los Angeles-area business, "was a random number I called when I was bored one day. It ended up becoming the highlight of the album — he gets really, really angry."

</doc>
<doc id="18497048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497048" title="Taxation as theft">
Taxation as theft

The identification of taxation as theft is a viewpoint found in a number of political philosophies. Under this view, government transgresses property rights by enforcing compulsory tax collection. Anarcho-capitalists and Objectivists see taxation as government violation of the non-aggression principle.
Murray Rothbard argued in "The Ethics of Liberty" that taxation is theft and that tax resistance is therefore legitimate: "Just as no one is morally required to answer a robber truthfully when he asks if there are any valuables in one’s house, so no one can be morally required to answer truthfully similar questions asked by the State, e.g., when filling out income tax returns."
Supporters of taxation usually assert that no such violation of rights is taking place. Supporters argue that "theft" must be considered in the context of the system of government in place. One justification of taxation is contained in social contracts. The general view is that taxation is required to fund basic provisions that enhance economic growth (i.e. law and order, transport/telecom/energy infrastructure) though some economists claim taxation is forced wealth distribution very similar to theft and just as crime it has a major negative impact on a country’s GDP. 

</doc>
<doc id="18497067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497067" title="Little Crumb">
Little Crumb

Little Crumb () is a 1999 Dutch film directed by Maria Peters. It was the Netherlands' submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18497098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497098" title="Chaunskaya Bay">
Chaunskaya Bay

The Chaunskaya Bay or Chaun Bay () is an Arctic bay in the East Siberian Sea, in the Chaunsky District of Chukotka, northeast Siberia. 
The bay is open to the north and is 140 km in length. Its maximum width is 110 km. Its mouth is defined by Cape Shelagsky to the east and an unnamed part of Ayon Island to the west. It narrows where the Pevek Peninsula on the east approaches Ayon Island. 
Owing to is northerly location Chaunskaya Bay is covered with ice most of the year. 
This bay is the center of one of the larger lowlands in Chukotka. A number of rivers flow into the southeastern corner: Chaun River, Ichuveyem River, Palyavaam River, Lelyuveyem River and Pucheveyem River. There is a protected natural area in the southeast.
Lake Elgygytgyn is about 160km southeast and the town of Bilibino about 160km southwest.
The first Russian to reach the area was probably Mikhail Stadukhin in 1649. There is a port at Pevek.

</doc>
<doc id="18497115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497115" title="Severian (disambiguation)">
Severian (disambiguation)

Severian can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18497116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497116" title="Anak (film)">
Anak (film)

Anak ("The Child") is a critically acclaimed award-winning 2000 Filipino film directed by Rory Quintos starring Vilma Santos and Claudine Barretto with Baron Geisler. It was the Philippines' submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The film has been restored by ABS-CBN Film Archive. The restored version premiered on ABS-CBN's movie channel, Cinema One, on May 22, 2013.
Plot.
A woman struggling to make a better life for her family finds that her efforts have caused a rift between her and her children in this downbeat family drama. Josie (Vilma Santos) is a mother of three from the Philippines who took a job in Hong Kong, working as a nanny for a wealthy couple for several years. Josie knew she could make far more money in Hong Kong than she could at home, but she also had qualms about how this would affect her children, especially when her husband died not long after she left. When Josie returns home, she has gifts for everyone and has saved a large percentage of her salary, which she plans to use to start a business; but her children don't welcome their mother with open arms. The younger kids, Daday (Sheila May Alvero) and Michael (Baron Geisler), are guarded around Josie, and while in time they are able to mend their relationship with their mother, the oldest, Carla (Claudine Barretto) does nothing to disguise her resentment for what she sees as a callous abandonment of her family. Carla openly challenges Josie's authority, starts dating boys she knows her mother would not approve of, flaunts her burgeoning sexuality, and begins using drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="18497121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497121" title="East Jesus">
East Jesus

East Jesus is a collection of material Lee Ranaldo recorded between 1981 and 1991. It was released on "Atavistic Records". Tracks 2, 5, 8 and 10 are pieces that appeared on the CD version of his first LP "From Here to Infinity" or slight re-edits of that material. The rest of the collection ranges from obscure compilations and 7" releases, or previously unreleased material.

</doc>
<doc id="18497130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497130" title="Hanns Maaßen">
Hanns Maaßen

Hanns Maaßen (born 26 December 1908 as Otto Johannes Maaßen in Lübeck, died 23 June 1983 in Mahlow) was a German journalist and writer.
Life.
Hanns Maaßen came from a working-class family. He completed a lesson as a stonemason and worked subsequently in the profession. He was a member of the Young Communist League of Germany and from 1928 the Communist Party of Germany. He participated in a strike of the Stone Mason Union against the beginning rearmament in Kiel in 1931 caused by the launching of the German pocket battleship Deutschland. Maaßen was the editor of the communist "Norddeutsch Zeitung" (North German Newspaper). After the Nazi takeover, he became unlawful in 1933 and would be arrested that same year and spent a year in KZ Kieslau in Baden. He fled Germany in 1935 and emigrated through Saarland and France into Switzerland.
Since he had been actively publishing for the "Kommitee für Recht und Freiheit" (Committee for Law and Freedom) in Zürich, he took part from November 1936 on the side of the Second Spanish Republic in the Spanish Civil War as a member of the International Brigades. He was a contributing editor of the German language edition of the International Brigades' newspaper ""El voluntario de la libertad"" and also orator at the German language ""Freiheitssender 29,8"" (Freedom Transmitter 29.8) in 1938 and 1939. After the resignation of the Republic in 1939, Maaßen would be jailed and spent the following year in prisons and camps of the Franco Regime. He could first return to Germany in 1946 when he settled in the Soviet occupation zone.
Hanns Maaßen started worked as a commentator at Sender Leipzig where he would be dismissed in 1950 because of "leftist allowances". From 1953 to 1966, he was editor at the Leipzig created newspaper "Volkskunst" and from 1968 to 1971 chairman Editor in chief of the East German weekly newspaper "Sonntag". From 1971, he lived as an author in Kleinmachnow.
Hanns Maaßen wrote essays on literary themes narrative works in which he processed the experiences of his many year Spanish stay.
Hanns Maaßen received the 1957 Heinrich Mann Prize, the bronze Patriotic Order of Merit in 1959, the 1960 Kunstpreis der Stadt Leipzig (Art Prize of the City of Leipzig), the silver Vaterländischer Verdienstorden in 1969, the Art Prize of the Free German Trade Union Federation in 1979 and the gold Patriotic Order of Merit also in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18497134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497134" title="Dev.D">
Dev.D

Dev.D is an Indian film released on 6 February 2009. Written and directed by Anurag Kashyap, it is a modern-day take on Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay's classic Bengali novel "Devdas", previously adapted for the screen by P.C. Barua and Bimal Roy and more recently by Sanjay Leela Bhansali. "Dev.D" was embraced by the media, critics and public. The film is set in contemporary Punjab and Delhi, where familial ties are negotiated by the traditions of patriarchy and marriages are reduced to a game of power and "honour".
Plot.
Dev (Abhay Deol) is the son of a rich businessman. He and Paro (Mahi Gill) are childhood sweethearts. But Dev, being an insecure narcissist, instead of acknowledging her affection and care, nudges Paro over frivolous things. Dev is sent to London for higher studies when his father senses how spoilt his son is. While separated by distance, Paro and Dev's youthful love only blossoms more. Dev arrives in Chandigarh to meet Paro. Their endeavor to make love makes for some dark comic moments. The seeds of suspicion are sown here, which the couple will never be able to weed out for a lifetime. When Dev hears rumours about Paro, he immediately believes them and ditches her. What makes them fall apart is mutual suspicion and an essentially male vision of how a woman should conduct herself sexually. Paro turns her back on him when she hears him insult her and agrees to marry whoever her parents choose. On her wedding day, he realizes that the rumors were false. But his ego doesn't let him accept his mistake, and he lets her marry someone else.
Enter Chanda aka Leni (Kalki Koechlin). A Delhi student of half-European descent, a date with her much older boyfriend lands Leni in an MMS scandal. Her father commits suicide as he feels humiliated by his daughter's reputation. She is disowned by her family. Refusing to live a life of shame and ridicule with her family, she comes back to Delhi where she works as a prostitute at night, while continuing with her studies during the day. She adopts the nickname Chanda for her profession. Her 'foreign' looks mean her services are reserved for the highest-paying customers and she finds some dignity and independence in the new way of living. One night a customer is brought to her room in half-conscious state — it turns out to be Dev.
Dev, tormented by Paro’s wedding, has been seeking refuge in alcohol and drugs. He finds some solace with Chanda but is unable to forget Paro. Once after he calls Paro's husband in the middle of the night, she visits him at the cheap lodge where he is staying. She shows her love by taking care of him but spurns his attempts at physical intimacy. The meeting ends on a bitter note, after which Paro goes back to her married life and Dev resolves to go back to Chanda; confronted by the reality of her profession, he abandons her, too. It is only months later, after hitting an all-time low in an aimless life, that he gets a wake-up call and decides to put his act together. He seeks Chanda once again and, with her help, sets out to start life afresh.
Cast.
Dev :Dev.D is Devendra Singh Dhillon, the protagonist of the film. Son of a rich industrialist from Punjab, the sugar baron. He's brash, arrogant, ill-mannered, demanding, lusty, impulsive and yes, self-destructive. Dev loses his chance of marrying his childhood sweetheart Paro due to a misunderstanding. After she gets married elsewhere, starts Dev’s path of self-pity and his emergence as a drug addict, alcoholic and chain smoker in Delhi now financed by a bed-ridden and guilt-ridden father. Through a pimp Chunni, he meets Chanda, a sex worker. She befriends a vulnerable Dev and gradually falls in love with him. Dev likes her too but his penchant for self-destruction prevents him and Chanda from truly getting together. Dev, in the meanwhile, finds lost love Paro. She visits him and washes and cleans for him but does not make herself available for his sexual use. A sexually rejected Dev indulges in further self-pity and substance abuse, kills seven in a hit-and-run, does not reach home before the death of his father, wastes himself and his family’s money and ends up, literally, on the road, narrowly escaping death by a drunk driver. He realizes life could be short; he already was on the lesson learning experience since some time, with all past memories of both Paro and Chanda. Dev tells Chanda how he never actually loved Paro and they live happily thereafter.
Paro : Paro is Parminder, a rustic Punjabi girl, who handles family and farms, household and its men with the same élan. She can be like a man when it needs to be and delicate like a woman when it needs to be. Paro is a free spirit riding high on life with nothing but an indestructible faith in her love for Dev. She is from a small family that has been close to Dev's family since childhood. She always had love for Dev, which was never visible in Dev. That faith is shattered in a major. A reason, why her happiness is cut short when Dev comes to know from Sunil that she sleeps with him. Dev easily accepts it, and rejects her. Paro seeks revenge in a different way, she accepts to marry an older man with children. Paro picks up the threads of her life and moves on with a lot of grit and dignity and she hopes Dev can do the same. Mahi’s Punjabi diction is very good, plus she makes a very good debut as quite an aggressive girl with emotional highlights.
Chanda/Lenni : Leni likes to live her life on the edge - a rich student with hyperactive hormones and a penchant for adventure. She comes across as a sweet, cute and innocent school going girl. After a devastating MMS scandal she's abandoned by her family and is forced into isolation. A mistake of trusting her boy-friend shatters her life completely. Nobody could understand her, not even her parents who just wanted to avoid any humility her act may cause them, hence going away from Delhi. After not bearing the sin, her father realized he had committed by watching her MMS, he decides to free himself and let Leni and his wife struggle. Leni's mother isn’t strong enough to manage her alone, sending her to his father's village. Eventually, Leni runs off, back to Delhi where it all started for her. As a runaway she finds shelter with Chunni a pimp. With great determination and inner strength she adopts an alter ego - Chanda. As Chanda she gets to be a high profile escort by night while Leni remains a college student by day. Chanda plays a fantasy girl; she is a different character every day. With coke in her head and money at her disposal, Leni/Chanda lives life on her own terms.
Production.
The original idea of film was suggested by Abhay Deol to Anurag Kashyap, who then worked on the script along with Vikramaditya Motwane, using "news headlines about Generation X" to give a youth feel. "Dev.D" was produced by Ronnie Screwvala and shot in places including Paharganj in central Delhi. For the scenes where Dev is high, British director Danny Boyle suggested the use of a still camera as Kashyap did not have the budget for special effects.
Development.
Anurag Kashyap did not want another remake of any of the nine films versions titled "Devdas". His version was created as a modern take on the 1917 original classic novel by Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay. Kashyap wanted to make his own version of "Devdas" to reflect the original novel but through 2008 mores, with the lead character of Devdas as a debauching, hypocritical sensualist, who is self-destructive without knowing it. Talking about the story and his role as Dev, Abhay Deol told Radio Sargam, "The story is very much from the book which I've read in English. I have played the character according to my interpretation of the book. His character was contemporary, he was quite urban in many ways, he's misplaced in the surrounding and has a spoilt, obsessive and addictive personality."
Initial delays.
After the box office disaster of Kashyap's "No Smoking", it was rumoured that United Television (UTV) had backed out of the director's next project, "Dev.D", starring Abhay Deol. But, according to sources, UTV had signed Abhay for three projects and the actor had blocked dates from November 2007 to March 2008 for Kashyap's film, as the idea was to wrap up the film in one schedule. When "Dev.D" hit initial snags and was stalled, it was rumoured that UTV had backed out. At that time, the director denied that UTV had backed out. He explained the delay by saying that he would be able to work on it once work on the earlier film "Hanuman Returns" had finished. He said that he was still looking out for his Chandramukhi and had locked in Abhay and newcomer Mahi Gill. It was further delayed as he took more time to find an actress suitable for the role of Chandramukhi, which he eventually found with Kalki Koechlin, who was one of the last to be auditioned.
Box office.
"Dev.D" had an average opening day collection of Rs 15 million. The movie picked up in box office soon and recovered its budget of Rs 60 million in a few weeks. The net collection in its first four weeks were nearly Rs 150 million.
Dev D crossed 150 million nett as it adds another 3 million in week 6. Dev D final domestic gross was Rs 215.0 million with distributor share of Rs 65.5 million. The film was a Hit in Delhi/NCR. Overall ABOVE AVERAGE .
Reception.
Critical response.
Reviews to the film were mostly positive. The widespread acclaim was chiefly due to its fearless visual style, its experimental soundtrack and the innovative narrative structure which included dividing the script into chapters as in the films of Quentin Tarantino. Rony D'Costa of Box Office India gave it 4 stars out of 5, stating"Missing Dev D would be an Emotional Attyachar to oneself."
Raja Sen of Rediff.com gave "Dev.D" 3.5/5, calling it a 'fantastic visual ride', and ranked it at No 2 in his list of the best movies Of 2009. "Times of India" reviewer Nikhat Kazmi termed the film as a "brilliant breakthrough for Bollywood" and rated it 5/5. Shubhra Gupta of "Indian Express" praised the performance of Abhay Deol and the movie overall. "Hindustan Times" praised the film for its "slick style and adventurous interpretation that pushes the boundaries of Hindi cinema" and rating it as 3.5/5. Noyon Jyoti Parasara of AOL India was "completely bowled out by the movie" and stated, "go and watch Dev D and be blown away by a sample of what Anurag Kashyap is capable of as a director. Shahrukh Khan praised Abhay Deol's efforts and said that Abhay is contributing to the new era of Indian film industry."
Soundtrack.
"Dev.D" has 18 tracks by artist Amit Trivedi. The songs were written by Amitabh Bhattacharya, Shellee, Anusha Mani, and Shruti Pathak. Released on 31 December under T-Series, he specifically reports that there are two special Punjabi tracks, one which is raw Punjabi and the other with a street band baaja flavor to it. He also reports two romantic Haryanvi folk tracks, apart from a hard rock song, world music, an Awadhi number and a song with 1970s-80s pop touch to it. The soundtrack received overwhelmingly positive reviews. Critic Joginder Tuteja said, "Chuck the very thought around whether this album will do well commercially or not; it is an exemplary piece of work and that's what that matters most." Ekansh Aatre, critic of "Hindustan Times" fame, said "Each part of each song in this album is special & gives a great impact on audience."
The soundtrack has been massively popular with youth. The song "Emosanal Attyachaar" has become popular amongst the masses and the song's name became a catch phrase for many Indian youth. Nikhil Taneja of "Hindustan Times" noted that the song was "singularly responsible for driving audiences to the theater to watch a movie."

</doc>
<doc id="18497149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497149" title="Saint Michaels Mill">
Saint Michaels Mill

Saint Michaels Mill is a mill building in Saint Michaels, Maryland first built in 1890 and expanded several times until the 1930s. Its chief product was "Just Right Flour".

</doc>
<doc id="18497151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497151" title="Life as a Fatal Sexually Transmitted Disease">
Life as a Fatal Sexually Transmitted Disease

Life as a Fatal Sexually Transmitted Disease () is a 2000 Polish drama film directed by Krzysztof Zanussi. It was Poland's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. It won the Golden St. George at the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18497160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497160" title="Choko (game)">
Choko (game)

Choko is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Gambia Valley, West Africa. It is played specifically by the Mandinka and Fula tribes. It is related to Yote.
Goal.
To capture all of your opponent's pieces
Equipment.
5 x 5 holes set in the ground or board. Each player has 12 pieces. One plays the white pieces, and the other plays the black pieces, however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will suffice.
Rules and Game Play.
1. The board is empty in the beginning. Players decide what colors to play, and who starts first. Players alternate their turns.
2. Players first drop their pieces. They drop one piece per turn. 
3. The first player drops their first piece anywhere on the board. The first player has the "drop initiative". It is not necessary to drop on every turn, but as long as the first player continues to drop, "then so does the second player". 
If the first player decides "to make a move" (non-capturing move or capturing move), then the second player has the option to drop or move. If the second player decides to drop, then he or she has the "drop initiative" until he or she decides to move. This means that the first player must continue to drop as long as the second player continues to drop.
However, if the second player "had made a move instead", then the first player has the option to drop or move, and has the drop initiative.
4. In a non-capturing move, pieces can move orthogonally one space per turn. Only one piece can be moved per turn. 
5. In a capturing move, pieces capture similarly as in Draughts by the short leap, except they must capture orthogonally (not diagonally). The player's piece must be adjacent to the enemy piece, and leap over it onto a vacant space on the other side. Only one leap is allowed, and therefore only one capture by this method is allowed. The player, however, "is to take another enemy piece from anywhere on the board". Therefore, in a capturing move, two enemy pieces are taken each time.
6. After all pieces have been dropped, the second player moves first.

</doc>
<doc id="18497168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497168" title="Lyne by-election, 2008">
Lyne by-election, 2008

A by-election was held for the Australian House of Representatives seat of Lyne on 6 September 2008. This was triggered by the resignation of National Party MP Mark Vaile. The by-election was held on the same day as the Mayo by-election, and the Western Australian state election. 
The writ for the by-election was issued on 4 August, with the rolls closing on 8 August. Candidate nominations closed 14 August. The by-election was contested on the same boundaries drawn for Lyne at the 2007 federal election. At that election, the National Party won the seat over the Labor Party by a two-party preferred margin of 58.58% to 41.42%.
The election was won by independent candidate Rob Oakeshott.
Background.
Vaile first won the seat of Lyne at the 1993 election for the Nationals in a very close contest with the Liberal candidate. In ministerial positions since 1997, he became leader of the National Party and thus Deputy Prime Minister in the Howard government from 2005. At the 2007 federal election, the opposition Labor Party defeated the incumbent Liberal-National coalition government. This marked the first change of government in over 11 years. Following the coalition election defeat, Vaile announced on 19 July 2008 his intention to resign his seat, to take effect on 30 July 2008. This followed Peter McGauran in Gippsland and former Foreign Minister Alexander Downer in Mayo.
Candidates.
Eight candidates contested the by-election. They are listed below in ballot order.
Neither the Labor Party nor the Liberal Party stood a candidate.
Results.
Oakeshott obtained a majority of votes in every polling booth, with the exception of Dyers Crossing, receiving about two-thirds of the primary vote and three-quarters of the two-candidate vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18497171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497171" title="Chegitun River">
Chegitun River

The Chegitun River is a stream located in the Chukotka Peninsula in Far East Siberia. It is the easternmost river flowing into the Chukchi Sea from the Siberian side, which makes it the river of the Eurasian continent that is farthest to the east. 
This river and its basin belongs to the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug administrative region of Russia. Arctic char, Siberian salmon, and Dolly Varden trout are common in its waters.
The Chegitun River flows in a roughly northeastern direction and crosses the Arctic circle a few miles before it meets the sea. Close to its mouth there is the small village of Chegitun; the villages of Inchoun and Uelen are located not far down the coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18497173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497173" title="9X (disambiguation)">
9X (disambiguation)

9X is an Indian Hindi general entertainment channel.
9X or 9-X may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18497174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497174" title="Too Late (2000 film)">
Too Late (2000 film)

Too Late () is a 2000 Portuguese film directed by José Nascimento. It was Portugal's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18497184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497184" title="Dyal Singh Majithia">
Dyal Singh Majithia

Sardar Dyal Singh Majithia (1848–98) was an Indian banker and activist in progressive and social reform measures in Punjab.
Biography.
Born in Varanasi, Dyal Singh was the only son of General Lehna Singh. He lost his parents at the age of six. He got his early education in the Mission School at Amritsar and was later self-educated.
He founded the newspaper "The Tribune" and managed the affairs of the Harmandir Sahib ("Golden Temple") for nearly thirty years. He took up business in real estate and diamonds and earned huge wealth. He was the first president of the Indian Association of Lahore and continued in that capacity till his death. He was a founding Trustee of the Sadharan Brahmo Samaj.
He was Chairman, Board of Directors of the country's first indigenous bank, the Punjab National Bank. The Bank was founded on May 23, 1894 (its first meeting was held at 6:30 PM at Dyal Singh's house). At the second meeting on May 27, 1894, Dyal Singh was appointed Chairman and Harkishan Lal was Secretary of the Board. He was also a pillar of the Brahmo Samaj and donated liberally for educational institutions and libraries, including numerous colleges all over Upper India, like Dayal Singh College, Lahore and Dyal Singh Memorial Library, Lahore. He was closely associated with Punjab University. He also founded The Tribune newspaper (now HQ in Chandigarh)

</doc>
<doc id="18497195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497195" title="List of American folk musicians in Washington">
List of American folk musicians in Washington

This is a list of Pacific Northwest bands and musicians who perform music within the areas of folk, old-time, bluegrass, Irish Trad, etc.
Since there are a number of traditions, as well as degrees of adherence to traditions, this list is by nature arbitrary. A common thread is that this music tends to be acoustic. 

</doc>
<doc id="18497203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497203" title="His Wife's Diary">
His Wife's Diary

"His Wife's Diary" (; "Dnevnik ego zheny") is a 2000 Russian film directed by Alexei Uchitel. It is a story about the last love affair of Ivan Bunin (played by Andrei Smirnov). It is set in the French Riviera in the 1940s. 
"His Wife's Diary" was awarded the Grand Prize of the Kinotavr Festival and the 2004 Nika Award for Best Film. It was Russia's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18497213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497213" title="Greider">
Greider

Greider is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18497233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497233" title="Landscape (film)">
Landscape (film)

Landscape () is a 2000 Slovak film directed by Martin Šulík. It was Slovakia's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18497258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497258" title="Cannonball House (Saint Michaels, Maryland)">
Cannonball House (Saint Michaels, Maryland)

The Cannonball House in Saint Michaels, Maryland, United States, is a historic house built in the early 19th century. The Federal style house is a side-hall double-parlor design on a corner lot, built for shipbuilder William Merchant. It is historically notable for an 1813 event in the War of 1812 in which the British fleet bombarded Saint Michaels, leaving a cannonball embedded in the house.

</doc>
<doc id="18497259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497259" title="You're the One (2000 film)">
You're the One (2000 film)

"You're the One" () is a 2000 Spanish film directed by Jose Luis Garci. It was Spain's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Plot.
Julia, an only child of an affluent, bank owning family living in Madrid, escapes from her family to get over her grief that her boyfriend has been imprisoned. Julia is a well educated woman, having studied in Switzerland and England, who wants to become a writer. Julia drives to a little village in Asturias called "Corralbos del Sella" and there she stays in a mansion "llendelabarca" of an old childhood friend "Pilara" she had spent many a happy summer with. Also living there is Pilara's mother in law Tia Gala, and her grandson Juanito.
Julia's relationship with caretakers, teacher and priest makes Julia, a woman of the Spanish capital, perhaps for the first time to not feel so alone.

</doc>
<doc id="18497273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497273" title="Alondras CF">
Alondras CF

Alondras Club de Fútbol is a football team based in Cangas in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1928 and refounded in 1951, it plays in Tercera División – Group 1. its stadium is Estadio "Campo do Morrazo" with a capacity of 4,000 seats.
History.
Beginnings of Football in Cangas.
Football practice starts in Cangas around the year 1908, a period in which young people were looking anywhere organize their meetings. With a selection of these young people was created in 1914 that the Cangas FC disputa Limense in their parties, and we find a reference written in Faro de Vigo on 12 March 1920, due to play at Vigo in the field Coia of the Lamark, which lost by 5 to 1. Some names on this team are: Paredes, Julio, Ignacio, Columbus, XEX, Seijo, Luciano, Petouto, Gonzalo, Bermudez, Cervera, ... In 1922 he rents this equipment for the municipality land in the sands of Rodeiro for an amount of 200 pesetas a year.
Although this team was the most important, there were at the Villa as other teams: FC Lancia, Tuch FC, FC Union, Numancia, Sierra Morena, Morrazo, Baleata, Anduriña, Sisi FC, FC Yoyo, etc.. 
Over the years the field of Arenal Rodeiro inutilizando went and saw the need for a new one. The absence of field problems to find another confrontation between veterans and new players, led to the need to create a new club stronger, but something on which everyone agreed with a problem: the choice of name for the new club. Each name that suggested the veteran players, the newest responded with a different one. The solution was to face at a football match and the winners would put his name to the team, which lost pledging to respect it. The names were chosen and which were in dispute: "The punishment" and another "The Alondras." These names refer to two very popular works of a company varieties. Clearly won the supporters of "The Alondras" so this was the name of the new club began to face its history in the Moaña Leisure Maritime Meira the 15 May 1928, the party won by 4 to 3.
Little by little loses the article "The" from its name and becomes the "Alondras CF" which initiates a stage victory, which makes the hobby again be with the team and again the need for a field where you can play.
At last on 6 December 1928 establishing the Alondras CF with the drafting of regulations and taking his first as a founding: Güido Paganini Picasso, Joe Smith Barros, Ramon Ocaña Larrin, Francisco Fernandez Cervera and Luciano Barreiro Fernandez. As curiosity can say that partner's children had to pay a monthly fee of 50 cents, partners and 5 number 1 peseta ESP partners protectors, as reflected in the regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="18497275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497275" title="Camp Louise">
Camp Louise

Camp Louise is an all-girls, Jewish overnight summer camp in the Catoctin Mountains in Cascade, Maryland. It is the sister camp of Camp Airy for boys, which is located in Thurmont. Girls between the ages of 7 and 17 attend for one to eight weeks, depending on their age and interest. Louise is a member of the American Camp Association.
History.
Founded in 1922 by Uncle Aaron and Aunt Lillie Straus, the camp aimed to give girls from Baltimore City an opportunity to experience the countryside as well as to give them a break from their factory jobs. The founders placed a one dollar deposit for the land.
Activities.
Louise offers campers a variety of activities while at camp. Each day campers attended five scheduled activity periods. Departments offering activities include: Arts & Crafts, Athletics, Dance, Drama, Folkdance, Multimedia, Music, Nature, Outdoor Living, Photography, and Swim. Campers have the ability to choose some of the activities they attend each day as they sign-up for choice activities and workshops. 
Each session, Louise holds a day long Color Games competition. Camp is split into four teams who compete in field and pool activities for points. Campers also create team banners and skits for the closing ceremony. Each team is led by a captain and a number of co-captains (counselors) and a lieutenant (CIT). Each year, Color Games has a unique theme. Themes in the past have included Outlaw Games, BFF Games, Diva Games, Shrek Games, Music Games, and Superhero Games.
Religious aspects.
Although Louise is a Jewish camp, most of the activities are not religious in nature. The meals are kosher style, meaning that milk and meat are not served at the same time and nothing that is explicitly non-kosher (such as pork) is served. The HaMotzi, is sang before each meal as grace. Traditional grace after meals is also recited on Fridays.
Shabbat is observed at camp with short services on Friday night and Saturday morning. Very few structured activities occur during the remainder of Saturday. This “day of rest” creates a certain rhythm that helps punctuate the camp experience.
Camp Louise Circle.
The Camp Louise Circle was formed in 1936 by a group of counselors who sought to recognize the dedication of the Camp Louise staff and help them stay connected to Louise beyond their time on staff.
Counselors and staff at Louise who have been on staff full time for three years or part time for five years are inducted into a society called Circle. During your third full summer at camp, the summer in which you know that at the end you will join Circle, it is customary to ask someone who is already in Circle to "pin you."'
The Circle Board work year round to fundraise for the organization and for Camp Louise. Each year, Circle hosts Circle Reunion - a weekend where Circle members can return to camp to participate in favorite camp activities like folkdance, campfires, and Shabbat services. 

</doc>
<doc id="18497299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497299" title="Gripsholm (film)">
Gripsholm (film)

Gripsholm is a 2000 Swiss film directed by Xavier Koller based on the Kurt Tucholsky's novel Schloss Gripsholm and reflection into final part of his real life.
From Xavier's own words, "The subject of the story is partly the autobiographical story of the aggressive publisher Kurt (Tucholsky), who in the year 1932 travels to Sweden together with his girl friend Lydia, whom he calls "Princess". Variety singer Billie and air-pilot Karlchen follow later on to join-up with the couple. There now begins a sensuous life and games of love in the last summer before the national socialists take over power in Germany. Kurt loves his friends whom have abandoned him, as well as his girl-friend who loves him but nevertheless returns home. One tries to forget the troubles and hopes, in the face of the threatening catastrophe, to retain a certain innocence."
It was Switzerland's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18497306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497306" title="Cannonball House">
Cannonball House

Cannonball House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18497319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497319" title="Run for Money">
Run for Money

Run for Money () is a 1999 Turkish film directed by Reha Erdem. It was Turkey's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18497340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497340" title="Oro Diablo">
Oro Diablo

Oro Diablo is a 2000 Venezuelan film directed by José Ramón Novoa. It was Venezuela's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The film forms part of a trilogy, with the first part being "Sicario".

</doc>
<doc id="18497356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497356" title="FHB">
FHB

FHB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18497357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497357" title="St. Michaels Historic District">
St. Michaels Historic District

The Saint Michaels Historic District encompasses the historic center of Saint Michaels, Maryland, U.S.A. The late 18th- and early 19th-century town is a small seaport on a tributary of the Chesapeake Bay which has retained a high degree of historic integrity. Of particular interest are an unusual number of gallery-fronted houses. 
While writing "Chesapeake", James Michener lived here, both researching for the book and experiencing life in the historic town.

</doc>
<doc id="18497373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497373" title="Sky Hook (film)">
Sky Hook (film)

Sky Hook () is a 2000 Yugoslavian film directed by Ljubiša Samardžić. It was Yugoslavia's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18497436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497436" title="Fulton Railroaders">
Fulton Railroaders

The Fulton Railroaders are a collegiate summer baseball team based in Fulton, Kentucky. The team, a member of the Ohio Valley Collegiate Baseball League, plays its home games in Lohaus Field, located in Fulton.
History.
The Fulton Railroaders joined the Kentucky-Illinois-Tennessee League (KIT League) in 2004 and played there through the 2010 season. In the fall of 2010, they joined fellow KIT League members Tradewater Pirates, Marion Bobcats and Owensboro Oilers to form the Ohio Valley League. The current general manager is Cubb Stokes. The team is owned by Mike Smith, Gordon Jones and Cubb Stokes,[http://www.fultonrailroadersbaseball.com] former baseball team captain at the University of Tennessee.
The team was the KIT League Champions for the 2007 season with an impressive .640 record in 50 games, finishing one game ahead of the Union City Greyhounds who had a record of 31-19 (.620).
In 2007, three players from the Fulton Railroaders were selected for the KIT League all-star team to play against the Central Illinois Collegiate League's all-star team. Those players were Tony Spencer, Ryan Dickerman, and Josh Manning.
Five players from the Fulton Railroaders were selected for the KIT League 2008 all-star team. Those players were Louis Haseltine, J.D. Ashbrook, Hunter Dawson, Justin Rodgers, and Elliot Frey.
Fulton won the inaugural OVL playoff championship, two games to one, over regular-season champion Owensboro.
Team Performance.
League leaders.
In the 2011 season, Fulton Railroaders held the following OVL records:[http://www.ohiovalleyleague.net]

</doc>
<doc id="18497439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497439" title="Cistanthe monandra">
Cistanthe monandra

Cistanthe monandra (formerly "Calyptridium monandrum") is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Common Pussypaws. 
The plant is native to the Southwestern United States, Southern California, and adjacent Baja California, where it grows in sandy areas such as deserts and coastal and mountain scrub habitats. 
Description.
"Cistanthe monandra" is a fleshy, flat annual herb producing short stems which extend along the ground or spread upright from a small taproot. Thick, spoon-shaped leaves occur in a basal rosette at the base of the stem, reaching up to about 5 cm in length. There are smaller leaves along the stems. 
Small inflorescences sprout from the stem bearing many flowers, each with fleshy, triangular sepals and three pink or red petals only a few millimeters long. The fruit is a translucent, oblong capsule up to six millimeters long containing several shiny, black seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18497456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497456" title="Taiwan Wren-babbler">
Taiwan Wren-babbler

The Taiwan Wren-babbler or Taiwan Cupwing, ("Pnoepyga formosana"), is a species of passerine bird in its own family, Pnoepygidae. The species is endemic to the island of Taiwan. It was treated for a long time as a subspecies of the Scaly-breasted Wren-babbler.

</doc>
<doc id="18497463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497463" title="C.F. Mérida">
C.F. Mérida

Club de Fútbol Mérida is a Mexican football club based in Mérida, Yucatán. they are playing in the Liga de Ascenso, at the second tier of the Mexican football league system. For the Clausura 2011 season they became the filial team of Atlante, whilst until that point they had been the subsidiary team of Monarcas Morelia.
History.
Origins and first Merida franchise.
Mérida F.C. was founded in 2003 by the brothers Arturo and Mauricio Millet Reyes, who obtained the franchise of Nacional de Tijuana.
Loss of franchise in 2005 and continuation at lower levels.
After the Clausura 2005 tournament, the Millet brothers announced that they would be selling the team to Irapuato FC due to economic problems, citing lackluster attendance and poor support from the local government. Nevertheless, the brothers formed a team that participated in an amateur league in Yucatán and also opened a training facility in Argentina to scout local talent. Mérida F.C. returned to the professional ranks when they participated in the Tercera División in 2006/07. During 2007, the brothers oversaw the construction of a training facility located at the Unidad Deportiva Tamanché. By the 2007/08 season Mérida was participating in the Segunda División.
Return of second level franchise with Morelia.
On June 16, 2008, Arturo Millet Reyes announced that he had acquired the filial team of Morelia. Millet Reyes has stated that his intention is to maintain the team in Mérida for an extended period of time, unlike in previous years. He also received a guarantee that if the "Venados" were to be promoted to the Primera División that the team would remain in Mérida.
On November 11, 2008, the Federación Mexicana de Fútbol Asociación (FMF) granted the club the certification required to be promoted to the Primera División.
In the Clausura 2009 season Mérida defeated Club Tijuana 1–0 on aggregate to win the Clausura title. Mérida lost the subsequent promotion play-off for the Primera Division de Mexico, after a defeat by Querétaro FC on penalties.
Sale of franchise to Atlante.
On 4 December 2010 the brothers Arturo and Mauricio Millet Reyes announced that Mérida F.C. would no longer form part of the Liga de Ascenso and that Monarcas Morelia would decide if a team would stay in the city, but that talks were also underway with Atlante F.C. regarding the creation of a link with them.
The Mérida franchise was subsequently sold to Atlante and they became that team's filial team for the Clausura 2011, whilst the original Atlante filial team (Atlante UTN) swapped franchises to become the subsidiary team for Morelia.
Stadium.
The home stadium for Mérida F.C. is the Estadio Carlos Iturralde.

</doc>
<doc id="18497480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497480" title="Robert C. Mathis">
Robert C. Mathis

Robert Couth Mathis (born July 3, 1927) is a retired United States Air Force four-star general who served as Vice Chief of Staff, U.S. Air Force (VCSAF) from 1980 to 1982.
Biography.
Mathis was born in 1927, in Eagle Pass, Texas, where he graduated from high school in 1944. He graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, in 1948 with a bachelor of science degree and a commission as second lieutenant. Later in his career he received advanced degrees from the University of Illinois and the University of Texas.
In November 1949, after pilot training at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, and Williams Air Force Base, Arizona, he was assigned to the 51st Fighter Group on Okinawa, a unit equipped with the F-80 Shooting Star. During the Korean War Mathis served as an F-80 fighter pilot in the 16th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron and as a forward air controller with the 6148th Tactical Control Squadron. In addition to the Purple Heart, he also received the Silver Star and Distinguished Flying Cross for his combat tour in Korea.
In August 1956, following a tour as an instructor at the United States Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland, he transferred to the Rome Air Development Center, Griffiss Air Force Base, New York, as the program director of the center's Trinidad Test Site. During this period he played a major role in the critical development phases of the Ballistic Missile Warning System, the Echo Satellite Program and the Project Mercury Downrange Tracking Program. After receiving his doctorate in Electrical Engineering from the University of Texas in 1963, he served as a project officer in the Development Division, Air Force Weapons Laboratory, Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico, where he was responsible for the development of special weapons delivery systems.
Mathis completed the Industrial College of the Armed Forces at Fort Lesley J. McNair, Washington, D.C., in August 1967 and was assigned as the senior U.S. adviser to the Vietnamese air force with IV Corps in the Mekong Delta. From October 1967 to November 1968, he flew more than 200 combat missions, including an air strike in the A-1 Skyraider for which he received his second Distinguished Flying Cross.
Mathis returned to the United States in November 1968 for duty in the Office of the Secretary of Defense. In August 1969 he was named commander of the Rome Air Development Center. Under his direction the center established one of the best flight safety and test aircraft utilization rates in the Air Force Systems Command.
In January 1971 Mathis transferred to the Aeronautical Systems Division, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, where he became system program director for the General Dynamics F-111 and later the F-15. During this tour of duty he also managed tactical reconnaissance, strike and electronic warfare programs.
Mathis served as deputy chief of staff, systems, at Air Force Systems Command headquarters, Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland., from October 1976 to May 1977, when he become vice commander of Air Force Systems Command. He became the vice commander of Tactical Air Command at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia, in March 1979. He became the Air Force Vice Chief of Staff on March 1, 1980.
Decorations.
His military decorations and awards include the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal, Silver Star, Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster, Distinguished Flying Cross with oak leaf cluster, Air Medal with 11 oak leaf clusters, Air Force Commendation Medal, Purple Heart, Distinguished Unit Citation emblem and Air Force Outstanding Unit Award ribbon.

</doc>
<doc id="18497496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497496" title="Iya Nla">
Iya Nla

Followers of the Yoruba religion believe that Ìyá Nlá, or "the Great Mother", is a communal spiritual force that gives them access to both the Forces of Nature and the wisdom of their ancestors. They believe that this Orisha is the source of life, and that its principal purpose is the keeping of social harmony. They believe that dedicated followers will gain "Iwapele", giving them a connection to their first African ancestors. According to their beliefs, Ìyá Àjé is able to cure, curse or cause retributive justice on anyone who disrespects either an individual woman or womanhood as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="18497506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497506" title="Teluk Sengat">
Teluk Sengat

Teluk Sengat is a small town in Kota Tinggi district, Johor, Malaysia. Near the town is the Johor Lama fort. The main economic activity in this town is fishing. There are also palm oil estate nearby and a remote village named Kampung Guntong Nanas. 

</doc>
<doc id="18497516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497516" title="Aldis Bernard">
Aldis Bernard

Aldis Bernard ( 1810 – 3 July 1876) was a Canadian dentist and politician, the Mayor of Montreal, Quebec between 1873 and 1875.
Dental career.
Bernard was educated in dentistry at Philadelphia, after which he practiced as a dentist in the southern United States. He married there and in 1840 moved back to Canada first residing in the Niagara Peninsula. In 1841, he settled in Montreal and established a dental practice there.
When the government was planning a governing organisation for doctors in 1847, Bernard lobbied to have dentistry included in the law that would establish the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Lower Canada. This effort was unsuccessful largely due to the medical establishment's negative view of dentistry at that time. The Dental Association of the Province of Quebec was eventually formed in 1869 with Bernard as its founding President.
Political career.
His first terms as a Montreal municipal councillor for Montreal Centre ward began in 1858 and ended in 1861. He returned to city politics in 1866 and again served as a councillor until the death of Mayor Francis Cassidy in June 1873. City Council then appointed Bernard as interim Mayor to serve out the remainder of Cassidy's term. Voters returned Bernard to the Mayor's post in the 1874 city elections. Under his leadership, urban parks such as Mount Royal Park and Dufferin Park were established. Work on a new city hall also commenced under Bernard's watch.
Personal life.
The circumstances of Bernard's birth have not been confirmed, but his obituaries suggest he was born in Quebec's Eastern Townships to United Empire Loyalist parents. 
Mary Webb Meredith was Bernard's first wife until her death in 1845. He remarried in 1852 to Sarah Couch, a member of the Roman Catholic Church in contrast to Bernard's Protestant church membership. He had eight children, one of whom with his first wife.
Bernard did not seek another term as Mayor in 1875. He moved to San Jose, California shortly before his death in July 1876. His body was returned to Montreal for burial on 15 July 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="18497537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497537" title="Alexander Boldizar">
Alexander Boldizar

Alexander Boldizar (born in Czechoslovakia, now Slovak Republic, 1971) is a writer, lawyer and art critic. He was the first post-independence Slovak citizen to graduate with a "Juris Doctor" degree from Harvard Law School. His writing has won a PEN prize (PEN/Nob Hill), represented Bread Loaf Writer's Conference as a nominee for the Best New American Voices anthology, and received various other awards.
Life.
Born in Košice, Czechoslovakia, in 1971, Boldizar's family escaped to Austria via Yugoslavia in 1979. After six months in a refugee camp at Traiskirchen, Austria, Canada granted the family asylum. Boldizar became a Canadian citizen in 1983. He attended Merivale High School in Ottawa, where he was captain of the rugby team, followed by McGill University, from which he graduated in 1994 with the Brian Coughlan prize for highest GPA in the economics department. He also won the 1993 McGill Open Beer Mile championship.
Boldizar went on to study law at Harvard Law School, starting in the class of 1998 but finishing in the class of 1999 due to a year of absence during which he went to the Sahara (Niger, Africa) with a paleontological expedition for the Discovery Channel/National Geographic.
Although Boldizar had renounced his Czechoslovak citizenship in 1989 so that he could attend the anticommunist demonstrations as a noncitizen (during which he was almost arrested anyway), President Rudolf Schuster of Slovakia revived Boldizar's citizenship by special presidential order in 1999, making him the first Slovak citizen to graduate with a "JD" from Harvard. Boldizar's grandfather, Vojtech Zahorsky, was recently awarded the Kosice Prize (i.e., "keys to the city") for his contributions as a partisan during WWII and his service as the head of the Slovak Veteran's Association.
Boldizar currently lives in Vancouver, BC, Canada. He won first place in his division at the British Columbia Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Championships in both 2010 and 2011, and a gold medal at the 2011 Pan American Championships.
Career.
Boldizar worked briefly as an attorney at the San Francisco and Prague offices of Baker & McKenzie, before leaving law in order to write. He has been an art gallery director in Indonesia, a "host" in a hostess bar in Japan, a hermit in Tennessee, a paleontologists' guide in the Sahara, a porter on Bylot Island in the Canadian High Arctic, a speechwriter for the police-oversight Civilian Complaint Review Board in New York City, and an editor of the first pan-Asian art magazine. 
He has published over eighty articles in fiction venues like Transition Magazine, Fiction International, Chicago Quarterly Review, Literary Imagination, and Phantasmagoria, nonfiction venues like Harper's Bazaar, The Globe and Mail, Shambhala Sun, Liberty Magazine, C-Arts Magazine, and Harvard Law Record, and legal venues like the European Journal of International Law and Golden Gate Law Review. He is now an editor of C-Arts Magazine, a contemporary art magazine published out of Singapore, for which he has interviewed artists like Damien Hirst and Ashley Bickerton.
He has one novel, titled The Ugly, about Muzhduk the Ugli the Fourth, a member of a lost tribe of boulder-throwing Slovaks living in the mountains of Siberia whose land is stolen by American lawyers. He is sent on a quest to Harvard Law School to learn how to defeat the lawyers.
The Harvard Law Record published a profile of Boldizar's career in March 2010. He has also been profiled on Allie Bates' Novelspot and on Slovak Spectrum television.
Style.
Although his writing style is clean, almost minimalist, Boldizar tends towards "idea fiction" in the heritage of Kafka, Musil, Hrabal, Borges, Laurence Sterne, and some of Calvino, eschewing the psychologism and domestic realism of most contemporary American fiction. He writes in English, but with traditionally East European traces of absurdism and surrealism, though he balances these with an "airport novel" style of complex plot-driven narrative.

</doc>
<doc id="18497541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497541" title="Hajji Firuz Tepe">
Hajji Firuz Tepe

Hajji Firuz Tepe is an archaeological site located in West Azarbaijan province in northwestern Iran. The site was excavated between 1958 and 1968 by archaeologists from the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. The excavations revealed a Neolithic village that was occupied in the second half of the sixth millennium BC where some of the oldest archaeological evidence of grape-based wine was discovered in the form of organic residue in a pottery jar.
History of research.
Hajji Firuz Tepe was first noted in 1936 by Sir Aurel Stein, who collected pottery sherds from the surface of the site. The site was more thoroughly investigated between 1958 and 1968, when four excavation seasons took place as part of the larger Hasanlu Project conducted by the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. The site was originally selected in order to investigate the early periods that had been attested in the occupation sequence of nearby Hasanlu. These excavations were supervised by Charles Burney (1958, 1961), T. Cuyler Young Jr. (1961) and Robert H. Dyson and Mary M. Voigt (1968). During these seasons, excavation squares were opened in four different parts of the site, with the largest exposure being reached on the northeastern slope of the mound.
The site and its environment.
Hajji Firuz Tepe lies in the Gadar River valley in West Azarbaijan province, northwestern Iran. It is a tell, or settlement mound, of roughly oval shape measuring at its base and reaching an elevation of above the plain, but archaeological deposits also continue to an unknown depth below the modern surface of the plain.
The plain in which Hajji Firuz Tepe is located lies in the northwestern part of the Zagros Mountains at an elevation of amsl. The Gadar River flows through it toward the east to eventually end in marshes bordering Lake Urmia. The area is an important crossroads, with routes leading in all directions, including an easy route toward the west, crossing the Zagros Mountains via Rowanduz and Arbil toward the Mesopotamian Plains. The Gadar River valley falls within both the modern and ancient distribution zones of the wild grape ("Vitis vinifera subsp. sylvestris") and of the terebinth.
Occupation history.
Although the excavations focused primarily on the Neolithic occupation layers of the site, evidence for later occupation was also attested. On different parts of the tell, material from the Chalcolithic, Late Bronze Age/Iron Age and Islamic (eleventh century AD) periods was recovered, although the Neolithic occupation seems to have been the most significant occupation. The Neolithic occupation has been divided in 12 phases, named A–L from latest to earliest.
Evidence for winemaking.
The evidence for winemaking consisted of six jars that were embedded in the floor of what archeologists suspect was a kitchen area in a mudbrick building that was inhabited some time between 5400–5000 BC. Inside was yellowish deposits that chemical analysis showed contained residue of tartaric acid and calcium tartrate. Additionally, analysis found deposit of resin, identified as from the terebinth tree ("Pistacia terebinthus") that grew wild in the area. It is possible that the resin was used as a preservative, in a manner similar to the Greek wine Retsina still being produced today, suggesting that winemaking in Hajji Firuz Tepe was deliberately taking place over 7,000 years ago.
Implications of the discovery.
While the residue in the jar is not definitive proof of winemaking, it does provide strong evidence for the possibility. Grapes are unique in being one of the few natural sources for tartaric acid, which is the most abundant acid in wine and often crystallizes into deposits that are left in containers that have held wine. Grapes also have a natural propensity to break down into alcohol by a process that we now know as fermentation where the yeast on the grape skins metabolize the sugar in the grapes into alcohol. This happens most readily in a close container that is kept in room temperature. Whether or not the action was deliberate, storing grapes in jars that were then embedded in the floor would have created conditions favorable for wine production.
The presence of the terebinth resin deposits in the same container as the wine give a stronger indication that winemaking was perhaps deliberate in Hajji Firuz Tepe. Resin has had a long history of being used as ancient sealant and preservative, even before it became associated with winemaking by the ancient Greeks. The volume that was stored () also seems to indicate large scale production beyond just household storage of a food product for sustenance. Additionally, archaeologists found clay stoppers, corresponding in size to the opening of the jars, nearby that also suggest a deliberate attempt at long term preservation and protection from air exposure.
Other discoveries.
The Zagros Mountains, which separate modern day Iran from Armenia, Iraq and Turkey, is home to many wild species of grapevines in the "Vitis" family. While wild vines are distinguished by separate male and female vines, the potential for pollination and the production of grapes could have easily happened, providing the Aryan inhabitants access to grapes. Several archaeological sites in the Zagros Mountains have uncovered similar findings as Hajji Firuz Tepe of jars containing tartaric deposits and wine residues. South of Hajji Firuz Tepe is Godin Tepe, a site that appears to have been inhabited just after the neolithic period (around 3500–3000 BC). Archaeologists there have discovered even more evidence of large scale winemaking with and wine jars as well as large basins containing wine residue, indicating that they might have been used for treading grapes as an early wine press. The residue on the jars was also found on the side of the containers, rather than the bottom, indicating that these jars were kept on their side, most likely for long term storage.

</doc>
<doc id="18497568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497568" title="2000 Hezbollah cross-border raid">
2000 Hezbollah cross-border raid

In the 2000 Hezbollah cross-border raid Hezbollah militants captured three IDF soldiers; Benny Avraham, Adi Avitan and Omar Sawaid, while they were patrolling the security fence along the border with Lebanon, and took them across the border. It is not clear when or under which circumstances the three soldiers died. Their bodies were returned to Israel in a prisoner exchange on 29 January 2004.
The abduction was the first incident between Israel and Lebanon after the Israeli withdrawal from South Lebanon in May 2000, and it was followed by several other attempts of the Hezbollah to kidnap Israeli soldiers, until eventually on July 12, 2006 Hezbollah managed to kidnap the Israeli soldiers Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev in another cross-border raid, an event that led to the eruption of the Second Lebanon War.
The attack and abduction.
While patrolling the border near the Shebaa Farms an IDF patrol manned by Adi Avitan (22), Staff Sgt. Benyamin Avraham (21), and Staff Sgt. Omar Sawaid (27), was ambushed by a Hezbollah squad. The patrol car was hit by a rocket. The Hezbollah squad blasted a gate in the fence and a civilian Range Rover car entered Israeli-occupied territory to collect the captives and made a quick getaway.
Several factors contributed to the ease with which Hezbollah could carry out the abduction. The location of the abduction was situated between the 91st and the 36th Division. IDF bureaucracy prevented coordination and information sharing between the two. The IDF had received indications that Hezbollah was planning an abduction at the site. A patrol from the Egoz elite unit belonging to the 91st Division had observed Hezbollah activity in the area, which seemed to be an ideal place for an abduction. This information had not been passed on to the 36th Division. Neither the electronic border fence nor the surveillance cameras was functioning at the relevant section but was repaired only after the incident.
The bodies of the three captives were returned in a prisoner exchange in 2004. It is not known when or under what circumstances the three soldiers were killed. In October 2001 IDF stated that Israeli military intelligence estimated that “the three were either killed during the initial Hizbullah attack or immediately afterward”.
A video released by Hezbollah and broadcast by LBC seems to indicate that at least one of the captives was able to walk being led to the get-away car. Ya'akov Avitan, father of the abducted soldiers, said that the film indicates that, "the boys were alive when they were kidnapped... they murdered our boys in cold blood after the kidnap."
The Hannibal Directive is a secret IDF order stating that abductions of Israeli soldiers must be prevented by all means, including shooting at or shelling a get-away car, thereby risking the lives of the captives. When the abduction of the three soldiers became known the Hannibal directive was invoked. Israeli attack helicopters fired at 26 cars moving in the area. The number of casualties, Hezbollah or civilian, is not known. There are however no clear indications that the captives were inside any of the attacked cars or were harmed in the attacks.
The captors denied the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) and other parties permission to visit them and to learn at first hand about their state of health and the conditions they were held in.
Prisoner exchange.
On November 9, 2003, the Government of Israel announced that an arrangement had been concluded regarding the return of the three missing IDF soldiers - as well as abducted IDF colonel Elchanan Tenenbaum, who had been captured by Hezbollah after being lured to Dubai for a drug deal.
Hezbollah instigated negotiations over the release of 14 Lebanese prisoners, together with a number of Palestinian prisoners. On January 29, 2004, 30 Lebanese and Arab prisoners, 400 Palestinian prisoners, German national and Hezbollah member Steven Smyrek, and the remains of 59 Lebanese militants and civilians were transferred to Hezbollah, along with maps showing Israeli mines in South Lebanon, in exchange for Tenenbaum and the remains of the three dead soldiers.
Among the 435 people released by Israel were Mustafa Dirani and Sheik Abdel Karim Obeid. These two individuals were kidnapped, in 1994 and 1989 respectively, for use as bargaining chips in the effort to secure the release of the most famous of the Israeli MIAs, Ron Arad. Fearing the release of these men would end any hope of finding Arad, his family attempted to take legal action to prevent their release. Nothing came of this effort.
The bodies were positively identified and arrived during the evening hours in Israel. The soldiers were returned in an IAF aircraft along with an IDF delegation headed by Chief Military Rabbi, Brg. Gen. Israel Weiss. Upon the arrival of the coffins, a military ceremony took place in the presence of their families and commanders. The ceremony was attended by President Moshe Katsav, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, Minister of Defense Shaul Mofaz, Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin and IDF Chief of Staff, Lt. Gen. Moshe Ya'alon.

</doc>
<doc id="18497579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497579" title="Conall Cú mac Áedo">
Conall Cú mac Áedo

Conall Cú mac Áedo (died 604) was a chief of the Cenél Conaill branch of the Northern Ui Neill. He was the son of Áed mac Ainmuirech (died 598), high king of Ireland. 
Upon the death of his father in 598, rivalry broke out among the Ui Neill for his succession. Among the northern Ui Neill, Conall was defeated by his rival, Colmán Rímid (died 604) of the Cenél nEógain at the Battle of Slemain in 602 and was put to flight. Upon the assassination of Colmán, Conall was unable to take advantage as he died himself shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="18497592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497592" title="Kenneth Slowik">
Kenneth Slowik

Slowik first established his international reputation primarily as a cellist and viola da gamba player through his work with the Smithsonian Chamber Players, Castle Trio, Smithson String Quartet, Axelrod Quartet, and with Anner Bylsma’s L’Archibudelli. Conductor of the Smithsonian Chamber Orchestra since 1988, he became conductor of the Santa Fe Bach Festival in 1998, and led the Santa Fe Pro Musica Chamber Orchestra from 1999 to 2004. He has been a soloist and/or conductor with numerous other orchestras, including the National Symphony, the Baltimore, Vancouver, and Québec Symphonies, the Filharmonia Sudecka, the Pleven Philharmonic, and the Cleveland Orchestra. His involvement with 20th-century art music included many seasons with Ralph Shapey’s Contemporary Chamber Players and founding membership in the Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art’s resident ensemble “Twittering Machine.”
He has appeared in hundreds of concerts with SCMS ensembles and made over sixty recordings, featuring him as a conductor, cellist, gambist, barytonist and keyboard player for music ranging from the Baroque (Marais, Corelli, Bach) through the Classical (Haydn, Boccherini, Beethoven, Schubert) and Romantic (Mendelssohn, Gade, Spohr) to the early twentieth century (Schönberg, Mahler, Richard Strauss). Of these, many have won prestigious international awards, including France’s Diapason d'Or and Choc, the “British Music Retailers’ Award for Excellence,” Italy’s Premio Internazionale del Disco Antonio Vivaldi, two GRAMMY® nominations, and numerous “Record of the Month” and “Record of the Year” prizes. 
A notable scholar and educator, Slowik has presented lectures and seminars throughout the United States. His articles on music and performance practice have appeared in several scholarly journals; his annotations for recordings and concert programs are frequently cited as models in their field. In 2011 he received the Smithsonian Secretary's Distinguished Research Lecture Award. Slowik serves on the faculties of L’Académie Internationale du Domaine Forget in Québec and the University of Maryland; he has been the Artistic Director of the Baroque Performance Institute at the Oberlin College Conservatory since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18497609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497609" title="World Long Gone">
World Long Gone

"World Long Gone" is the second single by Scars on Broadway off their eponymous debut album. The track was featured in a commercial for the video game, "Rock Revolution."
Music video.
On September 5, 2008, Scars on Broadway released a music video teaser for "World Long Gone" in a MySpace bulletin. The video premiered on Yahoo! Music on September 8, 2008.
The video was directed by Joel Schumacher.

</doc>
<doc id="18497616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497616" title="Ambrosia chamissonis">
Ambrosia chamissonis

Ambrosia chamissonis is a species of ragweed known by the common names Silver Burr Ragweed, Silver Beachweed and (Silver) Beach Bur(r). 
It is known from most of the coastline of western North America from Alaska to Baja California, where it is a resident of beaches and other sandy coastal habitat. 
Description.
"Ambrosia chamissonis" is a large, sprawling perennial herb exceeding in maximum width. The stems are roughly or softly hairy and longitudinally ridged. The plentiful leaves are a few centimeters long, woolly and silver-green, and variable in shape. 
The plant is monoecious, with male and female flowers on each individual. Staminate (male) flower heads containing many pale colored florets occur at the tip of the inflorescence, with pistillate (female) flower heads clustered below them. Each pistillate head contains a single tiny flower which develops into a fruit. The fruit is a brown bur up to a centimeter wide covered in sharp spines. 

</doc>
<doc id="18497627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497627" title="Prosper Boulanger">
Prosper Boulanger

Prosper Boulanger (born November 17, 1918 in St-Eugène de l'Islet, Quebec, - died December 5, 2002) was a Canadian politician and businessman. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1962 as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Mercier. He was re-elected in 1963, 1965, 1968, 1972 and 1974. During his political career, he was Chair of the Canadian House of Commons Standing Committee on Veterans Affairs and also a member of the Canadian House of Commons Standing Committee on Fisheries and Forestry and the Canadian House of Commons Standing Committee on Procedure and Organization and served as Assistant Deputy Chair of Committees of the Whole. Boulanger was also a councillor on the Montreal City Council and also served in the Royal Canadian Air Force between 1939 and 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18497671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497671" title="Yeouido Airport">
Yeouido Airport

Yeouido Airport was an International Airport in Yeouido, Seoul city. It operated as an international airport from 1929 to 1958. It was closed prior to the opening of Seoul Air Base.
Former Operators.
Korean National Airlines

</doc>
<doc id="18497688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497688" title="LIM (rapper)">
LIM (rapper)

Salim Lakhdari (born in July, 1979 in Boulogne-Billancourt (Paris), France), more commonly known as LIM, is a French rapper and producer of Kabyle Algerian origin.
Biography.
LIM began rapping in 1990 at the age of 10 with the group "Mo'vez Lang", made up of his neighborhood friends Boulox Force (Djibi Diop) and Cens Nino (Houcene Marega).
In 2005, LIM released his debut solo album entitled "Enfant Du Ghetto", which featured Mo'vez Lang, Cheb Yahya, Cici and Mala.
On October 22, 2007, LIM released his second solo album entitled "Délinquant". In its first week, the album finished as the top selling album in all categories in France with 12,000 copies sold and would later go on to achieve gold status.
He has worked with many of France's top rappers including Rim'K, Booba and Manu Key.
Tous Illicites Productions.
Originally signed with the 45 Scientific label, LIM left it after some internal problems and made his own label called "Tous Illicites Productions". On top of releasing his own albums and mixtapes, LIM has used the label to give many youths in the Parisian banlieues an opportunity with free studio time and financial support to release albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18497698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18497698" title="Kathryn Kolbert">
Kathryn Kolbert

Kathryn Kolbert is the Constance Hess Williams Director of Barnard College’s Athena Center for Leadership Studies. She is a former president of People for the American Way and the People for the American Way Foundation.
Before she became a journalist, Ms. Kolbert was a public interest attorney specializing in women’s reproductive rights. From 1979-1988, she was a Staff Attorney with the Women's Law Project and Community Legal Services in Philadelphia. Ms. Kolbert served as the State Coordinating Counsel of the American Civil Liberty Union's Reproductive Freedom Project in New York from 1988-1992. Between 1992 to 1997, she directed domestic litigation and public policy programs for the Center for Reproductive Law and Policy, where she was Co-Founder and Vice President. 
In 1992, Ms. Kolbert successfully argued before the United States Supreme Court in "Planned Parenthood v. Casey", widely considered one of the most important rulings regarding reproductive rights in the United States. She has been credited with saving the U.S. Supreme Court decision in Roe v. Wade.
From 1998-2008, Ms. Kolbert oversaw a program on law and American life at the University of Pennsylvania's Annenberg Public Policy Center. She was the Executive Producer of Justice Talking, a radio program distributed by National Public Radio, and directed an educational website called JusticeLearning.org, which received a Webby Award in 2005. 
Prior to working at Barnard, Ms. Kolbert spent a year in Washington, D.C. as President and CEO of the People for the American Way and People for the American Way Foundation. She resigned as President and CEO in April 3, 2009.
Ms. Kolbert has been recognized by the National Law Journal as one of the "100 Most Influential Lawyers in America,” and by the American Lawyer as one of 45 public-interest lawyers “whose vision and commitment are changing lives." In 2011, Ms. Kolbert received the Edith I. Spivack Award from the New York County Lawyers' Association's Women's Rights Committee.
Ms. Kolbert graduated from the Kingswood School Cranbrook in 1970, received her Bachelor of Arts from Cornell University's School of Arts and Sciences in 1974, and graduated cum laude from Temple University School of Law in 1977. 

</doc>
