<doc id="18386359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386359" title="Drawn By Pain">
Drawn By Pain

"Drawn By Pain" is a 12-part episodic internet series. It is about the spiral into one woman’s search for salvation as her animated madness fights for her sanity in the real world.
Plot/Summary.
A little girl with an abusive father finds a creative outlet for her inner turmoil in personal drawings to escape the horrible reality of her domestic life. In his last fit of rage, her father kills her mother and then turns his attention to young Emily. The illustrations in her sketch book come to life in her defense. Fueled by her rage, Emily becomes her animated dark alter-ego and strikes out against her father, avenging her mother's unjust death. Consequently, Emily's adulthood is as broken as her childhood. A bitter and sheltered woman, Emily's past demons fuel, empower, and push her to be the very thing she once feared: a monster. Publicly quiet but privately vengeful, her animated beasts degenerate others into their ugliest forms. As soon as they become their worst, she destroys them as if were her personal responsibility.
But with this vengeance comes confusion. At first, Emily controls her animations. As her demons grow stronger, she can no longer stop the little girl inside of her from lashing out at the world. She quickly turns from predator to prey as new demonic beings, forged by her own strife-ridden mind, appear and begin to virulently pursue her. Emily struggles to reconcile her brutal past before the animated power triggered by her anguished inner psyche kills her and everyone around her.
Origin/Concept.
From the very start, the Webby award winning 'Drawn by Pain' has been anything but conventional. With its unique amalgamation of animation and live-action, 'Drawn by Pain' has helped revolutionize the independent film scene by building its popular brand online before carrying the original storyline onto multiple platforms.
"I just did my best to tell a story that meant a lot to me," says director Jesse Cowell. "After having met so many young people online who were having trouble moving forward from issues stemming from their pasts, I decided it was time to tell the story of someone coming to terms with themselves; battling the troubles of old so they could live a better, less angst-ridden, tomorrow. 'Drawn by Pain' gave me a way to do that visually as we could actually see the inner workings of Emily's mind (represented by animated archetypes) fighting for control of her in the real world."
The project itself is an archetype which demonstrates the influence of online communities on autonomous filmmakers. Fans of the show were not only able to experience the film's message on a personal level, but also invited to take part in its production by acting as extras, contributing musical talents, and participating in grassroots marketing to help bring the director's vision to its full potential. Now completed, Cowell has turned the web-series into the form it was planned to be from the inset: a feature film soon to be released in many venues.
Director's Bio.
Jesse Cowell grew up on the upper west side of Manhattan New York. As a child, when he wasn't being read to by his novelist mother or chasing fires and SWAT teams with his news photographer father, Jesse spent four days a week watching movies at his favorite neighborhood theatre. In the years that followed, Jesse followed his dream to Los Angeles to attend the University of Southern California's (USC) acclaimed Cinema School, where he earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in Cinema/Television Production. Along the way, he won several Cine Eagle awards and a student Emmy.
At this time, Cowell formed his own banner, Jeskid Productions, and mounted his first feature film, the highly irreverent comedy Shades of Gray which launched exclusively online in 2005. By releasing his film on the web, Cowell built up a very significant fan base and was even awarded the Audience Choice award for Best Director's Site by Movies.com. This led to Shades of Gray jumping to the big-screen as it was awarded Best Comedy Feature Film at the Microcinema Festival in Chicago that same year.
Throwing caution into the wind with the existing fan base 100 percent behind him, Cowell then mounted up with state-of-the-art HD equipment and began shooting what would be his most accomplished piece yet: the Webby Award winning Drawn by Pain. He took his creation and teamed up with cutting-edge animator Erica Langworthy while filming on the streets of New York. Cowell solely controlled the casting, scripting, shooting, directing, and editing aspects of the project, yet the series has the look, feel, and production quality of a thirty-man crew. Langworthy then creates her intense animation in sync with Jesse's unique vision. Drawn by Pain tells the story of Emily Waters, an eight-year-old girl who witnessed her father's brutality toward her mother, resulting in an ever-growing rage within her that manifests into the real world with vengeful anime characters.

</doc>
<doc id="18386366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386366" title="Michael Birawer">
Michael Birawer

Michael Birawer (born April 17, 1971) is an American artist. Born and based in St. Paul, Minnesota, he is known for his surrealist paintings of urban settings and their inhabitants.
Artwork.
Birawer, a graduate of St. Paul's College of Visual Arts, began his career exhibiting his work at art fairs and local galleries. Today, you can see his works at his gallery located in the artist district of Northeast Minneapolis as well as numerous national galleries and retail outlets. His work combines oil and acrylic paints with layers of sculpted wood that he dubbed "pop outs." 
Birawer first achieved major notice in 2001 with his series "Scenes from the Twin Cities", which consisted of 20 local landmarks including the Hennepin Avenue Bridge, First Avenue, W.A. Frost and the Grandview Theater. In an interview, Birawer dubbed his style "cat art," citing his inspiration from the cartoonish rendering of felines with elongated features and excessively vibrant hues. 
In 2003, Birawer was the winner of the year's poster contest to promote the St. Paul Art Crawl, a citywide celebration of the visual arts. His design "Chestnut and W. 7th" was used in the advertising and marketing of the event. In 2007, he was commissioned to create the official poster for the Minnesota State Fair. 
In 2009, Birawer was commissioned to create the artwork "The Art of Parking" for Amano McGann's entry into the International Parking Institute Conference and Expo. The booth was recognized by the committee and earned the award as the best at the Expo.
The Minnesota Twins commissioned Birawer in 2010 to create his interpretation of the team's new stadium, Target Field. The work, entitled, "Target Field - Home of the Twins", is on exhibit in the Minnesota Twins team offices at the ballpark. 

</doc>
<doc id="18386371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386371" title="New Cambridge Shakespeare">
New Cambridge Shakespeare

The New Cambridge Shakespeare is a series of scholarly editions of the plays of William Shakespeare published by Cambridge University Press. The series began in 1984, publishing several new editions each year. To date, the majority of Shakespeare's plays and poems have been published in the series. The series is designed to replace the New Shakespeare series, published by Cambridge in the early twentieth century.
The New Cambridge editions feature lengthy introductions and copious annotation. They are distinctive in appearance, being taller in shape than most of their competitors and featuring blue covers, with a multicoloured sketch of Shakespeare's face based on a drawing by David Hockney.
The earliest editions in the series feature drawings by C. Walter Hodges that reconstruct the appearance of the plays when first produced in the Elizabethan theatre; this practice continued until Hodges' death in 2004.
Notable editions published in the series include the first ever edition of the disputed play "Edward III" to be published as Shakespeare's as part of a series; and a controversial edition of "Pericles, Prince of Tyre" that rejects the conventional thesis that the play was poorly printed and the result of collaborative authorship.
The series also uniquely produces fully edited modern-spelling editions of quarto texts when they differ significantly from the standard received text of the play. These include editions of the first quarto of "Hamlet", the first quarto of "Henry V", quarto "King Lear", the "Richard III", the quarto of "Othello", the first quarto of "Romeo and Juliet", and "The Taming of a Shrew", an alternate version of "The Taming of the Shrew".
The general editors of the series are Philip Brockbank (1984-1990) and Brian Gibbons (1990-present).

</doc>
<doc id="18386376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386376" title="Edward Longstreet Bodin">
Edward Longstreet Bodin

Edwart Longstreet Bodin (August 5, 1894 – August 1983) was a mystery writer and founded the "Spiritual Party" as a platform for a run for President of the United States in the 1952 presidential election. He claimed in his book "Scare Me!" to be a descendent of Jean Bodin. He was a literary agent and mentor to L. Ron Hubbard.
Prior to authoring books, Bodin wrote for "Strange Stories" magazine as "Lucifer" and "Thrilling Mystery" magazine as "Chakra."
His book "Scare Me!" addressed ghosts, ectoplasm, demons, zombies, werewolves and other similar topics. In it, he thanked sixty-eight people, including Arthur J. Burks, Jack Dempsey, Ruth Lyons, Lowell Thomas, Nathaniel Schachner, Theodore Tinsley, F. Orlin Tremaine, Arthur Leo Zagat, William B. Ziff and L. Ron Hubbard. "Upper Purgatory" covered such subjects as ESP, flying saucers, the afterlife, and the Shakespeare authorship question.
In 1953, he suggested that if Winston Churchill doublecrossed the United States, the atom bomb should be used to divert the Gulf Stream in order to freeze England.[http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,935887,00.html] He suggested the same thing two years later in "Upper Purgatory," claiming to have received a letter from William E. Bergin, Adjutant General of the United States, treating the idea seriously (pages 17–18). He also suggested the death of Franklin Delano Roosevelt was due to psychic intervention to prevent America's government from being overrun by Communists (152).
In 1956, Bodin was the President of the Bernarr MacFadden Foundation, worth about $5,000,000. That year he also provided the foreword to a book by Blanche A. Draper, the pastor of "The Church of the Radiant Flame," a woman who worked as a psychic and medium.[http://www.wiseoldgoat.com/papers/corelli_pub-list.html

</doc>
<doc id="18386394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386394" title="C. occultus">
C. occultus

C. occultus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18386442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386442" title="M. occultus">
M. occultus

M. occultus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18386455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386455" title="I've Got a Rock in My Sock">
I've Got a Rock in My Sock

"I've Got a Rock in My Sock" is a blues album by American blues guitarist and singer Rory Block, it was released in 1986 by Rounder Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18386478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386478" title="House of Music">
House of Music

House of Music is the fourth studio album by American R&B group Tony! Toni! Toné!, released on November 19, 1996, by Mercury Records. It is the follow-up to their critically and commercially successful 1993 album "Sons of Soul". Recording sessions for the album took place at several recording studios in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Oakland, and Sacramento during 1995 to 1996, with production handled primarily by the group members. The album was named after a record store in the group's native Oakland.
Following their hiatus as a group, Tony! Toni! Toné! members Raphael Saadiq, D'wayne Wiggins, and Timothy Christian Riley worked on songs for the album independently before putting together their finished recordings. Collectively, they sought to emphasize musicianship rather than production technique during the sessions. "House of Music" expands on their previous work's traditional R&B influences with live instrumentation and balladry. Music writers have noted the album for its incorporation of traditional and contemporary musical styles, themes of love and romance, and witty, sensitive lyrics.
The album reached number 32 on the US "Billboard" 200, on which it charted for 31 weeks. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Upon its release, "House of Music" received general acclaim from music critics, who praised its musical style, classic influences, and the group's musicianship and songwriting. An expected international tour in support of the album did not materialize and it proved to be the group's last album together, as they subsequently disbanded due to creative differences and pursued separate music careers.
Background.
Following the commercial and critical success of their 1993 album "Sons of Soul", Tony! Toni! Toné! took a hiatus as a group. During their break, the group's main members Raphael Wiggins, D'wayne Wiggins, and Timothy Christian Riley worked on songwriting and production for other recording artists, including D'Angelo, En Vogue, Karyn White, Tevin Campbell, and A Tribe Called Quest. Raphael Wiggins adopted the surname Saadiq for his professional name in 1994, meaning "man of his word" in Arabic, and released his solo single "Ask of You" in 1995. Their work outside the group led to rumors of a break-up during the time between albums. 
"House of Music" was titled after the name of a record store in the group's native Oakland, California, which had closed several years prior to the album's release. In an interview for "Billboard", D'wayne Wiggins said of naming the album, "We title all our albums at the end of the project. We sat back and listened to everything, and it reminded us of this mom-and-pop store around our way in Oakland." The album's cover and booklet photos were taken by photographer William Claxton.
Recording.
Recording sessions for the album took place during September 1995 to September 1996 at various recording studios in California, including Brillian Studios and Hyde Street Studios in San Francisco, Coda Studios and Grass Roots Studios in Oakland, Encore Studios, Image Recording, and Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles, and Pookie Labs and Woodshed Studios in Sacramento. The group used vintage recording equipment and, for certain tracks, a 40-piece orchestra. In contrast to their previous work, each member arranged, composed, and produced songs on their own before putting the finished recordings together. In a 1997 interview, Saadiq said of working independently of Wiggins and Riley, "What I did was write a lot of stuff and rehearse it for about a month, then recorded it live. Then they would add their parts separately." He worked with his own recording crew, comprising guitarist Chalmers "Spanky" Alford, drummer Tommy Branford, and keyboardists Kelvin Wooten and Cedric Draper. 
The album's opening track, "Thinking of You", is one song that the group conceived and recorded together. D'wayne Wiggins recounted its recording in a 1996 interview for "USA Today", stating "Usually the first track we start off with sets the pace. We did it at 3 in the morning in Ray's studio in Sacramento, and we were just having fun with an Al Green vibe." Saadiq later said of developing the song, "I was just playing around and started singing off the top of my head. I never wrote anything down, it was just what came out." "Annie May", one of Wiggins' songs for "House of Music", had Saadiq's backing vocals pre-recorded and subsequently overdubbed to the track's final mix.
Wiggins found the group's hiatus constructive to recording a follow-up, so as not to produce an album derivative of "Sons of Soul". He said of the music in an interview for "Billboard", "It's not just a bunch of grooves that we put together and made sure that the tempo fit. Lyrically and musically, it talks about something, and you're able to feel the emotional buildup that we felt when we were making the songs [...] It's funny though. Even though we did the music separately, when we got together, it all had the same kind of sound." The group intended on recording with an emphasis on musicianship rather than production. Wiggins noted a lack of synthesizers as distinctive of the music, adding that "On a lot of the songs, you can just imagine a five-piece band performing." Guest musicians for the album included rapper and producer DJ Quik, percussionist Sheila E., and the Tower of Power horn section. "House of Music" was mastered by audio engineer Brian Gardner at Bernie Grundman Mastering in Hollywood, California.
One of Saadiq's songs for the album, "Me and the Blind Man", was excluded from the album's final mix. Originally issued on an album sampler sent by the group's label to music journalists, the recording is a moody, bluesy song with surreal lyrics about lust, longing, and a fictitious blind man's secret powers. In a 1997 interview for Yahoo! Music, Saadiq expressed that he meant to show "a darker side [...] some depth" to listeners with the song and said of its significance to the album, "To me songs like 'Blind Man,' make the whole sound, the "House of Music"." He said that it was not included on the album to equally represent each group members' songwriting, stating "They didn't want anybody playing favorites, so one of my songs had to come off."
Music and lyrics.
"House of Music" expands on the group's previous traditional R&B-influenced work with live instrumentation and an emphasis on ballads. Dan Kening of the "Daily Herald" describes it as "half a tribute to their '60s and '70s soul music roots and half a masterful blend of modern smooth balladeering and danceable funk." Music journalist Jennie Yabroff of Salon denotes the album's songs as primarily "ballads — long, slow, emotional numbers with muted beats" that accent their lyrics. "Drum" writes that mid-tempo songs such as "Thinking of You" and "Still a Man" "lean heavily on '60s soul/R&B given a contemporary face," while up-tempo songs such as "Lovin' You", "Don't Fall in Love", and "Let's Get Down" have elements of funk. 
Music writers have described the songs' lyrics as witty and sensitive. Michaelangelo Matos of the "Chicago Reader" characterizes Saadiq's songwriting as playful and quirky, and compares his tenor singing voice to that of a young Michael Jackson. Of Wiggins' songwriting style, Matos describes his melodies and rhythms as more subtle than those of Saadiq and notes "burnished obbligatos, hushed burr, and starry-eyed falsetto" in Wiggins' singing. Saadiq alternates on lead vocals with Wiggins throughout the album. Richard Torres of "Newsday" attributes the group's lyrics and themes on the album to their " in the power of love and the lure of romance."
Songs.
The opening track "Thinking of You" has been described by Saadiq as "a really soul, southern, funky song" whose style references that of singer Al Green. It has light guitar brushes and features him vocalizing in a Southern twang. "Top Notch" contains musical elements of jazz and psychedelic music. "Let's Get Down" features rapper DJ Quik and a dance, funk-based sound with a repeating acoustic guitar figure. Its chorus samples the bridge from Nirvana's 1991 song "Smells Like Teen Spirit". "Til Last Summer", a ballad about love lost and found, has smooth vocals by Wiggins and a mellow style similar to the group's 1993 song "Anniversary". DJ Quick contributed with triangle on the song. "Lovin' You" features prominent electric piano, a saxophone solo, a slow groove, and complex harmonies. 
"Still a Man" has female backing vocalists and pleading vocals by Saadiq, who sings from the perspective of a man who was left by his wife to raise their children alone. The backing vocalists sing the song's meditative hook, "Have you ever loved somebody / Who loves you so much it hurts you to hurt them so bad?" "Don't Fall in Love" is about adult romance and advises against falling in love with a woman without becoming familiar with her. "Holy Smokes & Gee Whiz" features lighthearted lyrics by D'wayne Wiggins and lead vocals by Randall Wiggins, his and Saadiq's older brother. It has been described by one writer as an "update of the Stylistics' 'Betcha By Golly, Wow,' which contains [...] a dead-on impression of Russell Thompkins' unmistakable falsetto and precise diction." 
"Annie May" is a salacious, humorous song about a lapdancer. "Let Me Know" is a traditional love song with smooth harmonies and a Wall of Sound-influenced sound. "Wild Child" features thick bass lines and heavy incorporation of the Hammond organ. Nick Krewen of "The Spectator" describes it as "a ballad in the grand sense of Earth, Wind and Fire's 'Be Ever Wonderful.'" "Party Don't Cry" is a meditation on mortality with jazzy, philosophical tones. Rickey Wright of the "Washington City Paper" writes that the song "expresses an overt spirituality unheard in the Tonyies' past songs." The closing track is a gospel-influenced instrumental and variation of "Lovin' You" composed by Saadiq. Its sole lyric is a universalist platitude.
Commercial performance.
The group's fourth album, "House of Music" was released on November 19, 1996, by Mercury Records. The label intended on a release date during the peak holiday shopping period and ran ad campaigns scheduled for network cable, syndicated television shows, and radio stations. Tony! Toni! Toné! inaugurated the album's release with a satellite press conference and in-store performance at a small business retailer in the San Francisco Bay Area. The album's lead single, "Let's Get Down", was sent to R&B and crossover radio on October 28. Its release was commenced with a black college concert tour and 14-city in-store tour at Black Independent Coalition record shops, while a music video was released to outlets such as BET, The Box, and MTV. Tony! Toni! Toné! performed the song as a musical guest on the sketch comedy show "All That". They also performed "Let's Get Down" and "Annie May" on "Soul Train". The second single "Thinking of You" was released on March 11, 1997.
The album peaked at number 32 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart. It spent 31 weeks on the chart. It also reached number 10 on the "Billboard" Top R&B Albums, spending 44 weeks on the chart. "House of Music" sold 318,502 copies in its first eight weeks. By March 1997, it had sold 514,000 copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan. On August 6, 1997, the album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, for shipments of one million copies in the United States.
Critical reception.
"House of Music" received general acclaim from contemporary music critics. "Q" called it "a startlingly diverse set ... taking in Memphis soul and Philly smooth en route to glistening swingbeat and seductive after-hours balladry." Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" praised the group's "intelligent, sometimes brilliant pastiche" and stated, "Their usual witty, tremendously likable collection appears on "House of Music", with a new recurring theme: what makes a man a man and a woman a woman, explored with both frankness and slyness." "Chicago Tribune" writer Greg Kot complimented the album's "rich old-school feel" and "some superbly executed homages to vintage heroes," stating "The Tonys don't borrow the sound so much as an attitude, as they find rapture that is steeped in reality rather than in the upwardly mobile fantasy concocted by many of today's less tradition-conscious R&B crooners." Connie Johnson of the "Los Angeles Times" found it to be "a sign of their own youthful spark and ingenuity that they can make a sound so old and familiar seem new again." Robert Christgau of "The Village Voice" called "Thinking of You" a "hilariously gutsy Al Green hommage that knows the great man's every moue and off-beat", and wrote of the group's musical "virtuosity" with the album: 
Sonia Murray of "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution" dubbed the album "the most versatile and efficacious of the trio's four albums" and stated, ""House of Music" draws emoting tips from '60s Sam Cooke; its musicianship is powered to compete with the Earth Wind & Fire of the '70s, and its funk wrenches sweat like the early '80s work of Cameo and Brick. But in a nod to Tony Toni Tone's inventiveness, it still manages to make each masterful re-creation new and meaningful." J.D. Considine of "The Baltimore Sun" felt that it "is hardly a throwback [...] Instead, the Tonies serve as a sort of stylistic missing link, suggesting what would have happened had the soul styles of the '70s continued to evolve, instead of being tossed aside by the synth-driven sound of the '80s." Michael A. Gonzales of "Vibe" commended the group for "us their elders as sketches for their personalized, complete sound paintings," writing that "Like a blaxploitation flick soundtrack, "House of Music" glows a vision of blackness that is superbad, mad smooth, and crazy sexy." Gonzales described it as "a wonderland of harmonic delights, softcore jollies, and slow-jam fever floating on the tip of Cupid's arrow" and wrote that it "shows the group exploring the sensuality of black pop without sounding like boulevard bullies stalking their objects of desire."
Aftermath.
Upon the album's release, the group dealt with growing tensions stemming from creative differences, business-related problems, and Saadiq's interest in a solo career. In an interview for "Vibe" at the time, Saadiq said of the situation within the group, "There's a quiet stress between us that no one really talks about. And what's sad about the whole thing is the fact that our friendship is disintegrating. Who knows, "House of Music" could be the last Tony Toni Toné album." However, they remained committed to promoting "House of Music" through 1997. On February 28, the group taped a performance for VH1's "Hard Rock Live" special. 
According to an interview with Mercury vice president Marty Maidenberg in October 1996, an international tour in promotion of the album was expected, with concert dates in Japan and the United Kingdom, but no tour materialized. In a November 1997 interview for the "Philadelphia Daily News", Saadiq said of the promotion and their record label, "There should have been like four singles from that album. You'll have to call Mercury on that. It went platinum with no promotional tour. We did our job and they made their money." They subsequently disbanded and each member pursued an individual music career.
Legacy.
Robert Christgau attributes the album's quality to Saadiq's lead role and asserts that "only with "House of Music" did they become true sons of the soul revival, the most accomplished r&b act of the '90s. That's still the album to remember them by." In a retrospective review, Allmusic editor Leo Stanley points out Tony! Toni! Toné!'s "traditional soul and R&B values of songwriting," writing that they "successfully accomplish their fusion of the traditional and contemporary [...] within the framework of memorable, catchy songs." Stanely notes their influence on neo soul artists such as Tony Rich and Maxwell at the time and writes that ""House of Music" continues the Tonies' tradition of excellence and demonstrates that the group is getting stronger and better all the time." Yahoo! Music's Scott Wilson praises the group's "craft" as "razor sharp by this record, and their crossover ability amazing as they infuse so many different elements into their music." "Chicago Reader" writer Michaelangelo Matos views that the album showcased Saadiq's and Wiggins' respective songwriting, stating "the contrast between Saadiq's and Wiggins's styles had grown so pronounced that the tension only enhanced what was already the group's best batch of songs."
Rashod Ollison of "The Virginian-Pilot" calls the album "a flawless gem" and writes of its musical significance, "Their amalgamation of traditional and contemporary styles coalesced beautifully. Their influences [...] are apparent throughout. But the Tonys never come off as imitators. Their winking sense of humor and passion for tradition flow in well-structured songs, glimmering with smart modern touches. The melodies are sturdy and memorable, qualities rarely found in modern R&B." In "The Rolling Stone Album Guide" (2004), "Rolling Stone" journalist Fred Schruers gives the album five out of five stars and comments on its significance to R&B, ""House of Music" consolidates the triumph of "Sons of Soul" for a masterpiece of 1990s R&B, an album that is as steeped in soul tradition as anything by Maxwell or D'Angelo, but that mixes the homage with humor and deft contemporary touches, thereby creating a new space all its own [...] Though the 70-minute disc doesn't deliver hooks from start to finish, the mood and groove never falter, standing with the best product ever put together by Gamble and Huff."
Personnel.
Credits for "House of Music" adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18386479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386479" title="Peter Cole">
Peter Cole

Peter Cole (b. 1957) is an American Jewish poet who lives in Jerusalem and New Haven.
Early life.
Cole was born in 1957 in Paterson, New Jersey. He attended Williams College and Hampshire College, and moved to Jerusalem in 1981. 
Literary career.
Cole's first book of poems, "Rift," was published in 1989, and "Hymns & Qualms" in 1998. The two volumes were reissued in the UK as "What is Doubled: Poems 1981-1988." "Things on Which I've Stumbled" was published in the fall of 2008. 
Cole’s work as both a poet and a translator reflects a sustained engagement with the cultures of Judaism and especially of the Middle East. He is, Eliot Weinberger has written “an urban poet whose city is Jerusalem; a classicist whose Antiquity is medieval Hebrew; a sensualist whose objects of delight are Mediterranean; an avant-gardist whose forms are the meditation, the song, the jeremiad, the proverb.” The "American Poet" noted that “prosodic mastery fuses with a keen moral intelligence” in Cole’s work, which the reviewer says is distinctive for its unfashionable engagement with wisdom and beauty. Other reviewers have noted the “politically charged” nature of the verse, and Harold Bloom has observed that “with "Things on Which I’ve Stumbled" matures into one of the handful of authentic poets in his own generation.” 
Cole has also worked intensively on Hebrew literature, with special emphasis on medieval Hebrew poetry. His 2007 anthology, "The Dream of the Poem: Hebrew Poetry in Muslim and Christian Spain, 950-1492" (Princeton)—recipient of the National Jewish Book Award and winner of the American Publishers Association’s award for Book of the Year—traces the arc of the entire period. Poet and translator Richard Howard described Cole’s work as “an entire revelation: a body of lyric and didactic verse so intense, so intelligent, and so vivid that it appears to identify a whole dimension of historical consciousness previously unavailable to us.” The "New York Times Book Review" wrote that “his versions are masterly.” 
In 2008, Cole combined and collected Hebrew literary works to create "Hebrew Writers on Writing" (Trinity University Press) which delves into their reflections on writing and explores the issues of national, linguistic, and ethnic identity.
"Sacred Trash: The Lost and Found World of the Cairo Geniza", a nonfiction book co-authored with his wife Adina Hoffman, was published in 2011 by Schocken Books and tells the story of the recovery from a Cairo geniza (or repository for worn-out texts) of the most vital cache of Hebrew manuscripts ever discovered. A review in "The Nation" characterized it as a “A literary jewel whose pages turn like those of a well-paced thriller, but with all the chiseled elegance and flashes of linguistic surprise that we associate with poetry.” 
Cole has also translated contemporary Hebrew and Arabic poetry and fiction by Aharon Shabtai, Yoel Hoffmann, Taha Muhammad Ali, Avraham Ben Yitzhak, and others. 
Cole, who has taught and been a visiting artist at Yale, Wesleyan, and Middlebury, is one of the founders and editors of Ibis Editions, a small press devoted to the publication of the literature of the Levant.
Translation and editing philosophy.
Cole believes that "helping things say what they seem to want to say, or are 'bound' to say," is central to his work as an editor and translator. He regards language as sacred, or a reflection of the sacred, and describes care for language as a moral and metaphysical act that "takes one into the weave of being." 
Personal life.
He is married to Adina Hoffman, an essayist and biographer.

</doc>
<doc id="18386482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386482" title="2000 AAPT Championships">
2000 AAPT Championships

The 2000 Next Generation Adelaide International was a men's ATP tennis tournament held in Adelaide, Australia and played on outdoor hardcourts. It was the 23rd edition of the tournament and was held from 3 to 10 January. Lleyton Hewitt won his first title of the year and the 3rd of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18386489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386489" title="N. occultus">
N. occultus

N. occultus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18386494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386494" title="Boulah Ould Mogueye">
Boulah Ould Mogueye

Boulah Ould Mogueye is the ambassador of the Islamic Republic of Mauritania to the Russian Federation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18386521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386521" title="S. occultus">
S. occultus

S. occultus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18386524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386524" title="Isolated primary immunoglobulin M deficiency">
Isolated primary immunoglobulin M deficiency

Isolated primary immunoglobulin M deficiency (or selective IgM immunodeficiency (SIgMD)) is a poorly defined dysgammaglobulinemia characterized by decreased levels of IgM while levels of other immunoglobulins are normal. The immunodeficiency has been associated with some clinical disorders including recurrent infections, atopy, Bloom's syndrome, celiac disease, systemic lupus erythematosus and malignancy, but, surprisingly, SIgMD seems to also occur in asymptomatic individuals. High incidences of recurrent upper respiratory tract infections (77%), asthma (47%) and allergic rhinitis (36%) have also been reported. SIgMD seems to be a particularly rare antibody deficiency with a reported prevalence between 0.03% (general population) and 0.1% (hospitalized patients).
The etiology of selective IgM deficiency remains unclear, although various mechanisms have been proposed, such as an increase in regulatory T cell functions, defective T helper cell functions and impaired terminal differentiation of B lymphocytes into IgM-secreting cells among others. It is however puzzling that class switching seems to happen normally (serum levels of other antibodies are normal), while dysfunctioning of IgM synthesis is expected to occur together with abnormalities in other immunoglobulins. Notwithstanding a clear pathogenesis and commonly accepted defenition, a cutoff for SIgMD could be the lower limit of the serum IgM reference range, such as 43 mg/dL in adults or even 20 mg/dL.

</doc>
<doc id="18386529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386529" title="Taschner">
Taschner

Taschner is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18386552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386552" title="White racial frame">
White racial frame

Sociologist Joe Feagin[http://sociweb.tamu.edu/faculty/feagin/] coined the concept of the white racial frame after conducting extensive sociological research and writings on racial and ethnic oppression, exploitation, and inequality over the past several decades. A critical aspect of the societal reality of "systemic racism", the white racial frame is a generic meaning system that has long been propagated and held by most white Americans—and even, at least in part, accepted by many people of color. Among whites in particular, this framing is deeply held, broad, and encompasses many pieces of racialized knowledge and understandings that in concert shape human action and behavior in a myriad of ways that are often automatic or unconscious. The white racial frame is more than cognitive; it is a deep racial framing that has racial images, interpretations, emotions, and action inclinations that are closely tied to racial cognitions and understandings therein.
The dominant white racial frame generally has several levels of abstraction. At the most general level, the racial frame views whites as mostly superior in culture and achievement and views people of color as generally of less social, economic, and political consequence than whites—as inferior to whites in the making and keeping of the nation. At the next level of framing, whites view an array of social institutions as normally white-controlled and as unremarkable in the fact that whites therein are unjustly enriched and disproportionately privileged. At the lowest level of abstraction, negative stereotypes and images of the “inferior racial others” are constructed and accepted. This framing is so taken for granted that at no level is this white racial frame questioned or challenged by most whites. Relatively few whites ever think critically about its major contours and deep significance. Most whites collude tacitly in an agreement not to question it. The frame includes not only negative understandings of Americans of color, but also assertively positive understandings of whites and white institutions. White superiority is regularly coupled with ideas of inferiority of people of color.
For most white Americans, the white racial frame is deeply held and extensive, with many stored aspects or “bits,” including stereotyped knowledge, racial understandings, and racial interpretations. In this sense, “bits” are pieces of cultural information that is collectively derived and passed along from one person and group to the next, and from one generation to the next. Specific bits of the white racial frame began to develop as early as the 1607 with the introduction of north Europeans, by means of invasion of North America, to Native Americans and, soon, Africans. In everyday practices, there are multiple variations of the frame and it is not always used in the same way by whites. But, by constantly using selected bits of the dominant white racial frame to interpret society, by integrating new items into it, and by applying learned stereotypes, images, and interpretations in discriminatory actions, whites imbed their racialized frame deeply in their minds. Particularly important in the white racial frame are intimate friendship and kinship groups, for in such settings essential racial “bits” become a common cultural currency [http://www.racismreview.com]. 
Depending on the situation, whites typically combine racial stereotypes (the cognitive aspect), metaphors and concepts (the deeper cognitive aspect), images (the visual aspect), emotions (feelings like fear), or inclinations to take discriminatory action within a racist framing of society. This frame assists them in evaluating Americans of color in everyday situations, as well as in assessing white Americans and white institutions. While there are variations among white individuals and small groups in regard to the dominant racial framing across white America, and indeed other white areas of the globe, most such framing encompasses thousands of conventional racist bits webbed together. Some bits are subtly racist cognitions, images, emotions, and inclinations, while many others are more blatantly racist. Each person, and/or their immediate small group, draws from the larger frame.

</doc>
<doc id="18386560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386560" title="John Maher (hurler)">
John Maher (hurler)

John Maher (1908–1990) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Thurles Sarsfields and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1930 until 1945. Maher captained Tipperary to the All-Ireland title in 1945 and is regarded as one of Tipperary's all-time great defenders and is accorded iconic status in the county's hurling history. The only captain to be chaired, shoulder-high from Semple Stadium to Liberty Square, which happened in the aftermath of Tipperary's famous victory in the Munster Final of 1945.
Biography.
John Maher was born in Thurles, County Tipperary in 1908. He was born into a family that had a strong association with the hurling tradition of the area. His father, "Long" Dinny Maher, had been involved with the Thurles Blues side that won the first ever All-Ireland hurling title in 1887. He captained the team in some of the games, however, he played no part in the final due to a dispute over travel expenses. In later years, other members of the Maher clan were instrumental in the purchase of Thurles Sportsfield, later Semple Stadium.
Maher grew up on the family farm just outside the town and was educated locally. After a brief education he took over the family farm, got married and worked on the land for the rest of his life. In his playing days he was known as a fierce opponent who manned the Tipperary half back line like his life depended on it. Indeed, the legendary Mick Mackey of Limerick later said of John "a tough bony divil, oh you would know all about it if you got past him alright". John also holds the honour of being the oldest man ever to captain an All-Ireland winning team at either hurling or football when he lifted the Liam McCarthy at the age of 37 after the 1945 final. His grandson, Pa Bourke is a current member of the Tipperary panel and won an All Ireland medal in 2010 and also appeared as a substitute in the 2011 final loss to Kilkenny, a game in which Pa scored Tipperary's only goal.
John Maher died in 1990 just before that year’s Munster final. He was posthumously honoured in 1999 when the Killinan end of Semple Stadium was renamed the Maher Terrace in his honour.
Playing career.
Club.
Maher played his club hurling with the legendary Thurles Sarsfields club and enjoyed much success. He won his first senior county title in 1929 to begin a remarkable run of success. In all, he won nine county titles with ‘the Sars’ club. Maher’s other county medals came in 1935, 1936, 1938, 1939, 1942 and a three-in-a-row in 1944, 1945 and 1946.
Inter-county.
Maher made his senior debut for Tipperary in the National Hurling League 1929-30. His first outing proved less than successful; however, Tipp bounced back in 1930. That year Maher collected his first Munster title as Tipperary trounced Clare. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Dublin provide the opposition. The first-half was a close affair; however, goals by Martin Kennedy and captain John Joe Callanan gave Tipp the edge. The Munster men hung on to win by 2-7 to 1-3, giving Maher his first All-Ireland medal.
Tipp went into decline for the next few years as Limerick emerged as the dominant team in Munster. Tipperary returned to the big time in 1937. That year Maher collected a second Munster medal as his side defeated Limerick, the reigning All-Ireland champions, in the provincial decider. Tipp later qualified for the All-Ireland final. The game itself was played in FitzGerald Stadium, Killarney and Kilkenny provided the opposition. The game saw a surprisingly overwhelming victory for Tipp on a score line of 3-11 to 0-3. It was Maher’s second All-Ireland medal.
Tipperary hurling faced a traumatic few years following this victory. The county was excluded from the provincial championship in 1941 due to an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in the county. As a result of this Cork were declared Munster champions and went on to win the All-Ireland title. In the delayed Munster final Tipp gained their revenge on Cork and Maher collected a third Munster medal.
In 1945 Tipperary were back at the top table in Munster once again. That year Maher was appointed captain of the Tipperary team. He won a fourth Munster title that year as Tipp defeated Limerick. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Kilkenny provide the opposition, however, the game was a much closer affair than the previous meeting, Tipp took a 4-3 to 0-3 lead at half-time, however, ‘the Cats’ came storming back after the interval. Tipp held on to win by 5-6 to 3-6 and Maher collected a third All-Ireland medal and the Liam McCarthy Cup.
Maher played for one final season in 1946, however, Tipp were defeated in their opening game. Maher retired from inter-county hurling shortly afterwards.
Provincial.
Maher also lined out with Munster in the inter-provincial hurling competition and enjoyed much success winning six Railway Cup medals. He first played for his province in the Railway Cup in 1934 and captured his first winners’ medal that year. Maher captured further titles in 1937, 1938, 1940, 1943 and 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18386575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386575" title="1999 AAPT Championships">
1999 AAPT Championships

The 1999 Next Generation Adelaide International was a men's ATP tennis tournament held in Adelaide, Australia and played on outdoor hardcourts. It was the 22nd edition of the tournament and was held from 4 to 11 January. Thomas Enqvist won his first title of the year and the 15th of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18386586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386586" title="Shernborne">
Shernborne

Shernborne is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
It covers an area of and had a population of 59 in 24 households as of the 2001 census.
For the purposes of local government, it falls within the district of King's Lynn and West Norfolk.
Together with the villages of West Newton, Flitcham, and Anmer, it is part of the Royal Sandringham Estate. The village club was shut by the Sandringham Estate and it now stands empty.

</doc>
<doc id="18386598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386598" title="Samuel S. Adams">
Samuel S. Adams

Samuel S. Adams (1937 – May 5, 2006) was an economic geologist who was a leading advocate of cooperation and multidisciplinary collaboration among professional geologists, the business community, the government, and public interests. 
He began his career as a geologist for International Minerals and Chemical Corporation (subsequently renamed IMC Global and merged into The Mosaic Company) and the Anaconda Copper Mining Company. In 1986, he became a Professor at the Colorado School of Mines and head of its Geology and Geological Engineering Department. In 1991, he returned to his native New Hampshire to became president and general manager of Loon Mountain, a major ski and summer resort in the state.
Apart from his occupational pursuits, he was a leading member of the broader geosciences community and contributed to it in many ways. He was president of the American Geological Institute (AGI), receiving its highest award, the Ian Campbell Medal, in 2005; in addition, he was editor-in-chief of "Geotimes", the AGI's monthly news magazine. He also served as president of the Society of Economic Geologists. He was a member of the council of the Geological Society of America and received its Distinguished Service Award in 2002. 
Adams served the government in a number of capacities. In 1996, Adams was named chairman of the United States National Research Council (NRC) panel that reviewed the Mineral Resource Surveys Program Plan of the United States Geological Survey (USGS). In recognition of his service to the USGS, he was presented with the John Wesley Powell Award, the USGS’s highest honor, in 1998. He was subsequently vice chairman of the NRC Committee on Hardrock Mining on Federal Lands. For many years, he served as a member of the Board of Earth Sciences and Resources of the National Academy of Sciences, advising the United States Congress and government agencies on issues and policy related to earth science and environmental science.
Born in Lincoln, New Hampshire, as Samuel Sherman Adams, he was the son of Sherman Adams, who served as White House Chief of Staff for President Dwight D. Eisenhower and as Governor of New Hampshire, and Rachel White. He graduated from Cardigan Mountain School in 1951 and St. Paul’s School in 1955. He received a B.S. in 1959 and an M.S. in 1961 from Dartmouth College. He earned a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18386600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386600" title="Arcel">
Arcel

ARCEL advanced foam resin consists of polystyrene and polyethylene, providing exceptional toughness, flexibility and durability in a lightweight foam. Produced by NOVA Chemicals, ARCEL resin creates a resilient foam that can be molded into numerous, complex, and intricate forms, including high-electronics packaging. Its lightweight construction is resistant to puncture, flaking, tearing, and breaking. 

</doc>
<doc id="18386603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386603" title="Legends of the Dark Crystal">
Legends of the Dark Crystal

Legends of the Dark Crystal is an OEL manga published by Tokyopop, based on the 1982 Jim Henson fantasy film "The Dark Crystal". It's written by Barbara Randall Kesel and illustrated by Heidi Arnhold and Max Kim.
The story is a prequel, set several centuries before the film, about two Gelflings, Lahr, a herder and musician, and Neffi, a weaver, who put up a resistance against the oppressive Skeksis, and their destructive army of giants, the Garthim. Three volumes were planned. The second volume was released in August 2010, but the third volume has been cancelled.
Plot.
Volume 1: The Garthim Wars.
Lahr is in a field with his pet, Whouf, and his herd of Mounders, when he spots a herd of Garthim heading for his village. He runs to the village, but the Garthim have already destroyed it and captured all the villagers. A Garthim tries to capture Lahr, and ends up breaking his flute. In a fit of rage, Lahr stabs the Garthim with his flute, and it dies. Lahr has just killed a Garthim, a feat once thought to be impossible. Lahr leaves the village.
In the forest, Lahr meets a female Gelfling named Neffi, who was a weaver. Her and Lahr have a "dreamfasting", where Gelflings exchange memories through touch, and Lahr sees that Neffi witnessed her village being attacked by Garthim. She realizes that they're on the warpath, and she needs to warn the other Gelfling villages. She decides to join Lahr.
Lahr and Neffi soon reach the Namopo Valley, where a secret Gelfling village lies secure in a maze of canyons. Lahr tells them what he's seen, and they must decide whether to retreat or fight the Garthim. Neffi plays a game with some Gelfling children where they get tangled up in a thread of yarn and can't break it. She realizes that a net is stronger than its fibers, and gets an idea. The elders of a village decide to cast a vote to leave or stay.
Meanwhile, back at the Dark Castle where the Skeksis live, Emperor SkekSo is worried that the supply of Gelfling essence is running out. General SkekVar, who is in charge of the Garthim army, assures him that's not true. While they're debating, SkekSo starts choking, and SkekVar almost grabs the Scepter of Office, a symbol of the Skeksis emperorship, while SkekSo chokes. This was a test of loyalty, however, and SkekSo is suspicious that SkekVar tried to grab it. SkekVar begs for forgiveness, and SkekSo says he's forgiven the incident, but asks him to cooperate with SkekLach with his Gelfling collecting.
Chamberlain SkekSil, who is eavesdropping, thinks that SkekSo is becoming paranoid, and believes he can take advantage of this. This foreshadows his actions in the film to usurp SkekSo's throne following his death. Like in the film, SkekSil has a tendency to say "Hmmm" often.
Back in Namopo Valley, the village elders have finished their vote. While they're counting, however, a lookout spots a Garthim army in the distance, and the vote is cancelled. Panicked, Lahr urges everyone to run, but Neffi says she counted the votes, and the elders want to stay. Lahr comes back to his senses, and the Gelfling begin to arm. The Gelfling are a peaceful race and have no weapons, so they smash whatever they have to use as sharp objects.
Meanwhile, in Dark Castle, SkekTek is about to harvest the captured Gelfling's essence, but is confronted by SkekLach. He asks if the Emperor gets all the essence, and SkekTek assures him that he does; keeping any for himself is heresy. With this news, SkekLach takes some essence and drinks it to blackmail SkekTek.
The Gelflings at Namopo continue to arm. Tempers are running hot, since Gelflings are peaceful by nature, but Lahr assures them this is their only chance of survival.
Soon, they're ready for attack. Neffi has weaved a large net lined with spikes across the entrance to the valley to keep the Garthim out. It keeps them at bay, but soon they break through it, and the battle begins. It's a difficult fight, but the Garthim aren't used to being stood up to, so they become confused, and eventually retreat. SkekLach observes all of this, and vows that he shall be the one to take revenge.
The battle won for now, Lahr explains to the village that their victory was a matter of "doing what you can". Lahr and Neffi then decide to go to Dark Castle to rescue the other Gelflings.
Characters.
Lahr - The protagonist. He's a Gelfling shepherd and musician whose village is ransacked by Garthim. He's the first Gelfling to have ever killed a Garthim. He's strong and compassionate, and has a way with words. He's regarded as brave by the other Gelflings, but he doesn't see it as bravery so much as "doing what you can". He has a small, dog-like pet named Whouf, as well as a herd of large Mounders, large apelike creatures that resemble grassy hills with trees growing out of them when they sleep.
Neffi - A female Gelfling that accompanies Lahr. She was a weaver in her old village, which also came under Garthim attack. She's kind and playful, and loves children. She is also very resourceful and courageous.
Belleg - A high-ranking elder of the Gelfling village in Namopo Valley. He's an older Gelfling, and also narrowly avoided a Garthim attack when he was young. He remembers a time when Gelfling and Skeksis were not enemies. He's an outspoken leader, and is not above playing with some of the children and showing off on the battlefield.
Vhant - An elder that helps lead the battle against the Garthim. He's a stern and stoic leader, more soft-spoken than the other elders, such as Belleg. He is killed during the Garthim battle at the end of Volume 1.
Kelsee - A female Gelfling that acts as a lookout for Namopo Valley, and later commands an aerial unit to combat the Garthim. She's very energetic and carefree, and is a strong leader of the aerial command.
Smeeshun - A small Gelfling child that Elder Belleg has taken under his wing. He's very brave and headstrong, and wants to help however he can. He's given the responsibility of hiding the village children.
SkekSo - The Skeksis Emperor. He is advanced in age, so he's concerned about the supply of Gelfling essence, which grants youth, and he's also worried about being usurped. He's vindictive and calculating.
SkekVar - A general in the Skeksis army. He has a strong sense of honour and is loyal to the emperor, but also rather defensive.
SkekTek - The head Skeksis scientist. He's in charge of harvesting Gelfling essence and creating the Garthim. He's a bit of a hermit, and also naïve and easy to manipulate.
SkekLach - A Skeksis who is in charge of collecting Gelflings. He blackmails SkekTek into servitude by taking Gelfling essence, which is only supposed to be given to the emperor. He's hungry for power, and is constantly scheming to get ahead, and to take revenge on the Gelflings.
UrSen - An urRu/Mystic Monk who narrates the story. He is SkekLach's mystic counterpart.
Critical reception.
The first volume of "Legends of the Dark Crystal" was received favourably by critics, earning a score of 9.7 out of 10 by IGN Comics.
Volume 2: Trial by Fire.
"Legends of the Dark Crystal" was to be a three-volume series, similar to its sister series "Return to Labyrinth". In the third volume of Return to Labyrinth, there was a sneak peek of the artwork for the second volume of Legends of the Dark Crystal. Volume 2, Trial by Fire, was released on August 3, 2010 and finished the story; the third volume having been cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="18386613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386613" title="Samuel Jagger">
Samuel Jagger

Samuel Thornton Jagger (30 June 1904 – 30 May 1964) was a Welsh cricketer who played first-class cricket on more than 40 occasions between the wars. He was later to work as a housemaster at Lancing College.
Educated at Malvern College, he captained the cricket eleven in both 1921 and 1922.
His first-class debut came for Worcestershire against Somerset at Weston-super-Mare in August 1922. In a drawn match, Jagger took three first-innings wickets.
He also played for Worcestershire, as well as Cambridge University, the following season, but it was then discovered that his county qualification was invalid.
During 1923, he made his only first-class half-century when he hit 58 for Cambridge against Essex.
Jagger played no first-class cricket in 1924, but in the two years thereafter he appeared regularly for Cambridge and won his Blue. In early May 1925, he claimed his first five-wicket haul when he took 5–40 against Sussex at Fenner's.
He also claimed five-wicket bags for Cambridge that season against Free Foresters (taking nine in the match) and Surrey,
the three bowling feats coming within a space of six weeks. He ended 1925 with 41 first-class wickets (his highest season's aggregate) at 32.21. The following year he picked up another 24 wickets, and achieved a career-best 5–24 against Yorkshire
From 1927 and 1929, Jagger turned out for Wales, at that point playing a small number of first-class games each year, and played in the side's eight-wicket win over the touring West Indians. The game was dominated by 55-year-old Sydney Barnes' 12 wickets, and the wicketless Jagger's personal contribution was limited to a first-innings 30.
Jagger played a little minor counties cricket for Denbighshire in 1930, but in 1931 returned for his final fling at first-class level, appearing three times without conspicuous success for Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="18386641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386641" title="2000 Oregon Ducks football team">
2000 Oregon Ducks football team

Game notes.
Arizona State.
Oregon played at Arizona State in the 2000 college football season. Oregon trailed 49-35 in the final four minutes. The Ducks scored a touchdown to make it a one possession game, but then were unable to score after getting the ball back late in the game. With possession and time on its side, Arizona State needed just a single first down to run out the clock and win the game. But as Arizona State freshman running back Mike Williams was crossing the first down marker, he fumbled the ball and Oregon was able to recover it at the 17-yard line, giving the Ducks one last chance. Joey Harrington then hit Justin Peelle with a touchdown pass to tie the game with 27 seconds left. After neither team was able to score in the first overtime period, Oregon scored on a one-yard run by Allan Amundson and the extra point by Josh Frankel put them up by seven points in the second overtime. Freshman Jeff Krohn then threw his fifth touchdown pass on Arizona State's next possession, finding Richard Williams from 21 yards out and bringing the Sun Devils within a PAT of forcing a 3rd overtime. After an Oregon touchdown, and instead of kicking the extra point after scoring, Arizona State faked the kick and had quarterback Jeff Krohn roll out to his right, throwing a pass toward tight end Todd Heap in the back of the end zone. The pass tipped off Heap's extended hand and fell incomplete, giving Oregon a 56-55 double overtime victory.
Washington State.
Defensive tackle Jed Boice blocked Anousith Wilaikul's 39-yard field goal attempt in overtime to win the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18386647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386647" title="ISSE">
ISSE

Isse or Issé can refer to:
ISSE may also refer to:
People with the surname.
Hirsi Magan Isse, scholar and one of the leading figures of the Somalian Revolution

</doc>
<doc id="18386654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386654" title="Scapular fracture">
Scapular fracture

A scapular fracture is a fracture of the scapula, the shoulder blade. The scapula is sturdy and located in a protected place, so it rarely breaks. When it does, it is an indication that the individual was subjected to a considerable amount of force and that severe chest trauma may be present. High-speed vehicle accidents are the most common cause. This could be anywhere from a car accident, motorcycle crash, or high speed bicycle crash but falls and blows to the area can also be responsible for the injury. Signs and symptoms are similar to those of other fractures: they include pain, tenderness, and reduced motion of the affected area although symptoms can take a couple of days to appear. Imaging techniques such as X-ray are used to diagnose scapular fracture, but the injury may not be noticed in part because it is so frequently accompanied by other, severe injuries that demand attention. The injuries that usually accompany scapular fracture generally have the greatest impact on the patient's outcome. However, the injury can also occur by itself; when it does, it does not present a significant threat to life. Treatment involves pain control and immobilizing the affected area, and, later, physical therapy.
Signs and symptoms.
As with other types of fractures, scapular fracture may be associated with pain localized to the area of the fracture, tenderness, swelling, and crepitus (the crunching sound of bone ends grinding together). Since scapular fractures impair the motion of the shoulder, a person with a scapular fracture has a reduced ability to move the shoulder joint. Signs and symptoms may be masked by other injuries that accompany the scapular fracture.
Anatomy.
The scapula has a body, neck, and spine; any of these may be fractured. The most commonly injured areas are the scapular body, spine, neck, and glenoid rim; the scapular body or neck is injured in about 80% of cases. Fractures that occur in the body may be vertical, horizontal, or comminuted (involving multiple fragments). Those that occur in the neck are usually parallel to the glenoid fossa. When they occur in the glenoid fossa, fractures are usually small chips out of the bone or extensions of fractures occurring in the scapular neck.
The scapula is protected from the front by the ribcage and chest, and from the back it is protected by a thick layer of muscles. Also, the scapula is able to move, so traumatic forces exerted on it are dissipated, not absorbed by the bone. Thus a large amount of force is required to fracture it.
Causes.
Usually, it takes a large amount of energy to fracture the scapula; the force may be indirect but is more often direct. The scapula is fractured as the result of significant blunt trauma, as occurs in vehicle collisions. About three quarters of cases are caused by high-speed car and motorcycle collisions. Falls and blows to the shoulder area can also cause the injury. Crushing injuries (as may occur in railroad or forestry accidents) and sports injuries (as may occur in horseback riding, mountain biking, bmxing or skiing) can also fracture the scapula. Scapular fracture can result from electrical shocks and from seizures: muscles pulling in different directions contract powerfully at the same time. In cardiopulmonary resuscitation, the chest is compressed significantly; scapular fracture may occur as a complication of this technique.
Diagnosis.
Most fractures of the scapula can be seen on a chest X-ray; however, they may be missed during examination of the film. Serious associated injuries may distract from the scapular injury, and diagnosis is often delayed. Computed tomography may also be used. Scapular fractures can be detected in the standard chest and shoulder radiographs that are given to patients who have suffered significant physical trauma, but much of the scapula is hidden by the ribs on standard chest X-rays. Therefore, if scapular injury is suspected, more specific images of the scapular area can be taken.
Treatment.
Treatment involves pain medication and immobilization at first; later, physical therapy is used. Ice over the affected area may increase comfort. Movement exercises are begun within at least a week of the injury; with these, fractures with little or no displacement heal without problems. Over 90% of scapular fractures are not significantly displaced; therefore, most of these fractures are best managed without surgery. Fractures of the scapular body with displacement may heal with malunion, but even this may not interfere with movement of the affected shoulder. However, displaced fractures in the scapular processes or in the glenoid do interfere with movement in the affected shoulder if they are not realigned properly. Therefore, while most scapular fractures are managed without surgery, surgical reduction is required for fractures in the neck or glenoid; otherwise motion of the shoulder may be impaired.
Epidemiology.
Scapular fracture is present in about 1% of cases of blunt trauma and 3–5% of shoulder injuries. An estimated 0.4–1% of bone fractures are scapular fractures.
The injury is associated with other injuries 80–90% of the time. Scapular fracture is associated with pulmonary contusion more than 50% of the time. Thus when the scapula is fractured, other injuries such as abdominal and chest trauma are automatically suspected. People with scapular fractures often also have injuries of the ribs, lung, and shoulder. Pneumothorax (an accumulation of air in the space outside the lung), clavicle fractures, and injuries to the blood vessels are among the most commonly associated injuries. The forces involved in scapular fracture can also cause tracheobronchial rupture, a tear in the airways. Fractures that occur in the scapular body are the type most likely to be accompanied by other injuries; other bony and soft tissue injuries accompany these fractures 80–95% of the time. Associated injuries can be serious and potentially deadly, and usually it is the associated injuries, rather than the scapular fracture, that have the greatest effect on the outcome. Scapular fractures can also occur by themselves; when they do, the death rate (mortality) is not significantly increased.
The mean age of people affected is 35–45 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18386658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386658" title="1998 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships">
1998 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships

The 1998 Adelaide International was an ATP tournament held in Adelaide, Australia. The tournament was held from 5 to 12 January. Lleyton Hewitt won his first title of the year and the 1st of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18386682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386682" title="Wilfrid Westall">
Wilfrid Westall

Wilfrid Arthur Edmund Westall (20 November 1900 - 22 February 1982) was an English Anglican suffragan bishop in the 20th century. He served as Archdeacon of Exeter and as Bishop of Crediton.
Early life.
Westall was born on 20 November 1900 into a clerical family. His father was the Revd A. St Leger Westal. He was a great-grandson of the artist William Westall ARA (1781–1850). He was educated at Merchant Taylors' School, an all-boys public school in the City of London. He went on to study theology at St Chad's College, Durham University, graduating with a distinction.
Career.
Westall was ordained into the Church of England in 1925. He was a curate in Birmingham and at the Church of the Good Shepherd, Brighton. In 1930, he was appointed vicar of St Wilfrid's Church, Brighton. He further served as a Vicar at Hawnby and Shaldon. He was appointed Archdeacon of Exeter in 1951, and a canon residentiary of Exeter Cathedral. Late in his life he wrote "The Life of the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter in Exeter". On 18 October 1954, he was consecrated into the episcopate as Bishop of Crediton. In 1958, he resigned as archdeacon and canon of Exeter to concentrate on his duties as Bishop. He retired on 29 June 1974.
For many years, he frequently appeared on the panel of the radio programme "Any Questions?". He was keenly interested in railways and the nickname of "God's Wonderful Railway" for the Great Western Railway has been attributed to him.
Later life.
He died on 22 February 1982, at the age of 81. A memorial service was held at Exeter Cathedral on 3 April 1982.
Personal life.
In 1927, Westall married Ruth Evans. Together they had four children; a son and three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18386707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386707" title="WGOH">
WGOH

WGOH (1370 AM and 100.9 FM and 99.7 WUGO-FM) is a radio station licensed to Grayson, Kentucky. WGOH-AM FM broadcasts a Country Gold and Bluegrass format while WUGO-FM broadcasts an Adult Contemporary format. The station serves the Northeast Kentucky area and is currently owned by Carter County Broadcasting Co., Inc. All stations features programing from CBS Radio and the Kentucky News Network as well as broadcast football and basketball games from both East Carter and West Carter High Schools. WUGO also broadcast University of Kentucky football and men's basketball games as well as MLB's Cincinnati Reds games while WGOH serves as the flagship station for Kentucky Christian University athletics. The station has won four National Crystal Radio Awards for community service..

</doc>
<doc id="18386733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386733" title="1999–2000 Bundesliga (women)">
1999–2000 Bundesliga (women)

The Bundesliga (women) 1999–2000 was the 10th season of the Bundesliga (women), Germany's premier football league. It began on 29 August 1999 and ended on 21 May 2000.
Final standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18386745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386745" title="WGRK (AM)">
WGRK (AM)

WGRK (1540 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Greensburg, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Green County Cbc, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio and Jones Radio Network.
History.
The station went on the air as WAKY on 1988-04-14. on 2007-05-11, the station changed its call sign to the current WGRK.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18386747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386747" title="Noel Drumgoole">
Noel Drumgoole

Noel Drumgoole (1931–1995) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club St. Vincent's and with the Dublin senior inter-county team in the 1950s and 1960s. He later served as manager of the Limerick senior inter-county team on two occasions in the 1970s and 1980s. Drumgoole is regarded as one of the greatest players never to have won an All-Ireland medal.
Noel is the last player to have captained a Dublin side to a Leinster title and in 1984, he was named on the Centenary Team of players who hadn’t won All-Ireland honours.
In 1968, Noel founded the Na Piarsaigh GAA Club on the north side of Limerick city. In 2011 Na Piarsaigh won their first County Senior Championship beating Ahane on a scoreline of 2-18 to 0-13. The club then went on to beat Crusheen of Clare in the Munster Club Final in Semple Stadium.
Playing career.
Inter-county.
In 1961, Noel captained Dublin when they won the Leinster Championship, beating Wexford 7-5 to 4-8 in the final. He led Dublin all the way to the All-Ireland Final but they were narrowly beaten 0-16 to 1-12 by a marvellous Tipperary team.
Inter-provincial.
Noel won three Railway Cup medals with Leinster in 1956, 1962 and 1964. He captained the 1962 team to success.

</doc>
<doc id="18386761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386761" title="WGRK-FM">
WGRK-FM

WGRK-FM (105.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Greensburg, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Green County Cbc, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio and Jones Radio Network.
History.
The station went on the air as WGRK on 1978-03-28. on 1979-06-01, the station changed its call sign to the current WGRK.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18386769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386769" title="Myrna Hague">
Myrna Hague

Myrna Hague, known as "Jamaica's First Lady of Jazz", is a Jamaican lovers rock and jazz singer and actress, who recorded for Coxsone Dodd's Studio One.
Biography.
Hague's career began in the mid-1960s. She performed at jazz venues in London and recorded for Studio One, notably the "Melody Life" album. "Melody Life" included some of her most popular singles, including the title track, "How Could I Live", and "First Cut Is The Deepest".
Hague is a member of the board of the Jamaica Cultural Development Commission (JCDC), and a former tutor at the Jamaica School of Music. She won the Caribbean Broadcasting Union Song Festival in 1990, and has won the Jamaica Music Industry Award for jazz several times as well as the Jamaica Federation of Musicians Award and Special Merit Award in 1993. She is often referred to as "Jamaica's First Lady of Jazz".
Hague founded the Ocho Rios Jazz Festival with her husband, jazz musician Sonny Bradshaw, and continues to organize the festival.
In 2004, Hague was diagnosed with breast cancer, but after a long course of treatment made a full recovery.
She has toured internationally, recently as guest vocalist with Jazz Jamaica, and as part of Women In Jazz and the Jamaica Big Band.
In November 2012 she received a Caribbean Hall of Fame Award from the Caribbean Development for the Arts, Sports and Culture Foundation.
Since 2011 she has held the annual 'Simply Myrna' concert series, and recordings from the first two years of the concerts were released in December 2012 on the album "The Best of Simply Myrna Concerts Live".

</doc>
<doc id="18386772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386772" title="Confessions of a Blues Singer">
Confessions of a Blues Singer

Confessions of a Blues Singer is a blues album by Rory Block. It was released 6 October 1998 through Rounder Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18386777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386777" title="Technoromanticism">
Technoromanticism

Stéphan Barron was the first to develop the concept of Technoromanticism between 1991 and 1996 for his doctoral thesis at the University Paris VIII. The main theme of his research is what he calls “Technoromantisme/Technoromanticism”, a neologism which he created and which has been adopted by other English-speaking researchers. Technoromantism is the theory of links between art and new technologies, within the context of the threats posed to Nature by technoscience and economic development. Technoromanticism also seeks to analyse the return of the human body within technological arts, formulating the hypothesis that a technological society needs a corporeal rebalancing of perceptions. Delayed for editorial reasons, his book "Technoromantisme" was published by l'Harmattan in 2003. Technoromanticism is a term used to indicate those aspects of contemporary culture that ascribe to advanced technologies the capacity to promote the power of the imagination, to restore the role of genius and to bring about a unity; in other words that revive and perpetuate the legacy of the eighteenth- and nineteenth-century artistic and philosophical movement known as Romanticism, but by technological means. The term was used in 1999 in a book that bore the title "Technoromanticism" outlining evidence of romanticism in many commentaries on digital technology at the time.
As such, technoromanticism attributes to technology the capacity to redeem humankind from its problems and bring about techno-utopias. According to this thesis, technoromanticism is idealistic, it also looks backwards, seeing in advanced technologies the opportunity to return to craft values, analogous to William Morris’ romance with Medieval guilds. It appeals to narratives of wholeness, against rationalism which is putatively reductive. Moves to invoke digital networks as a means of returning human society and the world to an organic whole could be regarded as technoromantic, as well as digital technology’s supposed religiously redemptive aspects.
Polemical character.
The term “technoromanticism” seems to draw resonances from its opposition to the concept of techno"rationalism", targeted by critical theorists such as Theodor W. Adorno and Herbert Marcuse. One motivation for describing certain aspects of digital culture as ‘’technoromantic’’ may be to signal that what many people claim about advanced networked computing is old fashioned and embedded in traditional ways of thinking, however innovative the technology. The term also buys into debates within the design methods movement about Rationalism and Romanticism, or in philosophy between objectivism and subjectivism, particularly as articulated by the philosopher Richard J. Bernstein. The term may also encourage critique of certain commentators who seem to claim they are adopting postmodern ways of thinking when in fact they may be referencing romanticism, or lapsing into what George Lakoff and Mark Johnson describe negatively as “armchair phenomenology.”
Criticism of the term.
Technoromanticism is therefore mainly a pejorative term for a naïve attitude to what digital technologies are and may accomplish. As such the label may misrepresent the profound aspects of the philosophical movement of Romanticism as advanced by Schlegel and Schelling, and on whom many radical twentieth century thinkers have drawn, particularly Martin Heidegger. There are those who deliberately label their activity as technoromantic, such as the artist Stéphan Barron, who has adopted the word in a positive way to categorise his art.
Oppositions to technoromanticism.
The most potent opposition to technoromanticism seems to come less from a return to rationalism than from arguments advanced from the positions of embodiment, situated cognition, Pragmatism, Phenomenology, and the strategies of Deconstruction as outlined in the context of digital computing by Winograd and Flores, Clark, Dreyfus and Coyne.

</doc>
<doc id="18386784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386784" title="1997 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships">
1997 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships

The 1997 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Memorial Drive Park in Adelaide in Australia and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from 30 December 1996 through 5 January 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18386787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386787" title="Lilium eupetes">
Lilium eupetes

Lilium eupetes is a recently discovered and described epiphytic species of lily from the north of Vietnam. It reproduces by seed and vegetatively via the production of bulbils. When the leaves die back they wither and curl into a circle. This eventually detaches from the stem, and acts as the functional equivalent of a samara, carrying the attached bulbil to a new site.
References.
Julian Shaw, Three New Crûg Farm Introductions, Plantsman 7(1): 39-43 (2008)

</doc>
<doc id="18386794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386794" title="Mike Cervenak">
Mike Cervenak

Michael Christopher Cervenak (born August 17, 1976 in Trenton, Michigan) is a professional baseball third baseman. Until his call-up in to the Phillies, Cervenak was a career minor leaguer, and the embodiment of a journeyman player, having spent time in three minor league organizations at several levels of play, overseas in the Korean Baseball League, and in an independent league. Having spent an extensive part of his career playing for the Norwich Navigators, residents of the area dubbed him the "Mayor of Norwich."
Personal.
Cervenak's mother is from a city in the former Czechoslovakia, which is now in Slovakia.
Playing career.
1998–2007: Independent baseball and the minor leagues.
While a college student, Cervenak played for the Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks in , an independent team, as a teammate of Aaron Heilman. He made an appearance in the annual Midnight Sun Game. After graduating from the University of Michigan, Cervenak was not drafted in . This led him to sign with the Chillicothe Paints of the Frontier League, where he played into the season.
Cervenak was signed out of the Frontier League by the New York Yankees organization, playing 38 games and batting .329 at Single-A Greensboro over the rest of the year. He spent all of and at Double-A Norwich, hitting 21 home runs and tallying 91 RBI in the last year of his Yankees career. He was selected by the San Francisco Giants in the Rule 5 Draft at the end of the 2002 season. Cervenak remained at Norwich for the and seasons, now a member of the Giants' farm system. He batted .270 with 20 home runs and 91 RBI in 2003 when he was named to the All-Star team, and he won the minor league triple crown in 2004. He led the Giants organization in batting average (.328), home runs (26), and RBIs (98) between Norwich and Triple-A Fresno. The Giants sent him to the Arizona Fall League to aid his development at the end of the season. He was named a post-season All-Star for the 2004 season.
Cervenak spent the entire season at Fresno, leading the league in RBIs with 103. He also batted .338 with runners in scoring position over the course of the 2005 season, had two 11-game hitting streaks in the year, and was named a mid-season All-Star. His overall batting average for the year was .312, and he led the team in games played at third base with 50, though he also played 75 games at first base. Cervenak led the team in games played, at-bats, hits and runs batted in; however, the Giants released him at the end of the season. Rather than returning to American affiliated baseball, Cervenak chose to sign with the Kia Tigers of the Korean Baseball League. He opened the season poorly, batting only .224. The Tigers released him, and Cervenak returned to Fresno, batting .413 over his first 12 games. Throughout the year, he managed to play all over the infield, playing first base, second base and third base, and as a designated hitter. Cervenak played for Norfolk, an Orioles affiliate, in , where he batted .283 in 140 games. He hit 15 home runs, batted in 78 runs, and had an OPS of .740. He led the team in RBIs and home runs, as well as games played (140), at-bats (554), runs scored (69), and hits (157).
2008–present: Major league career.
After the 2007 season, he signed with the Phillies and began the season at Triple-A Lehigh Valley, where he recorded a franchise-record 18-game hitting streak during the season. Cervenak was first called up to the major leagues on July 10, 2008, to replace J. A. Happ on the Phillies' roster, after spending 1,088 games in the minor leagues. Cervenak's role was to provide an extra bat off the bench, since the Phillies did not need their fifth starter over the All-Star break. He was batting .310 with 7 home runs and 52 RBIs at the time of his call-up. He made his major league debut pinch-hitting for J. C. Romero against the Arizona Diamondbacks, but was optioned back to Triple-A on July 21. He was recalled to take Pedro Feliz' place on the roster on July 29, after Feliz sat out three straight games with a back injury. His first major league hit came on August 6, a single to left field against the Florida Marlins, which also notched his first RBI, driving in third baseman Eric Bruntlett. After compiling a total of seven major league at-bats, Cervenak was optioned to the minors on August 16 to make room on the roster for Rudy Seánez. After being brought up on September 1 for roster expansion, Cervenak promptly raised his average to .250 with a pinch-hit single up the middle, his second major-league hit. The Phillies would win the World Series in 2008. Though Cervenak was not part of the postseason roster, he did travel with the team and was in uniform for all of the club's playoff games. In November 2009 Cervenak was released by the Phillies, and on December 18, 2009 he signed a minor league deal with the New York Mets. He signed a minor league contract with the Florida Marlins for the 2011 season. On June 3, 2013, Cervenak signed a minor league contract with the Detroit Tigers and was assigned to Triple-A Toledo.
2013 World Baseball Classic.
Cervenak played for the Czech Republic in the qualifying rounds of the 2013 World Baseball Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="18386807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386807" title="Canon de 105 court mle 1934 Schneider">
Canon de 105 court mle 1934 Schneider

The Canon de 105 court modèle 1934 Schneider was a French howitzer used in World War II. Captured weapons were used by the German Heer as the 10.5 cm leFH 324(f). It was a conservative design by Schneider et Cie. Production was slow with only 144 built by the beginning of the Battle of France. A more advanced 105 mm howitzer design, the Canon de 105 court mle 1935 B, was produced by the State Arsenal at Bourges, and was ordered in larger numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="18386815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386815" title="Echo Place">
Echo Place

Echo Place is a community in Brantford, Ontario. Incorporated in 1865 east of Brantford, it was built around "Springbrook Hotel". 
The 1891 census found a population of 30, including three businesses: A general store/post office, a nursery and an oatmeal mill.
In 1955 it was amalgamated into Brantford.

</doc>
<doc id="18386821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386821" title="L'Aziza">
L'Aziza

"L'Aziza" is the name of a 1985 song recorded by French singer Daniel Balavoine and released as a single from his album "Sauver l'amour" on November 1985. The song was very successful, particularly after the singer's death, topping the chart in France for two months.
Song information.
The song was entirely composed by Balavoine, and was produced by the famous composer Léo Missir. 
'L'Aziza' means 'My dear' in Arabic, although all the lyrics are sung in French. In this song, Balavoine paies a tribute to his Jewish Moroccan wife Corinne, and denounces racism. In France, "L'Aziza" became a standard song throughout the years. 
The song was remixed the same year of the album release and came out as a 7". It features on Balavoine's best of "Balavoine sans frontières", released about twenty years after the singer's death.
The music video was directed by Oliver Chavarot.
Cover versions.
"L'Aziza" was also recorded in 2000 by Khaled for the compilation album "Balavoine: Hommages..." on which various artists covered Balavoine's songs. The song was also covered in France by Star Academy 5 for its album "Chante Daniel Balavoine", on which it features as fifth track.
The B-side, "Tous les cris, les S.O.S.", was covered by many artists, including Jeanne Mas in 1987, Marie-Denise Pelletier, Lena Kann in 1998 (#14 in France) and Les Enfoirés in 2008.
Chart performances.
"L'Aziza" entered the French Singles Chart at #40 on November 23, 1985 and gained a few places every week, but when the singer's death was announced in the media, the single jumped straight to #1 and stayed there for eight consecutive weeks, with huge weekly sales. Thereafter, it dropped rather quickly and remained for 14 weeks in the top ten and for 26 weeks in the top 50.
Although it was not certified by the SNEP, the single sold more than 1 million copies and is to date the 70th best-selling single of all time in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18386830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386830" title="Hits (Tony! Toni! Toné! album)">
Hits (Tony! Toni! Toné! album)

Hits is a compilation album (fourth overall) by Tony! Toni! Toné!. It was released on October 28, 1997, for Mercury Records and was produced by Tony! Toni! Toné!, Foster & McElroy and Quik. "Hits" peaked at No. 54 on the Top R&B Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18386836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386836" title="Jaume Safont">
Jaume Safont

Jaume Safont (1420–1487), called Jacme ça Font in contemporary records, was a Catalan poet and notary. 
From March 1436 he worked as a scrivener for the municipal council of Barcelona, his birthplace, and from July 1440 he worked in the scriptorium of the Generalitat de Catalunya. In that capacity he wrote the "Dietari de la Generalitat" for the years between 1454 and 1472. The Dietari is a daily record of events political, military, and religious for the use of the Generalitat. Jaume compiled his information for the Diputació del General that covers the years between 1411 and 1478/84; his years are the most detailed and anecdotal. The "Dietari" was edited under the title "Dietari, o, Llibre de jornades de Jaume Safont" by Josep Maria Sans i Travé (Barcelona: Fundació Noguera, 1992). 
In 1462 Jaume was named procurator in charge of collecting the imposts known as the "generalitats". In politics he was a member of the faction known as the Biga and opposed the royal interests of Alfonso the Magnanimous. When the opponents of the Biga, the Busca, removed the Lieutenant of Catalonia, Galceran de Requesens, and took control of the Barcelonan government in 1456, instituting proctectionist reforms, Jaume records in his Dietari the tension that existed between the Biga-dominated Generalitat and the royally-supported Busca municipal council. During the Catalonian Civil War, he supported Charles, Prince of Viana, against John II. 

</doc>
<doc id="18386846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386846" title="John Denver filmography">
John Denver filmography

The following is John Denver's comprehensive filmography, listed from the newest to the oldest, organized in tiers in accordance with the dates or recording or airing (in the television category). The filmography does not include any appearances of Denver post-1997 (excluding music usage, and documentaries). 

</doc>
<doc id="18386864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386864" title="Bernie L. Wade">
Bernie L. Wade

Bernie L. Wade, born on June 29, 1963 in Lakewood, Ohio, is an American minister, entrepreneur, and author. He has served in a variety of roles, including Senior Pastor and Chief Operations Officer of the Christian Brotherhood (a 28,000 family parachurch ministry with multiple divisions). He also served as President of CWN (Christian World Network), and Vice-President of Spread the Spirit of Love. 
He is currently the Presiding Bishop of the International Circle of Faith (ICOF), a group of non-denominational, Oneness Pentecostal ministers, churches, and parachurch ministries. They were first organized in Cleveland, Ohio and are currently headquartered in Washington, D.C.
The International Circle of Faith traces its beginning to the Azusa Street movement or revival (circa 1906) through the Pentecostal Assemblies of Jesus Christ. Other aspects of his ministry include the ICOF Colleges and Seminaries - a network of Christian bible colleges, Christian Leadership Roundtable - a group of Christian leaders, and Children of Azusa Street - a network for persons who trace their church history to the Azusa Street movement.
Family history.
Wade has Sir William Wade (Waad), a member of Queen Elizabeth's I Privy Council, for his paternal ancestor (See also: Armagil Waad) and Scottish immigrants of the Clan Macpherson for his maternal ancestors. The Wades are an ancient Yorkshire family. The MacPhersons hail from Badenoch.
The Wade family served in various capacities to both King Henry VIII and Queen Elizabeth I The most famous Wade was Armagil Wade who historians call the "English Columbus". The Wades came to America before the American Revolution and settled in Virginia. They were shareholders in the Virginia Colony. Bernie Wade is a descendant of the Wade family of Virginia whose family offered such valiant sons of the American Revolution as Captain Edmond Wade who fell with his commander, General Montgomery, at the siege of Quebec.
Bernie Wade is the eldest of five children born to Bishop Sanford Wade and Georgia Gillespie-Wade. After high school Wade managed for Pepsico in their restaurant division while working on continuing his education. In 1985 he married Daisy R. Kotouch with whom he has two children, Bernie II and Rebecca.
Education.
Wade's educational accomplishments include PhDs from Evangelical Theological Seminary in Dallas, Texas, ICOF Colleges and Universities - Washington, D.C. and Global Evangelical Christian College in Montgomery, Alabama. Wade serves as Chancellor of the network of colleges and seminaries known as ICOF Colleges and Seminaries. Wade holds doctorates in theology, divinity, Christian education, non-profit management and pastoral counseling. He also serves as advisor to other Christian education institutions and organizations including serving as International advisor to Global Evangelical Accrediting Association. He serves as adjunct faculty and board member to Global Evangelical Christian College. Wade attended elementary school at Verda Brobst in Cleveland, Ohio. His middle school was Francis M. Grass in West St. Paul, Minnesota. He graduated from Bearden High School in Knoxville, Tennessee (1981).
Politics.
In recent years, Bernie L. Wade has been a guest at the White House (March 2004) under the Presidency of George W. Bush. "In late March, at a less publicized gathering, the National Security Council's Near East and North African Affairs director, Elliott Abrams, and other Bush administration officials met for two hours with members of The Apostolic Congress, a politically powerful group of Christian fundamentalists, to reassure them that the administration's support for Israel was unwavering." The Apostolic Congress is made up of the heads of oneness pentecostal (sometimes called Apostolic) organizations and their key leaders. Dr. Bernie L. Wade is considered one of these as the Presiding Bishop of the International Circle of Faith. Although the ICOF Statement of Faith makes no claim to be oneness. Also in the meeting were representatives of Bishop Norman Wagner (PAW), Reverend Kenneth Haney (UPCI) and others who led Apostolic organizations. Apostolic Coalition is a pro-Israel conservative messianic political action committee. 
Wade is also aligned with conservative evangelical groups such as the National Religious Broadcasters (NRB) His office would neither confirm or deny his participation in high level conversations between the White House and the NRB but the NRB admits that there were talks that included NRB members and key White House officials.
Endorsement.
The ICOF claims to be politically neutral and offers no endorsements. Other groups such as the Moral Majority and ACORN started out with similar ideology but quickly became aligned with a particular cause, side or movement. In recent years, promoters of the "Road map for peace" have sought the endorsement of the leadership of the ICOF. 
Wade's endorsement, or the endorsement of the ICOF, has been sought by other national candidates in the USA and abroad, including Hillary Clinton and Mike Huckabee for the 2008 Presidential primaries. The official policy of ICOF, who Wade represents, has been not to take political sides or to offer endorsements, but some officials of the ICOF, including Dr. Cindye Coates and Dr. Frank T. Bozeman (Bishop of Education) have openly endorsed candidates. Dr. Coates served on the Mike Huckabee campaign Republican and Dr. Bozeman endorsed his friend Hillary Clinton Democratic Party Presidential primaries. 
Also there is a concerted effort to encourage Republican Sarah Palin to seek the Presidential nomination.
Early ministry.
In 1982, Wade began fulfilling his call to the ministry as a youth minister for Apostolic Faith Church of God headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio. Wade first served at the Columbia Station location, then in St. Paul Minnesota and Cleveland Ohio. Apostolic Faith Church of God was founded in 1932 by Bishop Ray O. Cornell (founding Bishop of the PAJC). Wade served in a number of positions with the church including assistant pastor, principal of the church school and pastor.
Bishop.
International Circle of Faith (ICOF) is a 21st-century movement. This global, multiracial, multi-cultural, nondenominational fellowship has some 40,000 ministers. They also have a network of over 100 bible colleges, universities and seminaries under International Circle of Faith Colleges and Seminaries. Today ICOF has a presence in over 100 countries and key leadership in over 50 countries. He serves on a variety of other charitable and Christian organizations including the Victory foundation, Apostolic Congress, ICOF TV, Apostolic Archives, Apostolic Historians Association.
Apostle.
Wade is part of a growing group of leaders recognized by groups such as the ICA (International Coalition of Apostles) as emergent, Pentecostals and charismatics called Apostles. “An apostle is a Christian leader gifted, taught, and commissioned by God with the authority to establish the foundational government of the church within an assigned sphere of ministry by hearing what the Spirit is saying to the churches and by setting things in order accordingly for the extension of the kingdom of God." 
He was formerly the Senior Pastor of Barberton Rescue Mission's The Chapel on Taylor Road, and Senior Pastor of Church in the Warehouse ( Cleveland, Ohio ). He also served as Secretary and past President of Victory Foundation, Vice-President of Marketing for CBN (Christian Brotherhood Newsletter), COO of the Barberton Rescue Mission, CEO of Christian World Network (CWN), and Executive Vice President of Spread the Spirit of Love.

</doc>
<doc id="18386865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386865" title="WWTF">
WWTF

WWTF (1580 AM) (Groovin' 1580) is a radio station broadcasting an Urban Oldies format. Licensed to Georgetown, Kentucky, USA, WWTF serves the Lexington Metro Area. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications.
Groovin' 1580 is the Lexington affiliate of the Tom Joyner Morning Show.
History.
WGOR signed on the air in 1957 as a 250 watt daytime-only station. For many years, the station had the WAXU call sign. Sometime during the 1960s, WAXU flipped from Top 40 to country music. A sister station, WAXU-FM (103.1 FM), signed on the air in the fall of 1973, also with a country format.
The AM station dropped country and began airing airing Satellite Music Network's "Stardust" adult standards format and the WBBE by the end of 1982. In 1990, the station reverted to the WAXU call sign and SMN's "Real Country" format. 
On April 15, 1991, WAXU became WTKT, simulcasting the oldies format of its FM sister station. WTKT became WBBE again in September 1992, flipping back to WTKT (when the call sign was dropped by the FM) on November 10, 1995. For a few years, WTKT aired an urban contemporary format (as "The Beat"), until it moved to WBTF (107.9 FM) in 2000. WTKT flipped back to adult standards, first simulcasting co-owned WSAI in Cincinnati, Ohio, then as WSNE ("Sunny 1580") in early 2001. 
The station switched to sports talk and the WXRA call sign (as "Xtra Sports 1580") on October 30, 2002. In 2006, the station flipped to Spanish-language programming as "La Pantera 1580". The urban oldies format was launched in May 2008, with the "Groovin 1580" moniker and WGVN call letters following soon after. 
On October 29, 2012, the station flipped to all-comedy, using Clear Channel Radio's 24/7 Comedy Radio service. The call sign was concurrently changed to WWTF.

</doc>
<doc id="18386880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386880" title="WGWM">
WGWM

WGWM (980 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to London, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Wgwm Broadcasting, Inc..
History.
The station went on the air as WKPJ on 1986-02-05. on 1986-02-21, the station changed its call sign to WMAK, on 1996-06-24 to the current WGWM, 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18386887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386887" title="WHAY">
WHAY

WHAY (98.3 FM) is a radio station. Licensed to Whitley City, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Tim Lavender.
History.
The station went on the air as WHAY on 1989-11-29. on 1992-06-12, the station changed its call sign to DWHAY, on 1992-09-16 to the current WHAY, The station consist of many shows. Some of which include Swap-n-Shop, Eclectic Circus, Americana Masters, Country Turnpike, Grateful Dead Hour and many others! The station plays an eclectic mix from Americana to classic country, bluegrass, blues and rock music.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18386905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386905" title="The Lady and Mr. Johnson">
The Lady and Mr. Johnson

The Lady and Mr. Johnson is a blues album by Rory Block. It was released on 15 August 2006, through Rykodisc.

</doc>
<doc id="18386909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386909" title="WHBN">
WHBN

WHBN (1420 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Harrodsburg, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Hometown Broadcasting of Harrodsburg Inc and features programing from AP Radio and Jones Radio Network.WHBN features longtime on air personality Bob Martin from 6-8 AM seven days a week, and "The G-Man" James Garrett in the afternoons Monday through Friday.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18386911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386911" title="Brookdale Park">
Brookdale Park

Brookdale Park is a county park located in the towns of Montclair and Bloomfield. of the Park are in Montclair, are in Bloomfield. Brookdale Park is part of the Essex County park system. It is partially forested and partially lawns, with paths going through.
Overview.
On the outside of the roadway there are many paths through the wood of stately trees that is the western half of the park. This part of the park is mostly in Montclair. Many minor facilities and areas are in the Western half. On this side there is a road entrance, the Rose Garden, the Tennis Courts, and the Dog Park. In the south there is another car entrance. In the northwestern corner there is a smaller field and the Archery range.
History.
Land started to be purchased in 1928 and all the land, in total, were purchased by 1931. Frederick Law Olmsted Firm was chosen as the firm to design the park, and they completed most of the park by 1930 but the Great Depression slowed work down. It was finished in 1937. This firm is well known for designing much of the National Mall in Washington D.C. and Central Park in New York City.
Old timers recall the park being the site of the area's coal/wood ash dump. Off Grove Street and down what is now Chester Road., the dirt lane saw horse-drawn ash wagons carrying the discarded ashes and clinkers of coal burning furnaces collected from homes in the surrounding towns. As coal was replaced by oil and then gas as a heating fuel, the dump became part of the future Essex County park site.

</doc>
<doc id="18386938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386938" title="USS Idealia (SP-125)">
USS Idealia (SP-125)

USS "Idealia" (SP-125) was a motor yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was used as an armed patrol craft and patrolled the Delaware River from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Cape May, New Jersey, on the Delaware Bay. She was eventually reconfigured to her civilian condition by the Navy and returned to her owner.
Built in New Jersey.
"Idealia" (SP-125), a motor yacht built in 1911 by the Elco Company, Bayonne, New Jersey, was acquired by the Navy and simultaneously commissioned 25 May 1917, Ensign Charles Clegg, USNRF, in command.
World War I service.
"Idealia" was assigned to the 4th Naval District, based at Cape May, New Jersey, and operated as a harbor entrance patrol craft on the Delaware River and at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and in Delaware Bay.
Decommissioning.
She was returned to her owner, Ira D. Bertolet, Jr., of Philadelphia, 22 November 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="18386941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386941" title="Orlando Business Journal">
Orlando Business Journal

Orlando Business Journal is a newspaper in Orlando, Florida, United States covering general business news, major events in Florida and around the world, with sections on global news and local news, business news and political news, Florida cultural life and newspaper classified ads. It is part of the American City Business Journals chain owned by Advance Publications.
"Orlando Business Journal" Awards.
Every year, the "Orlando Business Journal" gives several awards in the Central Florida area:
Women Who Mean Business: This award recognizes businesswomen in Central Florida whose hard work and innovation have helped shaped their companies and communities.
Best Places to Work: This award recognizes the company's achievements in creating a positive work environment that attracts and retains employees through a combination of employee satisfaction, working conditions and company culture in Central Florida.
40 Under 40: Every year, the "Orlando Business Journal" selects 40 business individuals whose significant business accomplishments are supplemented by high-profile leadership positions in community projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18386943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386943" title="Lunt (disambiguation)">
Lunt (disambiguation)

Lunt may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18386944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386944" title="WHHT">
WHHT

WHHT (103.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Cave City, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Bowling Green area. The station is owned by Newberry Broadcasting, Inc. 
History.
The original station using the call letters WHHT signed on in 1988 at 106.7 FM, with the station logo "Hottest Hits". Studios were located on Happy Valley Road in Glasgow, Kentucky. The station played Top-40 contemporary music. Steve Newberry was General Manager and part owner of the original station, whose first air staff included Duke Ryan, Scott Jackson, Bobby Rambo, Jonathan "Tunes" Taylor, and Jim "The Captain" Kirk (later known as Scotty Matthews on sister station WKNK-FM.) WHHT was an immediate ratings success, allowing Newberry to expand his radio ownership holdings. He is now among the premier small-market radio station owners in the U.S., and is an active member of the board of the National Association of Broadcasters, having testified before the U.S. Congress on the issue of royalties and performance rights. A few years after its inception, WHHT's frequency was changed to 103.7, to facilitate a signal power increase. The call letters were later migrated to another station which had been acquired by Newberry Broadcasting.
The station currently holding the call letters of WHHT went on the air as WLMK on August 23, 1991. On April 26, 1993, the station changed its call sign to WXPC, on September 1, 1996 to WOVO, on October 23, 1998 to the current WHHT,
On October 22, 2012 the station moved from 106.5 FM to 106.3 FM (with a signal upgrade) and picked up the WOVO callsign and adult contemporary format while the WHHT callsign moved to 103.7 FM Cave City, KY.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18386972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386972" title="WHIR">
WHIR

WHIR (1230 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Danville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Hometown Broadcastng of Danville Inc.WHIR features The Charlie Perry Show which can be heard Monday through Friday from 6-9 am. Sean Hannity, Dave Ramsey, and other nationwide syndicated shows are also carried, along with area and local sporting events.

</doc>
<doc id="18386981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18386981" title="WHLN">
WHLN

WHLN (1410 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Harlan, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Radio Harlan, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio and AP Radio.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18387009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387009" title="Canon de 105 court mle 1935 B">
Canon de 105 court mle 1935 B

The Canon de 105 court modèle 1935 B was a French howitzer used in World War II. It was designed by the State Arsenal at Bourges to replace the Canon de 105 court mle 1934 Schneider. Some 610 were originally ordered, although production was terminated in 1939 in favor of anti-tank guns. Only some 232 were in service when the German attacked in May 1940. Captured weapons were used by the German Heer as the 10.5 cm leFH 325(f) and assigned to training and second-line occupation units.
Design.
Its most interesting feature was that the wheels, which were pressed steel with either solid rims or pneumatic tires, moved with the trail legs and "toed-in" when the gun was in action to provide more cover for the crew.

</doc>
<doc id="18387014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387014" title="WHOP-FM">
WHOP-FM

WHOP-FM (98.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Soft Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Hopkinsville, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Clarksville-Hopkinsville area. The station is currently owned by Forcht Broadcasting and features programing from ABC Radio, CBS Radio and Premiere Radio Networks.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18387030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387030" title="WHOP (AM)">
WHOP (AM)

WHOP (1230 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Hopkinsville, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Clarksville-Hopkinsville area. The station is currently owned by Forcht Broadcasting and features programing from ABC Radio, CBS Radio and Premiere Radio Networks.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18387038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387038" title="JMI Equity">
JMI Equity

JMI Equity is an American growth equity firm focused on investing in leading software, internet, business services and healthcare IT companies. JMI provides capital for growth, recapitalizations, acquisitions and buyouts. Founded in 1992, JMI has invested in more than 100 companies throughout North America and Canada and has approximately $2.1 billion of committed capital under management. JMI VII closed in November 2010 with $875 million of committed capital. JMI VI closed in July 2007 with $600 million of committed capital. Representative investments include, ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW), Intergraph, DoubleClick, Kronos, Eloqua (NASDAQ: ELOQ) and Undertone Networks.
JMI is based in Baltimore, Maryland, with additional offices in San Diego, California, and has 31 investment professionals. JMI is a member of the NVCA, MAVA and CVCA.
History.
In 1992, JMI was founded by Charles Noell and Harry Gruner with initial limited partner funding provided by John Moores, the founder and former Chairman and CEO of BMC Software. Prior to 1992, Noell and Gruner managed some of the largest and highest-profile information technology mergers, acquisitions and IPOs of the 1980s and early 1990s including Microsoft and Oracle while at Alex. Brown & Sons, Inc. While John Moores and JMI’s General Partners continue to be significant investors, JMI has expanded its investor base to include leading pension funds, financial institutions, endowments, family offices and other investors.
Portfolio.
The companies listed below represent both current and past investments. 

</doc>
<doc id="18387047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387047" title="List of Bollywood films of 1940">
List of Bollywood films of 1940

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1940:
Highest grossing.
The top five grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1940:

</doc>
<doc id="18387067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387067" title="Defense Sciences Office">
Defense Sciences Office

The Defense Sciences Office (DSO) is a division of DARPA, an agency of the United States Department of Defense responsible for the development of new technology for use by the military.

</doc>
<doc id="18387080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387080" title="Diocese of Christchurch">
Diocese of Christchurch

Diocese of Christchurch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18387084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387084" title="List of Bollywood films of 1941">
List of Bollywood films of 1941

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1941:
Highest grossing.
The top five grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1941:

</doc>
<doc id="18387096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387096" title="List of Bollywood films of 1942">
List of Bollywood films of 1942

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1942:
Highest grossing.
The top five grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1942:

</doc>
<doc id="18387111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387111" title="Humoral immune deficiency">
Humoral immune deficiency

Humoral immune deficiencies are conditions which cause impairment of humoral immunity, which can lead to immunodeficiency. It can be mediated by insufficient number or function of B cells, the plasma cells they differentiate into (with these two potentially being caused by B cell lymphocytopenia), or the antibody secreted by the plasma cells. 
They are associated with increased vulnerability to infection, but can be difficult to detect (or asymptomatic) in the absence of infection.
They can be associated with increased risk of gastric cancer.
Causes.
One way of classifying humoral immune deficiencies are into primary (or hereditary) versus secondary (or acquired) ones.
Primary.
The International Union of Immunological Societies classifies primary immune deficiencies of the humoral system (here termed "Predominantly antibody deficiencies") as follows:
Secondary.
Secondary (or acquired) forms of humoral immune deficiency are mainly:
Presentation and complications.
The signs and symptoms of humoral immune deficiency depend on the cause, but generally include signs of hypogammaglobulinemia (decrease of one or more types of antibodies) with presentations including repeated mild respiratory infections, and/or agammaglobulinemia (lack of all or most antibody production) which results in frequent severe infections and is often fatal.

</doc>
<doc id="18387113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387113" title="List of Bollywood films of 1943">
List of Bollywood films of 1943

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1943:
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian box office in 1943:

</doc>
<doc id="18387125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387125" title="1994 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships">
1994 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships

The 1994 Adelaide International is an ATP tournament held in Adelaide, Australia. The tournament was held from 3 to 10 January.
Yevgeny Kafelnikov won his 1st title of the year, and the 16th of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18387131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387131" title="List of Bollywood films of 1944">
List of Bollywood films of 1944

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1944:
Highest grossing.
The top seven grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1944:

</doc>
<doc id="18387146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387146" title="List of Bollywood films of 1945">
List of Bollywood films of 1945

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1945:
Highest grossing.
The top seven grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1945:

</doc>
<doc id="18387159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387159" title="Yahoo! Search BOSS">
Yahoo! Search BOSS

Yahoo Search BOSS (Build your Own Search Service) is a Yahoo! Developer Network initiative to provide an open search web services platform.
In 2012, Yahoo expanded their Yahoo Search BOSS platform to provide additional services such as BOSS Hosted Search to enable any website owner to embed Yahoo web search experience for free on their site.
BOSS API.
The main goal and idea of BOSS is to give users, in this case developers, access to the Yahoo Search index for a small fee. The results can be supplied into the developer's website or program so that they can manipulate the resources according to their product's requirements. BOSS allows the results to be returned in XML, JSON, HTML, text and also allows the comprehensive search feature allowed in Yahoo like pulling the results by pages, searching inside PDF, etc. The ranking of the websites for a search term is the same as the Yahoo Search ranking since both of these are pulling from the same index and ranking.
One of BOSS's key differentiators was the free use of BOSS as a white label, no ads required service. By using Yahoo's search engine, which has had millions in R&D invested in it in the years since Yahoo boomed in the 1990s, web developers are able to get much higher quality results than if they built their own search engine. On Aug 17th, 2010 Yahoo stated that BOSS would require some sort of ad or fee-based model to sustain itself.
BOSS Hosted Search.
BOSS Hosted Search is a completely self serve product that enables any web site owner to embed Yahoo web search experience on their site for free. The search experience is hosted by Yahoo and provided in an iframe which can be embedded on any web site. The search experience is very similar to how search.yahoo.com experience looks like and in addition to 10 blue links includes richer modules including images, thumbnails, news results as part of the iframe itself. The product is provided for free and web site owners get a percentage of the ad revenue share if any user clicks on an search ad within the frame. Web site owners can also customize the iframe including adding their own partner logo next to the search box, removing left rail as well as removing the Yahoo search box altogether (and using their own). For implementing BOSS Hosted Search iframe, web site owners need to simply sign up at Yahoo Search BOSS Portal and copy/paste a Javascript code snippet on their site. Yahoo recently also launched reporting module to provide web site owners with more insights on how many searches were conducted through BOSS Hosted Search and the revenue which they have generated.
Usage.
According to Yahoo press meeting, there are 30 million queries a day being run through BOSS powered web search pages.

</doc>
<doc id="18387172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387172" title="Mirpur Development Authority">
Mirpur Development Authority

Mirpur Development Authority located in sector F/2, is a public benefit corporation responsible for providing municipal services in Mirpur city, Azad Jammu & Kashmir's largest city. MDA was established through MDA ordinance in 1974. The authority is the successor of the Allotment Of The Land Committee which was created in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18387174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387174" title="List of Bollywood films of 1946">
List of Bollywood films of 1946

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1946:
Highest grossing.
The top five grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1946:

</doc>
<doc id="18387191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387191" title="List of Bollywood films of 1947">
List of Bollywood films of 1947

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1947:
Highest grossing.
The top six grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1947:

</doc>
<doc id="18387201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387201" title="Ghost slug">
Ghost slug

The ghost slug, Selenochlamys ysbryda, is a species of predatory air-breathing land slug. It is a shell-less pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Trigonochlamydidae. 
The species was discovered in 2006 in Cardiff, Glamorgan, Wales and was formally described and named in 2008 by Ben Rowson, a research assistant and PhD candidate at the National Museum Wales "(Amgueddfa Cymru)", and Bill Symondson, an ecologist at Cardiff University.
In 2012 a single specimen of "Selenochlamys" cf. "ysbryda" was rediscovered in a collection made in 1989 from a natural mountain forest in the Crimea in the Ukraine. Probably the Crimean mountains are within the native range of this species.
Description and ecology.
This slug can reach 6.4 cm (2.52 in) in size, with its body extended. It has no eyes, and is white in colour. It is nocturnal and burrowing, and unlike the majority of slugs, it is a carnivore, feeding on earthworms at night using its blade-like teeth. Both the mantle and the breathing hole are found at the tail end of the body. The species was unknown to science prior to 2006.
Because of the slug's white colour and nocturnal habits, and because it has been so rarely seen, it was given the species name "ysbryda", the word ""ysbryd"" meaning ghost in the Welsh language. This in turn gave rise to the common name, "ghost slug". This appears to be the first case of a species name having been taken from the Welsh language.
Distribution.
Other slug species in this family are found in Turkey and Georgia, but no representatives have been found and described in Western Europe prior to this discovery. Although the species is almost certainly introduced, its country of origin and how it made its way into Britain was unknown at the time of its original description. Bill Symondson speculated that the slug originally evolved in cave systems alien to the UK, and may possibly have arrived in Wales in soil in a potted plant.
The first specimen was collected in the churchyard of Brecon cathedral on 29 December 2004, but its significance was overlooked at the time. A second specimen was found in a lane in Caerphilly on 29 October 2006. This single specimen was photographed and then released. A year later, another slug was found by a gardener near Cardiff, Wales, where it was brought to the attention of the National Museum Wales. Additional ghost slugs have been found in Gorseinon, near Swansea, Wales, Hay-on-Wye (Welsh Borders), and Knowle, near Bristol, England.
The slug is not harmful to humans, but as a presumed introduced species, more records from Britain are being solicited, partly on the basis of an appeal to the public. As more information is gathered, the distribution of the species will be monitored to check that it does not become an invasive pest species as it presumably spreads across South Wales.
In 2012, a specimen of what is probably the same species, "Selenochlamys" cf. "ysbryda", was rediscovered in the Crimean mountains in Ukraine. A single immature specimen had been collected in a natural mountain forest in 1989. This is the first record of Trigonochlamydidae in Crimea. This Crimean specimen differs from "Selenochlamys pallida" in the same way as does "S. ysbryda", so it most likely belongs to the latter species. This slug could be a native to the Crimean Mountains and perhaps endemic there.
"Selenochlamys ysbryda" was selected as one of ""The Top 10 New Species"" described in 2008 by The International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University and an international committee of taxonomists.
Etymology.
The specific epithet "ysbryda", is derived from Welsh "ysbryd", meaning a ghost or spirit. The word was Latinized by the addition of a feminine ending "a", and is to be treated as a noun in apposition. The name alludes to the species’ ghostly appearance, nocturnal, predatory behaviour and the element of mystery surrounding its origin.

</doc>
<doc id="18387205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387205" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Algeria)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Algeria)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (, ) is the Algerian government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Algeria. Its head office is in El Mouradia, Algiers Province.
External links.
Algerian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, official website

</doc>
<doc id="18387212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387212" title="10 Years in Rage">
10 Years in Rage

10 Years in Rage: The Anniversary Album is the eighth full-length album released by the German speed metal band Rage in 1994. It contains new material and previously unreleased tracks from the band's long career, as well the re-recording of "Prayers of Steel", from Avenger's first album and a medley of Rage's fan favourite tunes. The album features guest appearances from all the musicians that had played in Rage. The album was remastered by Noise/Sanctuary in 2002 with five bonus tracks. 

</doc>
<doc id="18387213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387213" title="List of Bollywood films of 1948">
List of Bollywood films of 1948

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1948:
Highest grossing.
The top seven grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1948:

</doc>
<doc id="18387216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387216" title="List of Northern Ireland cricket clubs">
List of Northern Ireland cricket clubs

Northern Ireland cricket clubs, by county, are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18387218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387218" title="The Concorde Club">
The Concorde Club

The Concorde Club was launched in 1957 in Southampton by jazz aficionado Cole Mathieson, and is the oldest jazz club under the same management in the United Kingdom and possibly the world. Its standing in the UK jazz world has been recognised by the August 2009 award of the inaugural (Kind of) Blue Plaque, following a nationwide vote among jazz followers and musicians organised by the Brecon Jazz Festival. [http://www.breconjazz.org/kindofblue.html] The award, celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Miles Davis classic album "Kind of Blue", is to honour the jazz establishment considered to have done most for the development of jazz in the United Kingdom. On August 8 2012, the club celebrated its 55th anniversary with a concert featuring the Alan Barnes All Stars during which Barnes presented an illustrated history of the Concorde. He told the capacity crowd: "There are very few businesses, let alone a jazz club, run by the same person for 55 years. Cole has done more than most to promote jazz." 
Mathieson, a former jazz drummer, started the Concorde in a converted restaurant at the back of the Bassett Hotel pub in Southampton in 1957, two years before Ronnie Scott launched his club in London. Among the major jazz musicians who played at the Concorde Club in the Bassett were American masters Coleman Hawkins, Ben Webster, Buck Clayton, Bud Freeman, Wild Bill Davison, and home-grown giants of the genre including Nat Gonella, Vic Ash, Tommy Whittle, Tubby Hayes, Joe Harriott, Kenny Baker, Tony Coe, Allan Ganley, plus the bands of Humphrey Lyttelton, Chris Barber, Acker Bilk, Kenny Ball and Alex Welsh.
The Concorde widened its tastes to take in rhythm and blues, called "a cousin of jazz" by Mathieson. The resident band in 1962 was the then unknown Manfred Mann, and other little-known artistes who made early appearances at the club included Eric Clapton, Robert Plant, Georgie Fame, Rod Stewart, Ginger Baker and Elton John when he was still known as Reg Dwight.
In 1970 the Concorde had to find a new home when the Bassett Hotel was turned into a steak house. Mathieson moved the club to a run-down Victorian-age schoolhouse in North Stoneham, near Eastleigh, Hampshire. During the following 30-plus years Mathieson slowly developed the Concorde into an all-round entertainment centre. The old schoolhouse has been enlarged to take in a restaurant, a wine bar (the Moldy Fig), a 300-seat concert venue and a 35-room hotel called the Ellington Lodge, with each room named after a jazzman who has featured at the club.
The club has a 4,500 membership, and a waiting list of hundreds. It now features tribute band nights, a wine society, corporate dinners and presentations, supper and dinner clubs, but jazz remains at the heart of the Concorde. A list of the jazz artistes regularly appearing there reads like a Who's Who of post-war jazz, including Sir John Dankworth, Dame Cleo Laine, Don Lusher, George Chisholm, Roy Budd, Digby Fairweather, Alan Barnes, Simon Spillett, Jamie Cullum and overseas stars of the calibre of Stephane Grapelli, Sonny Stitt, Ruby Braff, Barney Kessell, Maynard Ferguson, Scott Hamilton and Bud Shank. The Concorde has become a popular venue for a parade of leading female jazz singers including Clare Teal, Stacey Kent, Jacqui Dankworth and Rosemary Squires. The late Marion Montgomery was a regular singer at the Concorde, accompanied by her pianist husband Laurie Holloway who often returns to the club with his trio.
Cole Mathieson published his memoirs in the spring of 2008: "The Concorde Club, the First 50 Years" [http://www.concordebook.co.uk] It has an introduction by Humphrey Lyttelton, who 'left the building' the day the book was due to go to press. Humph, who made his last appearance at the Concorde Club on 9 April 2008, signed off his introduction with his autograph accompanied by a caricature of himself. It was the last cartoon that Humph drew, and he agreed that it could be auctioned for charity, not realizing the full significance of it. His final cartoon raised £1,300 for the Wessex Cancer Trust. 
The Concorde [http://www.theconcordeclub.com] remains a family-run business with Cole at the helm, aided by his wife, Pauline and his son Jamie. Cole has been made an Eastleigh Citizen of Honour for his services to local charities. The club has raised more than £100,000 for various charities from regular fund-raising events at the Club including an annual pantomime season staged each year close to Easter! Mathieson serves on both the BBC and the British Jazz Awards committees.

</doc>
<doc id="18387227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387227" title="Jon Haber">
Jon Haber

Jon Haber is an American writer and political activist who has written internationally on the subject of divest-from-Israel campaigns and their impact on civil institutions such as municipalities, religious institutions and schools. 
Haber is the creator of the Web site Somerville Middle East Justice, which chronicled the three-year battle against municipal divestment in Somerville, Massachusetts 
He also worked with Presbyterian anti-divestment activist Will Spotts on the Web site Bearing Witness (now defunct) which contributed to the successful 2006 campaign to see the Presbyterian Church PCUSA overturn its 2004 decision to begin a "phased, selective" program in corporations that do business in Israel. He is also the creator of the Web site DivestThis!, which chronicles the ongoing failures of the BDS movement, and an online guide of the same name.
A recurring theme in the author's work is what he refers to as the "corrupting impact" of divestment programs on the organizations that embrace them. He dubs this phenomenon "The Vampire's Kiss", an allusion to the legend that vampires (which he likens to the destructive force of divestment programs on civic institutions) can only enter one's house if invited.
In addition to providing commentary on divestment campaigns to various publications,

</doc>
<doc id="18387230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387230" title="Merhavia">
Merhavia

Merhavia () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18387231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387231" title="List of Bollywood films of 1949">
List of Bollywood films of 1949

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1949:
Highest grossing.
The top eight grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1949:

</doc>
<doc id="18387238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387238" title="Izhevsk Electromechanical Plant">
Izhevsk Electromechanical Plant

JSC Izhevsk Electromechanical Plant or IEMZ Kupol for short () is a Soviet/Russian military R&D enterprise founded in 1957. It is located in Izhevsk (3 Pesochnaya str).
It is part of the Almaz-Antey holding.
Production:

</doc>
<doc id="18387250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387250" title="Ricky Dennis">
Ricky Dennis

Ricky Dennis is the founder of Arena Racing USA and the son of former NASCAR driver Bill Dennis.
Early life and career.
Born and raised in the Short Pump area of Richmond, Virginia is the son of Bill Dennis. His father won the 1970 Rookie of the Year title in what is now known as the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. Bill also won the season opening Late Model Sportsman Series – now NASCAR Nationwide Series – race at Daytona (Fla.) three straight years, from 1972 to 1974.
Ricky followed his father into racing in 1982. After a few years of driving, Dennis partnered with Rick Townsend to form Townsend Racing Products in 1984.
While watching a minor league hockey game in 1992, Dennis came up with the idea of arena racing. In November 2002, Ricky founded Arena Racing USA, which is now operating in Richmond, Va.
Personal life.
Dennis and his wife, Jenna, have two children, and currently reside in the Richmond, Virginia area.

</doc>
<doc id="18387258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387258" title="Rinar Valeyev">
Rinar Valeyev

Rinar Salavatovych Valeyev (born 22 August 1987, Odessa, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently playing for Chornomorets Odessa, a club in the Ukrainian First League. He is under contract with Chornomorets, for whom he played over the span of two seasons, including time in their reserves team. He joined Chornomorets during the winter transfer window, in January 2007, on a three-year contract. His debut for Stal Alchevsk came on 23 August 2008 in a 3–1 defeat of FC Knyazha Schaslyve. His older brother, Ruslan Valeyev is also a football player, who played for Chornomorets during the 2007–08 season together with Rinar.

</doc>
<doc id="18387262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387262" title="La fi del comte d'Urgell">
La fi del comte d'Urgell

"La fi del comte d'Urgell or Scriptura privada" is an anonymous Catalan political tract written during the Catalonian Civil War (1462–72) by an enemy of king John II. Largely composed of personal stories, including that of the death of James II of Urgell, whose right to the throne is championed. The decadence of the great noble families who supported Ferdinand of Antequera in the Compromise of Caspe is portrayed as a divine curse on them. The earliest known manuscript of "La fi" dates from 1598 and its editor, Xavier de Salas Bosch (1931), considers it a sixteenth-century work, though most commentators prefer a fifteenth-century provenance, some suggesting as early as 1410–33.

</doc>
<doc id="18387267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387267" title="Flindersia brayleyana">
Flindersia brayleyana

Flindersia brayleyana or Queensland maple is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is found in northern Queensland in Australia. The tree is generally protected since the main areas in which this tree occurs have received World Heritage listing.
Although the tree is known as Queensland maple, the family Rutaceae is commonly known as the Rue or Citrus family, and the Queensland maple is more closely related to orange trees than to maple trees.
Uses.
Queensland Maple has been used in acoustic guitars made by the Australian companies Maton and Cole Clark for many years. It is used for backs, sides and particularly for necks. It is very similar to mahogany.

</doc>
<doc id="18387270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387270" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Armenia)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Armenia)

The The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Armenia is a state body of executive power, which under the general leadership of the President of the Republic of Armenia elaborates and implements the RA policy in the area of foreign affairs, organizes and manages diplomatic service within the framework of its authority.
The MFA acts according to the RA Constitution, legislation, decrees, regulations, as well as foreign policy guidelines of the President. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs coordinates the activities of the executive power bodies of the Republic in international arena.
Mission.
The activities of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs are aimed at
The establishment of stability, cooperation, security and peace in the region is one of the priorities of RA foreign policy. Armenia spares no efforts for the formation of stable and secure South Caucasus.
History.
n 1918, in parallel with the restoration of the statehood, Armenia gained international recognition and established diplomatic ties. Armenia established diplomatic relations with Germany, Austria-Hungary, Bulgaria, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Turkey, Iran and other countries. Plenipotentiary representatives (consuls) were appointed to the USA, Bulgaria, Finland, Switzerland, Japan and other countries, Georgia, Azerbaijan and Iran opened diplomatic representations in Yerevan.
Foreign ministers of the First Republic of Armenia were Alexander Khatisian (1918, 1919-1920) Hovhannes Kajaznuni (in 1918, concurrently with the position of acting prime minister), Sirekan Tigranian (1918-1919), Hamo Ohanjanian (1920, concurrently with the position of acting prime minister), Simon Vratsian (1920, concurrently with the post of prime minister).
After the establishment of Soviet rule in December, 1920, the People's Commissariat of Foreign Affairs of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic was founded, plenipotentiary representations were opened in the Soviet Russia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Ukraine, Turkmenistan, Iran, Kars.
After the Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic (TSFSR) was founded in July, 1922 the People's Commissariat of Foreign Affairs (PCFA) of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic (Armenian SSR) was eliminated, taking into consideration the fact that the general management of TSFSR member states’ foreign policy was carried out by the TSFSR Council.
In 1922, after the formation of the USSR, the PCFA became union People’s Commissariat as the Soviet Union conducted a common foreign policy and, therefore, union republics delegated the function of conducting the foreign policy to the USSR.
At the last stage of the Great Patriotic War, the Soviet leadership decided to expand the foreign policy functions of the Union’s republics, in particular, it was supposed to provide republics with the right to establish diplomatic and consular relations with foreign countries and even to seek their membership in the UN. To prepare the necessary personnel the Faculty of International Relations was established at the Yerevan State University (functioned from 1945 to 1952).
According to the law, apodted by the Supreme Council of the USSR in 1944, the USSR PCFA turned from total union into union-republic model, which meant the restoration of the People’s Commissariats of Foreign Affairs (from 1946 – Ministry of Foreign Affairs) in the governments of the Union’s republics.
In the postwar years Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) of the Armenian SSR operated under the guidance of the Government of the Armenian SSR and the Soviet MFA. The structure of the Ministry included the political department, the consular department, department of information. Ministry was responsible for providing the Central Committee of Communist Party of Armenia and the Government of Armenian SSR with the information about the Republic and international situation, consular support of trade and economic, scientific, cultural and other relations of the Republic with foreign states, citizenship issues, passports, visas, legalization of documents, correspondence with the “Inyurkollegiya” (Foreign Legal Collegium) on issues of civil heritage and other property matters, correspondence of the governing bodies of the Armenian SSR with Soviet Union’s foreign missions.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Armenian SSR was a part of the Soviet diplomatic service, diplomatic staff of the Ministry received diplomatic ranks, from time to time was posted to the Soviet Union’s foreign missions. Other representatives of the Armenian SSR, also worked in the diplomatic service, many Armenians, some of whom held senior positions in the system of the Soviet MFA, became Soviet Ambassadors.
In 1975-1985 the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Armenian SSR did a great and productive work on collecting information on developments in the Diaspora, on the Armenian issue and in the direction of preparing the decisions of republic's leadership and development the Political Armenology.
The small staff of MFA of the Armenian SSR underwent the test of the devastating earthquake of 1988, when it was necessary to deal with the issues of organizing huge humanitarian aid arriving from abroad, as well as with issues of political, diplomatic and consular support.
With the beginning of the Karabakh movement in 1988, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Armenian SSR was transferring international reactions to the events in Armenia, NK and the USSR to the leadership of the republic.
In the Soviet Union during the “perestroika” years, especially after the earthquake in 1988, the leadership of the Armenian SSR several times (but unsuccessfully) asked Moscow for greater involvement of representatives of the republic in the Soviet Union’s foreign missions, especially in countries with large Armenian communities. Only in 1960-82 diplomats, recommended by the Armenian SSR, worked at the Soviet Embassy in France.
The post of the People’s Commissar of Foreign Affairs of the Armenian SSR was held by Alexander Bekzadian (1920-1921), Askanaz Mravian (1921-1922, concurrently with the position of Deputy Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars of the Armenian SSR), Sahak Karapetian (1944-1946, concurrently with the position of Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Armenian SSR), Gevorg (Kimik) Hovhannisian (1947-1954, concurrently from 1947 – Chairman of the Armenian Company for Cultural Affairs with the Foreign Countries, and from 1948 – Head of Governmental Agency for Arts of the Council of Ministers of the Armenian SSR), Anton Kochinian (1954-1958, concurrently with the position of Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Armenian SSR), Balabek Martirosian (1958-1972, concurrently with the position of Chairman of the State Committee of Higher and Secondary Special Education of the Council of Ministers of the Armenian SSR in 1959-1961), Kamo Udumian (1972-1975), John Kirakossian (1975-1985), Anatoly Mkrtichian (1986-1991).
With the proclamation of independence of Armenia (1991), activities of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic radically changed, taking into account the new status of the Republic of Armenia in international relations, the structure of Ministry and the quantity of staff were brought in line with the requirements of the foreign policy of an independent state.
Armenia established diplomatic relations with 156 countries (as of August 1, 2010). Armenia became a member of the United Nations (UN, 1992), member of a number of other international organizations (OSCE, CIS, CSTO, Council of Europe, BSEC), has opened embassies and consulates in many countries, permanent missions have been established in number of international organizations (as of August 1, 2010, there are 30 embassies of RA, 5 consulates-general, 4 consulates and consular agencies of RA, 10 Permanent Missions of RA in international organizations).
Laws of the Republic of Armenia “On Diplomatic Ranks” (5.5.1992), “On Diplomatic Service” (24.10.2001, with further amendments), “On Consular Service” (29.5.1996), a number of legal acts regulating the system of Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including - presidential decrees, were adopted. A special body was created inside MFA to coordinate cooperation with the Armenian Diaspora at the state level - Executive Secretariat for Relations with Diaspora (2002-2008), the State Committee for Relations with Diaspora (June–October, 2008), on the basis of which Ministry of Diaspora was established in October, 2008.
The first assignment of the highest diplomatic ranks of the Republic of Armenia was held by the Presidential decree on 25.7.1992.
Since 1996, MFA of Armenia is located on Republic Square, Government House #2, which was built in 1955 according to the project by architect Samvel Safarian. In 1991-1996 Ministry of Foreign Affairs was located in a building, where nowadays the Constitutional Court of Armenia is located.
According to the Charter, approved by the Government of RA, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Armenia is a republican body of executive authority, which elaborates and implements the foreign affairs policy of the Republic of Armenia Government and organizes and manages the diplomatic services within the scope of the authority vested in it.
According to the decrees of the President of the Republic of Armenia of March 31, 2000 “On the coordination of activities of executive power of the Republic of Armenia in the conduction of a common foreign policy of the Republic of Armenia” and the order of April 22, 2000 “On establishing the order of the implementation of international activities and international relations by the bodies of the executive power of RA” MFA of Armenia has a coordinating role in foreign policy area.
Proceeding from the requirements of independent statehood, the State Protocol of Armenia was established: first as a department of the MFA in 1991, then in 1998 becoming the RA State Protocol Service within the MFA, which later on, in 2002 was proceeded by the MFA “State Protocol Service” Agency, with the status of a separated subdivision of the Ministry. In the making of State Protocol great significance is given to the Decree of the President of the Republic of Armenia of March 16, 2002, which approved the “Basic Principles of the State Protocol of the Republic of Armenia”.
Since 1999, annual conferences of the ambassadors of Armenia abroad are being held. Several regional meetings of the ambassadors of Armenia were held.
Since 2010, the Diplomatic school operates at MFA of the Republic of Armenia.
Foreign Ministry of RA has its awards: in 2002 the Commemorative Medal of the Ministry was instituted, in 2009 – the Medal “80 years of John Kirakossian”. 
The position of the Minister of Foreign affairs of Armenia was held by Raffi Hovhannisian (1991-1992), Arman Kirakossian (Acting Minister - 1992-1993), Vahan Papazian (1993-1996), Alexander Arzoumanian (1996-1998), Vartan Oskanian (1998-2008).
Since April 2008, Edward Nalbandian has been Minister of Foreign affairs of RA.

</doc>
<doc id="18387271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387271" title="Tempo di uccidere">
Tempo di uccidere

Tempo di uccidere (which translates as Time to Kill) is a 1989 dramatic film starring Nicolas Cage and Italian actors Ricky Tognazzi and Giancarlo Giannini . It is directed by Giuliano Montaldo. The film is set in 1936, when Ethiopia was an Italian colony, and was filmed in Zimbabwe. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Ennio Flaiano.
Plot.
Lieutenant Silvestri suffers a toothache and decides to reach the nearest camp hospital. En route to the dentist his vehicle has an accident, and stops near a rock. Silvestri continues by walking. On his way, he meets and rapes a young Ethiopian woman. Despite this, he and the Ethiopian fall for each other. While taking refuge in a cave Silvestri shoots at a wild animal, but the bullet ricochets and hits the woman. Silvestri continues to the dentist. Upon reaching the hospital, he reads a medical book, leading him to believe he has leprosy. As he tries to escape from Ethiopia, Silvestri must evade his former comrades and reach his wife in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18387276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387276" title="Inner Harbor East, Baltimore">
Inner Harbor East, Baltimore

Inner Harbor East, now more recently referred to more commonly as simply as Harbor East, is a relatively new mixed-use development project in Baltimore, Maryland, United States along the northern shoreline of the Northwest Branch of the Patapsco River, which is the Baltimore Harbor, and its Inner Harbor (formerly known as "The Basin"). Major tenants of Harbor East include the Baltimore Marriott Waterfront Hotel on Aliceanna Street, between the Waterfront Promenade on the west and to the east is the President Street Boulevard and the Katryn Forest Massacre Memorial (monument) in the International Drive circle at the south end. (formerly originally planned as the Wyndham Hotel in the 1990s). Also, the new Legg Mason Tower, in which the famous financial services firm moved from the central downtown is located across the street. A Four Seasons Hotel opened in November 2011.
History.
Baltimore’s eastern Inner Harbor waterfront at the mouth of the Jones Falls stream was filled with decaying warehouses from the industrial boom and construction following the Great Baltimore Fire of 1904 which devastated downtown to the west. Center of this waterfront industrial district was the landmark but sorely neglected, former passenger station, switching buildings, roundhouses, tracks and rail yards of the historic 1849-50 President Street Station of the former Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad (which merged into the later, larger multi-state Pennsylvania Railroad in 1881). Located at the southeastern corner of narrow President Street and Canton Avenue (later renamed Fleet Street), The PSS's foundations were laid in May 1849, and was completed and occupied for business on February 18, 1850. The curved-roof, painted brick "head-house" was of Greek Revival-style and had a long wood and iron-beamed shed to the rear in the east, sheltering arriving and departing trains, with cars and locomotives. A famous early photograph, taken in the summer of 1849, from the summit of Federal Hill across the Northwest Branch of the Patapsco River, shows the dense group of houses, buildings and lumber piles along the waterfront, with the under-construction Station with the trusses of its roof showing. Beyond on the horizon, is the grassy meadow hills of future Washington Hill, Broadway and the site of the Johns Hopkins Hospital. It supplanted an earlier, simpler depot dating back to the late 1830s and the predecessor line, Baltimore and Port Deposit Railroad (1832-1838), that merged into the new P.W. & B. Railroad with three other connecting lines, providing a continuous route to the northeast, completed to the river by 1837, and through to the "City of Brotherly Love" by 1838, for a ticket price of $4.00 and a journey time of six hours, except for the steam ferry-boat crossing of the Susquehanna River by the railroad's ferry "Susquehanna", (the first in America of its type), later replaced in 1854 by the larger more commodius "Maryland", which with the "Harriet Lane" served until the bridge. This compared with a several days trip before by coach or horse-back. A tremendous, wood-beamed, iron-trussed bridge, on twelve stone and concrete piers; a major American industrial accomplishment, (ranking with the crossings of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers) was a project to span that wide tributary to the Chesapeake Bay, was not completed until November 26, 1866, from Havre de Grace to Perryville, after a delay caused by a vicious windstorm/tornado, blew portions of the un-completed span into the river, the previous July.
Originally the valley through which the Jones Falls ran, south from Pennsylvania filled with various small dams, aqueducts, water mill-races and mills such as Worthington's and Pennington's as illustrated in some early drawings, prints and paintings, showing a bucolic, tree-lined, bubbly-brook pastoral scene with picturesque houses and barns along the stream's banks. Several wealthy estates and mansions were erected on hills overlooking the stream such as By the late 1800s, the Falls had become an industrial sewer, subject to frequent and disastrous floods and by the Throughout the 1850s, and the rest of the 19th Century, this part of eastern downtown and old East Baltimore was a teeming, busy, densely populated part of the city with neighborhoods of Jonestown, Baltimore/Old Town, Fells Point, Baltimore, Canton and soon, the later renamed "Little Italy" filled with different waves of European immigrants and in some smaller alley streets in between, were Afro-American residents spread throughout the neighborhoods, rather than the later 19th Century pattern of only certain communities attracting large numbers of former slaves, freedmen, and Free Blacks or "people of color". with many of its small Federal-era rowhouses of 2-1/2 stories and peaked roofs with dormer windows and some of the newer Italianate-style with a gently sloping back roof and elaborate top cornices on the front façade with the appearance of the soon-to-be-traditional white marble steps and lower front bases and stained-glass transom windows (with house numbers etched in) over the doors with a large front window with a rounded top or two narrow front windows. Later the painted-brick of the fronts of these houses were often painted red (to preserve the softer masonry & brick underneath) and had a grid of white mortar lines painted on. Green painted shutters on all the windows and brown and yellow painted wood frames and trim using a comb in the wet finish, simulating a tree's wood-grain were a traditional feature of the typical East and West Baltimore workers' houses with a painted white top fancy grooved and carved cornice and closely placed with the larger nearby several-story industrial commercial and manufacturing structures
Because of a city ordnance, that refused to allow smoking locomotives to travel within the limits of the city, passengers and cargo were transferred by horses attached to pulling rail cars up north on President Street, then west on Pratt Street along the harbor waterfront to the recently completed 1857 center-section of the Camden Street Station of the older Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to continue on further west to Harpers Ferry, (then in Virginia), and Cumberland, Maryland and on to Ohio or southwest to Washington, D.C. and all points further South. Other cars were pulled to the Bolton Station (site of the future Fifth Regiment Armory for the state militia on North Howard Street) or the Calvert Station, site of the future Baltimore Sun building of the present, to travel north to Harrisburg and Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania, on the Northern Central Railroad line.
After surviving without much bloodshed, on Thursday, April 18, 1861, the transferral of several companies of regular U.S. Army, Artillery Corps troops marching through the city south on Howard Street from the Northern Central line's Bolton Station, then southeast to Fort McHenry in South Baltimore, accompanied by some unarmed Pennsylvania state militia regiments from the Pottstown area (totalling about 600) which were escorted and protected by the new Baltimore City police force. The Regulars were passing through coincidentally on a previous schedule but the Pennsylvaians had responded quickly and arrived only a few days after newly inaugurated President Abraham Lincoln's proclamation and call to all the states for the call-up and recruitment of 75,000 troops to suppress the impending Rebellion, after state troops from newly seceded South Carolina, now under the command of a newly organized Confederate States Army upon the Federal Fort Sumter in Charleston harbor, on the previous Friday, April 12, 1861, Although harassed and heckled by southern-sympathizing Baltimoreans, and throwing some rocks and bottles with one soldier's servant injured, the locals were caught a bit unaware and the "Keystone State" troops arrived in the Capital later that night. But war appeared imminent, the city was in an upheaval, and Northerners rushed to enlist and send their first newly organized local militia south to be first to defend the National Capital, Washington, D.C.
The Station and the surrounding streets of downtown and old East Baltimore, were the site of the famous "Pratt Street Riot" on the next day, Friday, April 19, 1861 when transferring state militia troops of about 2,000 from the Sixth Massachusetts Regiment (northeastern towns of Lowell, Lawrence, Methuen, Stoneham, and others) joined by the "Washington Brigade" from Philadelphia of Pennsylvania state militia were attacked by southern-sympathizing mobs of civilians as they traveled first in nine horse-drawn yellow rail-cars up President Street and west, across Pratt Street to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's Camden Street Station (current site nearby of the Oriole Park baseball stadium and pro football's Ravens Stadium) led by newly appointed Baltimore City Police Marshal George P. Kane and newly elected, Reform-minded Mayor, George William Brown, with a contingent of newly organized and trained, uniformed city police, brandishing revolvers as escorts. After blocking the tracks with debris and sand piles, the troops on the tenth car, joined by the rest of the companies of soldiers following later from back at the President Street Station began marching in close order west along narrow cobble-stone paved Pratt Street, with its tightly packed alleys and buildings (unlike the modern, wide and open concrete boulevard) heading for the B. & O. depot. Some companies got through to Camden, but when pelted with rocks, bottles and debris and hearing gunshots, the rear guards were forced to wheel about and fire into the crowds and fight their way through. Four soldiers from the North were killed and several more civilians, possibly twelve and many were injured. This was considered "The First Bloodshed of the Civil War" and was quickly telegraphed throughout the war-fevered nation and the Massachusetts men became instant martyrs. (since during the attack by Confederates on Fort Sumter, in Charleston harbor, South Carolina, no one was killed in the opening artillery fire and cannonade). The Station is also considered the oldest surviving, big-city railroad depot and also is a significant point of American architectural history because of its unique first-use of a special "Howe" roof-truss for support. In addition, noted 19th Century abolitionist and civil rights leader Frederick Douglass escaped to freedom by hailing and jumping aboard, a Philadelphia-bound P.W. & B. Railroad train on this line near Canton from the smaller, previous station around 1838, (as documented in his memoirs) and there are several other instances of the rail line being used as a route to freedom on the famous "Underground Railroad" for escaping slaves.
By the 1870s, most of the northeast-bound passenger traffic was being routed to a newer "Union Station" for several lines in north Baltimore, on Mount Royal Avenue (between North Charles and Calvert Streets) which was replaced in 1911 by the present Pennsylvania Station. Freight continued to be hauled out of President Street and offices were maintained there until World War II. South and west of the tightly packed small alley-like streets of "Little Italy" which acquired its rather recent name after Italian immigrants replaced earlier waves of incoming residents around World War I. In April 1997, after a long-decade battle to preserve the historic crumbling station, a Baltimore Civil War Museum was opened under the sponsorship of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Museum at Mount Clare and the supporters group of the Friends of the President Street Station.
Further to the north and east was the old colonial village of Jonestown, which later acquired the name of "Old Town" in the 19th Century as it filled with first German, and later East European Jews from the 1830s to just after World War II, when more-affluent Jews joined the Post-War stampede to the suburbs and gradually moved to the northwestern parts of the city and county around Forest Park, Park Heights, Pimlico, Pikesville and Owings Mills. Old "Corned Beef Row" along East Lombard Street (between Albemarle Street and Central Avenue) was filled with delitectessans, butcheries, and other food markets and shops up until the 1980s. A variety of cultural and educational institutions also filled the crowded neighborhoods. Remembering all this heritage at Lloyd and Watson Streets (between East Baltimore and Lombard Streets) are the historic synagogues (Lloyd Street and B'nai Israel) and the exhibition halls/galleries and offices of the Jewish Museum of Maryland, (the former Jewish Historical Society of Maryland), which relocated there in 1985.
The surrounding cobble-stoned and rail-lined streets of inner Old East Baltimore (on the east bank of the Jones Falls), were filled with small two-and-half story, peaked-roof rowhouses from the 1820s to 1840s, and low, brick industrial buildings, with several taller canneries, warehouses, and lumber yards which narrowly missed being consumed by the Great Baltimore Fire of February 1904, which pushed by prevailing winds moving to the east was stopped short at the Jones Falls.
In 1983, Baltimore city officials hired a planning team for the "Inner Harbor East" renewal area; this planning team included Stan Eckstut of Cooper Eckstut Associates. Three years later, in 1986, John Paterakis of the long-time local H & S Bakery Company on Central Avenue was approached by Governor William Donald Schaefer to purchase a piece of land. Schaefer had instructed Paterakis to buy the land for 11.4 million dollars from Michael Silver with the idea that the city would re-purchase the land from him within the year at an interest and tax-adjusted price of $13.4 million.
Design.
The initial plan stressed both sidewalks and streets to connect residents and visitors to the waterfront. “The public space system was highlighted by a waterfront promenade that acts as a link to the Inner Harbor and to other nearby residential areas; bikers, joggers, and leisurely strollers bustle along this waterfront space."
The idea was to decrease the height of the buildings near the waterfront to create views of both the waterfront and the city, incorporated aspects of Mount Vernon Place with those of the Fells Point and Little Italy neighborhoods.
Inner Harbor East today.
Inner Harbor East today features several high-rise hotels, apartments, and office buildings in a walking neighborhood. Retail tenants include a Whole Foods Market, high-end retailers such as Urban Chic, a movie theater, and several restaurants. Legg Mason has moved their headquarters from the tallest building in Baltimore to Harbor East. The new Legg Mason tower is located directly next to the Four Seasons. The Four Seasons was initially expected to include 20 floors of condominiums above the hotel, however that was put off indefinitely due to lack of high end residential demand in Baltimore.
“The development of Inner Harbor East maximizes the existing history, culture, tradition, and economic health of the Inner Harbor. The dense urban development uses less land, is more pedestrian-oriented, and creates more value for the existing area."

</doc>
<doc id="18387278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387278" title="Silver Streak Zephyr">
Silver Streak Zephyr

The Silver Streak Zephyr was a train service of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad in the American midwest. It ran from 1940 through 1959. 
On April 15, 1940 the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad inaugurated the "Silver Streak Zephyr" operating a Lincoln-Omaha-St. Joseph-Kansas City round trip daily. The new train was named "Silver Streak Zephyr" for the train portrayed in the Paramount Motion Picture "The Silver Streak", with the starring role by the "Pioneer Zephyr". The CB&Q liked the name and assigned it to the new "Zephyr". This was the second "Zephyr" assigned to this route as the "Pioneer Zephyr" had operated in this service for some time and had actually outgrown it, when it generated more traffic than it was able to handle. 
For power the new five car lightweight streamliner was assigned a new EMD E5A unit developing Passengers were obviously pleased with the new "Silver Streak Zephyr" as ridership showed a marked increase within days of the new trains entry into service. As with the earlier "General Pershing Zephyr" and "Ak-Sar-Ben Zephyr" the new "Silver Streak Zephyr" no longer operated with articulated train sets or for that matter even articulated cars. The Burlington’s days of ordering articulated equipment were over and no further cars of that type would ever be contemplated. 

</doc>
<doc id="18387280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387280" title="James Smith (inventor)">
James Smith (inventor)

James Smith (3 January 1789, Glasgow–10 June 1850, Kingencleuch near Mauchline, age 61) was a Scottish inventor whose inventions include a reaping machine, a subsoil plough and the first endless chain of flats for carding. 
Smith's father, a self-made Glasgow businessman, died when he was two months old; his mother went to live with her brother, a friend and pupil of Richard Arkwright, and managing partner of cotton-works at Deanston. Smith attended Glasgow University before entering his uncle's factory and becoming manager aged 18. Aged 24, his invention of a reaping machine won him a medal from the Imperial Agricultural Society of St Petersburgh. In 1823 Smith came into possession of his uncle's farm, and set about systematically draining the soil and working it with a subsoil plough. In 1831 he published his agricultural recommendations as a small pamphlet, "Thorough Draining and Deep Working", which attracted attention in the agricultural crisis of 1834.
Smith also introduced mechanical innovations in spinning: in 1834 he improved Archibald Buchanan's self-stripping card, filing a patent (British patent no. 6560) for fixing the flat cards on an endless chain, allowing them to be regularly cleaned.
Smith was appointed by Robert Peel to the Commission into the sanitation and health of manufacturing towns, which led to the 1848 Public Health Act: Smith pressed to make liquid manure useful to agriculture. Smith was also an active member of the Royal Agricultural Improvement Society of Ireland, and a member of the Glasgow Philosophical Society, contributing papers to their "Transactions".

</doc>
<doc id="18387290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387290" title="Sologashvili">
Sologashvili

The Sologashvili (), also known as Solagashvili (სოლაღაშვილი) or Salagashvili (სალაღაშვილი), are a Georgian noble family, known from the 15th century. They were related to the Baratashvili and possibly shared a common origin with them. 
The family came from the southern Georgian province of Samtskhe, which they left for Kartli in the 15th century. The kings of Kartli granted them the dignity of "Tavadi" ("prince") and estates in the valleys of Algeti and Vere as well as in the environs of Tbilisi. The Sologashvili owned the fortresses of Kojori and Ch'apala, and the monastery of Kabeni, their familial burial ground. A branch emigrated, in 1724, to the Russian Empire, where they came to be known as Salagov (Салаговы). A member of this branch was General Semyon Ivanovich Salagov (1754–1820). The Georgian Sologashvili were confirmed as princes ("knyaz") of the Russian Empire in 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="18387303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387303" title="At the Gate of Horn">
At the Gate of Horn

At the Gate of Horn is the second solo album by American folk singer Odetta, first released in 1957. It was named for the Gate of Horn club in Chicago.
Odetta is joined by bassist Bill Lee. Although the titled suggests it is a live recording, it is actually a studio recording - recorded at the Esoteric Studios in New York City.
"At the Gate of Horn" was re-released on CD by Rykodisc in 1997 and by Empire Musicwerks in 2006. Some tracks are included on the Collectables re-release "".
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18387305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387305" title="One House Street">
One House Street

ONE HOUSE STREET was a freeform rap/dance party television program highlighting videos, artist performances, street dance and a high-tech DJ booth for “scratching” and live DJ’ing.
The one hour weekly program premiered in 1991 and was broadcast in Philadelphia (WGBS), Chicago (WGBO), and Miami (WBFS).
The show was created and produced by Michael Nise, executive producer of DANCIN’ ON AIR and DANCE PARTY USA, in conjunction with Combined Broadcasting.
"One House Street" quickly became the number one show in its time period in Miami within the first three weeks, and number two in Philadelphia within the first two months. The show only aired for 50 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="18387321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387321" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Cuba)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Cuba)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs () is the Cuban government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="18387357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387357" title="Alonim">
Alonim

Alonim (, "lit." Oaks) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 1947 Alonim had a population of over 450. In 2011 it had a population of 469.
The kibbutz was established on June 26, 1938 as part of the tower and stockade settlement campaign. The settlers were the first graduates of Youth Aliyah.
During the 1936–39 Arab riots, Alonim was frequently attacked and three of its members were killed. It began as an orchard and dairy farm, and manufactured flutes, which were highly popular with Israeli children. Alonim has become a popular name in Jewish camping. There Is a Camp Alonim in California, and the name Alonim is the name of the oldest age group at Camp Ramah in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18387376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387376" title="2008 ENnie Award nominations">
2008 ENnie Award nominations

The following are the nominated products for the 8th annual ENnie Awards, to be held in 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="18387426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387426" title="Francis Sumner (mayor)">
Francis Sumner (mayor)

Francis James Sumner (22 December 1807–12 June 1884) was a Roman Catholic mill owner in Glossop. Sumner built a large business and served as Mayor of Glossop, and Deputy Lieutenant and High Sheriff of Derbyshire.
Biography.
Francis James Sumner was the son of Robert and Ann Sumner. His mother died young and his father remarried to the daughter of the agent of the Duke of Norfolk. When Sumner's father also died in 1817 he ended up living with his stepmother and her father at Glossop Hall. After his mother remarried to John Hardman, Sumner started working as piecer at Grove Mill (aka Old Silk Mill) and then at Wrens Nest. In 1827 he bought Wren Nest Mill from his uncle Thomas Ellison, for 10,000 pounds. He was 22. He had inherited the money from his father's will. The mill had a rateable value of ₤91 and had 7000 spindles.
Catholicism was strong in Glossop because of the influence of the Howards and their estate staff, the Ellisons, Francis Hawke and John le Jardins. Sumner was a Whig and thus Liberal. Sumner moved to Glossop in October 1822. 
His uncle Thomas Ellison had started the business and built the mill in 1815, and made extensions in 1815 and 1818, the latter incorporating an octagonal tower. Sumner first had possession of his uncle's business in 1827 and within two years he was extending the area of land he was renting as his number of spindles rose from 7,000 to over 9,500. Before 1829 the power had come from a water wheel but Sumner replaced with a steam engine. This allowed further expansion. He took over Wren Next Farm and the farm buildings eventually became stables. The farm was consumed as he expanded his lands in 1829, 1839, 1847 1848, 1851, 1856 and 1857.
Wrens Nest Mill employed 1400 people, operated 122,000 spindles and 2541 looms. Together with the Howardtown Mills and Waterside Mills, Hadfield; it dominated the Derbyshire cotton industry. As this was a Catholic run firm, many of the additional girls needed to run the mill, were brought over from Ireland.
In 1852 he involved himself in constructing a Roman Catholic school over the hill from Hadfield in Glossop. Sumner then became Glossop's first mayor. He was elected on Boxing Day in 1866 and treated every member of the council to a meal to celebrate his appointment. The following year he was appointed Justice of the Peace for the borough. In 1869 he bought a small weekend estate called Park Hall in Little Hayfield, the sort of residence that befitted his position as a cotton millionaire. He then was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Derbyshire, and in 1881, Sumner became the High Sheriff of Derbyshire.
He died in London in 1884 intestate. He was still a bachelor and without a will, his large business legally had to come to an immediate halt. Luckily his bankers were willing to find the salaries to keep it going until his cousins could decide how the inheritance should be managed. It had been one of Sumner's intention to build a Roman Catholic church in Glossop, plans were well advanced but his death meant the plans had to be reconsidered. With a few changes, the scheme continued though money was saved by abandoning the organ loft and the proposed steeple. The 12,000 pound building was opened in August 1887 with the addition of a rectory two years later.
The Wren's Nest mill ceased trading in 1955 and the remaining building is only a small part of the original structure. Much had been converted to apartments. There was a large fire on April 6, 2007, which had been started deliberately, which damaged the roof and the third floor. It was followed by partial demolition. The recent photo shows how it is now being restored, with a new retail development behind.
Park Hall is now run as a bed and breakfast business whilst Easton House built by the Sumner family in the 1920s and including stained glass bearing his monogram is now in a very poor state of repair.

</doc>
<doc id="18387433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387433" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Sudan)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Sudan)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs () is the Sudanese government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="18387449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387449" title="Legend of Tianyun Mountain">
Legend of Tianyun Mountain

Legend of Tianyun Mountain () is a 1980 Chinese film about Chinese people's sufferings from the long-term political campaigns from "Anti-rightists" in 1950s until the fall of Gang of Four. It depicted the individuals' hardship in the political turmoils and critically reflected the impact of that special history after the formation of the People's Republic of China. The film was based on the novel written by Lu Yanzhou, and was directed by Xie Jin, starring Wang Fuli, Shi Weijian, Zhong Xinghuo and Shi Jianlan.
Plot.
In the early 1950s, Song Wei and Feng Qinglan, two female newly graduates from school, join Tianyun Mountain Exploration Team. Song falls in love with Luo Qun, the newly appointed political commissar. In spring of 1957, Song is sent to study in the Party school and joins the CPC. When these two plan to get married, the Anti-Rightist Movement outbreaks, and Luo is classified as "rightist" and deprived of his post. Wu Yao, who leads the political campaign in Tianyun Mountain, forces Song to break up with Luo. Under the political pressure, Song sends Luo a farewell letter, and later, marries Wu. Luo is sent to do drudgery in a rural village. On the other hand, Feng, who has hidden her admiration and love for Luo, leaves the exploration team and comes to Luo. They get married, despite outside duress, and live an impoverished but content life. 20 years later and after the fall of Gang of Four, Wu becomes the vice Party chief and head of the organization department of the region, and Song is also elevated to vice director of the organization department, though she has no real power. One day, a young girl, Zhou Yuzhen, tells Song about her encounter with a coachman named Luo Qun in Tianyun Mountain, who is still a non-rehabilitated rightist. Song feels guilty and decides to rectify Luo's injustice by herself. But her husband, Wu, viciously interferes with the case. Song stands up to the resistance and appeals to higher-ranking officers, and finally, Luo's case is straightened out. When the good news comes, however, the flame of Feng's life extinguishes due to long-drawn-out hardship. In the end, from a distance Song sees Luo standing in silent tribute in front of the grave of Feng.
Criticism.
This was the first time director Xie Jin focused on Anti-Rightist Movement, and faithfully displayed that particular history on the screen. The film boldly and intensively revealed that historic tragedy that honest people were mistakenly condemned to "rightist". The film tried to analyze the historic lessens from various aspects including politics, ethics and morality, and address the origins of the tragedy. It mixed the individuals' personality, emotional changes with the political atmosphere, social problems and history development, underscoring the theme. The film won the Best Picture, Best Director, Best Cinematography, Best Art Design awards in the first Golden Rooster Awards in China in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18387471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387471" title="Oleh Humenyuk">
Oleh Humenyuk

Oleh Humenyuk (born 3 May 1983, Odessa, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Career.
Humenyuk moved to Chornomorets in October 2007 from FC Sheriff Tiraspol. With 
Sheriff, Humenyuk won the Divizia Naţională championship five times, Moldovan Cup 3 times, and the Moldovan Super Cup 3 times. He appeared for Sheriff 193 times and scored 12 goals. He was also capped 10 times by the Ukraine U-21 team.

</doc>
<doc id="18387483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387483" title="My Eyes Have Seen">
My Eyes Have Seen

My Eyes Have Seen is the third album by American folk singer Odetta, first released in 1959. After two small releases, Odetta had now moved to the larger, more folk and jazz oriented label Vanguard.
Milt Okun arranged and conducted a choir on a portion of the songs, notably "Motherless Children", "Ox-Driver Song" and the title piece.
"My Eyes Have Seen" was re-released on CD in 1994.
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18387490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387490" title="3 (The Butchies album)">
3 (The Butchies album)

3 is the third album by queercore band The Butchies, released in 2001.
Track listing.
All songs written by The Butchies.

</doc>
<doc id="18387497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387497" title="Bible translations into Arabic">
Bible translations into Arabic

Translations of the Bible into Arabic are known from the early Christian churches in Syria, Egypt, Malta and Spain. Some of these translations are from Syriac (the Peshitta), Coptic or Latin. The earliest fragment of the Old Testament in Arabic is a text of Psalm 77, found in the Umayyad Mosque, dating from the 8th century. The first Jewish translations of the Hebrew Bible, and the bible translations by Roman Catholic clergy date from c. AD 1000.
One of the oldest Arabic bibles was discovered in the 19th century at Saint Catherine's Monastery. The manuscript called Mt. Sinai Arabic Codex 151, was created in AD 867. It includes the biblical text, marginal comments, lectionary notes, and glosses, as found in the manuscript.[http://www.arabicbible.com/bible/codex_151.htm] Most Arabic translations have translated Yahweh (יהוה), the Hebrew name of God (LORD or Jehovah in English / Kyrios in Greek), as Allāh or Rabb. These are also the most frequent appellations made by Muslims as per Classical Arabic. The Aramaic Mār / Mōr (teacher or lord) is translated as Rabb or Sa‘īd. There are many cases where an etymological root exists between an Arabic word and the original Hebrew or Aramaic text, yet it is translated into a colloquial or a commonly used word instead.
Mozarabic.
The bible texts produced by the Mozarabs which have survived to the present day are the translations of the Gospels, the Psalms and the Canons. It is assumed that the Bible was also translated in its entirety by the Christians of Al-Andalus. Most of the translations date to the twelfth century or later, although a few are as early as the tenth century. One of these manuscripts is still kept at the Qarawiyyin Library in Fez is a 12th-century Mozarab parchment containing the gospels of John. Ishaq ibn Balask of Cordoba translated the gospels into Arabic in 946. Hafs ibn Albar made a translation of the Psalms in 889.
Jewish.
In the 10th century AD Saadia Gaon wrote a "Tafsir", an Arabic translation of the Torah with a lengthy commentary. These were written in Hebrew characters (Judaeo-Arabic). Much of the commentary is lost, but the translation of the Torah and several other books has survived intact, and even serves as part of the liturgy of Yemenite Jews, who read the Torah in the synagogue with each Hebrew verse translated twice: first to the Aramaic targum and then to Saadia's "Tafsir".
As the language of Saadia Gaon's translation became archaic and remote from common speech, most Jewish communities of the Arab world evolved their own translations of the Torah into their local dialects of Judaeo-Arabic. A traditional translation of this kind is known as a "sharħ" (plural "shurūħ"), from the Arabic word for "explanation". These translations were generally used for teaching purposes rather than in the synagogue, and many of them were printed in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Later Christian translations.
In 1671 the Catholic Church published the whole Bible at Rome. The translation was done under the direction of Sergius Risi, the Catholic Archbishop of Damascus, as well as of Dominican Vincenzo Candido, professor of theology at the Roman College of Saint Thomas. Francis Britius aided the translation.
One of the earliest modern translations to Arabic was at the initiative of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge. Around 1846, the Society commanded this work to the Orientalist Samuel Lee (1783–1852). Rev. Dr. Lee invited to Cambridge the Lebanese scholar Ahmad Faris Shidyaq to participate in the translation. The translation of the Bible was published in 1857, after the death of Samuel Lee, thanks to his pupil and friend Professor Thomas Jarrett. This translation is still considered one of the best Arabic translations of the Bible.
The most popular translation is the Van Dyck Version, funded by the Syrian Mission and the American Bible Society. The project was the brainchild of Eli Smith, and started around 1847, centered in Beirut. After Eli Smith's death it was completed under the direction of Cornelius Van Allen Van Dyck. Others involved included Nasif al Yaziji, Boutros al Bustani, and Yusuf al-Asir. The New Testament was completed on March 9, 1860, followed by the Old Testament on March 10, 1865. The original manuscript is preserved in the Near East School of Theology Library in Beirut. About 10 million copies of this version have been distributed since 1865. It has been accepted by the Coptic Church and the Protestant churches. This translation was based mostly on the same Textus Receptus as the King James Version of the Bible, and follows a more literal style of translation. Most printings of the Van Dyck version use the same basic printing plates which have been employed for years (possibly the same plates that were made when the translation was first adopted). These plates employ the "stacking" version of writing Arabic, in which, for example, letters that precede other specified letters, such as jīm, are written vertical to rather than horizontal to that letter. This style of Arabic can be hard to read at times, especially for non-native students of Arabic. More recently, newer printings of the Van Dyck have been made which employ a more common, straightforward Arabic font.
The Van Dyck translation was done at the beginning of the revival of Modern Standard Arabic as a literary language, and consequently many of the terms coined did not enter into common use. One indication of this is a recent edition of the Van Dyck printed by the Bible Society in Egypt, which includes a glossary of little-understood vocabulary, with around 3000 entries. In addition to obsolete or archaic terms, this translation uses religious terminology that Muslim or other non-Christian readers may not understand (e.g. إصحاح "ișḥāḥ", a Syriac borrowing meaning a chapter of the Bible; تجديف "tajdīf", the word for blasphemy.) It should also be noted that an Arab Muslim reading the Bible in Arabic (especially if reading the New Testament) will find the style quite different from the style that is used in the Qur'an (this is more or less true of all Arabic translations of the Bible). Also of note is the fact that religious terminology familiar to Muslims was not very much used in this version of the Bible, as is the case in most Arabic versions of the Bible.
As a counter-reaction to Van Dyck's Protestant translation, the Jesuits of Beirut started to prepare their own Catholic translation of the Bible soon after. The first volume of this work was published in 1876, with the whole New Testament in 1878, and the complete Bible already in 1880. The main contributors in the translator team were Father Augustin Rodet and Sheikh Ibrahim al-Yaziji.
In 1973 the Living Bibles International launched a new translation of the Arabic Bible under the direction of Georges Houssney, a Lebanese Christian based in Beirut. Houssney employed two Key translators, Said Baz for the New Testament completed in 1982, and Dr. Samuel Shahid for the Old Testament completed in 1988. Rev. Menes Abdul Noor contributed significantly. Initially, the project was vehemently opposed by Van Dyke proponents. Mr. Houssney made a tactical decision to model the translation after the popular NIV and named it "Book of Life, an interpretive translation" (in Arabic, كتاب الحياة ترجمة تفسيرية "kitāb al-ḥayāh tarjamah tafsīriyyah"). The result was wide acceptance throughout the Arab World. In 1992 it was dubbed the New Arabic Version after Living Bibles International merged with International Bible Society, now Biblica. The nearest English translation to the New Arabic Version is the New International Version. Translators consulted various English and Arabic translations and checked thoroughly against the Greek and Hebrew original texts with the aid of a team of scholars. Among the scholars who advised on the original languages are Dr. Kenneth Bailey, Dr. David King, Dr. Ghassan Khalaf, and Dr. Maurice Seale. This version is the most widely distributed with several million copies in circulation. However a more significant fact about this project is that Christians in the Arab world began to accept the idea of new translations after seeing the importance of a clear and contemporary Arabic style.
In 1988 the Jesuit publishing company Dar el-Machreq published a revised version of the 1880 Catholic translation, which has sold more than 60,000 copies between 1988 and 2000.
In 1992 the Bible Society, released Today's Arabic Version, a dynamic equivalence translation designed to be as easy to understand as possible. It is also known as the Good News Arabic or the Ecumenical Version (الترجمة المشتركة "at-tarjamah al-mushtarakah"), in that it was produced by an interdenominational team of scholars and church leaders. It was conceived as the Arabic equivalent of the English Good News Bible (also known as the Today's English Version), but is in reality more like the English New International Version.
In the 1980s an Egyptian Christian found that his Muslim friends could not understand the Bible. He began with a translation of the Gospel of Mark, and their enthusiasm led him to translate the entire New Testament, completed in 1990. This translation was titled "The Noble Gospel" "al-injīl ash-sharīf" (الإنجيل الشريف). The language is quite simple, with vocabulary deliberately chosen to be common with vernacular Arabic. It is much clearer in many passages than the other translations mentioned above, but it is not very elegant. It uses Arabic proper names and religious terminology understood by most Arabic speakers, rather than foreign names and ecclesiastical terminology found in older translations. The full Bible was published in 1999.
In 2000, Jehovah's Witnesses released their "New World Translation of the Christian Greek Scriptures" (New Testament) in Arabic. The Hebrew Scriptures (Old Testament) was translated and released along the Greek Scriptures as a complete Bible in 2004.
In 2005, Syrian Arab author Mazhar Mallouhi brought together Christians and Muslims In a ground-breaking endeavour to produce a new translation of the Gospels and Acts in Arabic. The result of their collective efforts was published in Beirut in March 2008 under the title "The True Meaning of the Gospel of Christ" (المعنى الصحيح لإنجيل المسيح "al-ma‘nā aṣ-ṣaḥīḥ li’injīl al-masīḥ"). The goal of the project was a translation of the gospel message that would speak clearly and naturally to the hearts of Arabic speakers unfamiliar with church terminology and traditions. The volume, published by Al-Kalima and printed by the Dar al-Farabi publishing house, features a culturally sensitive translation of the four Gospels and the Book of Acts in modern literary Arabic, with footnotes providing cultural background information essential to understanding the text. There is also a collection of 26 articles on related topics of particular interest to Arab readers, as well as introductions to each of the Gospels and Acts, illustrations and maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18387518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387518" title="CD Mairena">
CD Mairena

Club Deportivo Mairena is a Spanish football team based in Mairena del Alcor, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1922, it plays in Tercera División – Group 10, holding home games at "Estadio Nuevo San Bartolomé", with a capacity of 6,000 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="18387519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387519" title="Counts of Namur">
Counts of Namur

The following is a list of Counts or Margraves of Namur. 
Namur was not often an independent state, rather under the dominion of other entities like the counties of Hainaut and Flanders or the Duchy of Burgundy.
Succession is from father to son, unless otherwise noted.
List of Margraves of Namur.
House of Dampierre.
In 1421, John III sells his estates to Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy.
House of Habsburg.
Charles V proclaimed the Pragmatic Sanction of 1549 eternally uniting Namur with the other lordships of the Low Countries in a personal union. When the Habsburg empire was divided among the heirs of Charles V, the Low Countries, including Namur, went to Philip II of Spain, of the Spanish branch of the House of Habsburg.
Between 1706 and 1714 Namur was invaded by the English and the Dutch during the War of the Spanish Succession. The fief was claimed by the House of Habsburg and the House of Bourbon. In 1712 Luxembourg and Namur were ceded to Maximilian II Emanuel, Elector of Bavaria by his French allies, but with the end of the war in 1713 with the Treaty of Utrecht Max. Emanuel was restored as Elector of Bavaria. The Treaty of Utrecht also settled the succession, and the Margraviate of Namur went to the Austrian branch of the House of Habsburg, along with the rest of the Spanish Netherlands.
The title was factually abolished in the aftermath of the French revolution and the annexation of Namur by France in 1795. Although, the title remained officially claimed by the descendants of Leopold II until the reign of Karl I of Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18387532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387532" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Kazakhstan)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Kazakhstan)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (, ) is the Kazakh government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="18387559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387559" title="Schenley Park Casino">
Schenley Park Casino

The Schenley Park Casino was Pittsburgh’s first multi-purpose arena. The facility was considered the envy of the sports and entertainment world during the early 1890s, with amenities that were unsurpassed anywhere on the globe. It was built at the entrance to Schenley Park in Oakland near the Phipps Conservatory, the Schenley Bridge and the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh. The University of Pittsburgh’s Frick Fine Arts Building currently sits on the site of the Casino. The Casino was the first place in Pittsburgh where organized ice hockey was played. The arena's artificial ice surface was the first of its kind in North America.
Construction and brief use.
In the fall of 1893, The City of Pittsburgh pondered on the idea of multi-purpose facility that would be a place for theater, recreation and social gathering. The idea sputtered through a committee of capitalists until Casino manager, James Wallace Conant convinced political boss, Christopher Magee, that the new building could feature an indoor ice skating rink. The notion of indoor ice skating galvanized the Casino’s construction plan. As a result investors were quick to agree to the $400,000 financing, and construction of the Casino was completed before opening to the public on May 29, 1895.
The Casino contained luxury boxes, as well as a grand theater, and a $45,000 roof garden. Each end of the ice rink featured 10 dressing rooms which were furnished with oil paintings and tapestries. The rooms were owned by politicians and capitalists from the banking, steel, coal and railroad industries and were used for winter carnivals, skating expos and political rallies. The facility also contained a ladies’ reception room which was furnished with imported carpeting, lace curtains, and stuffed leather recliners. It also featured a childcare and play area.
However the primary attraction at the Casino was the elliptical-shaped, 225 x ice surface. The facility offered public skating sessions were held only on weekdays. The five cent admission included steel skate frames that were strapped over a person’s winter footwear. Saturdays were reserved for private parties and the Pittsburgh hockey club that evolved into the Pittsburgh Keystones, a group of local men from the Western University and Carnegie Tech. In the summer, the Casino was used as a 3,500 seat theatre.
First hockey game in Pittsburgh.
On December 30, 1895, the "Pittsburgh Press" made mention of a “great international hockey and polo tournament” opening game at the Casino. The newspaper reported that a team consisting of ten players from Queens University played against a group of local players from Western University (today the University of Pittsburgh) and Pittsburgh Catholic College of the Holy Ghost (today Duquesne University) and a half hour of exhibition of hockey was played before the polo match. The paper noted that 2,500 to 3,000 fans showed up to watch the game, despite claims of bad weather. No score or records were reportedly kept but the paper did note that the team from Queens University outplayed the Pittsburghers, who had never played the game before.
Destruction.
On December 17, 1896, at approximately 1:45 am., an ammonia pipe in the icemaking department began leaking. Firefighters believed the gas mixed with grease and created an explosion resulting in a fire that consumed the equipment room in the rear of the Casino and spread to the ladies’ dressing room. temperatures decreased the water pressure for the fire department's hoses, and limited access across the wooden Schenley Bridge, which was also damaged during the incident, gave the fire too much of a head start for firefighters to have a realistic chance of battling it. The amount of heat from the blaze was strong enough to melt the glass windows of nearby Phipps Conservatory. Dense smoke and heavy poisonous ammonia fumes forced firefighters in their horse-drawn equipment to retreat from trying to save the main hall of the building resulting in the fire being declared unmanageble by Pittsburgh Fire Chief, Miles Humphries.
Aftermath.
At first many investors were hopeful that the Casino could be rebuilt. However they later learned that the $400,000 building was only insured for a sum of $50,000-$75,000. The Yale University hockey team was to have played a series of games against Western University of Pennsylvania, Duquesne University and the Keystones the weekend after the fire, but they were telegraphed and told not to come to Pittsburgh. The only thing that remained was the large brick smoke stack and a portion of the wall along the bridge side of the Casino. Along with the facility, a brand-new merry-go-round, valued at $30,000, was also destroyed in the blaze.
The loss of the Casino led many local investors to look into constructing a new multi-purpose arena. Christopher Magee, the city's first elected treasurer focused local attention on the Duquesne Traction Company, an old streetcar barn less than a half mile away from the Casino. The devastating loss of the Casino hastened efforts in transforming the barn into the city’s new multi-purpose sports and entertainment venue that became the Duquesne Gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="18387625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387625" title="Suicidal Tendencies discography">
Suicidal Tendencies discography

The discography of Suicidal Tendencies, a Los Angeles-based crossover thrash band formed in 1981 by vocalist Mike Muir, consists of twelve studio albums, four compilation albums, one extended play, four split albums, seventeen singles and twenty-two music videos. Their first studio album, "Suicidal Tendencies", was released in 1983 but failed to chart. Their second album, "Join the Army", was released four years later and peaked at number 100 in the United States and number 81 in the UK. The album caught the attention of Epic Records, who signed Suicidal Tendencies in 1988. The band released first album for the label, "How Will I Laugh Tomorrow When I Can't Even Smile Today", in September 1988, and in the following year they released "Controlled by Hatred/Feel Like Shit...Déjà Vu", which was their first album to be certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Suicidal Tendencies released their fifth album "Lights...Camera...Revolution!" in July 1990, which peaked at number 101 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 59 in the UK. It spawned four singles, including "Send Me Your Money", which peaked at number 83 in the UK, leading the album to sell over half a million copies. Their sixth album, "The Art of Rebellion", was released in 1992 and peaked at number 52, their highest chart position in their home country to date. It was also the first of five Suicidal Tendencies albums to chart in Germany, as well as their only album to chart in Canada and New Zealand. Four singles were released to promote "The Art of Rebellion", including "Nobody Hears" and "I'll Hate You Better", which peaked at number 28 and 34 respectively on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock chart. After releasing "Still Cyco After All These Years" (1993), a re-recording of their first album, Suicidal Tendencies released their eighth studio album "Suicidal for Life" in 1994. Despite being the band's second highest-charting album in the US, peaking at #82, "Suicidal for Life" was not as successful as their previous releases, and eventually after touring in support of it, Suicidal Tendencies broke up.
Suicidal Tendencies reformed in 1997, and the compilation album "Prime Cuts" and split album "Friends & Family, Vol. 1" were both released that same year. They released one EP in 1998, which was followed by "Freedumb" (1999), their first studio album in five years. After the release of another album in 2000, Suicidal Tendencies went on hiatus again and would not release their next studio album until "No Mercy Fool!/The Suicidal Family" in 2010, which contains mostly re-recordings of Suicidal Tendencies and No Mercy songs. "No Mercy Fool!/The Suicidal Family" was followed three years later by "13" (2013), which became Suicidal Tendencies' first album to chart on the "Billboard" 200 since "Suicidal for Life" but peaked at number 187, making it their lowest chart position to date.

</doc>
<doc id="18387653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387653" title="Edmund Potter">
Edmund Potter

Edmund Potter senior (1802–1883), was a Manchester industrialist and MP and grandfather to Beatrix Potter.
He was a unitarian and, from 1861 to 1874, Liberal MP for Carlisle. Potter moved his business to Glossop in 1825, he rebuilt Joseph Lyne's Boggart Mill, and converted it to a printworks. He moved his family to Dinting Lodge in 1842. Originally calico printing was done by hand, but Potter introduced precision machine printing. By 1883, the mill employed 350, and had printed 1 million pieces on 42 machines. It was the world's largest calico printing factory.
Family.
James Potter (1710–1770) of Hindley was a flax merchant. He moved to New Market Place, Manchester. His son John Potter lived at rural Ardwick Green, Manchester, He married Catherine Eccles of Macclesfield. He visited America in 1794. They had three sons and two daughters. John the first son was a calico printer, James was the third son. They lived in Ardwick Green.
Edmund Potter was the son of James. He lived with his wife Jessica Crompton of Lancaster, in Greenheys, Manchester. In 1842 they moved to Dinting Lodge, Glossop. . He was the first Edmund Potter of the Dinting Vale Printworks, which he ran with Charles Potter, the son of his uncle John. Later the partnership was dissolved and Charles moved to Darwen where he became a printer of wallpaper. Edmund had seven children and two are of note. Edmund succeeded his father in the business in 1862, and Rupert became a barrister. Rupert's two children, Walter Bertram Potter and Beatrix Potter were both artists of some renown.
Calico printing.
Calico used to be printed from wooden blocks, was heavily taxed and suffered from labour relation problems. Potter mechanised the process. He became the largest printer of calico in the world. The firm merged with other rival companies to form the Calico Printers' Association in 1899, which in 1948 printed of calico.
Benevolence.
Edmund Potter was a very strong believer that everyone should receive an education. In 1885 he built a reading room and library, well stocked with books and papers in his work's yard for his workers. When he bought the nearby Dinting Mill from the Wagstaffes, he used the upper floor as a dayschool for both boys and girls and for some of his young part-time workers. The lower floor was used to extract the black dye from logwood, and the mill subsequently became known as Logwood mill.

</doc>
<doc id="18387663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387663" title="Sego, Utah">
Sego, Utah

Sego is a ghost town in Grand County, Utah, United States. It lies in the narrow, winding Sego Canyon, in the Book Cliffs some north of Thompson Springs. Formerly an important eastern Utah coal mining town, Sego was inhabited about 1910–1955. The town is accessed via the grade of the Ballard & Thompson Railroad, a spur from the Denver and Rio Grande Western built by the founders of the town to transport the coal.
History.
Henry Ballard, one of the founders of Thompson Springs, discovered an exposed vein of anthracite coal here in 1908 while exploring the many canyons of the Book Cliffs. He quietly bought the land and began to hire local laborers to mine the coal. The coal camp was naturally called "Ballard".
By 1911 Ballard had sold out to a Salt Lake City businessman named B.F. Bauer, who formed a corporation called American Fuel Company. The company began to expand mining operations far beyond Ballard's unambitious scale, installing a modern coal tipple and the first coal washer west of the Mississippi River. The Ballard & Thompson Railroad company organized in 1911, its officers including Bauer and Ballard, and started to construct a spur line from Thompson to Ballard. In its five-mile run up the winding canyon, the rail line crossed the stream thirteen times. American Fuel Company also developed the town, renamed "Neslen" during the railroad construction for the mine's new general manager, Richard Neslen. Soon a company store, boarding house, and other buildings went up, each with its own water system. Neslen was a fairly typical company town, but in addition to building numerous company houses, mine owners took the unusual policy of allowing miners to build their own cabins wherever they chose. Shacks and dugouts dotted the canyon. When the railroad was completed in 1912, Neslen was granted its own post office. Coal began shipping in October 1912, most of it going to the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad. The next year the Ballard & Thompson became a subsidiary of the D&RGW.
The town's most serious problem, almost from the beginning, was a diminishing water supply. The water table was dropping, the creeks and springs drying up. One summer the water slowed to such a trickle that the coal washer could not even operate. Paradoxically, the railroad was plagued by excessive water, flash floods frequently damaging the bridges and trestles. The small train that served the mine was off the track as much as one fourth of the time. By 1915 profits were low to nonexistent, and paydays very irregular. Like many mines, the company tried to enforce a system where miners were paid in scrip redeemable only at the company store. Miners who dared to shop in Thompson, where prices were half those at Neslen, were threatened with the loss of their jobs. The miners went on strike in April 1915, not having been paid in five months. Many of them returned to work with the company still owing them back pay. Employment was scarce in the region, and in October 1915 wages were cut by 12–20%. Frustrated by the mine's unprofitability, Bauer forced a corporate reorganization in 1916. Richard Neslen was replaced, and the company renamed "Chesterfield Coal Company". The town's name was also changed in 1918, this time to "Sego" for the sego lily, Utah's state flower, which grew abundantly in the canyon. The reorganization didn't solve the company's financial difficulties, however. Sego's miners were never paid regularly until they joined the United Mine Workers in 1933.
Some sources claim Sego's population grew as high as 500, but the United States Census during the town's heyday in the 1920s and 1930s doesn't bear this out. In 1920 the census count was 198, and in 1930 just over 200. Still, Sego was one of the major Grand County towns during this period.
Railroad.
The closest railroad connection to Sego was the Denver & Rio Grande Western in Thompson Springs. Because of this, a new railroad was incorporated on July 15, 1911 to connect the town of Sego with the D&RGW. Called the Ballard & Thompson Railroad, the line never owned its own equipment, and relied on the Rio Grande for all motive power. Later on, in 1913, the railroad fell into the ownership of the D&RGW.
The branch starts at the D&RGW tracks on the northwest end of Thompson, enters Thompson Canyon, and veers through a cut along Sego Wash up Sego Canyon to the townsite. A wye was built at Thompson Springs to facilitate the turning of the steam locomotives, the grade of which is still visible.
Passenger service to Sego was almost nonexistent, although a small gas-mechanical railbus, which was owned by the coal company, was used for a short time. The train would pause in front of the Sego schoolhouse before continuing on to the mine, which considerably disrupted scholarly activities when school was in session.
At the height of coal production, from 1920 to 1947, 800 tons of coal were being mined per day, with the D&RGW making as many as nine round-trips a month to the town.
When the railroad was abandoned in 1950, the owners of the Sego mine constructed a truck ramp in Thompson to load coal directly into the railroad cars. The ramp and much of the grade, as well as three of the many single-span trestles crossing the wash, still exist, the first two miles being paved for use as an access road to Thompson's water supply. The trestles are in a dangerous condition and cannot be crossed.
Decline.
By 1947 production costs exceeded income, and the company decided to close down. The miners that once had numbered 125 had been reduced to just 27. These remaining miners pooled their resources, and with the backing of two banks bought out the Chesterfield Coal Company assets. Organized under the name "Utah Grand Coal Company", the miners hoped to keep the mine operating. Indeed, their first year was very successful. Then fire destroyed the tipple in 1949, and another serious fire the next year burned more equipment. The final blow came when the railroad converted to diesel locomotives, virtually eliminating the demand for coal. The Utah Grand sold its holdings in 1955 to a Texas company that intended to explore for oil and natural gas. Homes were moved to Thompson, Moab, and even Fruita, Colorado, and the schoolhouse was taken to Thompson. Sego was gone. There was a flash flood in the 1950s that wiped out the rest of the miners that still worked there. Not many homes were left standing, and one was partially collapsed from a boulder falling on top of it.
The stone company store, boarding house, and many foundations and dugouts still remain. An underground coal seam fire has continued to burn here for decades, and smoke still rises from deserted mine shafts. Another severe flash flood in the early 1980s, known as the "Hundred Years' Flood" by locals, removed most of the remaining trestles and left the rest unsafe. The wooden boarding house collapsed some time between October 2009 and April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18387673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387673" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Kyrgyzstan)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Kyrgyzstan)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (, ) is the Kyrgyz government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Kyrgyzstan.

</doc>
<doc id="18387678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387678" title="Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana 2006">
Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana 2006

The Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana 2006 pageant was held on October 17, 2005. Only 22 candidates competed for the national crown. The chosen winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss International 2006 pageant which was held in Tokyo. The first runner up represented the country in Miss Mesoamerica. The second runner up represented the country in Reina Nacional del Café. The third runner up represented the country in Miss Atlantico. The fourth runner up represented the country in Reina Mundial del Banano. The fifth runner up represented the country in Miss Tourism Queen International 2006. The rest of the finalists entered different pageants.

</doc>
<doc id="18387720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387720" title="Academic publishing in China">
Academic publishing in China

Today in China, there are more than 8,000 academic journals, of which more than 4,600 can be considered scientific. About 1,400 cover health science (medicine and public health).
Journals.
Most scientific journals in China are supported by federal, regional, or local governments. Some scientific journals are owned by professional associations. There are very few privately owned scientific journals. Some journals — mainly those supported by the national government — are regarded as high-prestige journals, and authors preferentially select these journals for their best papers. Lists of those top journals can be found at http://www.periodicals.net.cn, http://www.tydata.com, and http://www.cnki.net/. Such top-tier journals include the 67 journals published by the Chinese Medical Association. Those journals and most other academic journals are indexed by major indexing services in China.
Most scientific journals in China are published monthly, bimonthly, or quarterly.
A few are published twice a month. The average time to publication is 14.1 months. Most journals are available only in print form or only in electronic form. Most scientific journals in China are published in Chinese; a few have English translations of abstracts for research articles. Some 189 scientific journals are published in English, of which 29 are health-science journals.
Most articles published in English-language scientific journals in China are indexed by Science Citation Index and Engineering Index.
Most scientific journals in China are not published in English, which has meant that much of current scientific development in China is not readily available to non–Chinese-speaking scientists. 
In 1999, only 661 Chinese journals were indexed in the international index systems:<br>
Science Citation Index: 13<br>
Engineering Index: 96<br>
Index of Science and Technology Programs: 110<br>
Science Abstracts: 117<br>
Center for Biophotonics: Science and Technology: 132<br>
Abstract Journal: 193 <br>
As of June 2001, 62 Chinese journals (44 in English) were indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded.
The impact factor of Chinese scientific journals is relatively low. In 1999, the top-cited journal—"Mining and Geologica Sinica"—had an impact factor of 1.487, and the average number of citations per article published in the Chinese journals covered by Science Citation Index was 0.326. One reason for the low impact factor is that Chinese scientists tend to use relatively few references in their publications (average, 6.6 references per article). A second reason is that scientists in China, like those in other countries, prefer to publish their best papers in major or top English-language journals. In fact, for such purposes as promotion to senior positions, Chinese scientists must have published in Western journals. According to the Institute of Science and Technology of China, the number of articles written by Chinese scientists and published in non-Chinese journals increased from 13,134 in 1995 to 24,476 in 1999—a 95% increase.
Initiatives.
Chinese colleges and universities have few scientific-writing courses, so improvement in scientific writing is slow. Most first-time authors writing in Chinese for publication in China usually follow the format used in the journal to which they are submitting their manuscripts.
To improve scientific publishing in China, the government has instituted initiatives to improve scientific writing. A format for scientific and technical reports, degree theses, and scientific papers has been developed (GB7713-87). The recommendations closely follow international standards, including using the "structured abstract" for biomedical research articles. By supporting standards set by the government and international bodies, it is hoped that health science journals improve their scientific communication.
A few books about biomedical writing have now been published in China. Also, a program, based in China, to teach biomedical writing and editing has been established with grants from the China Medical Board of New York. The purpose of this program, which began in 1996, is to increase publication of Chinese and other Asian research in English-language biomedical journals both by providing instruction in biomedical writing and by developing editors at the researchers' institutions.
Typically the writing courses have focused on the "introduction" and "discussion" sections of articles prepared for health-science journals in China. The introduction section of the paper has tended to be incomplete, so editors and readers do not understand the point of the paper. Editors envisage the introduction as being rather like a funnel, beginning with what is known about the particular problem, leading to what is unknown and important to find out, and ending with the objectives of the research. Chinese authors typically begin the discussion with a reiteration of well-known knowledge, with little attempt to indicate how their research adds to the body of knowledge. The discussion section rarely discusses the limitations of the research.
Typical Chinese manuscripts contain few references. Although that may be a long-standing tradition in Chinese publishing, it also may occur because many university and local libraries in China lack extensive collections of world literature, most articles posted on the World Wide Web are not in free-access scientific journals, and, there is generally low awareness of international websites that provide free access to journals, such as Health InterNetwork Access to Research Initiative (HINARI; http://www.healthinternetwork.org/scipub.php) and the Directory of Open Access Journals (http://www.doaj.org).
Access to journal articles is a continuing problem in China. The government intends to expand free or inexpensive Web access to journals for all scientific researchers and that researchers can be more informed of open access sites, especially those associated with the Budapest Open Access Initiative (http://www.soros.org/openaccess).

</doc>
<doc id="18387724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387724" title="Ruslan Valeyev">
Ruslan Valeyev

Ruslan Valeyev (; born 31 October 1981, Odessa, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union, now Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Career.
Club.
Ruslan Valeyev got his first football training at the youth team of Chornomorets. However in 1998 he moved to Germany to continue his training with the Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach, where he trained alongside his friend Andriy Voronin. From there, in 2000, he moved to play in the Eredivisie, for De Graafschap. Ruslan spent 5 years with the team, amassing 129 caps and scoring 16 goals. In the 2002/03 season he suffered an injury sidelining him for a part of the season, in which time De Graafschap were relegated to the Eerste Divisie. He stayed with the team for the next season, helping the team return to the Eredivisie. The following season was not as good for Ruslan, as he only managed one goal n 18 appearances. The club was again relegated to the Eerste Divisie. Valeyev had offers from a few clubs in the Eredivisie but chose to sign a one-year contract with FC Emmen who were playing in the Eerste Divisie. After a good first season he signed another one-year contract. Valeyev played for Emmen in 54 games and managed to score 4 goals. In July 2007, Ruslan Valeyev moved back to play for his home club Chornomorets, where his younger brother Rinar Valeyev is also a player. Ruslan is yet to play an official game for the senior team, spending most of the season playing for the reserves.
International.
Valeyev was capped 20 times for the Ukraine Under-20 team, scoring 3 goals, as well as playing 6 times and scoring one international goal for the Ukraine national under-21 football team. He was a member of the Under-19 team that finished second at the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship in 2000. He also participated in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship tournament in Argentina, reaching the Round of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="18387734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387734" title="Wood-burning stove">
Wood-burning stove

A wood-burning stove is a heating appliance capable of burning wood fuel and wood-derived biomass fuel, such as wood pellets. Generally the appliance consists of a solid metal (usually cast iron or steel) closed fire chamber, a fire brick base and an adjustable air control. The appliance will be connected by ventilating stove pipes to a suitable chimney or flue, which will fill with hot combustion gases once the fuel is ignited. The chimney or flue gases must be hotter than the outside temperature to ensure combustion gases are drawn out of the fire chamber and up the chimney. Many wood-burning stoves are engineered such that they can be converted to multi-fuel stoves with the addition of a grate.
Operation.
Air supply.
Keeping the air flowing correctly through a wood-burning stove is essential for safe and efficient operation of the stove. Fresh air needs to enter the wood compartment to provide oxygen fuel for the fire; as the fire burns, the smoke must be allowed to rise through the stove pipes, and exit through the chimney. To regulate air flow, there are damper devices built into the stove, flue, and stove pipes. 
By opening or closing the dampers, air flow can be increased or decreased, which can fan the fire in the wood compartment, or "dampen" it by restricting airflow and reducing the flames. The dampers can usually be accessed by turning a knob or a handle attached to the damper, found outside the stove or stovepipe. One of the uses of the dampers is to increase airflow into the wood compartment to raise flames and thus the temperature of the stove, to temporarily create a high heat for cooking.
High heating efficiencies on closed appliances can only be attained by controlling the supply of air to the fire chamber (operating the air control correctly). It is not recommended to leave the air control fully open, except when helping the chimney/flue heat up initially. A fully open air control will lead to more heat being sent straight up the chimney rather than into the room (which reduces efficiency). The biggest problem with leaving the air control fully open is “overfiring”. Overfiring is caused when too much heat is generated within the fire chamber, which will lead to warping, buckling and general damage to the stove and its internal components. Individual stoves will have their own quirks, so it is necessary to learn each new stove's settings.
Modern building techniques have created more airtight homes, forcing many stove manufacturers to recommend that their stoves be installed with outside air intake. Outside air ensures that stoves will run more efficiently, and also removes the need for cold air for the combustion process to pass through the living space, thus reducing "draughts", and improving comfort of the occupants. These designs are called "room sealed stoves" or "external air supply stoves."
Fuel.
Hardwood or softwood.
Firewood is sometimes purchased in English-speaking countries in a quantity called a cord. Each cord of firewood is 128 cubic feet of stacked firewood. A "standard cord" of stacked firewood has dimensions of 8 feet long, 4 feet high and 4 feet deep. Firewood is purchased by the cord, or by a fraction of a cord. Alternatively, it may be bought by the weight or by volume. The best fuels are oak wood, ash wood and beech wood, when well seasoned and cut small enough to fit into the grate of the stove.
When purchasing, cutting, or collecting firewood, it is crucial to be aware of the difference between hardwood and softwood. Both hardwood and softwood have the same energy content (by mass) and will provide similar energy outputs. However, the essential difference will be in the rate at which the fuel burns. Hardwoods derived from slow-growing broadleaf trees such as oak and ash will burn at a slower rate, resulting in sustained output. Softwoods are derived from evergreen trees such as conifers, which are fast growing. They burn at a far faster rate. A disadvantage of softwood is that it creates more soot and other deposits on the inside of the wood stove, chimney, and flue therefore requiring more frequent cleanings.
The difference in practical use is significant, and it is important to take it into account for both heating and cooking purposes. Hardwood is most often preferred for heating since it burns over a longer period, and produces a consistent temperature as it burns. Hardwood also creates a greater amount of ash as it burns, producing a bed of ash coals, which help retain heat as firewood burns. Softwood, in contrast, is often preferred for cooking, since it burns quickly and produces high heat. Hardwood and softwood may be used together in a woodstove to accomplish both heating and cooking purposes by adding softwood on top of hardwood that is already lit. Softwood is also used for kindling.
Moisture content.
Dry wood produces more usable heat than wet wood, since the energy contained in evaporated water is lost up the chimney. Freshly cut wood (known as green lumber) has a high moisture content. Green wood of ash trees contains 35% moisture and green poplar contains 65% moisture. Apart from producing very low heat outputs, the flame temperature is also reduced. This causes unburned creosote. Creosote leaves the burning wood as a gas, and cools to a liquid in the chimney, where it collects on the interior. This oily liquid coats the inside of the chimney and stove pipes. It collects soot and other combustion particulates. A build up can reduce the draft (airflow) in the chimney. The chimney soot can then be ignited by rising embers, causing a chimney fire. 
For best results firewood should have a moisture content of less than 20%. The process of removing the excess moisture is called seasoning. Seasoning by air-drying the wood can take up to two years. Wood is dried in outdoor well-ventilated covered structures. With interest and usage of wood burners at an all-time high, some companies are now using large kilns to quickly dry their wood.
Multi-fuel models.
Multi-fuel stove designs are common in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Europe. They burn solid fuels only, including wood, wood pellets, coal and peat. They are typically made of steel or cast iron. Some models are also boiler stoves, with an attached water tank to provide hot water, and they can also be connected to radiators to add heat to the house.
There are also stove models that can switch from wood fuel to oil or gas sources that are installed in the house to supply heat to a separate water boiler. Stoves that readily convert to either oil or gas in addition to wood fuel have been manufactured in North America and Europe since the early 20th century, and are still manufactured. In some models, the oil or gas may fuel the stove through a pipe connection leading to a "pot burner" in the rear of the firewood compartment in the stove.
Catalytic and non-catalytic stoves.
As the temperature of the burning fuel/air mixture above the fire falls, the combustion process ceases. This means that the combustion gases often have both oxygen and fuel remaining uncombined in them. The combustion process can be continued at a much lower temperature in the presence of a catalyst. This reduces atmospheric pollution and may add to efficiency depending on the layout.
Catalytic wood stoves have a catalytic device built into the stovepipe. The catalyst is held in a honeycomb metal lattice that re-ignites smoke from the fire as it rises to exit through the flue. In this way, the smoke itself becomes an additional source of fuel, which not only results in fewer emissions but improves heating efficiency. 
Often it is possible to retrofit a catalytic converter to older stoves models. However, a major drawback with catalytic converters is that (as when fitted to automobiles) they have a limited life before needing to be replaced. More modern wood stoves are designed from the outset with an integral secondary combustion chamber. This mixes exhaust gases (smoke and particulates) with preheated fresh air and thus re-burns otherwise wasted fuel. The end result is similar, with much reduced emissions and increased fuel efficiency; stoves utilizing this design are often marketed as clean-burning stoves and exempted from smoke control regulations.
Pyrolysing stoves.
In a conventional stove, when wood is added to a hot fire, a process of pyrolysis or destructive distillation begins. Gases (or volatiles) are evolved which are burned above the solid fuel. These are therefore the two distinct processes going on in most solid fuel appliances. Air has to be admitted both below the fuel and above the fuel to enable complete combustion and to maximise efficiency. The correct balance is difficult to achieve in practice and many woodburning stoves only admit air above the fuel as a simplification. Often the volatiles are not completely burned resulting in energy loss, chimney tarring and atmospheric pollution.
To overcome this, the pyrolysing stove has been developed. The two processes go on in separate parts of the stove with separately controlled air supplies. Most stoves designed to burn wood pellets fall into this category. 
Most pyrolysing stoves regulate both fuel and air supply as opposed to controlling combustion of a mass of fuel by simple air regulation as in traditional stoves.
The pelleted fuel is typically introduced into the pyrolysing chamber with a screw conveyor
This leads to better and more efficient combustion of the fuel. 
The technology is not actually new, it has been used for decades in industrial coal fired boilers intended to burn coal with high volatile content.
Safety and pollution considerations.
Safety.
Correct air flow and ventilation are also critical to efficient and safe wood burning. Specific requirements will be laid down by the stove manufacturer. Legal requirements for new installations in the UK can be found in Building Regulations Approved Document J, Section 2, Table 1 "Air Supply to solid fuel appliances"
The safe operation of a wood-burning stove requires regular maintenance such as emptying ash pans (containers) beneath the wood grate. Routine cleaning of the stove pipes and chimney is also needed to prevent chimney fires. Creosote and soot gradually build up in stove pipes and chimneys. This can damage the chimney and spread fire to the surrounding structure, especially the roof. When soot blocks the airflow through the stove pipes or chimney, smoke can back up in the stove pipes and into the house through the stove. 
The basic principle of controlling combustion by reducing the air supply means that very often there is a reduction zone/conditions within the stove. This means that carbon dioxide is often "reduced" to carbon monoxide, which is highly poisonous and must not be allowed to escape into the home. 
This can occur if the stove or chimney has not been cleaned or there is insufficient ventilation.
Carbon monoxide detectors or alarms should always be installed according to manufacturers' recommendations where a wood stove is in use. Smoke detectors do not detect carbon monoxide.
Fuel accelerants such as coal, grease, oil, gasoline, kerosene, plastics, and so on, also must never be added to firewood in a wood stove, since the flames produced may easily overwhelm the wood compartment and stove pipes and create a house fire.
UK smoke control areas.
Under the United Kingdom's Clean Air Act, local authorities may declare the whole or part of the district of the authority to be a smoke control area. It is an offence to emit smoke from a chimney of a building, from a furnace or from any fixed boiler if located in a designated smoke control area. It is also an offence to acquire an “unauthorized fuel” for use within a smoke control area unless it is used in an “exempt” appliance (“exempted” from the controls which generally apply in the smoke control area). The current maximum level of fine is £1,000 for each offence.
In order to comply with the Clean Air Act in "smoke control areas", an exempt appliance or fuel must be used.
US pollution control requirements.
The United States Clean Air Act requires that wood stoves be certified by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). These devices meet a particulate emissions standard of no more than 7.5 grams per hour for non-catalytic wood stoves and 4.1 grams per hour for catalytic wood stoves. Washington State has stricter requirements of a maximum of 4.5 grams per hour. However, the EPA has had no mandatory emission limits for pellet stoves, indoor or outdoor wood boilers, masonry stoves and certain types of wood stoves that are exempt from EPA regulation. EPA is developing new regulations and in 2013, these will begin to come into effect, establishing mandatory emission limits for almost all wood-burning appliances (fireplaces, chimeneas, and some other special appliances will still be exempt).
Justa stoves, rocket stoves and haybox stoves.
In some places, such as the Caribbean, Central America and South America, many houses have wood-burning stoves that are used indoors without any means of proper ventilation. Smoke stays in the house, where it is breathed in by the residents, harming their health. Nearly 2 million people are killed each year by indoor air pollution caused by open-fire cooking, mostly women and children, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). The cutting of large amounts of firewood also endangers local forests and ecosystems. 
Non-governmental organizations (NGOs) such as Rotary International are actively assisting homeowners in constructing more fuel-efficient and safe wood-burning stoves. One design is called the Justa stove, Just stove, Ecostove, or La Estufa Justa. Justa stoves are made out of such materials as adobe, cement, and pumice, with chimneys. Other wood-burning stoves types are also being introduced to these communities, such as rocket stoves and haybox stoves. A rocket stove is up to 30% more fuel efficient than a Justa stove, but a small portable rocket stove (for cooking) does not have a chimney and is suitable for outdoor use only. Bigger rocket stoves are connected to chimney or flue-exhaust pipe. The haybox stove is another outdoor wood-burning stove. Haybox stoves use straw, wool, or foam as an insulator, reducing fuel use by up to 70%.
Use in Europe.
Italy is one of the biggest markets for wood-burning stoves in Europe, having around 30% of all homes using wood for some heat. This means about 5 million homes have a wood fuelled stove or cooker.

</doc>
<doc id="18387749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387749" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Laos)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Laos)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Laos. The current Minister of Foreign Affairs is Deputy Prime Minister H.E. Dr. Thongloun Sisoulith. The Ministry's main offices are located in Vientiane.
Organization.
Departments of the Ministry include:

</doc>
<doc id="18387757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387757" title="Sun Long">
Sun Long

Sun Long (; was a Chinese landscape painter active during the early Ming Dynasty (1368–1644). His specific dates of birth and death are not known, though he was active during the Xuande era.
Sun was born in Piling (毗陵 modern day Changzhou in the Jiangsu province). His style names were 'Tingzhen' (廷振) and 'Congji' (從吉). His pseudonym was 'Douchi' (都痴). Sun painted landscapes, but also was well known for his plum, locust, and grass paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="18387768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387768" title="The Velvet Touch of Lenny Breau – Live!">
The Velvet Touch of Lenny Breau – Live!

The Velvet Touch of Lenny Breau – Live! is a live album by Canadian jazz guitarist Lenny Breau, first released in 1969.
History.
After Breau's major-label debut, "Guitar Sounds From Lenny Breau" was issued the previous year on RCA, producer Chet Atkins arranged for this live recording in Los Angeles. Session bassist Carol Kaye was in the audience and stated in an interview: The tapes from the three-night engagement were taken back to Nashville where Atkins, Danny Davis and Ronnie Light prepared them for release.
Despite the enthusiasm for the live show, the album sold poorly and was barely mentioned in the music press at the time. Breau was later quoted as saying, "When I initially recorded, I didn't feel ready—I wanted to practice for another 10 years first." He also felt RCA did not sufficiently promote the release. It was 10 years before Breau released another solo album.
"The Velvet Touch" was re-released on CD by One Way Records in 1994. It is currently out of print.
Reception.
Music critic Paul Kohler of Allmusic wrote "His ability to play chords, melody, and a bassline simultaneously has to be heard to be believed."

</doc>
<doc id="18387791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387791" title="Lyceum-The Circle Historic District">
Lyceum-The Circle Historic District

The Lyceum-The Circle Historic District is a historic district in Oxford, Mississippi that includes eight buildings and several monuments lining University Circle which surrounds "The Circle" on the campus of the University of Mississippi. The university was established as the flagship institution of the state and generations of leading families' sons and daughters studied here. 
The district is significant for its association with the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s, led by African Americans, and for the increasing role the Federal government took to enforce change. In Mississippi there was both official and informal resistance to court-ordered desegregation of the university in the fall of 1962. The confrontation resulted in intervention by the Federal government to protect the safety of citizens. Ole Miss was integrated by the enrollment of James H. Meredith on October 1, 1962, which was followed by riots. The disturbances took place following court decisions for integration of public institutions, during the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s. It was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark on October 7, 2008, although this may not have been announced publicly until October 14.
Elements of the District.
Located at the center of the Ole Miss campus, the district contains eight academic buildings arranged on University Circle which encompasses an interior common area dubbed "The Circle," a historic site in the district. The eight buildings include the Lyceum Building, the Old Chemistry Building, the Croft Institute for International Studies (known as the "Y" Building at the time of desegregation and earlier as the "Old Chapel"), and Carrier, Shoemaker, Ventress, Bryant, and Peabody dormitory halls. The district also includes the flagpole in the center of The Circle, the Confederate Monument in The Circle, and University Circle.
Lyceum Building.
In the university's early days, the Lyceum Building was the only academic structure, housing a lecture hall, several classrooms, the faculty offices, a geological museum, and the library. The Lyceum is now the home of the university's administration offices, and its columned facade is represented on the official crest of the university, along with the date of establishment. Built in 1848 to the designs of architect William Nichols, the building is the oldest on campus, dating back to its foundation.
The Circle.
The Circle is surrounded by University Circle, a road designed for one-way traffic. The area contains oak and magnolia trees, pansies, and green grass. A metal flagpole stands at the center of the green and serves as a hub for the sidewalk paths through the area. Since the mid nineteenth century, The Circle has been the focal point and historic core of the Ole Miss campus.
Flagpole.
The flagpole has stood in the center of The Circle since 1962. Its brick base was constructed in 2000. During the famous desegregation riots, a former Ole Miss football player climbed the pole in an effort to attract rioters' attention and convince them to go home.
Confederate Monument.
Occupying the same position in The Circle since 1906, the Confederate Monument contains a sub-column fashioned in the likeness of a castle containing the inscription "To Our Confederate Dead, 1861-1865, Albert Sidney Johnston Chapter 379 U.D.C." and a Confederate soldier looking off into the distance with a rifle at his side. It is often jokingly referred to by the Ole Miss and Oxford communities as the "second place trophy."
University Circle.
University Circle is a wide roundabout with outlets between the "Y" Building and Bryant Hall, and on either side of the Lyceum, providing access to other parts of the campus.
Old Chemistry Building.
The Old Chemistry Building, now designated as Brevard Hall, was built in 1923. During the desegregation riots on September 30, 1962, students broke into the building and aimed Molotov cocktail bombs at federal and civilian vehicles parked around The Circle.
Carrier Hall.
Carrier Hall was one of several buildings students searched for riot material in 1962. Branching off from the two-story main section is a rear section connected by two covered passageways. This section also contains two stories and is slightly inset and setback from the main section.
Shoemaker Hall.
During the 1962 riots, four-story Shoemaker Hall was under construction, and students used construction materials including loose bricks, metal conduit pipes, and a bulldozer to attack federal officers. The dorm hall was the site of one of the two fatalities associated with the riots.
Ventress Hall.
Two-story Ventress Hall, built in 1889, appears in a famous photo of James Meredith walking in the commencement procession on August 18, 1963.
"Y" Building.
The Croft Institute for International Studies, known as the "Y" Building at the time of desegregation and earlier as the Old Chapel, harbored many people escaping the tear gas and the general melee in 1962. Others crowded into the Y to watch United States President John F. Kennedy's televised speech regarding the desegregation of Ole Miss.
Bryant Hall.
After housing the university's library from 1911 to 1952, Bryant Hall has been home to the Fine Arts Center and the departments of Philosophy, Religion, and Classics. During the riots, much of the battle was fought in front of the hall.
Peabody Hall.
During the riot, Peabody Hall offered people a safe harbor from tear gas. While trapped in the building, faculty member Russell Barrett documented the riot.

</doc>
<doc id="18387799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387799" title="Intelligence Failure">
Intelligence Failure

Intelligence Failure is the eighth studio album of the actor Viggo Mortensen and seventh with the avant-garde guitarist Buckethead, released on 2005. The album combines traditional and original compositions, as well as clips of public speeches, most notably of George W. Bush and members of his administration. The album also features the producer, and keyboardist Travis Dickerson as well as Viggo's son, Henry Mortensen, who has regularly performed with his father, and Walter Mortensen.
According to Viggo Mortensen when talking about the album he says:
The album is dedicated to Casey, and Cindy Sheehan, their family, and all citizens in U.S.A. The label TDRS Music made available an excerpt of the song "What kind of Nation" from the album to be downloaded from their webpage.
Credits.
Viggo added the names of George W. Bush and members of his administration to the credits of the album because he used speeches that they made, not that they performed on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18387805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387805" title="University of Arkansas System Division of Agriculture">
University of Arkansas System Division of Agriculture

The University of Arkansas System Division of Agriculture is the primary research and information support agency for the agricultural sector in Arkansas and also conducts statewide programs in support of environmental sustainability; 4-H, youth, family and community development; food safety and security; and human nutrition and health.
The Division's research function is the primary responsibility of the Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station. Public education and the transfer of appropriate technologies is the primary mission of the Cooperative Extension Service. AAES and CES faculty and staff work together and with other agencies to serve Division stakeholders.
The Division has over 1,650 faculty and staff members, including about 250 with PhD degrees in Agricultural Experiment Station and Cooperative Extension Service units on five university campuses, at five regional centers, seven research stations, nine specialized units and in all 75 Arkansas counties.
The Division of Agriculture is responsible for carrying out the land-grant university missions of research and service in agriculture and related areas for the University of Arkansas System. Research and extension faculty work with colleagues in other states, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and in other countries to develop, study, evaluate and extend current and emerging technologies. They also work closely with community, county and state agencies and with organizations and industry groups that represent its stakeholders.
Organization.
The Division has five major research and extension program areas:
• Agriculture Production and Processing
• Environmental sustainability
• Food safety and security
• Health and nutrition
• 4-H, youth, family and community development
Administration: The University of Arkansas System's Vice President for Agriculture is responsible for the Division of Agriculture and reports to the President of the University of Arkansas System. Three Associate Vice Presidents for Research, Extension and Academic Programs report to the Vice President. Programs are organized under the following departmental structure with department and unit heads who report to the associate vice presidents:
• Agricultural Economics
• Agricultural Education, Communications and Technology
• Animal Science
• Biological and Agricultural Engineering
• Crop, Soil, and Environmental Sciences
• Entomology
• Food Science
• Forest Resources
• 4-H and Youth Development
• Horticulture
• Human Environmental Sciences
• Plant Pathology
• Poultry Science
Division of Agriculture faculty, staff and facilities support academic programs on University of Arkansas campuses in Fayetteville, Monticello, Pine Bluff and Little Rock and at Arkansas State University in Jonesboro. The departmental structure for research and extension programs also encompasses graduate and undergraduate degree programs under the auspices of the respective campuses.
Division funding sources (2013) include: • State Appropriations 57.0%
• Federal Appropriations 9.1%
• County Appropriations 2.4%
• Federal Grants and Contracts 11.0%
• State Grants and Contracts 1.9%
• Private Grants and Contracts 10.8%
• Sales, Fees and Royalties, etc. 7.8%
Locations.
Division faculty and facilities are housed on University of Arkansas campuses in Fayetteville, Little Rock, Monticello and Pine Bluff and at Arkansas State University in Jonesboro. They are also based at the following locations.
Research and Extension Centers with resident faculty and facilities for lab and field research. 
• Arkansas Agricultural Research and Extension Center, Fayetteville
• Rice Research and Extension Center, Stuttgart
• Northeast Research and Extension Center, Keiser
• Southeast Research and Extension Center, Monticello
• Southwest Research and Extension Center, Hope
Research Stations and Extension Centers have resident staff to assist faculty from other Division of Agriculture locations with field research and extension projects.
• Fruit Research Station, Clarksville
• Livestock and Forestry Research Station, Batesville
• Lon Mann Cotton Research Station, Marianna
• Lonoke Extension Center
• Newport Extension Center
• Pine Tree Research Station, Colt
• Newport Research Station, Newport
• Rohwer Research Station
• Vegetable Research Station, Alma
Associated Research and Extension Units
• Judd Hill Plantation
• National Agricultural Law Center
• Soil Testing and Research Laboratory
• Leland Tollett Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory
• C.A. Vines Arkansas 4-H Center
Centers of Excellence
• Arkansas Forest Resources Center
• Center of Excellence for Poultry Science
History.
The origins of the Division of Agriculture are found in the 1871 charter of the Arkansas Industrial University, now the University of Arkansas. The university was established at Fayetteville under the Morril Land-Grant Colleges Act of 1862. The original Board of Trustees resolved that:
... the leading object shall be—without excluding other scientific and classical studies and including military tactics, to teach such branches of learning as are related to Agriculture and Mechanical Arts in order to promote the liberal and practical education of the industrial classes in the several pursuits and professions of life...(and)...To prosecute experiments for the promotion of agriculture and horticulture.
The Agricultural Experiment Station, College of Agriculture and Cooperative Extension Service were established in 1888, 1905 and 1914, respectively, in keeping with the three-part Land-Grant mission of the University of Arkansas. The agricultural research and extension programs were statewide in scope from the beginning. Extension headquarters were in Little Rock, and several branch experiment stations were established.
In 1959, the U of A System's Board of Trustees established the Division of Agriculture as a statewide entity of the University System in order to strengthen statewide research and extension programs in response to growth in the economic importance and complexity of the agricultural sector. The organizational structure provides for direct appropriation to the Division of Agriculture by the state Legislature of funds for research and extension administered by the Division of Agriculture as an equal partner to the campuses and other units in the University System.
References.
Strausberg, Stephen. 1989. A Century of Research, Centennial History of the Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station. Special Report 136. Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station, Division of Agriculture, University of Arkansas, Fayetteville.
Zellar, Gary, and Nancy Wyatt. 1999. History of the Bumpers College, Evolution of Education in the Agricultural, Food and Life Sciences in Arkansas. Special Report 194. Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station, Division of Agriculture, University of Arkansas, Fayetteville.

</doc>
<doc id="18387811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387811" title="Wang Fu (painter)">
Wang Fu (painter)

Wang Fu (); ca. 1362-1416 was a Chinese landscape painter, calligrapher, and poet during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Wang was born in Wuxi in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Mengduan' (孟端)and his pseudonyms were 'Youshi (友石), Jiulong shanren (九龙山人), and Aosou' (鳌叟). Wang's painting followed the style of Wang Meng and Ni Zan. Wang also painted ink bamboo works in a free and uninhibited style.

</doc>
<doc id="18387827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387827" title="Krupp Diamond">
Krupp Diamond

The Elizabeth Taylor Diamond is a stone, formerly known as the Krupp Diamond, sold at Christie's on 16 December 2011, for US$8,818,500, by the estate of Dame Elizabeth Taylor. Welsh actor Richard Burton gave the stone to the British-American actress in 1968 after acquiring it at auction for US$305,000, during the fourth year of their first marriage.
Description.
The Elizabeth Taylor Diamond is an Asscher cut diamond with a fairly large culet facet, indicating it was likely cut before the 1920s, when culet facets were being phased out. A report (1132411262) dated 9 May 2011 from the Gemological Institute of America states that the diamond is D colour, VS1 clarity; accompanied by a diagram indicating that the clarity may be potentially internally flawless.
There is a supplemental letter from the Gemological Institute of America stating that the diamond has been determined to be a Type IIa diamond. Type IIa diamonds are the most chemically pure type of diamond, and often have exceptional optical transparency. Type IIa diamonds were first identified as originating from India, particularly from the Golconda region, but have since been recovered in all major diamond-producing regions of the world. Famous examples of Type IIa diamonds are the 530.20 carat Cullinan I and the 105.60 carat Koh-i-noor.
The supplemental letter from the GIA is accompanied by a monograph from the Gemological Institute of America which features additional photographs, data collection charts and gemological research which details the rarity of the Elizabeth Taylor Diamond
History.
The diamond was originally named after the Krupp family of German industrialists, and it was sold as part of the estate of Vera Krupp (1909-1967), second wife of Alfried Krupp.
Elizabeth Taylor wore the Krupp Diamond as a ring, and called it her favourite piece. The Krupp Diamond and other famous pieces of jewellery in Taylor's collection became part of Taylor's image. After Taylor's death, the stone was renamed "The Elizabeth Taylor Diamond." 
The diamond is often incorrectly credited with an appearance on the Here's Lucy episode "Lucy Meets the Burtons" in 1970. The ring that appeared in that episode was actually the pear shaped Taylor-Burton Diamond. Lucy Carter (played by Lucille Ball) found the 69.42 carat (13.88 g) ring and got it stuck on her finger. Lucy ends up having to substitute her own hand for Miss Taylor's at a press party held to show off the ring. This was the highest rated episode of the popular series and earned an Emmy nomination for comedy writing. Ball, the Burtons and the ring appeared on the cover of TV Guide on 5 September 1970. Taylor often wore her own jewellery including The Krupp Diamond in films, television movies and personal appearances when she considered it appropriate.
On 16 December 2011, the diamond (renamed The Elizabeth Taylor Diamond by her estate) was sold on auction by Christie's for US$8,818,500 (including buyer's premium), to the South Korean conglomerate E-Land, setting a record price per carat US$265,697 for a colourless diamond.

</doc>
<doc id="18387828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387828" title="Semantic mapping (statistics)">
Semantic mapping (statistics)

The semantic mapping (SM) is a dimensionality reduction method that can be used in a set of multidimensional vectors of features to extracts few new features that preserves main data characteristics. SM perform dimensionality reduction by clustering the original features in semantic clusters and combining features mapped in the same cluster to generate an extracted feature. Given a data set, this method construct a projection matrix that can be used to mapping of data element from one high dimensional space into reduced dimensional space. The SM can be applied in construction of text mining and information retrieval systems, as well as systems managing vectors of high dimensionality.
The SM is an alternative to random mapping, principal components analysis and latent semantic indexing methods.

</doc>
<doc id="18387835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387835" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Burma)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Burma)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (, , 'MOFA') is a ministry in the Burmese government responsible for the country's foreign policy and relations with other nations. It also operates embassies and consulates in 29 countries. It was headed by foreign affairs minister Nyan Win, who replaced Win Aung in September 2004 after a cabinet reshuffle.

</doc>
<doc id="18387851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387851" title="Vera Kublanovskaya">
Vera Kublanovskaya

Vera Nikolaevna Kublanovskaya ("nee" Totubalina; November 21, 1920 – February 21, 2012) was a Russian mathematician noted for her work on developing computational methods for solving spectral problems of algebra. She proposed the QR algorithm for computing eigenvalues and eigenvectors in 1961, which has been named as one of the ten most important algorithms of the twentieth century. This algorithm was proposed independently by the English computer scientist John G.F. Francis in the same year.
Kublanovskaya was born in 1920 in Krokhona, a small village near Belozersk in Vologda Oblast, Russia. She studied mathematics at Leningrad State University and joined the Leningrad Department of Steklov Institute of Mathematics of the USSR Academy of Sciences in 1948 where she worked her entire life. In her first years at the institute from 1948 to 1955, her scientific research related to nuclear reactors under the supervision of Leonid Kantorovich. Thereafter she defended her candidate's thesis, "The Application of Analytic Continuation in Numerical Methods of Analysis" in 1955. In 1972, she defended her doctoral thesis, "The Use of Orthogonal Transformations in Solving Problems of Algebra."

</doc>
<doc id="18387861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387861" title="Robert G. Clark, Jr.">
Robert G. Clark, Jr.

Robert G. Clark, Jr. (born October 3, 1928) is an American politician from the state of Mississippi. Clark was born in Mississippi and he received his undergraduate degree from Jackson State University and a Master's Degree in Administration and Educational Services from Michigan State University.
Clark was elected to the Mississippi House of Representatives in 1967. He was the first African American elected to the Mississippi State Legislature since the Reconstruction era. In 1977 he became the first black committee chairman in the Mississippi House of Representatives. He was named to head the all-important Education Committee, a position he held for ten pivotal years of change and reform in Mississippi's educational system. He was at the helm of the Education Committee when the House passed the highly acclaimed 1982 Education Reform Act, as well as the 1984 Vocational Education Reform Act.
In January 1992, he was elected as Speaker Pro Tempore. He was re-elected to that position at the start of the 1996 session and again re-elected at the start of the 2000 session. When he retired from the Mississippi House of Representatives in December 2003 he was the longest-serving member in continuous House service. He was succeeded in office by his son, Bryant W.Clark.
In 2004, Clark was again the first when he became the first African American to have a Mississippi state building named after him. As a legislator Clark was known not as a politician but a statesman.

</doc>
<doc id="18387868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387868" title="De Kiekeboes">
De Kiekeboes

De Kiekeboes is a comic strip series created by Belgian artist Merho in 1977. The series appears in Dutch. It is first published in the newspapers "Gazet van Antwerpen" and "Het Belang van Limburg" and then published as comic books by Standaard Uitgeverij. The series is the best-selling comic in Flanders, but is unsuccessful abroad, with only a few publications in French and English.
History.
"De Kiekeboes" first started in 1977. Merho had previously worked with Willy Vandersteen but wanted to create his own series. The first story, "De Wollebollen", started in "Het Laatste Nieuws". on 15 February 1977.
New albums in the series appear every three months, and sell over 100,000 copies each. Like most Flemish comic strips, "De Kiekeboes" comics are steady sellers, with most of the series available for sale at any one time. New titles are the best selling comics in Flanders, with some 80,000 copies sold in the first year of publication. In 2007, only the Dutch translation of the final "Harry Potter" book sold more copies.
After being assisted for a while by Steve Van Bael and then by Dirk Stallaert, Merho announced that from 1 January 2006 on, the comics would be drawn by Steve Van Bael and Thomas Du Caju, who would each produce two comics a year. Merho continues to write the stories and to make early sketches.
To celebrate the thirtieth anniversary of the comic strip in 2007, an exposition was held in the Belgian Centre for Comic Strip Art and a wall painting was unveiled in Antwerp. Statues of Kiekeboe and of his daughter Fanny are placed in Middelkerke. Another statue of Kiekeboe can be found in Halle-Zoersel.
Characters.
Ordered by approximate number of appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="18387894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387894" title="Magic (Jorma Kaukonen album)">
Magic (Jorma Kaukonen album)

Magic is a live Jorma Kaukonen album containing performances of acoustic songs from Jefferson Airplane and Hot Tuna albums recorded during his solo tour of 1984. After a brief reunion tour in 1983 with Hot Tuna, Jorma had continued to play solo and eventually landed a contract with Relix Records. In addition to releasing Kaukonen's new solo recordings, Relix also released live Hot Tuna recordings from the 70s, with the albums "Splashdown" and "Historic Live Tuna". In 1995, Michael Falzarano remastered the album and produced a new version that Relix released as the CD "Magic Two".

</doc>
<doc id="18387909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387909" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Ethiopia)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Ethiopia)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Amharic: የኢትዮጵያ የውጭ ጉዳይ ሚኒስቴር) is the Ethiopian government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Ethiopia. 
__NOTOC__
The current ministry was established 23 August 1995 with the passing of Proclamation 4-1995, which also established the other 14 original Ministries. Its organizational structure includes: a Minister, two State Ministers, eight Cabinet of the Minister, 13 General Directorate, and 42 Diplomatic Missions abroad. The current Minister of Foreign Affairs is Deputy Prime Minister Haile Mariam Desalegne, who received his portfolio following the 2010 general elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18387916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387916" title="Serhiy Politylo">
Serhiy Politylo

Serhiy Politylo (born 9 January 1989 in Novovolynsk, Volyn Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk in the Ukrainian Premier League. He was promoted to the senior side from Chornomorets Reserves in November 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18387919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387919" title="Albertson v. Robeson">
Albertson v. Robeson

Lessee of Albertson v. Robeson, 1 U.S. 9 (1764) is a decision of a Pennsylvania Provincial Court, issued when Pennsylvania was still an English colony. It is among the first decisions that appear in the first volume of United States Reports. 
Colonial and Early State Court Cases in the United States Reports.
None of the decisions appearing in the first volume and most of the second volume of the United States Reports are actually decisions of the United States Supreme Court. Instead, they are decisions from various Pennsylvania courts, dating from the colonial period and the first decade after Independence. Alexander Dallas, a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania lawyer and journalist, had been in the business of reporting these cases for newspapers and periodicals. He subsequently began compiling his case reports in a bound volume, which he called “Reports of cases ruled and adjudged in the courts of Pennsylvania, before and since the Revolution”. This would come to be known as the first volume of "Dallas Reports." 
When the United States Supreme Court, along with the rest of the new Federal Government, moved in 1791 to the nation’s temporary capital in Philadelphia, Dallas was appointed the Supreme Court’s first unofficial and unpaid Supreme Court Reporter. (Court reporters in that age received no salary, but were expected to profit from the publication and sale of their compiled decisions.) Dallas continued to collect and publish Pennsylvania decisions in a second volume of his Reports, and when the Supreme Court began hearing cases, he added those cases to his reports, starting towards the end of the second volume, “2 Dallas Reports”. Dallas would go on to publish a total of 4 volumes of decisions during his tenure as Reporter. 
In 1874, the U.S. government created the United States Reports, and numbered the volumes previously published privately as part of that series, starting from the first volume of Dallas Reports. The four volumes Dallas published were retitled volumes 1 - 4 of United States Reports. As a result, decisions appearing in these early reports have dual citation forms; one for the volume number of the United States Reports, and one for the set of reports named for the reporter (called nominative reports). For example, the complete citation to "Lessee of Albertson v. Robeson" is 1 U.S. 9 (1 Dallas 9) (1764).
Decision.
As with many of Dallas’s early reports, his report of the this case is incomplete, and invites as many questions as it answers. For instance, Dallas’s report does not reveal which court issued this decision. This appears to be the decision of a trial court, rather than an appellate court, such as the Pennsylvania Provincial Supreme Court. The decision of the court holding that proposed testimony constitutes hearsay, and the discussion of the court’s charge to a jury, are consistent with the evidentiary and jury decisions that a trial court would typically make. An appellate court might review a trial court’s decision, but it typically does not make evidentiary decisions in the first place, nor would it give a charge (or instruction) to a jury. 
The plaintiff’s age was apparently at issue in the case, and the plaintiff offered the testimony of his brother, who offered to testify regarding their parents’ statements regarding the plaintiff’s age. The court refused to admit this testimony, ruling that it constituted inadmissible hearsay.
The underlying dispute, as with so many early colonial cases, was over ownership of land, but Dallas’s report does not specify where in the Pennsylvania colony it was located. The defendant (presumably, Robeson) relied on a colonial Chancery Court decree as evidence of his title to the land. However, the Pennsylvania Provincial Act creating the Chancery Court had been repealed by the King and the Council. (King George and his Council often repealed acts of colonial legislatures, especially those acts creating instruments of independent government, or otherwise asserting the rights of colonists.) The Chancery Court’s decree regarding the disputed title had been issued after the King and Council had repealed the Act, but before notice of such repeal reached Pennsylvania. The issue, therefor was whether the Act was effectively repealed by the date when the Chancery Court issued its decree. If it was repealed, then the Court was without legal existence, and its decree would be meaningless. If, however, the Act creating the Court was not considered repealed until notice of that repeal reached Pennsylvania, then the Chancery Court decree was still valid, and supported the defendant’s title to the land. 
Dallas’s report indicates that the trial Court instructed the jury that the Act was not nullified until notice of that nullification was received in Pennsylvania. The jury then agreed, determining that the Chancery Court decree was valid, and finding for the defendant. 
Precedent's effect.
"Lessee of Albertson v. Robeson" would be cited into the latter half of the 19th century for the proposition of the law of evidence that testimony regarding a parent’s statements about the birthdate or age of that parent’s child constituted hearsay. It would also be cited as authority for a court, when the passage of a statute is questioned, to look beyond the printed statute, to the circumstances surrounding its passage. Toward that end, the journals of Congress, the various state legislatures, and the British House of Lords are admissible as evidence of their proceedings. 

</doc>
<doc id="18387933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387933" title="Willard City School District">
Willard City School District

Willard Cty School District is a public school district serving students in the city of Willard, Ohio, United States. The school district enrolls 1,777 students as of the 2012-2013 academic year.

</doc>
<doc id="18387942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387942" title="Land of the Sun (song)">
Land of the Sun (song)

Land of The Sun is one of the last recordings, if not the last known recording by Alexander "Skip" Spence, a founding member of Moby Grape, whose promising career was largely ended as of the mid-1970s, due to schizophrenia, compounded with drug addictionand alcoholism. Spence died of lung cancer in 1999, at the age of 52, after many years of transient accommodation, third party care and homelessness. 
History.
The song, recorded in 1996, was originally released in 1999 by Sundazed Records as a 7 inch vinyl single, along with another rare Spence recording from 1972, "All My Life (I Love You)".
The song is notable as an example of Spence's efforts in the latter part of his life to overcome his severe challenges. The song was commissioned for inclusion in the spinoff soundtrack to the X-Files, Songs in the Key of X, but was not used. 
The song is included as a hidden track on "", being a tribute album by Beck, Tom Waits, Mudhoney and others to Spence's only solo album, "Oar", released in 1969. As described by Raoul Hernandez, "(i)t's Spence himself, who died at the age of 52...who saves the back end of "More Oar" with the mumbled, spacey, bongo madness of "Land of the Sun." A hidden bonus track deemed unworthy of 1996's X-Files spinoff, Songs in the Key of X, "Land of the Sun" brings "More Oar" full circle...(to) bookend an obscure chapter of rock & roll history that is finally becoming public record." 

</doc>
<doc id="18387991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18387991" title="Broken Hearted Me">
Broken Hearted Me

"Broken Hearted Me" is a song written by Randy Goodrum, originally recorded by England Dan & John Ford Coley in 1978, and later covered by Canadian country and pop music singer Anne Murray. It was released in September 1979 as the first single from her album "I'll Always Love You". The song reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in December, and was the third chart-topper for her during the year.
Chart success.
"Broken Hearted Me" was Murray's fourth No. 1 single on the country chart, and seventh overall on the American music charts (counting "You Needed Me", which topped the Billboard Hot 100 in 1978, and "Snowbird" and "Danny's Song", both of which reached the top of the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart).
In addition, "Broken Hearted Me" just missed the Top 10 on the Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at No. 12. Three of her other singles — "A Love Song", "I Just Fall in Love Again" and "Daydream Believer" — also reached the same summit on the Hot 100.On the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary Singles chart, "Broken Hearted Me" spent five weeks at No. 1 during the late fall of 1979. In doing so, Murray had her fifth No. 1 AC hit.
In her home country, the song reached #15 on the Canadian Pop chart; #3 on the Adult Contemporary chart; and it became Murray's twelfth #1 song on the Canadian Country chart.
Cover versions.
Hong Kong pop singer Alan Tam included a Cantonese version of the song called "情不變" (English: "Love Without Change") in his 1987 album "Portrait on the Wall".

</doc>
<doc id="18388012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388012" title="Wang Guxiang">
Wang Guxiang

Wang Guxiang (Wang Ku-hsiang, traditional: 王谷祥, simplified: 王谷祥); ca. 1501-1568 was a Chinese landscape painter during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Wang was born in Changzhou in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Luzhi' and his sobriquet was 'Youshi'. Wang specialized in landscapes and bird-and-flower paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="18388041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388041" title="Euroleague MVP of the Week">
Euroleague MVP of the Week

The Euroleague MVP of the Week is the award given to the Euroleague's player of the week. In order to win the award, a player must have the highest PIR stat among all players of the week's winning teams. Only one game is taken into account in determining the award, as Euroleague teams only play one game a week in the Euroleague competition.
Criteria.
The award is not voted on by anyone. It is determined by a statistical formula, called either the Performance Index Rating, or the Performance Index Ranking (PIR) by the Euroleague, and also known as either Evaluation or Valuation, in some European domestic basketball leagues. 
The Performance Index Rating also includes the Blocked Shots Against stat (the number of field goal attempts that a player has blocked). The stat's formula is (Points + Rebounds + Assists + Steals + Blocks + Fouls Drawn) - (Missed Field Goals + Missed Free Throws + Turnovers + Shots Rejected + Fouls Committed). The Performance Index Rating stat is not commonly used by the NBA or FIBA. The Performance Index Rating (PIR), is not the same stat as the NBA Player Efficiency (EFF), or the John Hollinger Player Efficiency Rating (PER) or Game Score stats, although it is often mistaken to be.
Prior to the Euroleague 2011-12 season, the award was given to the player that had the week's highest PIR score. However, starting with the Euroleague 2011-12 season, the award's criteria were changed; with the award to go to the player from a winning team, who had the week's highest PIR score. So, a player could have the league's highest PIR score for that week, but not win the weekly MVP award, if his team lost their game that week.
2000-01.
Regular Season
Playoffs
2001-02.
Regular Season
Top 16
2002-03.
Regular Season
Top 16
2003-04.
Regular Season
Top 16
2004-05.
Regular Season
Top 16
Playoffs
2005-06.
Regular Season
Top 16
Playoffs
2006-07.
Regular Season
Top 16
Playoffs
2007-08.
Regular Season
Top 16
Playoffs
2008-09.
Regular Season
Top 16
Playoffs
2009-10.
Regular Season
Top 16
Playoffs
2010-11.
Regular Season
Top 16
Playoffs
2011-12.
Regular Season
Top 16
Playoffs
2012-13.
Regular Season
Top 16
Playoffs
2013-14.
Regular Season
Top 16
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18388051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388051" title="Greinton (horse)">
Greinton (horse)

Greinton (March 5, 1981 – September, 2010) is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won on grass courses in France and set two track records on dirt at Hollywood Park Racetrack in the United States. He was named for the village of Greinton in Somerset, England.
Greinton was bred by prominent Greek businessman and major horseracing owner/breeder, Stavros Niarchos. He was trained in France by Francois Boutin and made his racing debut on July 10, 1983 at Saint-Cloud Racecourse. Ridden by French-based American jockey Cash Asmussen, Geinton earned his first win then, with Asmussen aboard, made four more starts at age two and three, winning three and finishing second twice.
Stavros Niarchos sold Greinton in mid 1984 to American interests led by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame trainer, Charlie Whittingham. Based in California, his victories there included three Grade I races and he set new track records for 1 mile and 1¼ miles at Hollywood Park Racetrack.
With his victory aboard Greinton in the Hollywood Gold Cup on June 23, 1985, jockey Laffit Pincay, Jr. became the second jockey in history to earn more than $100 million in career purses. Race caller Trevor Denman said that Greinton's 1986 Santa Anita Handicap victory was one of the most memorable races he has ever called. CalRacing.com - April 21, 2006
Retired to stud in the United States, in 1992 Geinton was purchased by Wolfgang Struebel owner of EPONA stud farm for his breeding operation in Germany. His offspring have met with modest success in racing. Greinton is still the fastest living miler and in 2009 the oldest active stud in Europe.
He died September 2010 at Görlsdorf Stud, Germany, where he stood since 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18388052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388052" title="Fishing bait">
Fishing bait

Fishing bait is any substance used to attract and catch fish, e.g. on the end of a fishing hook, or inside a fish trap. Traditionally, nightcrawlers, insects, and smaller bait fish have been used for this purpose. Fishermen have also begun using plastic bait and, more recently, electronic lures, to attract fish.
Studies show that natural baits like croaker and shrimp are more recognized by the fish and are more readily accepted. Which of the various techniques a fisher may choose is dictated mainly by the target species and by its habitat. Bait can be separated into two main categories: artificial baits and natural baits.
Artificial baits.
Using lures is a popular method for catching predatory fish. Lures are artificial baits designed to resemble the appearance and/or the movement of prey, usually small fish. The lure may require a specialised presentation to impart an enticing action as, for example, in fly fishing. A common way to fish a soft plastic worm is the Texas Rig.
Natural baits.
The natural bait angler, with few exceptions, will use a common prey species of the fish as an attractant. The natural bait used may be alive or dead. Common natural baits include worms, leeches (notably bait-leech "Nephelopsis obscura"), minnows, frogs, salamanders, and insects. Natural baits are effective due to the lifelike texture, odour and colour of the bait presented. Cheese has been known to be a very successful bait due to its strong smell and light colours.
Worms.
The common earthworm is a universal bait for fresh water angling. Grubs and maggots are also excellent bait when trout fishing. Grasshoppers, bees and even ants are also used as bait for trout in their season, although many anglers believe that trout or salmon and many other fresh water fish roe is superior to any other bait. In lakes in southern climates such as Florida, USA, fish such as bream will take bread bait. Bread bait is a small amount of bread, often moistened by saliva, balled up to a small size that is bite size to small fish.
Most common earthworm species, such as "Lumbricus terrestris", which can often be dug up in the garden, are eminently suitable for freshwater fishing. However, on a commercial scale they are not really candidates for worm farming for providing fishing bait. The greyish brown common earthworms are deep burrowing ("anecic") and do not readily breed in the shallow worm farm bins. The red compost worms, such as the well known red wiggler or the exotic European nightcrawler, are better candidates, as they are epigeic or surface dwellers. This is the reason that red worms are more usually available commercially for bait worms. Their natural home is just below the surface in rotting leaves, dung heaps and other plant litter. They are called detritivourous because they eat detritus (waste material).
The larger species, the European nightcrawler is much sought after for fishing bait as it tolerates near freezing water and is one of the few earthworms suitable for salt water fishing. These worms can grow up to 7 inches in length, but usually are between 3 to 4 inches long. Worm farmers also offer other worm species for bait, depending on availability, which usually depends on the prevalent climatic conditions.
Spreading disease.
The capture, transportation and culture of bait fish can spread damaging organisms between ecosystems, endangering them. In 2007, several American states, including Michigan, enacted regulations designed to slow the spread of fish diseases, including viral hemorrhagic septicemia, by bait fish. Because of the risk of transmitting "Myxobolus cerebralis" (whirling disease), trout and salmon should not be used as bait.
Anglers may increase the possibility of contamination by emptying bait buckets into fishing venues and collecting or using bait improperly. The transportation of fish from one location to another can break the law and cause the introduction of fish alien to the ecosystem.

</doc>
<doc id="18388053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388053" title="Chris Eylander">
Chris Eylander

Chris Eylander (born March 14, 1984 in Sumner, Washington) is an American soccer player who is currently a free agent.
Career.
Youth and College.
Eylander had an outstanding youth career. He won the 1998, 1999 and 2000 Washington State youth soccer championship with his club team, Federal Way United Storm '83. He attended Auburn Riverside High School where he was the 2002 Washington State Player of the Year. He then attended the University of Washington, playing on the men’s soccer team from 2002 to 2005. During his college career, Eylander would spend each summer with a Premier Development League team. In 2002 and 2003, he played with the Seattle Sounders Select, in 2004 with the Spokane Shadow and in 2005 with the Yakima Reds.
Professional.
In 2006, the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division selected Eylander with their pick in the USL First Division College Draft. He played 23 games his first season with the Sounders and twenty-seven in 2007 as Seattle took the USL-1 championship. After much speculation, he eventually made the move 'up' to MLS expansion team Seattle Sounders FC, signing with them on January 6, 2009. He made his first start on April 18, 2009 after starter Kasey Keller was forced to sit out a game for a red card.

</doc>
<doc id="18388055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388055" title="Magic Two">
Magic Two

Magic Two is an expanded re-release of the live Jorma Kaukonen album, "Magic", containing performances of acoustic songs recorded during his solo tour of 1984. After Hot Tuna had released two new live albums in the early 90s on Relix Records ("Live at Sweetwater" and "Live at Sweetwater Two"), Michael Falzarano remastered and produced new versions of the previous vinyl releases Kaukonen had made for Relix in the 80s. "Magic Two" was the first remastered release.

</doc>
<doc id="18388061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388061" title="Xeer">
Xeer

Xeer, pronounced , is the polycentric legal system of Somalia. Under this system, elders serve as judges and help mediate cases using precedents. It is an example of how customary law works within a stateless society and closely resembles the natural law principle. Several scholars have noted that even though Xeer may be centuries old, it has the potential to serve as the legal system of a modern, well-functioning economy.
According to one report, the Somali nation did not begin with the common use of the Somali language by the clans, but rather with the collective observance of Xeer. Xeer is thus referred to as being both the father and child of the Somali nation. An analogous phenomenon is said to have occurred among the neighboring Oromo nation, which is now under Ethiopian rule.
Under Xeer, there is no authority that dictates what the law should be. The law is instead discovered by judges as they determine the best way to resolve a dispute. As such, the Somali nation by tradition is a stateless society; that is, Somalis have never accepted the authority of any central government, their own or any other. Under Xeer law, Somalia forms a kritarchy and conforms in many respects to natural law. The lack of a central governing authority means that there is a slight variation in the interpretation of Xeer amongst different communities. The laws that are widely accepted are called "xeer guud" and those particular to a specific community are referred to as "xeer tolnimo".
As with law systems in Western states, the Xeer legal system also demands a certain amount of specialization of different functions within the legal framework. Thus, one can find "odayal" (judges), "xeer boggeyaal" (jurists), "guurtiyaal" (detectives), "garxajiyaal" (attorneys), "murkhaatiyal" (witnesses) and "waranle" (police officers) to enforce the law.
History.
The Xeer legal system is assumed to have developed exclusively in the Horn of Africa since approximately the 7th century. There is no evidence that it developed elsewhere or was greatly influenced by any foreign legal system. The fact that Somali legal terminology is practically devoid of loan words from foreign languages suggests that the Xeer is truly indigenous.
Xeer remained the only foundational system of justice and public order for Somalis until the arrival of Europeans in the late 19th century. After nearly a century of trade ties stemming from European exploration and maritime access to the Indian sub-continent, Britain and Italy established more permanent settlements in Somali territory with the formation of the British Somaliland protectorate in 1886 and Italian Somaliland in 1893.
The two European authorities imported their own national legal systems, but the degree to which the latter applied to the Somali clans varied depending on the purpose and aim of each of the foreign powers. The British, who were principally interested in securing the flow of cattle supplies to Aden in Yemen just across the Red Sea from the Somali lands, were content to rule indirectly. The Italians, on the other hand, established significant settlements in the south.
In British Somaliland, the judicial system included the Protectorate Court responsible for all penal matters, first- and second-class district courts, and Kadis Courts. Indirect rule there imposed a more coherent set of laws by explicitly distinguishing between the various jurisdictions of customary, sharia and state statutory legal systems. The 1898 Principal Order-in-Council recognized that Somalis were bound by customary law. The 1937 Kadis Court Ordinance and the 1947 Subordinate Court Ordinance recognized the application of sharia to issues including marriage, divorce, family relationships, personal material responsibilities, and inheritance. By contrast, cases in which the British administration held particular interest were subject to the jurisdiction of the Common Law, Somaliland Ordinances, applicable UK laws, and the Indian Penal Code, as applied at the high court and district courts. Together with limited legal training for Somalis, this served to instill adherence to a common law judicial system in the northern Somali regions.
By contrast, in Italian Somaliland, the Italian civil and penal codes were adopted. However, at first they were applied particularly to foreign nationals rather than Somalis. According to Law No. 161 (5 April 1908), the Italian authority instead recognized Somalis as subject to customary law and sharia, and Royal Decree No. 937 (8 June 1911) established separate sharia courts to preside over Somali family and inheritance matters. By the end of the pre-independence period, however, both Somalis and foreign nationals were subject to a judicial system in three parts. Civil cases were heard by district, regional and appeals courts; penal cases were addressed by assize courts of first-instance and of appeal; and Somalis and other Muslims had access for family matters and minor civil disputes to be heard by qadi courts of first-instance and appeal. The supreme court heard appeals issuing from each of these subordinate courts, as well as deciding matters of jurisdiction between them.
Despite the obvious differences in the content of their laws and the distinctions between the British common law legacy in the north and the Italian civil law legacy in the south, the development of the judicial system in both areas was remarkably similar on three fronts. First, both administrations established the supremacy of codified and secular Western law, particularly for significant criminal matters. Second, however, both administrations allowed affairs between Somalis to be settled through customary xeer, at least when threats to the general public order were not concerned. Third, independent judicial mechanisms were established to apply sharia to family and minor civil matters. Overall, this judicial system
maintained a formal governance apparatus that was able to regulate, but not displace, the continued practice of Somali customary justice.
Contemporary use.
Xeer is most intact in Northern and Western Somalia; in the south, Italian authorities attempted to eradicate it during the pre-independence period. Nonetheless, it survives to a large extent everywhere, even in urban areas, and it remains virtually unchanged in the countryside. The 4.5 million Somalis living in the Ogaden reportedly solve 90% of their disputes with the first court that is formed under Xeer law. Ethiopian authorities often intervene in the remaining 10% of cases, though they usually fail to solve the dispute in a way satisfying all parties. Another Xeer court is consequently formed, perhaps with more judges, and the dispute is finally settled using the customary Somali legal system.
Even during the Siad Barre administration, Somalis were making use of Xeer where authoritative intervention by the state did not interfere.
The autonomous Somaliland macro-region of Somalia has also attempted to incorporate Xeer into its government by appointing 25 elders into the upper house of parliament. This has done little to convince many of the citizens of the legitimacy of the central government. Even though there are statutes permitting taxation, taxation is still illegal under the Xeer. Citizens facing up to tax collectors quickly call their judges to peacefully settle the matter.
The primacy of customary law over the formal judicial system is ubiquitous across Somalia:
Rights under the law.
Law and, consequently crime, are defined in terms of property rights. The law is compensatory rather than punitive. Because property rights requires compensation, rather than punishment, there is no imprisonment, and fines are rare. Such fines as might be imposed seldom exceed the amount of compensation and are not payable to any court or government, but directly to the victim. A fine might be in order when, for example, the killing of a camel was deliberate and premeditated, in which case the victim receives not one but two camels. Fines figure in another interesting way. It is expected that a prominent public figure such as a religious or political dignitary or a policeman or a judge should lead an exemplary life. If he violates the law, he pays double what would be required of an ordinary person. Also, since the law and crime are defined in terms of property rights, the Xeer is unequivocal in its opposition to any form of taxation.
Some shortcomings of Xeer that have been cited include the occasional suspension of individual liberties for the sake of communal stability. For example, women are not allowed to speak at Xeer hearings, though they are ultimately protected under the law. People who have migrated to locations far removed from their homes can also find themselves without adequate representation at Xeer proceedings. Additionally, Xeer preferentially applies to groups within the existing Somali clan system. As with civil law, the Somali customary law is also vulnerable to instances of crime and violence. In general, however, Xeer is respected by the people, with many expressing confidence in its ability to maintain societal order in times of strife.
To address areas in need of change, the late Dutch legal expert Michael van Notten offers numerous solutions in his comprehensive study on Xeer, "The Law of the Somalis: A Stable Foundation for Economic Development in the Horn of Africa" (2005). In February 2009, an official conference in the northeastern Puntland region of Somalia also resulted in an agreement by local elders, who are the guardians of the customary law, to firm up on certain aspects of the Xeer so as to further protect the rights of vulnerable groups such as children, the disabled and women. Another conference was held over five days in July 2010, where the traditional leaders signed a declaration re-affirming their commitment to uphold human rights in their respective communities.
Separation of powers.
Somali customary law has a distinct separation between law and religion, however, sometimes it's similar to the Sharia depending on the actual case. Xeer in Somalia is similar to many Western secular states that separate religion and state. Xeer is used except in matters of family and inheritance, on which religion is paramount, in which case Somalis follow Sharia law. Though even in such cases if there is conflicting views between Xeer and Sharia, Xeer normally takes precedence. There is a Somali saying:
Which clearly shows how religion is a matter of a private, individual business, while the law is communal and public, subject to all.
Unlike Western states, however, Somali society surprisingly also makes a distinct separation between law and government. Whereas in most Occidental legal systems government officials determine and write the law, in the Xeer legal system government is expressly prohibited from interfering with the law.
To this effect, even though anyone can perform the duties of a judge if chosen to do so, no one acting as either a political or religious leader may be a judge.
Insurance.
In order to assure that compensation will be forthcoming even in cases where the perpetrator is a child, or penniless, or mentally ill, or has fled abroad, the Xeer requires that every person be fully insured against any liability he might incur under the law. If an individual cannot make the required payment, a designated group of his kin are responsible. Van Notten describes in an interesting way how this happens:
If the family tires of bailing out a repeat offender, they can disown him, in which case he becomes an outlaw "Dayro." Not being insured, he/she forfeits all protection under the law and, for his safety, must leave the clan territories or even the country. Customary law is similar in this and many other respects throughout the world.
Oday.
Every Somali has his own judge, appointed at birth, who will sit on the court that will judge him. That judge is his "oday", the head of his extended family consisting of all males descended from the same great grandfather, together with their spouses and children.
The oday, or judge, is chosen carefully, following weeks or months of deliberation by elders of the clan. He has no authority over the family but is chosen solely for his knowledge of human affairs and his wisdom, and he can lose his position if his decisions are not highly regarded in the community.
A virtue of each person knowing from birth who will be one of his judges, and vice versa, is that an oday knows each person in his extended family intimately and can observe and counsel him before what might seem to be a small problem escalates into a crime.
Clan structure.
The Somali are born into extended families or clans, which are politically independent. No clansman will accept being ruled by a member of another clan any more than he would accept being ruled by someone from his own clan. The clans may band together to form a "juffo", and the size increases.
A "jilib", which may number several thousand people, protects the rights of its members and engages in social and political activities as the need arises. A "jilib" consists of several extended families, which is the group responsible for paying the blood price in the event a member kills someone of another jilib or clan.
George Ayittey explains the dynamics of the clan structure as fluidic, depending on each individual Somali's needs:
Court procedure.
When an offense is committed, it is categorized in many ways: if it is related with blood it's criminal "Qoon or Qoomo," and if it's not related with blood, which could be – civil suit or conflict or disagreement on some thing – it becomes a "Garr." In a murder case, the offender flees to a safe place – including outside the country – to avoid prosecution or execution "Qisaas." However, if the case is not murder, the offender always goes first to his/her leader "oday," – "Oday" could be any leader or elder within the family or close relative – who then forms a court with the oday of the plaintiff. If the two odays cannot resolve the matter, they form another court made up of odays representing additional families, jilibs, or clans. According to xeer, it is incumbent upon the aggrieved clan to make the necessary investigations into an incident and determine the harm committed before presenting their case to other clans.
A case is always heard at the lowest level of the clan that is possible. This ranges from the "qoys" (nuclear family), up through the "reer" (closest relatives), "jilib" (first diya group), and "laaf" (sub-clan) to the "qolo" (clan). The elders chosen to act as judges over a dispute are known as "xeer beegti." The most senior xeer beegti within a qolo or clan becomes the personal legal adviser of the leader of the clan. For a given case, however, the xeer beegti are usually a mixed group drawn from the aggrieved clan, the offending clan and possibly a neutral, third-party clan if needed. Xeer cases prevent several different types of individuals from participating in dispute adjudication; persons who have close family relations with the parties, persons who have personal grievances against either party, and persons who have previously sat in judgment of the same case are all excluded. As mentioned before, religious and political leaders are also not allowed to be judges in a case.
Once a court is formed and has accepted jurisdiction over a case, its first action is to appoint a recorder who will memorize, repeat and summarize the oral proceedings for the elders. The court then announces when and where it will hear the case.
When the court session opens, the court invites the plaintiff to state his case. The plaintiff has the right to appoint a representative to make the presentation on his behalf. During the presentation, the plaintiff has the opportunity to confer with his family to make sure that he has not forgotten anything. When the plaintiff has finished, the court asks him to summarize his case and state his demands. Lastly, the court asks the defendant to present his defense and any counterclaims.
Then the court adjourns to deliberate on whether any witnesses should be heard. A disputed fact is admitted as evidence only when three witnesses have testified to its truth. The parties can also call in experts and character witnesses. If the victim has died or has been wounded, the court will instruct a religious dignitary to assess how the victim died or was wounded. These dignitaries assess injuries usually by applying the standards enumerated in the commentary of the 12th-century Muslim scholar al-Nawawii's Minhaaj at-Talibiin. When the plaintiff has elaborated his case with witnesses and evidence, the defendant is given a chance to refute the plaintiff's charges, arguments, and evidence. It is not customary to cross-examine witnesses.
Finally, the court adjourns again to evaluate the evidence. If less than three witnesses support a fact, or if the witnesses contradict each other, the court will proceed to oath taking. There are several types of oaths. The simplest starts by the oath giver saying, "I swear by my virility." Alternatively, he can say, "I swear by Allah," or sometimes put his right hand on the Qur'an. A stronger oath is the so-called triple oath, in which he swears the same oath of Allah three times. A stronger oath yet is one that is repeated 50 times which is participated by 50 members of the defendant's "Juffo or Jiffi"; this oath is taken when the victim is murdered mysteriously and the body is found in the territory of a clan which denies the crime, or if an accused defendant refuses the allegations. Also, there is the so-called divorce oath "Xila fur," in which the oath giver swears by his marriage(s). If it is later found out that he lied, his marriage(s) become null and void.
Even when the plaintiff fails to convince the court of his case, the court will usually not rule in favor of the defendant until the latter has taken an oath of innocence.
The final verdict is referred to as "garr" in Somali.
Local acceptance.
Many Somalis remain skeptical of any form of central authority and perceive the government's courts as unjust. In the words of a local Somali living in Garowe:
Most Somalis, progressive and conservative alike, still support this system. Many people believe that xeer is the justice system best suited to Somalia, a nation where the oral tradition of xeer and the emphasis on long-lasting relationships make it effective in a way that a more conventional system would perhaps not be. In the words of a program officer at a local non-governmental organization:
References.
Volume 2, Number 1: 87-110.

</doc>
<doc id="18388067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388067" title="Shelli Boone">
Shelli Boone

Shelli Boone is an American actress, most known for portraying Evan Reed in "Saints & Sinners". Other notable works include the independent films "Holla", "Crossover" and "Tied Up" and "Out the Gate".

</doc>
<doc id="18388070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388070" title="Ovariole">
Ovariole

An ovariole is one of the tubes of which the ovaries of most insects are composed. Typically an insect will have two ovaries. The constituent ovarioles lead to two oviducts, which converge into a single oviduct. The ovarioles are composed of a germarium and a set of ovarial follicles.
In "D. melanogaster".
In "Drosophila melanogaster", there are 16 ovarioles per ovary and there are 2 ovaries. The most anterior portion of the ovariole consist of the germarium, the location of germ line stem cells (GSC's), terminal filaments, cap cells and intergermarial sheath cells. The GSCs are what later on give rise to eggs. There are 14 distinct stages in the development of oocyte, and the progression in development occurs anterior to posterior along the ovariole. At the end of stage 14, the egg passes through the lateral oviduct before entering the common oviduct and then exiting via the uterus. 

</doc>
<doc id="18388073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388073" title="The Velvet Underground Playlist Plus">
The Velvet Underground Playlist Plus

The Velvet Underground Playlist Plus is a compilation album featuring tracks by The Velvet Underground, plus six solo tracks by singer, Nico. It was released on April 29, 2008.
Track listing.
Songs marked † are Nico tracks

</doc>
<doc id="18388086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388086" title="Antimelatoma">
Antimelatoma

Antimelatoma is a genus of predatory sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turridae, the turrids.
Species.
Species within the genus "Antimelatoma" include:

</doc>
<doc id="18388100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388100" title="Isaac V. Vanderpoel">
Isaac V. Vanderpoel

Isaac V. Vanderpoel (1814 Kinderhook, New York, Columbia County, New York - March 25, 1871 Buffalo, Erie County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician.
Life.
Isaac Vanderpoel was the son of Benjamin Vanderpoel. He was educated at Kinderhook Academy. Afterwards, he studied law at the office of J. & A. Vanderpoel at Kinderhook, New York, and in the office of Price & Sears at New York City. He was admitted to the bar in 1834, and commenced practice in Aurora, New York. From 1837 to 1845, he was Brigade Inspector of the 47th Regiment of the New York State Militia.
As a Democrat, he was New York State Treasurer from 1858 to 1859 and was defeated for re-election by Republican Philip Dorsheimer.
In January 1866, he formed a partnership with Grover Cleveland, which was dissolved in 1869 when Vanderpoel was elected a police judge.

</doc>
<doc id="18388101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388101" title="Wreaths at the Foot of the Mountain">
Wreaths at the Foot of the Mountain

Wreaths at the Foot of the Mountain () is a 1984 Chinese film about the life of the soldiers in a PLA army company before, during and after the Sino-Vietnamese War. It is based on the novel written by Li Cunbao, and directed by Xie Jin, starring Lü Xiaohe, Tang Guoqiang, Siqin Gaowa, Gai Ke and He Wei.
The film won the 5th Golden Rooster for Best Screenwriter, Best Leading Actor (Lu Xiaohe), Best Supporting Actor (He Wei) and Best Editing (Zhou Dingwen) in 1985. 

</doc>
<doc id="18388111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388111" title="Wang Lü">
Wang Lü

Wáng Lǚ (Wang Lü, traditional: 王履, simplified: 王履); ca. (1332-"unknown") was a Chinese landscape painter, calligrapher, poet and physician who was active during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644). His specific date of death is unknown.
Wang was born in Kunshan in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Andao' and his sobriquets were 'Jishou and Baodu laoren'. Wang's painting followed the style of Xia Gui. Some of his works included:

</doc>
<doc id="18388118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388118" title="Hennelly">
Hennelly

Hennelly is a surname common to County Mayo in Ireland. English language form of Gaeilge Ó hIonnghaile. Variant of Ó Fionnghaile of the personal name Fionnghal, which gave rise to Fennelly .
Origin.
The origin of the name stems from the owners of the Galway side mill on the black river (River bordering Mayo and Galway. One son inherited the mill while the other, angry over how he did not, built his own mill on the opposite side of the river in county Mayo. He then replaced the "F" in the name with a "H".

</doc>
<doc id="18388127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388127" title="Milk River Formation">
Milk River Formation

The Milk River Formation is a near- shore to terrestrial sedimentary unit deposited during the Late Cretaceous (late Santonian to early Campanian) in southern Alberta. It is equivalent to the marine Lea Park Formation of eastern Alberta, and the Eagle and Telegraph Creek Formations of north-central Montana, and to the upper part of the Niobrara Formation in Kansas. 
In Alberta, the Milk River Formation is subdivided into the Telegraph Creek, Virgelle, and Deadhorse Coulee Members. The formation has produced an extensive but little known vertebrate fauna (see Table). Radiometric dates place deposition of the Milk River Formation between ~84.5 Ma and 83.5 Ma (Payenberg et al. 2002).
Members.
There are some dinosaur remains from the Formation, but these are not very well known. A more concerted effort at locating specimens would undoubtedly produce many new taxa. 
Vertebrates.
Cartilaginous fishes.
Remains of an indeterminate lamnid genus and species are present.
Bony fishes.
Remains of Acipenseridae, Amiidae, Esocidae, indeterminate genera and species.
Squamates.
Indeterminate Anguidae and Xenosauridae genera and species.
Turtles.
Indeterminate Solemydidae and Trionychidae genera and species.
Dinosaurs.
Indeterminate Ankylosauridae, Aves, Ceratopsidae, Dromaeosauridae, Hadrosauridae, Nodosauridae, Ornithomimidae, Pachycephalosauridae, Protoceratopsidae, Thescelosauridae, and Tyrannosauridae genera and species.

</doc>
<doc id="18388143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388143" title="Euroleague individual statistics">
Euroleague individual statistics

This page details Euroleague individual statistical leaders since the 1991-92 basketball season. "Regular Season" stats leaders are not counted as the official league stats leaders in the Euroleague. Only "Full Season" stats leaders are counted as the official league leaders of the Euroleague. To qualify to be among the Euroleague stats leaders, a player must play in at least 51% of the possible games that can be played. Therefore, playing solely in the "Regular Season" phase of the Euroleague, does not qualify a player to be among the league's leaders.
1991-92.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
1992-93.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
1993-94.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
1994-95.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
1995-96.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
1996-97.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
1997-98.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
1998-99.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
1999-00.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
2000-01 FIBA SuproLeague.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
2000-01 Euroleague Basketball.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2001-02.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2002-03.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2003-04.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2004-05.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2005-06.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2006-07.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2007-08.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2008-09.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2009-10.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2010-11.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2011-12.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
2012-13.
Points per game:
Assists per game:
Rebounds per game:
Steals per game:
Blocks per game:
Average Index Rating:
By season.
Points Per Game.
Since the beginning of the 1991–92 season:
Rebounds Per Game.
Since the beginning of the 1991–92 season:
Assists Per Game.
Since the beginning of the 1991–92 season:
Steals Per Game.
Since the beginning of the 1991–92 season:
Blocks Per Game.
Since the beginning of the 2000–01 season:
Average Index Rating, Regular Season Leaders.
Regular season stats leaders are not counted as official league stats leaders.<br>
Since the beginning of the 2000–01 season:
Average Index Rating, Top 16 Leaders.
Regular season stats leaders are not counted as official league stats leaders.<br>
Since the beginning of the 2001–02 season:
Average Index Rating, Full Season Leaders.
Since the beginning of the 2000–01 season:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18388157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388157" title="Muger River">
Muger River

The Muger River is a north-flowing tributary of the Abay River in central Ethiopia, which is notable for its deep gorge. Its confluence with the Abay is at . Tributaries of the Muger include the Labbu. The Muger has a drainage area of about 8,188 square kilometers.
The Muger is important as a landmark because it marked the eastern boundary of the kingdom of Damot (before the Great Oromo migration forced that people across the Abay) and the western one of the district of Selale. Somewhere in the Guder-Muger valleys, the first recorded dinosaur fossil in the Horn of Africa was discovered in 1976. It was a single tooth of a carnosaur.
Notes.
The correct name of this river is the "Mujer River"

</doc>
<doc id="18388170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388170" title="Diocese of Auckland">
Diocese of Auckland

Diocese of Auckland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388177" title="Tommaso Campailla">
Tommaso Campailla

Tommaso Campailla (7 April 1668 – 7 February 1740) was an Italian philosopher and poet. 
He was born in Modica in 1668 from an aristocratic family. When he was sixteen years old he moved to Catania to study law, but in a short time he came back to his native town where he preferred to study as an autodidact. He got married and had children and was elected senator seven times. In spite of his particular look, he was appreciated for his vast culture and his great sensibility. 
In addition, he was a friend of the Arcadian poet Girolama Lorefice Grimaldi. Campailla was also a medical doctor, although as an autodidact. He fought syphilis rheumatism in a "modern" way, using the "guaiacum barrels" or "vapour stovens" that he had invented.
He died of apoplexy aged 72, on 7 February 1740.

</doc>
<doc id="18388180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388180" title="Dublin tramways">
Dublin tramways

Established by a number of companies, the majority of the system was eventually operated by forms of the Dublin United Tramways Company (DUTC), dominated for many years by William Martin Murphy. Most of the services ran within the city centre and near suburbs, with the majority of major suburbs served (and many of the remainder handled by mainline rail). Additionally, there were two longer-range services, one reaching the "excursion" destination of Poulaphouca Falls, and two services concerning Howth.
At its peak, with over of active line, the system was heavily-used, profitable and advanced in technology and passenger facilities, with near-full electrification complete from 1901. Heavy usage lasted from the late 19th century into the 1920s. The tram system was also central to the Dublin Lockout, which caused major distress within the city.
Elements of the system went out of service from the mid-1920s, in part overtaken by the bus. The decline of the trams accelerated in the 1940s and the last trams ran on 9 July 1949 in Dublin city and in 1959 on Howth Head, near Dublin.
History.
Background and legislation.
The tram concept arrived in Ireland in the early years of railway development, and the first related projects concerned attempts to link major city train stations with a "light railway". The legislation on this topic was the model for the first of the Irish "Tramways Acts" (which differed somewhat from those of England and Wales, or Scotland), the "Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860 (c. 152)". One feature of this law was that each establishment of a tramway operation required approvals including those of the Irish Privy Council, "and" an Act of the Imperial Parliament, onerous and expensive provisions. This and other provisions argued to be impractical led to modification by the "Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1861 (c. 102)".
The next relevant legislation was the Special Act, the "Dublin Tramways Company Act" of 1871, setting up the first company to actually deliver service, and the associated similarly named act of 1872, finalising initial routes and other rules. In parallel the main legislation was modified by the "Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act of 1871 (c. 114)". A further Dublin Tramways Act followed in 1876 (c. 65), and the "Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act of 1881 (c. 17)", provided for the formation of tramway ventures by way of simplified procedures. In the meantime, the "Relief of Distress Act of 1880" allowed for local authority support of tramway ventures (previously some provisions existed for such support for railways only).
From 1889, a new focus came to legislation on this topic, beginning with the "Light Railways Act" of 1889, also known as "Balfour's Act", which aimed to encourage tram-like or light rail systems in poorer areas, and increased the potential for government to support such projects. With more guarantees from local authorities, more light rail systems were developed, with Dublin's extensive network just part of a total of by 1906.
Formation.
The first Dublin trams were horse drawn. In the early years, there were several operators, including (with the abbreviations by which they were often known):
By 1880, with many of the major districts of Dublin being served by the above three tram companies, William Martin Murphy, a founding shareholder of the Dublin Central Tramways Company, founded the Dublin United Tramways Company (DUTC) in January 1881, with himself as manager, and his father-in-law as chairman, and arranged the merger of the three companies, uniting 32 "route miles" under DUTC control.
In 1878, the DSDTC was acquired by the Imperial Tramways Company, who in 1893 secured an Act of Parliament allowing them to purchase the BKT, and to use electrical and mechanical power. In mid-1896, the combined operation of these two companies, including the recently-acquired legal authority to use electricity, was sold to the British Thomson-Houston Company, which almost immediately in turn sold it to the DUTC
Electrification and peak operation.
Discussions towards electrification began in late 1890s, but this was opposed by Dublin Corporation among others. An American panel also opposed the overhead line in densely populated areas
The Dublin United Tramways Company, with the acquisition of the Dublin Southern Tramways, which had earlier the same year started the first electrical tram line in Ireland, reversed long-standing policy favouring horse-drawn trams, and, having reorganised as the Dublin United Tramways Company (1896) Ltd., proceeded with a rapid electrification. As part of a deal with Dublin Corporation, the DUTC agreed to pay them £500 per route mile for 40 years and a minimum of £10,000 per year when the system was fully electrified. Also included as part of the deal, the DUTC agreed not to charge more than 1 penny from the Pillar to any city boundary less than away.
By January 1901 the entire city system, which covered about to , was electrified while the system has 280 trams, including a special "Directors tram", which was used by William Martin Murphy among others to inspect the system . In 1911 the system had 330 trams
At its peak the system was known as technically innovative, and was described in 1904 as ""one of the most impressive in the world"", so that representatives of other cities from around the world would come to inspect it and its electric operation.
The Lockout.
In 1913 the Dublin tram system was central to the Dublin lockout when DUTC members walked off the job over the refusal of then DUTC chairman (and leading shareholder) William Martin Murphy to allow some workers to join the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union
Decline and closure.
The DUTC opened its first bus route in 1925, progressively replacing the trams until the closure of their last route, the No. 8 to Dalkey, on 10 July 1949. According to then Minister for Justice Seán Mac Eoin ""A force of 60 guards, including 2 superintendents, 1 inspector, 8 sergeants and 3 motor-cyclists were placed on duty over the route."" were unable to protect the last tram from damage by souvenir hunters Notably the ""Royal Commission on Transport, 1930"" actively advised against trams and for their replacement with buses.
Following the "Transport Act 1944", control of the DUTC was vested in the newly formed Coras Iompair Éireann (CIÉ). At the time the DUTC had 113 trams remaining 
The Hill of Howth Tramway was transferred to CIÉ in 1958 and closed on 31 May 1959. It was the last tram to run in Ireland until the Luas tram system opened in 2004.
Reasons for decline.
A number of factors combined in the decline of Dublin's tram system. The advent of buses and large scale competition meant that buses often ran the same routes as the trams and would jump in front in order to ""grab"" customers, while buses were able to move into Dublin's expanding hinterland quicker and at less cost that the trams, and the belief that trams were outdated and old technology all lead to declining use. Meanwhile, the DUTC's takeover of many bus operators left the DUTC with a large number of buses which were used and expanded to areas of Dublin with no tram service, and buses eventually became the DUTC's core business. There was a belief that buses were cheaper to run than trams and that the system was in a poor state of repair.
After closure.
After closure the system was still being discussed in the Dáil until at least 1960 when the issue of removal of the old tram tracks was raised.
Lines and companies.
The original tram-related legislation identified proposed lines by number, with a detailed route description, but these numbers were not widely used.
Dublin United Tramways Company.
In 1910 there were seventeen Dublin United Tramways Company (DUTC) routes, each identified with a different symbol (since 1903), and named for their terminus stations. Route numbers replaced the symbols from 1918, rising from 1 at Ringsend to 30 for Dollymount (and 31 for Howth, shared with another company) in a circuit around the city. Both the original routes and their numbers were the basis of the some of the later bus routes and numbers.
Non-DUTC operations.
The Dublin region had six other tram companies in the early 20th century, two operating back-to-back lines to Lucan and Leixlip, and two similarly in the direction of Blessington and Poulaphouca. The remaining two operated lines relating to Howth, one circuiting Howth Head and one connecting the DUTC system to Howth village and harbour. The Lucan and Leixlip lines were absorbed by the DUTC in 1927, and the coastal service to Howth was part-DUTC for many years.
Clontarf and Hill of Howth Tramroad.
The Clontarf and Hill of Howth Tramroad (C&HoHT), incorporated by a Private Local Act, having considered both a coastal route and one via Raheny, had a single line, from Dollymount to Howth Harbour, which opened on 26 July 1900. It operated as an extension of the DUTC lines and shared operation with the DUTC, providing a route from Nelson's Pillar to Howth. It remained legally independent until closure, being wound-up on 1 July 1941, but was operationally integrated with the DUTC, at least from the second decade of the century.
Dublin and Blessington Steam Tramway.
The Dublin and Blessington Steam Tramway (DBST), (1888–1932), which ran from Terenure to Blessington, at a length of and with a total journey time of 1 hour and 25 minutes. Although the DBST connected with the DUTC system at Terenure, through-running was not allowed, as Dublin Corporation prohibited the operation of steam trams within the city.
The line was actually one of the first proposed in Ireland, as the "Dublin and Baltinglass Tramway", but the costs of setting up operation under the early legislation were deemed prohibitive, and it was only after its promoters obtained the "Dublin Tramways Act, 1881" (c. 17 of that year) that work really started.
Dublin and Wicklow County Councils guaranteed this line, Kildare however, despite usage from the direction of Harristown (and Kilcullen and Ballymore Eustace) refused to be involved. It came under the administration of the Dublin County Surveyor in 1916, after years of profitable operation ended in 1914, and later under a Committee of Management. The potential inclusion of the line into the new Great Southern Railways entity was debated in the Dáil in 1924, but the government successfully opposed the idea. The DBST was closed by the "Dublin and Blessington Steam Tramway (Abandonment) Act, 1932", after years of being a burden on ratepayers, especially in the much more sparsely-populated Wicklow.
Blessington and Poulaphouca Steam Tramway.
The Blessington and Poulaphouca Steam Tramway (BPST), (1895–1927), was a extension of the DBST from Blessington to Poulaphouca, built and operated by a separate company.
Dublin and Lucan Steam Tramway.
In 1900, under a new Order in Council, the DLST was electrified and regauged from Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge to and renamed the "Dublin and Lucan Electric Railway Company" (D&LER).
Legally a railway, it was taken over and supported by the government during World War I under the Defence of the Realm Act (DORA). However, this ended in 1921 and facing increasing competition from the Tower Bus Co., the D&LER's financial position deteriorated.
In 1925, after their failure to be amalgamated into the GSR under the "Railways Act 1924", the line was closed, going into liquidation. Following discussions, and enabled by two acts of Saorstat Eireann, the D&LER was bought up by the DUTC. The lines were regauged to Dublin's only as far as Lucan, a new line was fitted in Chapelizod, and it reopened as a DUTC route in 1928.
Extensions beyond Lucan.
Lucan and Leixlip Steam Tramway
The "Lucan, Leixlip and Celbridge Steam Tramway Company" was established to build lines from the Lucan terminus to Leixlip and Celbridge (branching off just outside Leixlip). The "Lucan and Leixlip Steam Tramway" (L&LST) extension was built, and operated between 1890 and 1898. After it went into liquidation, its assets were sold at auction on 1 August 1899, including around of rails, two bogie passenger carriages, two other passenger carriages, two goods wagons, a locomotive engine, a water ram in the River Liffey and much other material
Lucan and Leixlip Electric Railway
A new line was laid close to the original steam line, over a decade later, under an Order in Council, the "Lucan and Leixlip Electric Railway Order, 1910", by a completely new company. Despite the name, this does not seem to have followed the full distance to Leixlip but rather only the to the Spa Hotel at Doddsborough. This was opened as an electric line in 1910, and was leased to the (D&LER) in August 1911.
When the DUTC bought up the insolvent D&LER, they also purchased the L&LER from its shareholders, and although required to refit and reopen it in like manner, following objections from Dublin County Council the extension beyond Lucan was not reopened.
Hill of Howth Tramway.
Operated by the Great Northern Railway (GNR), the Hill of Howth Tramway comprised a single route, from Sutton railway station to Howth railway station over Howth Head by way of the Summit. The tramway was opened under the Great Northern Railway (Ireland) Act of 1897 (and the Tramways Acts), the first line segment, from Sutton to the Summit, on 17 July 1901, the remainder to Howth on 1 August 1901.
Guinness Brewery tramways.
The minimum gauge tramway.
The minimum gauge tramway operated on and around the site of St. James's Gate Brewery. The system was laid between 1873 and 1879 and had a gauge of . The tramway had direct access to the Liffey via a specially constructed quay and made use of a spiral tunnel to overcome a height difference on the brewery site. The tunnel cost £3,000 and construction spanned 1877-1878
The broad gauge tramway.
The broad gauge tramway connected the brewery with the goods yards of Heuston Station. The system began circa 1880 and had a gauge of or ? and was horse drawn but they were replaced by the minimum gauge tramway's locomotives on a special "haulage wagon". The broad gauge system closed on 15 May 1965.
Dublin tramways in literature.
Dublin tramways, routes, tracks and the DUTC are mentioned several times in Ulysses by James Joyce
Today.
Around the city it is still possible to see buildings associated with the system such as the Blackrock Depot (later the Mazda Europa Centre, now facing demolition), Dartry Depot, Clonskeagh Depot, Donnybrook Depot (now part of Donnybrook Bus Garage), Dalkey Yard (some track still in-situ), the Sandymount Depot, the Marlborough Street Depot which still features the lettering DUTC or the Power House in Ringsend, and other reminders of the system also exist. Meanwhile some trams are preserved in the National Museum of Ireland and the National Transport Museum of Ireland (at Howth Castle) and at the National Tramway Museum in the UK. A modern tram system, Luas, opened in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18388197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388197" title="Sixteen Tons of Bluegrass">
Sixteen Tons of Bluegrass

Sixteen Tons of Bluegrass is an album by Pete Stanley and Wizz Jones produced by Chas McDevitt, and originally released in the UK1966 on Columbia Records. Wizz & Pete were probably the first British musicians to successfully interpret America's favourite traditional music for UK audiences. The album was also released on the Joker label in Italy as Way Out West, with a different cover design. Wizz Jones is quoted, describing the cover, "I've only seen this once, as I recall the alternative sleeve design is hilarious. A mini-skirted girl is perched on a gate being serenaded by a smart young man in blue jeans!"
In 2000 it was released on CD by Rollercoaster Records as More Than Sixteen Tons of Bluegrass and Other Fine Stuff, with the addition of a number of bonus tracks. The bonus tracks comprised the 2 tracks from the duo's 1965 single (Ballad of Hollis Brown, Columbia DB7776) and six previously unreleased tracks from the "Sixteen Tons" recording sessions. The masters of some of the original tracks had been lost by this time, but those tracks were reinstated by dubbing from commercial copies or from acetates, without appreciable deterioration of quality. The CD reissue therefore comprises the entire output of the duo, and includes a gatefold presentation pack with a booklet of detailed notes and archive photographs.
After this album, Stanley continued to play bluegrass with Brian Golbey, and Jones went on to have a mainly solo career, playing blues and contemporary folk songs written by himself and others.
Track list.
All tracks are credited as "traditional, arranged by Pete Stanley & Wizz Jones", except where stated otherwise.
Re-Release.
In 2000, the album was re-released on "Rollercoaster Records" as "More Than Sixteen Tons of Bluegrass and Other Fine Stuff". The re-released contained the original, fully remastered album as well as eight bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="18388201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388201" title="YSG">
YSG

YSG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388205" title="WSFR">
WSFR

WSFR (107.7 FM) is a classic hits radio station licensed to the community of Corydon, Indiana, USA. The station is currently owned by Summit Media LLC and serves the greater Louisville, Kentucky, area.
History.
On October 28, 2011 WSFR shifted their format from classic rock to classic hits, branded as "107.7 The Eagle".

</doc>
<doc id="18388237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388237" title="Bell of Purity Temple">
Bell of Purity Temple

Bell of Purity Temple () is a 1992 Chinese film about the life of a Japanese infant deserted in China after Sino-Japanese War. It is presented by Shanghai Film Studio and directed by Xie Jin, starring Pu Cunxin, Komaki Kurihara, Ding Yi, You Yong and Zhu Xu.

</doc>
<doc id="18388240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388240" title="Denys Stoyan">
Denys Stoyan

Denys Stoyan (born 24 August 1981 in Hrebinky, Ukraine, Soviet Union) is a retired Ukrainian football defender who last played for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Poltava.

</doc>
<doc id="18388246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388246" title="Antimelatoma buchanani maorum">
Antimelatoma buchanani maorum

Antimelatoma buchanani maorum is a subspecies of small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae, the turrids.

</doc>
<doc id="18388247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388247" title="Skinner, Inc.">
Skinner, Inc.

Skinner is one of the world's leading auction houses for antiques and fine art. It is the only full-service auction house headquartered in New England.
History.
Skinner was founded by dealer Robert W. Skinner, Jr. (1932-1984), who believed that New England, with its long history as an international arts center, was a fitting location for a world-class auction house. The company began operations in the 1960s and was incorporated in 1971 in Bolton, Massachusetts. Skinner’s Boston gallery opened in 1978. The company has seen steady growth, and in 2009, Skinner moved its headquarters to nearby Marlborough.[http://www.maineantiquedigest.com/stories/index.html?id=786]
Expert departments.
Skinner’s appraisers regularly appear on the PBS-TV series, "Antiques Roadshow", and other arts and culture programs. Representing 20 specialty collecting areas, the appraisers are expert in the areas of American furniture & decorative arts, American & European paintings & prints, European furniture & decorative arts, fine ceramics, fine jewelry, 20th Century design, fine musical instruments, Asian Works of Art, Fine Judaica, Science, Technology & Clocks, Rare Books & Manuscripts, Fine Silver, Antique Motor Vehicles, American Indian & Ethnographic Art, Fine Wines, Oriental rugs & carpets, Textiles & Couture, Toys, Dolls & Collectibles, and Discovery.
Notable auctions.
Skinner conducts more than 60 auctions and events each year and has achieved world-record prices for many pieces sold at auction. Fitz Henry Lane’s "Manchester Harbor", a 24x36 inch oil painting, sold for $5.5 million in November 2004, a world record for the artist and the highest price ever at auction in New England.

</doc>
<doc id="18388283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388283" title="Crystal chemistry">
Crystal chemistry

Crystal chemistry is the study of the principles of chemistry behind crystals and their use in describing structure-property relations in solids. The principles that govern the assembly of crystal and glass structures are described, models of many of the technologically important crystal structures (Zinc Blende, Alumina, Quartz, Perovskite) are studied, and the effect of crystal structure on the various fundamental mechanisms responsible for many physical properties are discussed.
The objectives of the field include:
Topics studied are:

</doc>
<doc id="18388295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388295" title="Bodley">
Bodley

Bodley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388304" title="S. Robert Foley">
S. Robert Foley

Admiral S. Robert Foley is a retired United States Navy admiral.
After graduating as a member of the United States Naval Academy's Class of 1950, Foley served in the Navy for 35 years. Foley quickly rose through the ranks and held several operational commands during his distinguished naval career, including serving as commander of the US Seventh Fleet and commander-in-chief of the Pacific Fleet.
Foley retired from the Navy in 1985, at which point he served as President Ronald Reagan's assistant secretary of energy for defense programs, where he had responsibility for the nation's nuclear weapons complex.
In 1988, Foley entered the private sector and was named president of the Advanced Technology Group at ICF Kaiser Engineers. In 1991, he joined the Raytheon Company, where he served as vice president of marketing, president of Raytheon Japan, and vice president of Asian operations.
After retiring from Raytheon, Foley served as a consultant to the departments of defense and energy and was a member of President George W. Bush's energy transition team.
In 2003, Foley was appointed the University of California's vice president for laboratory management. In his role, Foley has responsibility for the university's oversight and management at three national laboratories: Los Alamos, Lawrence Livermore, and Lawrence Berkeley.
Foley earned a master's degree in international affairs from George Washington University in 1968. Additionally, Foley graduated from the Naval War College in 1968 and was recognized as a Distinguished Graduate of the Air War College. During his years of service, Foley was the recipient of numerous honors and awards, including the US Navy Distinguished Service Medal, French Legion of Honor, Japan Order of the Rising Sun (First Class), and the Secretary of Energy's Gold Medal for Distinguished Service.

</doc>
<doc id="18388316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388316" title="Alagyaz (disambiguation)">
Alagyaz (disambiguation)

Alagyaz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388320" title="National Movement Party">
National Movement Party

National Movement Party may refer to one of the following parties:

</doc>
<doc id="18388326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388326" title="You Can't Take It With You (film)">
You Can't Take It With You (film)

"You Can't Take It With You" is a 1938 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Capra and starring Jean Arthur, Lionel Barrymore, James Stewart, and Edward Arnold. Adapted from the Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart., the film is about a man from a family of rich snobs who becomes engaged to a woman from a good-natured but decidedly eccentric family.
The film received two Academy Awards from seven nominations: Best Picture and Best Director for Frank Capra. This was Capra's third Oscar for Best Director in just five years, following "It Happened One Night" in 1934 and "Mr. Deeds Goes to Town" in 1936. It was also the highest-grossing picture of the year.
Plot.
Successful banker Anthony P. Kirby (Edward Arnold) has just returned from Washington, D.C., where he was effectively granted a government-sanctioned munitions monopoly, which will make him very rich. He intends to buy up a 12-block radius around a competitor's factory to put his out of business, but there is one house that is a holdout to selling. Kirby instructs his real estate broker, John Blakely (Clarence Wilson), to offer a huge sum for the house, and if that is not accepted, to cause trouble for the family. 
Kirby's son, Tony (James Stewart), is a vice president in the family company, and has fallen in love with a company stenographer, Alice Sycamore (Jean Arthur). When Tony proposes marriage, Alice is worried that her family would be looked upon poorly by Tony's rich and famous family. In fact, Alice is the only relatively normal member of the eccentric Sycamore family, led by Grandpa Vanderhof (Lionel Barrymore). Unbeknownst to the players, Alice's family is the house that will not sell out.
Kirby and the snobbish Mrs. Kirby (Mary Forbes) strongly disapprove of Tony's choice for marriage. Before she accepts, Alice forces Tony to bring his family to become better acquainted with their future in-laws. But when Tony purposely brings his family on the wrong day, the Sycamore family is caught off-guard and the house is in disarray. As the Kirbys are preparing to leave after a rather disastrous meeting, the police arrest everyone in the house for making unlicensed fireworks and disturbing the peace. Held up in the drunk tank preparing to see the night court judge, Mrs. Kirby repeatedly insults Alice and makes her feel unworthy of her son. At the court hearing, the judge (Harry Davenport) repeatedly asks why the Kirbys were at the Vanderhof house. When Grandpa says it was to talk over selling the house, Alice has an outburst and says it was because she was engaged to Tony but is spurning him because of how poorly she has been treated by his family. This causes a sensation in the papers, and Alice flees the city.
With Alice gone, Grandpa decides to sell the house, thus meaning the whole section of the town must vacate in preparation for building a new factory. Now, the Kirby companies merge, creating a huge fluctuation in the stock market. When Kirby's competitor, Ramsey (H. B. Warner), dies after confronting him for being ruthless and a failure of a man, Kirby has a realization that he does not have any friends -- just as Grandpa Vanderhof told him back in the drunk tank. Kirby visits the Vanderhofs as they are moving out of the house, and Kirby lets loose and plays the harmonica and realizes these lower-class people he previously belittled are good people. Alice takes Tony back and the film ends with the Vanderhofs and Kirbys enjoying a meal together.
Adaptations to other media.
"You Can't Take it With You" was adapted as a radio play on the October 2, 1939 broadcast of Lux Radio Theater with Edward Arnold, Robert Cummings and Fay Wray.

</doc>
<doc id="18388346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388346" title="Oleksandr Artemenko">
Oleksandr Artemenko

Oleksandr Artemenko (; born 19 January 1987 in Chernyshove, Rozdolne Raion, Crimea Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) was an Ukrainian football forward for FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi on loan from Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League. He is a product of the Crimean football system.

</doc>
<doc id="18388353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388353" title="Ali Bouziane">
Ali Bouziane

Ali Bouziane (born 25 March 1977 in Boufarik, Blida Province) is an Algerian professional basketball player. He currently plays for the Algeria national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18388363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388363" title="Chad Troutwine">
Chad Troutwine

Chad Troutwine (born May 23, 1968) is an American Independent film producer and Co-Founder and CEO of Veritas Prep.
Biography.
As a child, Troutwine's parents encouraged his entrepreneurial spirit and placed a high value on education. Troutwine earned a perfect score on the Stanford Achievement Test, and graduated high school at the age of sixteen. Troutwine earned his BA from Arizona State University at nineteen, and went on to earn a JD from the University of Missouri, graduating with honors, and an MBA from the Yale School of Management. As of 2010, he was completing a masters degree at the Harvard Kennedy School. While at Yale, Troutwine and Markus Moberg, launched Veritas Prep, a GMAT preparation and MBA admissions consulting company.
In recognition of his entrepreneurial endeavors, Forbes magazine named Troutwine their 2002 Forbes Future Capitalist of the Year. Seven years later, Entrepreneur magazine featured Troutwine and Moberg as Top 20 Trailblazers and Trendsetters for 2009.
Film History.
In January 2001, Troutwine established Chad Troutwine Films. His films have premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and the Cannes Film Festival and featured award-winning actors (including James Woods, Nick Nolte, Vince Vaughn, Miranda Richardson, Steve Buscemi, Bob Hoskins, and Natalie Portman), and revered directors (Joel and Ethan Coen, Alex Gibney, Morgan Spurlock, Gus Van Sant, Alfonso Cuaron, Seth Gordon, and Alexander Payne).
In 2008, Troutwine joined Dan O'Meara and Chris Romano at the Green Film Company, a New York-based production company.
In 2010, Magnolia Pictures will release his documentary adaptation of the New York Times Bestseller Freakonomics.
Producer.
- "Freakonomics" (2010) (producer)
- "Gerrymandering" (2010) (producer)
- "Carissa" (2008) (producer)
- "Paris, je t'aime" (2006) (executive producer)
- "Lo Más bonito y mis mejores años" (2005) (associate producer)
- "Edmond" (2005) (co-producer)
- "The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things" (2004) (executive producer)
- "I Love Your Work" (2003) (executive producer)
- "Northfork" (2003) (associate producer)
Troutwine also appeared as himself in the 2007 independent film "A Lawyer Walks into a Bar".
See also.
- Master Minds, an extended article on Troutwine and Moberg comparing Veritas Prep to Google and Apple in the March 2009 issue of Entrepreneur magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18388382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388382" title="Alagëz">
Alagëz

Alagëz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388386" title="Lorenzo Tenchini">
Lorenzo Tenchini

Lorenzo Tenchini(1852–1906) was born in Brescia and studied Medicine in Pavia where he became lecturer of Anatomy in 1880. In 1881, at the age of 29 years, he was appointed Professor of Anatomy at the University of Parma. In this city Tenchini began to study the morphology of the brains of criminals, later founding the "Museum of Criminal Anthropology". He collected brains of delinquents and their wax masks and studied the relationship between neuroanatomy and criminality. He promoted the building of a lunatic asylum in the province of Parma and was interested in social medicine, including the pellagra scourge in Northern Italy. Tenchini conducted important research work in the field of neuropsychiatry and anthropology. He was one of the founders of criminal anthropology in Italy and sought to explain criminal behavior through the study of neuroanatomy.

</doc>
<doc id="18388389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388389" title="Yuriy Martyshchuk">
Yuriy Martyshchuk

Yuriy Martyshchuk (; born 22 April 1986 in Kolomyia) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League. He joined Zorya from Karpaty prior to the 2010–11 season after 5 seasons having only minimal playing time.

</doc>
<doc id="18388395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388395" title="Alagez">
Alagez

Alagez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388397" title="Billy Glynn">
Billy Glynn

Bill Glynn, (b. 1968) is an American entrepreneur. In 2001, Information Week named him as one of "fifteen thought leaders who intend to influence and inspire the IT industry".
Glynn is the founder of Collective IQ, a venture capital platform. He has a successful investment track record and has helped close over $1 billion for the funds and businesses he has founded, helped build and advised. He advises leaders of London's Royal Institution World Science Assembly and the East-West Institute where he is focused on "Harmonizing Humanity" and the "Weaponization of Science".

</doc>
<doc id="18388408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388408" title="Wen Boren">
Wen Boren

Wen Boren (); ca. (1502–1575) was a Chinese landscape painter during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Wen was born in Changzhou (present day Wuxian of Jiangsu province). His style name was 'De Cheng' (德承) and his pseudonyms were 'Wu Feng' (五峰), 'Bao Sheng' (葆生), and 'She Sheng Lao Nong' (摄山老农). Wen was most noted for painting landscapes and people. He typically painted landscapes of rounding ranges of hills with free atmosphere. His style is similar to Zhao Mengfu and Wang Meng.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18388411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388411" title="Antimelatoma buchanani">
Antimelatoma buchanani

Antimelatoma buchanani is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae, the turrids.
Distribution.
This marine species occurs off New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="18388412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388412" title="Jack (CAD software)">
Jack (CAD software)

Jack is a 3-D interactive ergonomics and human factors CAD package developed by the University of Pennsylvania’s Center for Human Modeling and Simulation. Now maintained and distributed by Siemens PLM Software, the package enables users to study and improve the ergonomics of product design and workplace tasks through the positioning of biomechanically accurate digital humans of various sizes in virtual environments. Jack and Jill digital “humans” can tell engineers what they can see and reach, how comfortable they are, when and why they’re getting hurt, when they’re getting tired, and other important ergonomics information. The package’s principal features include a detailed human model, realistic behavioral controls, anthropometric scaling, task animation and evaluation systems, view analysis, automatic reach and grasp, and collision detection and avoidance (The University of Pennsylvania, 2001; EDS, 2003a).

</doc>
<doc id="18388413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388413" title="24 cm Haubitze 39">
24 cm Haubitze 39

The 24 cm houfnice vz.39 (German designation: 24 cm Haubitze 39) (Howitzer model 39) was a Czechoslovak-designed siege howitzer used in the Second World War. It was kept in production after the German occupation of Czechoslovakia in March 1939 and a total of eighteen was delivered to the Germans. It was only used by the Army's "Artillery Regiment 814" once it entered service shortly before the Battle of France in 1940. The regiment participated Operation Barbarossa and in the Sieges of Sevastopol and Leningrad.
Description and development.
Škoda designed it for export and Turkey ordered a batch, but only received two before the Germans occupied Czechoslovakia in March 1939. It was a stablemate of the Škoda 21 cm Kanone 39 and used virtually the same mounting and transport arrangements. It used an interrupted screw breech with a deBange obdurator to provide the gas seal with bagged propellant. The carriage revolved on a ball-race firing platform that had to be dug-in before firing, a task that took six to eight hours to accomplish. It broke down into three loads for transport, the barrel, carriage and the ground platform. A modified version entered service in 1942 as the "H 39/40" although the changes merely simplified production. A total of eighteen were delivered to Germany.
Ammunition.
It used both Czechoslovak and German-designed ammunition. The Czechoslovak-designed "24 cm Gr 39(t)" HE shell had a weight of . It used both nose and base fuses, two copper driving bands and contained a bursting charge of TNT. The German copy, the "24 cm Gr 39 umg" had only a German nose fuze, soft-iron driving bands and a smaller charge of . It also used a Czechoslovak-designed anti-concrete shell, the "24 cm Gr 39 Be", that had copper driving bands. It used 5 bagged charges that were enclosed in a single larger bag. Increments were simply removed to adjust range as necessary.
Combat history.
The "1st Battalion" of "Artillery Regiment 814" was formed on 15 March 1940 with four batteries of "H39s". A month later the "Third" and "Fourth Batteries" were used to form the 2nd battalion of the regiment. The "2nd Battalion" was still forming when the Battle of France began on 10 May 1940, but the "1st Battalion" was assigned to the reserves of "Army Group B", but it is uncertain if they saw any combat during the campaign. The regiment was assigned to 1st Panzer Group in "Army Group South" for Operation Barbarossa. It was transferred to "11th Army" for the Siege of Sevastopol in late 1941—42. It accompanied that army as part of its siege train when it was transferred north to attack Leningrad in the late summer of 1942. It remained under the command of "Army Group North" until it re-equipped with smaller guns in July 1944. Nothing is known of any units that might have been equipped with the howitzers after July 1944. "Artillery Regiment 814" is the only unit known to have been equipped with the "H39" howitzer.

</doc>
<doc id="18388425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388425" title="Football in Ukraine">
Football in Ukraine

Football in Ukraine is the number one sport. It takes its direct heritage from the Soviet football, particularly of 1970s and 1980s. The major football events in Ukraine are supervised by the Football Federation of Ukraine that was reorganized in 1991 in place of the Soviet Football Federation of Ukrainian SSR created in 1920s.
Summary.
Ukraine national football team has representing own independent nation qualified for the FIFA World Cup once. That was in the 2006 tournament when they reached the quarterfinals led by the former Soviet football star player Oleh Blokhin. Ukraine also has several younger squads that were little more successful yielding several new promising footballers.
On the club level the Ukrainian championship has primarily developed out of the Soviet competitions. With the unification of Ukraine in 1939-1940 on the newly acquired territories other than the Soviet clubs were dissolved or partially integrated into Soviet competitions, including selected players from Pogon Lwow (Michał Matyas) and ST "Ukraina" (Karlo Miklyosh). Among the notable Soviet footballers of that period deserved to be mentioned such as Makar Honcharenko, goalkeeper Mykola Trusevych, and others. Dynamo Kyiv and Shakhtar Donetsk are among the big European clubs nowadays. Dynamo Kyiv traces its fame from the Soviet times as they won the European Cup Winners Cup twice; namely in 1975 and 1986. In 1975 Dynamo extended its success into the UEFA Super Cup as well. Among the famous players to come out of Ukraine were Oleh Blokhin and Andriy Shevchenko. Also the legendary coach Valeri Lobanovski who led Dynamo Kiev to their European Cup victories as well as coaching the former Soviet and later on the Ukraine national football team is a Ukrainian football hero.
The Ukrainian football professional club competitions organized in the three tier league system. Parallel with them there is a knockout competition the Ukrainian Cup. There is also a Super Cup match up that is being conducted on annual basis among the top two best clubs in the country. Several amateur level tournaments are played nationally as well as in every region (oblast), for better perspective, please visit Ukrainian football league system. The female football is less developed, however there is a female national team and a two-tier league system competition for clubs. Among the most successful female clubs are "Lehenda Chernihiv" and "Zhytlobud Kharkiv".
Ukraine has also highly developed children and youth football. There is a national competition that is being conducted by the professional clubs of Ukraine and the best national sports schools. It is a two tier league with several regional divisions. Each club is represented by four squads with players age restrictions being from under 14 to under 17. Parallel to that there is an independent Student League which encompasses teams of various universities and institutions of higher education. Selected players of that league successfully compete at student Olympics, the Universiada. The regional amateur football competitions also provide training opportunities for the young soccer stars.
History.
The modern Ukrainian club competitions derived mostly from the Soviet competitions. The first football leagues in Ukraine appeared in 1910s across number of cities. The first recorded national competition started in 1921 and it was a competition among city teams ("Championship of cities") that represented a participating regional championship. Some Ukrainian teams participated in the Russian city championship that was short-termed and took place before the World War I in 1912-14. There were also some Ukrainian teams participating in the Championship of Galicia that also took place World War I and was precursor of the Polish "Ekstraklasa" League. However due to the Polish state policy in regards to national minorities of that period, the Ukrainian clubs except of very few did not really performed well. Soon after the establishment of the Soviet Union in 1924 many teams from Ukraine participated in the Soviet Championship of Cities.
The organization of the Ukrainian SSR Championship of Cities was organized by the All-Ukrainian Council of Physical Culture. The Ukrainian SSR Championship of Cities was discontinued in 1936 and smoothly was transformed into the "Championship of Sports Societies and Departments" that initiated as the second level of the Championship of cities in 1936. During the World War II, number of new clubs from the western Ukraine joined competition. The previous clubs of the region were dissolved and replaced with newly created Soviet clubs mostly as Spartak or Dynamo. Some of players from the dissolved clubs joined the new Soviet counterparts, while others either moved out of the country, were deported or pursued other goals. During the Nazi Germany occupation there is no recorded national football competitions except for the Zakarpattia Oblast.
With the transformation of the council's (All-Ukrainian Council of Physical Culture) football section into the Football Federation of the Ukrainian SSR in 1959, the Ukrainian championship was integrated into the Soviet championship of Master teams in the Class B starting from 1960, which eventually was transformed into the Soviet Second League. The Championship of Sports Societies and Departments was reorganized into competitions of physical culture collectives, better known as the republican KFK competitions. In 1990 there took another transformation in the Soviet football and all republican championships were relegated to the Soviet Second League B or the lower second league, while the Soviet Second League was split into three regional groups instead of previous nine (republican-regional factor). Number of former Soviet republics started the process of succession from the Union, such as the Baltic states and Georgia. In 1992 the Soviet championship ended and the 1991-92 Soviet Cup that was planned to be transformed into the CIS Cup was in reality simply an edition of the Russian Cup.
¹ In 1998 KFK competitions were transformed into the Amateur Association.
² From 1993 through 1995 there existed the 3rd League. KFK competitions were grandfathered from the Soviet times.
³ In selected years there existed the supplemental 2nd League.
<br>4 District 1.League and City 1.League
<br>5 District 2.League and City 2.League
Note: Until 1992 the Soviet Tier III was considered as the republican competition for the Ukrainian SSR (see Ukrainian Soviet competitions). In 1992 most of the Ukrainian based clubs that competed in the top three tiers were reorganized into the Ukrainian Supreme League, while most of the rest non-amateur clubs were organized into the Ukrainian First League.
Football in post Austria-Hungary Empire.
Halychyna (1920-1939).
In the western part of Ukraine that was part of Austria-Hungary the official football competitions started also in 1905 when the first Lemberg city championship took place. After the World War I and fall of the empire, the West Ukraine was annexed by the Second Polish Republic. The Soviet-Ukrainian and Soviet-Polish wars prevented for the competition of 1920 to take place. At the end, only Pogon was admitted, however, the other clubs entered the competition much later. The teams that were to enter the Polish League were Pogon Lwow, Czarni Lwow, Polonia Przemysl, and Rewera Stanislawow. Those are considered to be all-Polish teams consisting mostly of the Polish nationals. Pogon Lwow was the most successful at the start of the League, winning it four times in a row 1922-1926. The club was coached then by the Austrian manager Karl Fischer. Another club Sparta Lwow made the final of the first Polish Cup competition of 1926. The Ukrainian football teams also existed at that time, but they competed on the amateur level, one of them was Ukraina Lwow. The Soviet aggression of 1939 disrupted the football life in the region and all of the clubs were disbanded. The Soviet administration created its own local football clubs that were part of the Soviet Volunteer Societies.
Bukovina (1922-1940).
Bukovina in the interwar period was part of Romania. There were several clubs all from Chernivtsi that participated in the Romanian football competitions. The most successful club was FC Dragoş Voda Cernauţi. It was all-Romanian club. As in Halychyna the football clubs were ethnically based. Beside the above mentioned club there were also Jewish clubs FC Maccabi Cernauţi, FC Hakoah Cernauţi, Polish FC Polonia Cernauţi, and German DFC Jahn Cernauţi. From 1922 to 1932 the clubs from Chernivtsi participated annually in the Romanian championship that was organized by the Olympic-system of elimination. Since the introduction of the regular League in the national competitions those clubs disappeared. Only FC Dragoş Voda Cernauţi participated in the 1937-38 edition of the league placing last in its group. In 1940 Bukovina became occupied by the Soviet Union and all of the previously established sport organization were abandoned.
Carpathian Ruthenia (1925-1944).
From 1925 to 1938 this territory was part of Czechoslovakia, and later part of Hungary. The most notable club of the region at that time was SK Rusj Užhorod from Užhorod/Ungvar, later "Ungvári Rusznyi". It was the only club that participated in Slovak championship from the region. The club became champion of Slovakia on two occasions: 1933 and 1936. "Rusj" became known in Europe as the "Flying Teachers", because they were the first club that used airplanes to travel to their games. In 1938 the region became part of Hungary. In 1939 there was tournament among seven teams of that region (Kárpátalja), the winner of which would earn the right to participate on the professional level in the Hungarian competitions. The tournament included four teams from Uzhhorod, including SC Rusj Užhorod, plus each team from Mukacheve, Chop, and Palanky. SC Rusj Užhorod won the tournament, and because of that four teams were allowed to enter the Hungarian competition from the region, two from Uzhhorod Rusj and Ungvári AC, and each from Berehove (Beregszászi FTC) and Mukacheve (Munkács SzE).
Soviet championship prior 1936.
Before the establishment of a consistent Soviet football competition in 1936, the Ukrainian SSR had its own football competition from 1921 to 1936. This competition was on a volunteer basis and were not held regularly. These football competitions were a continuation of the imperial football competitions that started at the beginning of the 20th century in the Russian Empire. The winner qualified for the All-Union competition.
The first Ukrainian championship took place in 1921, before the establishment of the Soviet Union. Not much is known of that and the following championships and nothing is known of the competitions between 1924-1927. Remarkable is the fact that the dominant team of that period was from Kharkiv which until 1934 was the capital of the pseudo-state, Ukrainian SSR.
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Kharkiv: Vinnykov, Levin, Natarov, Shpakovsky, Bem, Bizyayev, Alfyorov, Kapustin, Varzhenynov, Makeyev, Ordin, Kazakov, Romanenko, Lazunenko.
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Kharkiv: Romanenko, Kolotukhin, Natarov, Shpakovsky, Romatovsky, Privalov, Bandurin, Kapustin, Varzhenynov, Krotov, Kazakov.
Group 1
Group finals
Group 2
Group finals
Group 3
Group finals
Semifinal
Final
Preliminaries
Final tournament (Kiev forfeited)
Final group. 1) Kharkiv, 2) Odessa, 3) Donbas<br>
Kharkiv: Norov, Krotov, K. Fomin, Privalov, V. Fomin, Kapustin, Kazakov, Alfyorov, Natarov, Shpakovsky, Kostykov, Us, Vinnykov, Bem, Hrushyn, Hubaryev.
A mass tournament with participation of some 41 teams took place. To the finals qualified Katerynoslav, Odessa, Mykolaiv, and Stalino. To the finals were also allowed Kharkiv and Kadiyevka, although they were defeated by Mykolaiv and Stalino, respectively.
Games
Kharkiv: Kravchenko, Kladko, Krotov, K.Fomin, Privalov, V.Fomin, Semenov, Lesny, Andreyev, Natarov, Shpakovsky, Myshchenko, Us, Sorokin, Bem, M.Fomin, Hubaryev.
There were 30 teams participating in the qualifiers.
Games
Kharkiv: Norov, Kladko, Moskvin, K.Fomin, Privalov, V.Fomin, Semenov, Volodymyrsky, Alfyorov, Kapustin, Shpakovsky, Myshchenko, Hubaryev.
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Kiev: Idzkovsky, Denysov, Vesen'yev, Dolhov, Piontkowski, Tyutchev, Sadovsky, Korotkykh, Schultz-Serdyuk, Malkhasov, Svyrydovsky.
Preliminaries
Games
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Kharkiv: Moskvin, Kyryllov, K.Fomin, M.Fomin, V.Fomin, Shvedov, Kulykov, Lesny, Zub, Parovyshnykov, Privalov.
Games
Dnipropetrovsk: Makhovsky, Hutaryev, Aleksopolski, Chyzhov, Belov, V.Kryvosheyev, Butenko, Hreber, Andreyev, Borodin, Bily, Laiko, Korchanynov, Kornylov, Zabuha, Shpynyov, P.Kryvosheyev, Starostin
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Dynamo Kyiv: Trusevych, Pravoverov, Klymenko, Tyutchev, Kuzmenko, Putystin, Honcharenko, Shylovsky, Shehodsky, Komarov, Korotkykh, Makhynya. Coach: Moisei Tovarovsky.
Soviet championship (1936-1991).
Until the creation of the independent competition, the Ukrainian republican championship had taken place in the Soviet First League after the WWII, the Soviet Second League (since 1963) or in the lowr levels of the competition. About three to six of the best Ukrainian clubs competed in the Soviet Top League with Dynamo Kyiv competing in it consistently since its establishment; therefore, the Ukrainian champion was considered the team that has won the Ukrainian republican group which was part of Soviet lower leagues.
Until WWII up to six clubs from Ukraine competed in the Soviet Top League. The nine non-amateur clubs from Ukraine participated in the first season of the Soviet competition: Dynamo Kyiv (I Division); Dynamo Dnipropetrovsk and Dynamo Kharkiv (II Division); Dynamo Odessa, Spartak Kharkiv, Vuhilnyki Staline, Lokomotyv Kyiv (III Division); Traktor Plant Kharkiv, Stal Dnipropetrovsk (IV Division). In 1938 the Soviet Top League was combined into the Super League with 26 clubs playing each other once. Ukraine was represented with six clubs. The following couple of years as the League was reduced only three Ukrainian teams had participated in it.
Short time since WWII Ukraine was once again represented only by Dynamo Kyiv. Since 1949 and until 1964 the club was joined by Shakhtar Donetsk and Lokomotyv Kharkiv at the Top Level. In 1956 Lokomotyv was replaced by Avanhard, known today as "Metalist". In 1965 Chornomorets Odessa returned to the Soviet Top League and was joined together with the SCA Odessa. Since that time Ukraine had four clubs in the League. In 1967 as the Odessa Army team was relegated, Zorya Luhansk has emerged and soon thereafter conquering the honors. The Luhansk's team was the first club from a provincial city in the Soviet Union that earned the top award. The club success indicated the big football boom in the region. At the start of 1970 Chornomorets Odessa and Shakhtar Donetsk were replaced with Karpaty Lviv and Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk, respectively. By mid-1970s there were again six clubs participated from Ukraine. Dynamo Kyiv earned the Cup Winner's Cup and the European Super Cup where in the finals it defeated "FC Bayern Munich" the captain of which was Franz Beckenbauer. In 1980 the representation of Ukraine was reduced back to five clubs with the classic four: Dynamo Kyiv, Shakhtar Donetsk, Chornomorets Odessa, and Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk. Since 1982, those four were joined by Metalist Kharkiv and stayed at the top level to its dissolution in 1991, coincidentally all five of them represent the five metropoleis of Ukraine with over a million in population. In 1990 Metalurh Zaporizhzhya joined the Soviet Premier League.
The first decade (1992-2000).
The independent championship has taken place hastily at the start of the spring of 1992 after creation of the Ukrainian Premier League. The League was created out of the six teams that took part in the Soviet Top League, two teams - the Soviet First League, and nine out of eleven out of the Soviet Second League. The other two of that eleven were placed in the Ukrainian Persha Liha as they were to be relegated no matter what. Also the two best teams of the Soviet Second League B of the "Ukrainian Zone" were placed in the Ukrainian Premier League along with the winner of the 1991 Ukrainian Cup holder that placed ninth in the same group. The 20 participants were split in two groups with winners playing for the champion title and runners-up for the third place. Three teams from each group were to be relegated. As was expected, the five favorites, Dynamo Kyiv, Shakhtar Donetsk, Chornomorets Odessa, Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk, and Metalist Kharkiv placed at the top of each group. In the championship play-off game in Lviv, a sensation took place as the Tavriya Simferopol beat Dynamo Kyiv 1-0. The Creamians earned the first Ukrainian title (thus far the only), losing only once to FC Temp Shepetivka.
After being stunned in the first championship by the "tragedy" in Lviv, Dynamo Kyiv was anxious to earn its first title on the second go. In the second championship that had a regular League format of 16 teams, the main rival of the Kievans was Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk which won the first half of the season. By the end of the season both teams were going shoulder to shoulder and at the end they finished with the same amount of earned points. The champion title was awarded to Dynamo Kyiv as they had better goal difference. Neither the "Golden match" or the fact that Dnipro had better head-to-head record was considered.
The next seven years were known as the total hegemony of Dynamo Kyiv. During this period the Soviet stereotypes has changed as some of the best teams were going into a crisis. After the 1993-94 season suddenly Metalist Kharkiv was relegated to the Persha Liha. In the 1995-96 season Shakhtar Donetsk had its the worst year in the club's history, placing tenth. Chornomorets Odessa relegated twice during that first decade after Leonid Buriak has left the team. Also couple of newly created teams have emerged such as Arsenal Kyiv and Metalurh Donetsk and, in addition, FC Vorskla Poltava has astonished everyone placing the third in the first club's season at the Top Level in 1997.
The decade of Kiev - Donetsk stand-off (2001-2010).
The next decade was marked by fierce competition between Dynamo Kyiv and Shakhtar Donetsk. Since 2000, Donetsk club proved to be the real challengers to Kiev's dominance. In 2000 Shakhtar earned their first qualification to the Champions League earning its place in the Group stage. Nonetheless, Dynamo is still considered to be the benchmark of excellence in the country and the primary feeder to the Ukrainian national football team. 2002 became the real cornerstone in the "miners" history when they earned their first national title under the management of the newly appointed Italian specialist, Nevio Scala, who managed to bring the Donetsk club to its next Ukrainian Cup title as well. Since that time the issue of foreign players became particularly acute and brought series of court cases (see Players section). The FFU and PFL worked together to solve that issue, coming with the plan to force the "transitional" limitation of the foreign players over the time.
The clubs such as "Dnipro" and "Chornomorets" recent contenders for the title had to put up a fierce competition against the newly established contenders "Metalurh" from Donetsk and "Metalist" from Kharkiv to qualify for the European competitions. Especially brightly recommended itself FC Metalist Kharkiv which in the late 2000s consistently was placing right behind "Dynamo" and "Shakhtar". The remarkable was their participation in their 2009 European season when they had to contest against Dynamo Kyiv to earn their advancement to the Quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup 2009. Later the UEFA Cup edition was won for the first time by the Shakhtar Donetsk, the first club of the independent Ukraine.
Titles by Region and Championship.
The following table lists the Ukraine-based football champions by the Ukrainian regions.
European Competitions.
UEFA Champions League.
The following teams have qualified for elimination rounds in the UEFA Champions League.
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup.
The following teams have qualified for elimination rounds in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup.
UEFA Cup.
The following teams have qualified for elimination rounds of the UEFA Cup.
Awards.
Second symbolic team: Maksym Koval - Vitaliy Denisov, Milan Obradovic, Papa Gueye, Artem Fedetsky - Willian, Fernandinho, Oleksandr Aliyev, Denys Oliynyk - Taison, Artem Milevsky - Coach: Myron Markevych

</doc>
<doc id="18388441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388441" title="School Administrative Unit 31">
School Administrative Unit 31

School Administrative Unit 31, or SAU 31 is a school district that serves the towns of Lowell, Burlington, Edinburg, Enfield, Howland, Maxfield, and Passadumkeag. A total of 3 schools are managed in the school district, and there is a total number of 652 students between the 3 schools. The districts total revenue is $7,708,000. The districts total revenue per student is $11,823. Currently, the three schools are in two separate buildings. ESS, the elementary school, is located in West Enfield, while the other two schools are located in Howland.
Penobscot Valley High School.
Penobscot Valley High School (PVHS) is a 9–12 school serving approximately 238 students in Howland, Maine. PVHS also employs approximately 28 teachers. PVHS is the only 9-12 school in SAD 31
Hichborn Middle School.
Hichborn Middle School, or HMS, was constructed in 1971. HMS currently serves 152 students in the area grades 6-8. 50% of students in the school, are qualified to receive free or reduced lunch. In the summer of 2007, the school underwent a minor renovation, along with the High school. The teachers bathrooms were transformed into one handicap restroom. Some doorways were redone, and the locker room doors were moved. There are plans to renovate the outdated restrooms and locker rooms, which have not been updated since the schools construction in 1971. HMS houses the Jim Curry Library Media Center, an up-to-date library that serves the middle and high school. The middle school has a small Gymnasium, commonly referred to as the multi-purpose room. Most PE classes are taken there, with the exception of the High School Gym, when it is unoccupied.
Enfield Station School.
"Sited on what was the former Cole Farm, in Enfield, Maine, on land donated by the family of Galen Cole, the Enfield Station School building opened to students in January 1993.
Three district elementary schools (Ring Street in Howland, Curtis School in West Enfield, and the Burlington School in Burlington) closed and all students moved to the new school. Opening with 400 students, the school currently serves a little over 300 students in grades kindergarten through five. Each grade has three classes, with the exception of third grade that has two (classes)."
Budget Problems.
On August 24, 2011, new district superintendent Michael Wright, unveiled a public letter indicating that the school had a $1.2 million deficit. This led to severe austerity, including that all new purchases must be made through him, and layoffs of ed. techs and teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="18388442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388442" title="7 Sins (album)">
7 Sins (album)

7 Sins is the debut album by rap duo, Kane & Abel. It was released on October 8, 1996 for No Limit Records and Priority Records and was produced by Master P and Beats By the Pound. The album found decent success, peaking at #179 on the Billboard 200, #29 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #11 on the Top Heatseekers. As of 2004, 7 Sins has sold 35,000 copies. There was a music video for the single "Gangstafied" which was a decent success.

</doc>
<doc id="18388460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388460" title="Saša Todić">
Saša Todić

Saša Todić (Serbian Cyrillic: Caшa Toдић ; born 26 March 1974 in Zrenjanin) is a retired Serbian football goalkeeper. Currently he is Goalkeeping Coach in FK Novi Sad.
Club career.
Todić previously played for FK Proleter Zrenjanin and FK Vojvodina in the Serbian Superliga and for Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League until summer 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18388472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388472" title="Dawa River">
Dawa River

The Dawa River is a perennial river in southeastern Ethiopia. Rising in the mountains east of Aleta Wendo, the Dawa flows south and east to join with the Ganale Dorya at the border with Somalia to become the Jubba. The river forms part of the Ethiopia–Somalia border and part of the Ethiopia–Kenya border.
The river valley is relatively wide, with gently sloping sides of exposed bedrock. The lower part flows through a valley which would be classed as a relatively young erosion cycle. Prospectors have found gold along the Dawa between the Awata and Kojowa tributaries. The titanium minerals rutile and ilmenite were found by geologists working for the Texas Africa Exploration Company in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18388490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388490" title="Wen Jia">
Wen Jia

Wen Jia (Wen Chia, traditional: 文嘉, simplified: 文嘉); ca. 1501-1583 was a Chinese painter of landscapes and flowers during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Wen was born in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Xiu Cheng' and his sobriquet was 'Wen Shui'. Wen came from a family of painters. He was the second son of Wen Zhengming, and his brother Wen Peng became a painter as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18388503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388503" title="Xie Fei (director)">
Xie Fei (director)

Xie Fei (; born August 14, 1942) is a world-recognized Chinese film director. Xie was born in Yan'an city of Shaanxi Province, China.
A graduate of the Beijing Film Academy, Xie has also taught at his almamater as a vice-president of that institution.

</doc>
<doc id="18388511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388511" title="Alego Constituency">
Alego Constituency

Alego Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies of Siaya District. The constituency was established for the 1963 national elections. It is also known as Alego-Usonga Constituency. The constituency has 13 wards, of which five elect councillors for the urban Siaya municipality and the rest seven for the rural Siaya County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18388516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388516" title="Moel Tryfan (locomotive)">
Moel Tryfan (locomotive)

Moel Tryfan was a narrow gauge steam locomotive built for use on the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways (NWNGRs) in 1875. The locomotive was an single Fairlie locomotive built by the Vulcan Foundry near Manchester. It spent its entire working life on the NWNGRs and its successors the Welsh Highland Railway (WHR) and the Ffestiniog Railway (FfR).
History.
North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways.
The North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways was an ambitious scheme to lay gauge railways through many of the valleys of north Wales. Only one of the proposed lines was built, connecting Dinas Junction, near Caernarfon with Rhyd Ddu, north west of Beddgelert. Two identical locomotives were ordered from the Vulcan Foundry to work the new railway. They were built to Fairlie's patent for articulated locomotives and were designed by George Percival Spooner, son of Charles Eaton Spooner, the manager of the nearby FfR.
The locomotives were the first s in the British Isles. They were named "Moel Tryfan" and "Snowdon Ranger". "Moel Tryfan" was named after the local mountain where the slate quarries that provided most of the railway's commerce were located. The locomotives entered service in 1875. In 1903, "Moel Tryfan" underwent a major overhaul (with new boilers and fireboxes) at Davies and Metcalfe in Manchester, a year after "Snowdon Ranger". Despite these repairs, one of these two locomotives was dilapidated by 1908. On 19 March J C Russell, the Receiver and Manager, applied to the Chancery Court for authority to spend £1,300 to purchase a new locomotive ("Gowrie" delivered later that year). Russell's affidavit explained that it was "in place of one of the original locomotives which has been running since the Line was opened in August 1877. In spite of constant renewals and repairs one of the old Engines is quite worn out and the Engineer of the Company (Mr Aitchison) has informed me it is impossible to renew it except by rebuilding which is practically the same as acquiring a new Engine and that it would be less efficient, less powerful, and less economical in working than the proposed new Engine." "Snowdon Ranger" was photographed at Dinas on 23 June 1909 and new piston rings were ordered for the engine in September 1910 and "Moel Tryfan" in February 1911. In February 1914 GC Aitchison (who had taken over as Receiver and Manager following Russell's death in 1912) swore an affidavit saying there were three engines, two of which ("Moel Tryfan" and "Russell") had "collapsed", needing money spent on them. The third engine he referred to was presumably "Gowrie", which implies that "Snowdon Ranger" had gone (or at least been taken out of service). It has been recorded that the best components of both locomotives were amalgamated into a single maintainable unit (although there is no evidence that a ten-year-old boiler was retained as a spare). The frames from "Snowdon Ranger" (which were renewed by Hunslet in 1908) are said to have been placed under the superstructure of "Moel Tryfan", with the combined locomotive taking the latter name. This evidence suggests a date for the demise of "Snowdon Ranger" of around 1912 or 1913.
Welsh Highland Railway.
Following the closure of the NWNGRs, "Moel Tryfan" was stored in the locomotive shed at Dinas along with "Russell". Of the two Moel Tryfan was in the poorest condition, so when services were resumed as the WHR in July 1922, "Russell" performed the majority of the work. By November of that year, "Moel Tryfan" was in such a poor condition that it was taken out of service, only to be used in emergencies.
In order to operate the new railway efficiently, "Moel Tryfan" was sent to the Boston Lodge works of the neighboring FfR for repairs in July 1923. During this repair, the locomotive was cut down in order to enable it to work on the Ffestiniog Railway, whose loading gauge was considerably smaller than the WHR's. This involved reducing the height of the locomotive's cab, funnel and dome. Boiler repairs were also undertaken and the locomotive then re-entered service and continued in use until 1937, when the FfR formally acquire the WHR.
Ffestiniog Railway.
After the takeover of the WHR, the FfR moved "Moel Tryfan" to Boston Lodge for overhaul. The locomotive was stripped down to allow much needed repairs to its firebox and boiler. However repair work had not started by the outbreak of World War II in 1939. No further work was done on the locomotive and it was still in its dismantled state when the FfR closed in 1946.
The remains of "Moel Tryfan" survived long enough to become part of the fleet of the restored Ffestiniog Railway in the early 1950s. However by this time it was little more than a rusting hulk, and on 2 October 1954 it was towed to Harbour Station where it was cut up for scrap. The proceeds from the sales of the remains were used to fund the further restoration of the Ffestiniog Railway. The trailing bogie survived and was ultimately used to provide pony trucks for the locomotives "Linda" and "Blanche" when they were converted from s into s along with the bogie frame, one side tank sheet and the air receiver.

</doc>
<doc id="18388535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388535" title="Ya Betta Believe It">
Ya Betta Believe It

"Ya Betta Believe It" is the third and final single from "The Originators", a 2002 album by East Coast hip hop group The Beatnuts. It was released by Landspeed Records as a 12 inch with "U Crazy" as its United States b-side and "Bring the Funk Back" as its United Kingdom b-side. The song is produced by The Beatnuts and features raps by Juju and Psycho Les, as well as a chorus sung by Chris Chandler. The song's lyrics tell of The Beatnuts' rise to becoming a well-respected group. The song's beat is characterized by a slow funk loop sampled from "Family" by Hubert Laws.
The song received mixed critical attention: Kingsley Marshmallow of Allmusic considers its lyrics to be both "uninspired" and "geographically challenged" in reference to various shout-outs during the song. Low Key of MVRemix.com also critiques the song claiming it sounds "forced" and "stale." Nonetheless, Steve "Flash" Juon of RapReviews.com praises the song's "disco funk stylings" and claims that Psycho Les's verse was amongst his "best in half a decade."
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18388536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388536" title="Allaverdy">
Allaverdy

Allaverdy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388544" title="Alego">
Alego

Alego may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388549" title="Wu Bin (painter)">
Wu Bin (painter)

Wu Bin (; Wade-Giles: Wu Pin) was a Chinese landscape painter during the reign of the Ming Dynasty Wanli Emperor (r. 1573-1620). His specific dates of birth and death are not known.
Wu was born in Putian in the Fujian province. Wu's style was unique, and he primarily painted landscapes and human figures.
Initially he was a high civil servant, his status was Emperor's secretary dealing with public works. Later he became a Zen monk (that is, Ch´an Buddhism) at the Qixia Temple in Nanjing and often he depicted Buddhist monks and priest behaving as magicians, performing superstitious rituals and healing practices to satisfy requests made by religious men and women. These are colourful portraits where irony and sarcasm prevails. The 1591 handscroll entitled "The 16 Luohans" exemplifies such work.
His social name was "Wenzhong" and his nickname "Zhiyin Toutuo" means "Mendicant monk at the temple hidden by tree branches". 
Some sources indicate that he died in 1627.

</doc>
<doc id="18388550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388550" title="Eugenio Batres Garcia">
Eugenio Batres Garcia

Victor Eugenio Batres Garcia (born May 21, 1941 in Chinandega, Nicaragua) is a Nicaraguan journalist, political commentator, newscaster and writer. He is the author of "Subdesarrollo y corrupción: experencias tercermundistas de la democracia nicaragüense", published in 2003, a historical account of Nicarguan governments.
Early life.
Eugenio Batres Garcia, born in 1941, became one of Nicaragua's most famed and respected journalists in the early 1960s. He began his political analysis and commentaries in weekly gazettes and local newspapers. In 1970, he became the country's first anchorman of a daily newscast program.

</doc>
<doc id="18388564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388564" title="Ballad for Americans and Other American Ballads">
Ballad for Americans and Other American Ballads

Ballad For Americans and Other American Ballads is an album by American folk singer Odetta, first released in 1960. It is now out of print.
The title song was written by Earl Robinson who had been blacklisted during the Red Scare in the US.
Allmusic states "Odetta's rendition has a vitality and immediacy that puts it squarely in the thick of 1960, in the middle of the civil rights movement's heyday, at a time when Paul Robeson, because of age and infirmity, and years of fighting the government's efforts to silence him, was in eclipse as an artist."
"Ballad For Americans and Other American Ballads" was re-released on CD along with "Odetta at Carnegie Hall" on the Italian label Universe. It is difficult to locate as an import.

</doc>
<doc id="18388565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388565" title="Dan Vado">
Dan Vado

Dan Vado (born September 9, 1959) is a comic book publisher and writer, and a fixture of the independent comics community. Vado is the owner, president, and publisher of Slave Labor Graphics.
Biography.
Vado started Slave Labor (SLG) in 1986 and is still its lone owner. The books Vado initially chose to publish were done by his personal friends, many of them acquaintances from high school. Even after more than twenty years in the business, Vado continues to publish books he "genuinely like" rather than what he thinks the market is looking for.
His writing credits include "Barabbas" (Mirage Studios), "Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight" (DC Comics), "Bill The Clown" (Slave Labor), "Extreme Justice" (DC), "Haunted Mansion" (Slave Labor), "Hero Sandwich" (Slave Labor), "Justice League America" (DC), and "Universal Monsters: Dracula" (Dark Horse Comics). He also founded the Alternative Press Expo, one of the first comics conventions dedicated to alternative comics and self-publishers.
Personal life.
Vado is well known throughout the comics community for his opinionated, plain-spoken, and humorous nature. He is also an amateur cook with a predilection for "beer can chicken." He lives in San Jose, California, is married, and is the father of two sons.
Awards.
Vado won an Inkpot Award in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18388597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388597" title="Wu Wei (painter)">
Wu Wei (painter)

Wu Wei (; ca. 1459–1508) was a Chinese landscape painter during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Wu was born in Wuchang in the Hubei province. His style names were 'Shiying and Ciweng' and his sobriquets were 'Lufu and Xiaoxian'. Wu painted landscapes and human figures in a strong, fluent, and uninhibited style, and took on many students to teach.

</doc>
<doc id="18388608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388608" title="Disability Living Allowance">
Disability Living Allowance

Disability living allowance (DLA) is a non-means-tested, non-contributory benefit in the United Kingdom introduced in 1992 and scheduled for phase-out between 2013 and 2016, in relation to adults only, for whom it is to be replaced by a new Personal Independence Payment.
DLA can be claimed by a UK resident aged under 65 years who has personal care and/or mobility needs as a result of a mental or physical disability. It is tax free.
Eligibility.
DLA is restricted to people who fall into all of the in the following categories:
Individuals can qualify for DLA whether or not they are working. Earnings do not affect the amount of DLA received. People who are terminally ill typically qualify for the highest rate of Care component of DLA under what is termed "special rules".
Care component.
DLA Care component is paid at one of three rates: lowest, middle and highest. From April 2013 the rates are:
Lowest rate eligibility.
Individuals are entitled to the lowest rate care component if they are so severely disabled that they:
Middle rate eligibility.
Individuals are entitled to the middle rate care component if they are so severely disabled that they: 
Highest rate eligibility.
Individuals are entitled to the highest rate care component if they meet one of the day conditions "and" one of the night conditions for the middle rate care component.
Mobility component.
DLA Mobility component is paid at one of two rates: lower and higher. From April 2013 the rates are:
Lower rate eligibility.
Individuals are entitled to the lower rate mobility component if they are so severely mentally or physically disabled that they cannot walk outdoors on an unfamiliar route without guidance or supervision from another person most of the time.
Higher rate eligibility.
Individuals are entitled to the higher rate mobility component if they:- 

</doc>
<doc id="18388614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388614" title="Planchas de Plata, Sonora">
Planchas de Plata, Sonora

Planchas de Plata (Spanish for "slabs of silver"), sometimes called Bolas de Plata ("balls of silver") is a historic silver-mining district near Nogales, Sonora, Mexico, and a few miles south of the border with the US state of Arizona. Native silver was discovered here in 1736 by Antonio Siraumea, a Yaqui Indian, on the "Rancho Arizona" of Bernardo de Urrea. Historian Donald Garate believes Urrea's Arizona Ranch to be the likely source of the name of the present US state of Arizona, and he claimed the origin of the name of the ranch was the Basque phrase "aritz ona" ("good oak"). Other historians have, however, debated this. For more detail on the etymology of the name Arizona, see Arizona.
Prospecters and miners rushed to the area of the great silver discovery of October, 1736. It was given the name "San Antonio de Padua" by "Justicia Mayor" Juan Bautista de Anza when he arrived on the scene in November and ordered that all the silver that had been taken from the site be impounded and brought to Urrea's Arizona Ranch, some fifteen miles down the canyon. 
Because the large pieces of silver were found in a placer deposit (unusual for silver, and unique for such large masses) the Spanish colonial government maintained that the silver was an artificial treasure trove and so belonged to the crown. The miners maintained that it was a natural placer deposit that belonged to the discoverers under Spanish law. The court case dragged on for years, and in the meantime, Spanish soldiers ejected the miners.
Because his "escribano" (scribe), Manuel José de Sosa, dated all the impounding documents at Arizona, people in faraway places like Guadalajara and Mexico City were soon referring to the silver as the "silver of Arizona." "Arizona" became a household word in early 18th century Mexico, associated with great and sudden wealth. 
Some modern writers on lost mines have assumed Planchas de Plata to be "lost," although the location has always been well known.
After the initial placer silver discovery, the district was idle until silver veins were discovered in the vicinity, and between 1872 and the 1930s, at least six mines operated, and ore was treated by a stamp mill and pan amalgamation. The amount of silver produced is not known, although the amount of ore mined has been estimated as between 50,000 and 100,000 tons. No mining has been done since the 1930s, but a Canadian firm has had some encouraging results from exploration drilling in 2007.
References and further reading.
This article incorporates text from Arizona / Planchas de Plata, a 
public domain article produced by the US National Park Service.

</doc>
<doc id="18388615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388615" title="Vangshylla–Kjerringvik Ferry">
Vangshylla–Kjerringvik Ferry

The Vangshylla–Kjerringvik Ferry is a closed automobile ferry on Norwegian County Road 755 that once connected the village of Kjerringvik in Mosvik municipality on the Fosen peninsula to the village of Vangshylla in the municipality of Inderøy in Innherred. The passage across the Trondheimfjord at Skarnsundet was operated by Innherredsferja from 1964 to 1991, when the ferry was replaced by the Skarnsund Bridge.
History.
Automobile ferry transport in Innherred started in 1958 when the company Innherredsferja started the route Levanger–Hokstad–Vangshylla–Kjerringvik–Venneshamn; connecting Levanger to the island of Ytterøya, and onwards connecting Inderøy with Mosvik. In 1964, a new road between Kjerringvik and Venneshamn opened, and at the same time a second ferry was purchased, allowing two routes to be established, the Levanger–Hokstad Ferry and the Vangshylla–Kjerringvik Ferry.
Four ferries have been used on the line; MF "Innherredsferja" (1964–69), MF "Skarnsund" (1969–82), MF "Mosvik" (1982–88), and MF "Skarnsund II" (1988–91). 
Planning of the bridge began in 1983 with the establishment of the company "AS Skarnsundsbrua" that would finance the bridge and construction started in 1988. On 19 December 1991 the last ferry sailed, with King Harald V on board, and the bridge officially opened.

</doc>
<doc id="18388632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388632" title="Muhammad Nimr al-Hawari">
Muhammad Nimr al-Hawari

Muhammad Nimr al-Hawari (born 1908, date of death unknown) was a Nazareth-born Bedouin who studied law in Jerusalem, graduating in 1939. al-Hawari served in the British Mandate administration as chief interpreter in the district court of Jaffa and chairman of the Association of Government second-division officers. He was transferred to Haifa where he resigned his government position in 1942. On his resignation he returned to practising law in Jaffa. al-Hawari started his career as a devoted follower of Amin al-Husseini but broke with the influential Husseini family in the early 1940s. al-Hawari during the termination of the British mandate commanded "al-Najjada", a paramilitary scout movement. al-Hawari was in command of the militia in the defence of Jaffa until he fled in late December 1947. Morris comments that al-Hawari may also have been an Haganah Intelligence Service (HIS) informant. al-Hawari had met and did discuss an agreement for Jaffa with Ezra Danin. Fearing assassination by the Husseinis, al-Hawari fled from Jaffa to Ramallah in December 1947. al-Hawari together with ‘Aziz Shihada (also spelt Shehadeh) a lawyer from Ramallah opened an office in the West Bank for refugee affairs. Hawari was allowed to return to Israel and was later appointed judge in the municipal circuit court of Nazareth.
As well as his native Arabic al-Hawari was fluent in English and Hebrew.
General Refugee Congress.
The first meeting of the General Refugee Congress (GRC) occurred on 17 March 1949 in Ramallah where al-Hawari was elected as President with Yahya Hammuda and ‘Aziz Shihada as deputies. The Palestine Conciliation Commission (PCC) hoping to gain a degree of independent Palestinian representation, invited Nimr to come and appear before the PCC.
At informal meetings at the Lausanne peace talks during May 1949 al-Hawari as head of the Palestinian refugee delegation put forward to Eliahu Sasson a plan that Israel should accept 400,000 refugees being allowed to return to Israel. al-Hawari put forward the argument that the Arab states did not want the refugees, would not assimilate them and that masses of refugees living on the cease fire lines, stateless and impoverished would give Israel nothing but grief. In June 1949 al-Hawari contacted the Israeli Government suggesting an early solution to the refugee problem with 2 alternative plans; to create an independent Palestinian state or annex the West Bank to Israel.
The failure of the attempt by al-Hawari, Yahya Hammuda, ‘Aziz Shihada, Sa’id Baidas and Francis Jelad to win a role for the independent refugee delegation at the Rhodes armistice talks in February 1949 and the subsequent Lausanne talks was an early demonstration of the inherent weakness of the Palestinian Arab people to replace the previous leadership structure destroyed by the collapse of the Palestinian society during the 1948 conflict. Although efforts were made to gain formal recognition of the GRC as a negotiating body and political representative of the Palestinian people. The Jordanian Government gradually marginalized the GRC until it withered away. Leaving Palestinian society fractured and fragmented.
All Palestine Government.
Egypt sought the aid of al-Hawari in early 1950 to strengthen the Mufti’s political position, al-Hawari did not comply.
Iqrit.
Hawari was involved with the first legal action against the state of Israel in 1951 on behalf of 5 men of Iqrit. Hawari acting as their lawyer was instrumental in gaining the right of return for the men of Iqrit. On 31 July 1951 the Israeli courts recognised the rights of the villagers to their land and their right to return to it. The court said the land was not abandoned and therefore could not be placed under the custodian of enemy property.
Published Works.
"Sir al Nakba" (The Secret behind the Disaster) Nazareth 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="18388637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388637" title="Xia Chang">
Xia Chang

Xia Chang (); ca. 1388-1470 was a Chinese painter during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Xia specialized in ink bamboo painting, following the style of Wang Fu. His style name was 'Zhongzhao' (仲昭) and his pseudonyms were 'Yufeng' (玉峰) and 'Zizai jushi' (自在居士).

</doc>
<doc id="18388652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388652" title="Mike Meyers (baseball)">
Mike Meyers (baseball)

Michael Gregory "Mike" Meyers (born October 18, 1977 in London, Ontario, Canada) was raised in Tillsonburg, Ontario and is a former professional baseball pitcher who played in the Chicago Cubs, New York Mets, and Milwaukee Brewers organizations from to . 
In , he was named to the Florida State League All-Star team as a starting pitcher. He competed for the Canadian national baseball team in the 2006 World Baseball Classic. On July 15, 2006, Meyers combined with fellow Nashville Sounds pitchers Carlos Villanueva and Alec Zumwalt to pitch the fifth no-hitter in team history, a 2–0 win over the Memphis Redbirds.

</doc>
<doc id="18388668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388668" title="Bushra al-Assad">
Bushra al-Assad

Bushra al-Assad () (born 24 October 1960) is the first child and only daughter of Hafez al-Assad, who was the president of Syria from 1971 to 2000. She is the sister of current Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. She was married to Assef Shawqat, the deputy chief of staff of the Syrian Armed Forces and former head of the Syrian Military Intelligence, who was killed by the Syrian opposition on 18 July 2012.
As a result of the Syrian civil war, in March 2012 she was placed on a list of Syrian regime figures who were subject to European Union economic sanctions and travel bans. On 28 September 2012, it was reported and confirmed by Gulf states that Bushra al-Assad had fled Syria with her five children to seek refuge in the United Arab Emirates. In January 2013, Bushra al-Assad was joined by her mother Anisa Makhlouf in Dubai after she too fled Syria.
Early life and education.
Bushra is reported to have enjoyed a close relationship with her father Hafez al-Assad and reportedly took a large role in leadership during the last years of his life. During the late 70's, she even accompanied her father during foreign visits and was very active in the decision making within her father's inner circle, especially in matters relating to economic and foreign affairs, leading to speculation that she was being considered for a leadership role and even possible succession. Despite this, by the 1980s, her younger brother Baseel took on that role instead and after 1994, her second oldest brother, Bashar. There has been widespread speculation that had it not been for her gender, she would have been groomed for the presidency. It is reported that she helped convince her father that jailing her uncle, Rifaat al-Assad, after his failed 1984 coup attempt would disgrace the family.
Bushra received her degree in pharmacy in 1982 from Damascus University. At university Bushra befriended Bouthaina Shaaban who is now member of the Syrian Cabinet. Some sources report that it was Shaaban who introduced Bushra to Shawkat, an army officer 10 years her senior and reportedly married with a reputation for womanizing. Despite family opposition, Bushra married Shawkat in 1995. 
Since the death of her brother Bassel al-Assad in 1994, Bushra was credited with increasing influence in Syria. She was reported to have played a major role in guiding the development of Syria's pharmaceutical industry. Bushra was also reported to have worked for her late husband to gain acceptance and recognition. In the late 1990s, Shawkat assumed key security roles within Syria's military and intelligence apparatus.
Tensions between Bushra and her sister-in-law and Syria's first lady Asma al-Assad were reported. Since Asma's marriage to the Syrian president in 2000, Asma defied social conventions by frequently appearing in public and in the media. It was reported that Bushra disapproved of Asma taking such a public role.
Syrian civil war.
Despite being considered within the inner ruling circle, when the Syrian Civil War broke out in March 2011, Bushra was not placed on the list of officials and relatives of the Assad and Makhlouf families sanctioned by the United States and the European Union, possibly under the hope that she or Asma could possibly stop the crisis. However, following the revelations of Asma Al-Assad's private emails exposing her expensive foreign shopping and mocking civilians killed in the conflict, Bushra, Asma, her mother Anisa, and Maher's wife Manal were placed on the European Union list of people whose financial assets were frozen and barred from entering the EU in March 2012.
Exile.
Bushra moved to the United Arab Emirates in September 2012. She is living in Dubai with her five children and mother Anisa Makhlouf.

</doc>
<doc id="18388672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388672" title="Double Life">
Double Life

Double Life may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388682" title="BC Spartak Pleven">
BC Spartak Pleven

BC Spartak Pleven () are a Bulgarian professional basketball club based in Pleven.
History.
Founded in 1947, Spartak has been 2 times champions of Bulgaria and 1 time Bulgarian Cup winners. They play their home matches at the Balkanstroy Hall. The team is a regular first league participant.
Spartak Pleven has 13 seasons in the European club competitions since their international promotion in 1983. The club from the Northern Bulgarian city of Pleven has glorious victories over basketball giants like Real Madrid, Partizan Belgrade, Besiktas, Benfica, etc. 
Spartak Pleven was eliminated by the Turkish Antalya Basket in their 2008/2009 FIBA Eurochallenge campaign.
Contacts.
1 Grivishko Shose Str. 5800 Pleven, Bulgaria 
Tel. +359 64 829 154
Fax +359 64 800 574

</doc>
<doc id="18388683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388683" title="Coal in Canada">
Coal in Canada

Coal reserves in Canada rank fifth largest in the world (following the former Soviet Union, the US, the People's Republic of China and Australia) at approximately 10 billion tonnes, 4% of the world total. This represents more energy than all of the oil and gas in the country combined. The coal industry generates CDN$5 billion annually. Most of Canada's coal mining occurs in the West of the country. British Columbia operates 10 coal mines, Alberta 9, Saskatchewan 3 and New Brunswick one. Nova Scotia operates several small-scale mines, Westray having closed following the 1992 disaster there.
In 2005, Canada produced 67.3 million tonnes of coal and its consumption was 60 million tonnes. Of this 56 million tonnes were used for electricity generation. The remaining 4 million tonnes was used in the steel, concrete and other industries. The largest consumers of coal in Canada are Alberta and Ontario. In 1997, Alberta accounted for 47% of Canada's coal consumption at 26.2 million tonnes, and Ontario accounted for 25% at 13.8 million tonnes. Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick also use coal to generate electricity to varying degrees.

</doc>
<doc id="18388724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388724" title="Daroli Kalan">
Daroli Kalan

Daroli Kalan is a village near Adampur in the Jalandhar district of the state of Punjab in India. It has 1212 hectares of land. The village population was 3532 in 1991 census.
Geography.
Daroli Kalan is located in the fertile plains of Doaba, Punjab. It shares boundaries with the villages of Padhiana (West), Khiala Pind, Damunda and Daroli Khurd (East).
History.
Daroli Kalan is a part of the Minhas clan villages of this region. It is where the first leader of this Tribe, Shri Kahiti (alias Kati Ji), lived and administered his Jagir. His original residence was in a large fort. The fort existed till early part of the last century, and is documented in the Jalandhar edition of the administrative gazetteer of British Punjab.
"The Minhas Family"
Shri Biram Dev was a commander with the first Mughal emperor Babar. He had aided Babar in his battle against Ibrahim lodhi, the Sultan of Delhi. His son Shri Kailash Dev settled in the Gurdaspur region of Punjab. Kailash Dev's sons Kati and Mati migrated to Jaswan. Here, they served in the government of the Jaswal Raja of Jaswan in high administrative positions. The Raja granted them a Jagir in lieu of their services, in what is the Halta region of Hoshiarpur district of Punjab.
According to clan records, Mati, the elder brother was halfway through marriage rituals, when he was called upon by a Brahmin lady to protect her villagers from Muslim marauders, who were slaughtering cows. Mati ji, in accordance with Rajput principles, which prioritized duty before all other matters, left the marriage halfway along with his followers to stop the massacre. Mati ji succeeded in his mission, but fell martyr. He lost his head, but continued to fight. Chasing the enemy, he fell martyr in what is today Daroli. His would-be wife (as the marriage rituals were only partially completed), Shrimati Sampurni Ji, a Naru Rajput, later committed Sati, in accordance with the Rajput traditions of the time. However, she was only allowed sati in a separate pyre adjoining Baba Mati Ji and not in his pyre as the marriage was still incomplete.
After the above encounter, the surviving brother, Shri Kati ji, exchanged his Halta jagir for the land in Daroli, where his brother fell martyr. The tombs of Mati Ji and Sampurni Ji still exist in Daroli, and are revered by Minhas Rajputs and other people of this region.
All Minhas Rajputs of Daroli Kalan and surrounding villages are descendents of Shri Kati Ji.
"The New Generation"
Sardar Surjit Singh Minhas, a former Minister and later Speaker of Punjab Legislative Assembly, grew up in Daroli. Ranjit Singh Daroli, a former Mayor (Sarpanch) of Daroli for 30 years, served as member of SGPC, a well respected Sikh organization, for 10 years. Also, Bollywood actress and 1988 Miss India, Dolly Minhas, has Daroli heritage.
Past.
Sardar Ranjit Singh was sarpanch of Daroli for more than 25 years.Now Sardar Satnam Singh Minhas is the sarpanch of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18388737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388737" title="Double Live">
Double Live

Double Live may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388738" title="Loucas George">
Loucas George

Loucas George is an American television director and producer. 
Biography.
Loucas is a member of the Directors Guild of America and has been a producer on a number of shows including "Commander in Chief", "Ed", "The O.C.", "Early Edition", "12 Miles of Bad Road" and "Life". 
Personal life.
Loucas and wife Kathryn have two sons, Aidan & Liam.

</doc>
<doc id="18388744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388744" title="If Ever You're in My Arms Again">
If Ever You're in My Arms Again

"If Ever You're in My Arms Again" is a 1984 popular song recorded by the American R&B singer Peabo Bryson. Released as a single from his album "Straight from the Heart", the single peaked at #6 on the R&B chart and was Bryson's first Top 10 single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at #10 during the summer of 1984. It also, and it spent four weeks at #1 on the adult contemporary chart. The song was used as a love theme for the Kelly Capwell and Joe Perkins characters on the daytime serial "Santa Barbara". Bryson would later have two more chart-topping singles on the adult contemporary chart: "A Whole New World", a duet with Regina Belle that was the theme to the film "Aladdin"; and "By the Time This Night Is Over", a song by saxophone player Kenny G on which Bryson was the featured vocalist.

</doc>
<doc id="18388749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388749" title="Canadians for Accountability">
Canadians for Accountability

Canadians for Accountability is a non-profit organization established in 2008 to advocate on whistleblowing issues in Canada and provide support to both public sector and private sector whistleblowers. Canadians for Accountability is Canada's only national whistleblower protection organization. The current President is Allan Cutler, the former Conservative Party of Canada candidate notable for his role as the whistleblower who triggered the Sponsorship Scandal.
Goals.
The stated goals of the organization are to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388755" title="Ganale Dorya River">
Ganale Dorya River

The Ganale Dorya River (also transliterated as Genale Dorya) is a perennial river in southeastern Ethiopia. Rising in the mountains east of Aleta Wendo, the Ganale flows south and east to join with the Dawa at the border with Somalia to become the Jubba. Tributaries include the Welmel, Weyib (also known as Gestro), Dumale, Doya, Hawas and the Hambala. The Del Verme Falls is a notable feature of its middle course.
According to materials published by the Ethiopian Central Statistical Agency, the Genale has a total length of 858 kilometres, of which 480 are inside that country.
The Ethiopian Ministry of Water Resources, describes the catchment area of the Ganale Dorya-Dawa river basin as 171,050 square kilometers in size, with an annual runoff of 5.80 billion cubic metres, and specific discharge of 1.2 litres a second per square kilometre. The catchment area is estimated as having the potential to irrigate 1070 square kilometres, and to generate 9270 gigawatt/hours.
The Genale Dorya is historically important because it served as the boundary between Sidamo and Bale Provinces. The confluence of the Ganale Dorya with the Dawa is notable as the starting point for the boundary between Ethiopia and Kenya to the west, and the starting point for the boundary between Ethiopia and Somalia to the east. The Battle of Genale Doria was fought to the south of its course.

</doc>
<doc id="18388761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388761" title="Paine &amp; Partners">
Paine &amp; Partners

Paine & Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout transactions. The firm was founded in 2007 by W. Dexter Paine III following his departure from predecessor Fox Paine & Company, which he had co-founded in 1997.
In 2007, the Paine & Partners formalized a year-long separation process, with Fox Paine co-founder Saul Fox retaining the predecessor firm's name, while Dexter Paine formed a new firm, Paine & Partners, with the legacy Fox Paine investment team.
The firm primarily invests in financial services and insurance companies, with investments in semiconductors, agribusiness, healthcare, energy, telecommunications, industrials and consumer goods.
Paine & Partners is headquarterd in Foster City, California, with offices in New York City and Chicago.
History.
In 2005, Saul Fox and Dexter Paine, the two partners of Fox Paine & Company, began showing signs of disagreement about the raising of a third investment fund, with Dexter Paine pushing the effort and Saul Fox preferring to focus on existing investments. In 2006, they reached an agreement that let Dexter Paine launch what was originally known as Fox Paine Capital Fund III, without Saul Fox's active involvement. However under this arrangement Fox would receive a 25% interest in the new fund's general partnership.
The situation broke down in 2007 and the two partners resorted to litigation to settle a number of disputes.
In December 2007, Fox and Paine came to a compromise under which Saul Fox retained the use of the Fox Paine name and control over the investments in Fox Paine Fund II. In return, Saul Fox ceded his interest in Fox Paine Fund III, which would subsequently be renamed Paine Capital Fund III as well as the remaining legacy interest in the original Fox Paine Capital Fund.
Prior to co-founding founding Fox Paine in 1997, Paine had been an investment banker and private equity investor at San Francisco-based Robertson Stephens and later Kohlberg & Co. The two partners had been encouraged to work together given their previous business dealings. In 1985, Dexter Paine had helped Saul Fox arrange financing for the leveraged buyout of Motel 6, while at KKR.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18388765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388765" title="Xie Shichen">
Xie Shichen

Xiè Shíchén (Hsieh Shih-ch'en, traditional: 謝時臣, simplified: 谢时臣); ca. (1488-"unknown") was a Chinese landscape painter during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644). His specific date of death is not known.
Xie was born in Suzhou in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Sizhong' and his sobriquet was 'Chuxian'. Xie's landscapes followed the style of Guo Xi and Shen Zhou.

</doc>
<doc id="18388797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388797" title="Kolageran">
Kolageran

Kolageran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388800" title="Hagerstown Community College">
Hagerstown Community College

Recent Developments: In 2012-2013, HCC renovated three instructional buildings and completed construction on a brand new Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) Building. The five-story STEM Building houses all of HCC’s STEM programs including biotechnology, alternative energy, cybersecurity, and many others. It includes sophisticated laboratories, classrooms, and faculty offices, and features several green components including a rainwater harvesting system, solar panels, and two green roofs.
HCC’s Kepler Theater was expanded to include the addition of a Performing and Visual Arts Education Center, which features a dance studio/black box theater, campus gallery, classrooms, music practice rooms, art rooms, and faculty offices. The theater itself was also renovated and now includes expanded dressing rooms, a costume shop, and extended wardrobe storage.
First built in 1966, the existing Classroom Building and the former Science Building were renovated in 2013. The Classroom Building became the Behavioral Sciences and Humanities (BSH) Building and now houses classrooms, faculty office, and the new Fletcher Faculty Development Center. The former Science Building was renamed the Learning Support Center (LSC) in honor of its new function: the central location for HCC’s developmental education programs and tutoring services. The LSC offers drop-in student tutoring on a variety of subjects including science, math, English, and computers.
Accreditation.
Hagerstown Community College (HCC) is a two-year public community college offering both transfer and career-oriented programs, as well as continuing education classes. The College has maintained accreditation by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools since its first review in 1968 and continues to meet the requirements necessary to maintain that accreditation. HCC is a member of the American Association of Community Colleges.

</doc>
<doc id="18388822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388822" title="Nora Lam">
Nora Lam

Nora Lam (September 4, 1932 – February 2, 2004) was a Chinese Protestant Christian minister to China, and founder of Nora Lam Ministries International (NLMI). Lam was born in China and lived there until her escape to Hong Kong at age 26.
Youth and Japanese Invasion.
Nora Lam was born September 4, 1932 in a missionary hospital in Beijing, China. Abandoned at birth, she was adopted six months later by Dr. and Mrs. H.T. Sung, a prominent couple in Shanghai. Her adoptive mother was a member of one of Shanghai's wealthiest families. Her adoptive father was born September 11, 1900 and was educated in France, where he received some Catholic instruction. He, however, was not religious. Lam was given the name Neng Yee Sung, and she described her childhood as being spoiled and pampered.
In 1937, the conflict on the Marco Polo Bridge in Beijing led to the start of war with Japan. When Japanese forces reached Shanghai in 1939, Sung, then age 7, and her family fled their home to go live at her step-grandmother's home in Shanghai's French Concession. In 1941, she attended the McTyeire Home and School for Girls, where she first heard of Christianity. During her time there, Sung had a vision of a guardian angel, appearing in the form of an old man. She felt this guardian angel advised her throughout her life.
In 1942, at age ten, her family fled the Japanese again, this time to her grandfather's home in Chongqing, Zhang Jieshi's war time capital in southwest China. The family traveled most of the 1500 miles on foot.
Return to Shanghai.
After the war ended in 1945, the Sung Family returned to Shanghai. Her father began practicing medicine again at the Huantou Textile Hospital, and Sung was enrolled in the academically prestigious Mary Farnham School, a boarding school for girls run by Presbyterian missionaries. Influenced by many of her classmates, Sung professed to be a Christian on the eve of her middle school entrance exam. By age 16, however, she had stopped professing to be a Christian. 
Following the end of the Chinese Civil War in 1949, she enrolled at Huatung Political Science & Law College in Suzhou with aspirations of becoming a lawyer. She graduated third in her class in 1953 and became an assistant professor teaching law and history. She met and fell in love with Cheng Shen Lam, another law student at the university. In 1955, realizing that she was pregnant, she and Lam were married. Their son was born later that year.
Interrogation, Firing Squad, and Escape.
Due to her parents wealth and western training and to her own experiences with foreign missionaries, Neng Yee was interrogated by Communist party officials, who wanted to break her of any bourgeois tendencies. As she was questioned, she began to question herself, realizing that she still believed in Christianity. In her autobiography, China Cry, Neng Yee claimed she was sentenced to death by firing squad but miraculously survived. 
In 1957, her husband, whose parents lived in Hong Kong, was also interrogated by officials as part of the first Anti-Rightist Movement. During this time, Neng Yee gave birth to her second child, Ruth Lam Kendrick. One month later, Neng Yee's father, who had previously lost his job and had been forced into reeducation through labor, died from experimental drugs officials tested on him.
In 1958, just as Mao Zedong's Great Leap Forward was beginning, Cheng Shen was able to obtain an exit visa to Hong Kong to visit his ailing father. He took daughter Ruth with him. Neng Yee, acting as a guarantor for his return, was forced to undergo hard labor despite being pregnant with their third child. After petitioning Beijing, she was granted an exit visa to visit Hong Kong during her maternity leave. Her mother's escape to Hong Kong followed two years later.
Life in Hong Kong.
After reaching Hong Kong in 1958, the couple's third child was born. The Rev. Paul Kauffman served as their pastor in Hong Kong, but the couple soon had marital difficulties. Neng Yee, now known as Nora Lam, claimed spousal abuse, divorced her husband, and was re-married to S. K. Sung, an elder at the church.
Nora's mother escaped to Hong Kong two years after she did.
Life in the United States.
The US Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 significantly reduced immigration quotas and gave Nora the chance to immigrate to the United States. With a sponsorship from Kathryn Kuhlman, Nora was able to immigrate to the US with her children, mother, and first husband Cheng Shen, in 1966. She became a naturalized US citizen.
In 1974, she founded Nora Lam Ministries International in San Jose, California and began making annual missionary crusades to Asia. Crowds as large as 100,000 were in attendance at her evening crusades in Taiwan. She also had a daily radio program broadcast in Taiwan and accessible in Mainland China. Other ministries include orphanages and Chinese language Bible distribution.
Lam received the Korean Association of Social Work Award, a medal from the Pacific Cultural Foundation, an award from the Overseas Chinese Affairs Commission, and a special award from Sung Ro Won Children's Home in Korea, along with the respect of national leaders. 
Lam and her second husband adopted two children from Taiwan.
Death.
She died in California on February 2, 2004. She was survived by two sons, three daughters and seven grandchildren. Her oldest daughter Ruth Lam Kendrick is president of Nora Lam Ministries International, now renamed World Children's Fund, which continues to support Chinese house churches, Christian orphanages and children's programs around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18388830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388830" title="Siel Orchestra">
Siel Orchestra

The Siel Orchestra is an analogue subtractive synthesizer, which was produced by Italian manufacturer Siel from 1979 to 1982. The original Orchestra was very limited but still a very characteristic instrument for its time. It produces its sounds from a divide-down oscillator network and therefore has 49 note (unlimited) polyphony. Although it contains 4 sections of presets (Brass, Strings, Reed and Piano), each which contain two sounds, the only parameters that can be edited are Vibrato (LFO), Brilliance (for the Brass, which also has a separate 'Brass Attack'), Attack and Decay. This ultimately means that the Orchestra cannot produce many different sounds; however because of its Italian origin and its distinctive routing, the Orchestra sound is not matched by any other similar synthesizers. 
The Orchestra was later bought by ARP Instruments to be slightly modified, relabeled and then sold as the ARP Quartet. This version replaced the Reed section with an Organ one, however aside from that the synthesizer was almost identical.
The Orchestra does not support MIDI or any other means of communicating with other electronic instruments, however it does include a volume pedal socket which could be mistaken for a MIDI port.
Orchestra 2.
Later, a more programmable version of the Orchestra was released. It still used 4 preset sections, however it offered many improvements over the original version. A better filter for the brass section was included and more sounds were added to other sections. It also introduced a very simple LFO, a graphic equalizer, octave transpotion and an 'animator section' which was effectively a flange effect. It also had a pitch bend function which was surprisingly never included with the first version Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="18388836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388836" title="Brevoort">
Brevoort

Brevoort may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388837" title="Zeng Jing">
Zeng Jing

Zeng Jing (Tseng Ching, traditional: 曾鯨, simplified: 曾鲸); ca. 1564-1647 was a Chinese painter during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644). He was best known as a portrait painter.
Biography.
Zeng was born in Putian in the Fujian province. He lived and worked in Nanjing, but also moved around Hangzhou, Wuzhen, Ningbo, Songjiang, and other cities.
Painting style.
Zeng Jing painted using subtle light and shade, and he was considered by many critics as being significant for his assimilation of illusionistic concave and convex method of western oil painting. His portraits were described as "breathtaking real, as though they were reflection of the sitter in the mirror." A common feature of his portrait is the presence of large area of empty spaces surrounding the figure.
The style of Zeng Jing was distinctive enough that it became known as Bochen style, after Zeng's style name 'Bochen'. His followers and disciples are known as the Bochen school, and the most accomplished amongst them include Xie Bin (1601-1681).

</doc>
<doc id="18388839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388839" title="SS Catalina">
SS Catalina

The S.S. Catalina, also known as The Great White Steamer, was a 301-foot steamship built in 1924 that provided passenger service on the 26-mile passage between Los Angeles and Santa Catalina Island from 1924 to 1975. According to the Steamship Historical Society of America, the Catalina has carried more passengers than any other vessel anywhere. The "S.S. Catalina" also served as a troop ship during World War II, transporting more than 800,000 soldiers and sailors. After a period of service as a floating discotheque, the ship ran aground on a sandbar in Ensenada Harbor in 1997 and remained there half-submerged and decaying for more than a decade.
In January 2009 it was announced that the ship would be cut up for scrap, which has been completed.
Passenger service to Santa Catalina Island.
The ship was originally built in 1924 at a cost of $1 million for William Wrigley Jr., the chewing gum and confectionery magnate who owned most of Catalina Island. Between 1924 and 1975, the "S.S. Catalina" carried about 25 million passengers between Los Angeles and Avalon Harbor. According to the Steamship Historical Society of America, the "Catalina" has carried more passengers than any other vessel anywhere.
In its heyday, the ship was known as the "Great White Steamer" and carried 2,000 passengers at a time on the two-and-a-half hour trip to Catalina. Among its famous passengers were Presidents Calvin Coolidge and Herbert Hoover, actor Robert Mitchum and many of the great musicians of the Big Band era. The "Los Angeles Times" recalled the passage this way:"To board the Catalina during its heyday was to enter a world of luxurious leather settees and gleaming teak. On the upper deck people danced to swinging big bands. Magicians and clowns entertained passengers. On the lower deck youngsters played hide and seek among the lifeboats, and couples found hidden spots where they could be alone. ... Residents fondly remember the rituals with which the ship was greeted as it approached the island: Speedboats would circle the ship, water skiers slicing through its giant wake. Closer to shore, children swam out to dive for coins passengers tossed into the bay. People in Avalon gathered to sing as passengers stepped off the ship that docked near the center of town." 
In 1958, the 26-mile trip to Catalina Island was made famous by Four Preps' hit song "26 Miles (Santa Catalina)". The song reached the #2 position on the U.S. popular music charts. The metric distance of "40 kil-o-meters" also is sung.
In 1960, fed up with all of the excessive taxation and union pressure, Phillip K. Wrigley sold the ship to a group of investors, known as M.G.R.S. President, Charlie Stillwell, and Vice President, Vern Maynard who was also President of Channel Concessions, ran the ship, as well as managed the Casino Ballroom during the early to mid-1960s.
The ship is featured in the 1967 film "Catalina Caper".
Troop ship in World War II.
During World War II, the "Catalina" was used as a troop ship in San Francisco Bay, transporting more than 820,000 sailors and soldiers – more than any other military transport ship in the war effort.
Retirement and abandonment in Ensenada.
By the early 1970s, smaller, faster vessels made it difficult for the "Catalina" to compete for passenger traffic, and she was retired from passenger service in 1975.
In 1977, the "Catalina" was purchased at auction for $70,000 by real estate developer Hymie Singer. He bought the ship as a Valentine's Day gift for his wife and the steamship was moved for several years between Newport Beach, San Diego, Santa Monica Bay and Long Beach. At one point, there was a proposal for the "Catalina" to ferry tourists up the Nile River, but her 21 feet of draft was too deep for the river. As the ship bounced from one port to another, one writer noted: "Twice she broke free of her moorings in Long Beach and once nearly hit a tanker; it was as if the ship was rebelling against her fate, having gone from being a source of pride to an embarrassment to a naval hazard."
In 1985, Singer moved the ship to Ensenada, Baja California, where she became the focus of a series of unsuccessful business ventures, including a floating discotheque and the Catalina Bar and Grill. In late 1997, the "Catalina" escaped its moorings and became stuck on a sandbar in Ensenada Harbor. Since that time, the "Catalina" remained half-submerged and stuck in the mud in the harbor. After years of neglect, the "Catalina" was badly decayed and rusted and had been stripped by looters and vandals.
Historic recognition and preservation efforts.
The "Catalina" was recognized as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (LAHCM #213) by the city's Cultural Heritage Commission, and was a California Historical Landmark. She was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. Preservationists had sought since the late 1990s to raise funds to return the "Catalina" to Los Angeles for restoration. Others had opposed raising the ship, saying, "It's like digging up grandma and putting her at the head of the table."
Demise.
The "Catalina" was finally broken up after sitting in Ensenada Harbor for about 12 years. The scrapping of the "SS Catalina" began in January 2009 and was finished by late 2009 or early 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18388851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388851" title="Odetta at Carnegie Hall">
Odetta at Carnegie Hall

Odetta at Carnegie Hall is a live album by American folk singer Odetta, recorded on April 8, 1960 and released later that year. It is now out of print.
The Choir of the Church of the Master accompanies Odetta on the last four songs.
"At Carnegie Hall" is also available along with "At Town Hall" from the same era, on Vanguard's double-LP "The Essential Odetta", but the CD version of that release omits two songs from the "At Carnegie Hall" LP and 8 songs from the "At Town Hall" LP. It was also re-released on CD along with "Ballad For Americans and Other American Ballads" on the Italian label Universe. It is difficult to locate as an import.

</doc>
<doc id="18388854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388854" title="Mount Hodson">
Mount Hodson

Mount Hodson is an ice-covered stratovolcano and the highest point on Visokoi Island, South Sandwich Islands. It might have erupted in 1830 and 1930, and the summit usually steams. Named after Sir Arnold Wienholt Hodson (1881-1944), Governor of the Falkland Islands and Dependencies, 1926-30.

</doc>
<doc id="18388859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388859" title="Nine-point hyperbola">
Nine-point hyperbola

Discovery.
The nine-point hyperbola was first discovered by E.F. Allen and his work was published in a volume of The American Mathematical Monthly in December, 1941. Allen was able to take the work that English Mathematician Frank Morley completed on the nine-point circle using complex numbers in his book Inverse Geometry (1933) and apply it to hyperbolas using split complex numbers using the equation zz* = 1 for hyperbolas in the split-complex plane.
The nine-point hyperbola was recalled by Isaak Yaglom when describing "Minkowskian geometry" in the conclusion of his book "A Simple Non-Euclidean Geometry and its Physical Basis" (1979). For Yaglom, a hyperbola is a "Minkowskian circle". He says on page 193
Construction.
Similarly given a rectangular hyperbola, this same nine-point circle can be constructed using the same methods used above when complete; the rectangular nine-point hyperbola would look like this.

</doc>
<doc id="18388867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388867" title="Zhang Lu (painter)">
Zhang Lu (painter)

Zhang Lu (; ca. 1464-1538) was a Chinese landscape painter during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Zhang was born in Xiangfu (祥符; present-day Kaifeng, Henan). His courtesy name was Tianchi (天馳) and his pseudonym was Pingshan (平山). He was a student of Wu Wei. Zhang followed the Zhe school of painting. He painted landscapes and human figures in a free and uninhibited style.

</doc>
<doc id="18388868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388868" title="Yevhen Shyryayev">
Yevhen Shyryayev

Yevhen Shyryayev (; born 22 February 1984, Uspenivka, Sarata Raion, in the Odessa Oblast of the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union, now in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who last played for FC Zirka Kirovohrad in the Ukrainian First League. 
He joined FC Chornomorets Odesa in the winter of 2000-2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18388890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388890" title="National Geology and Mining Service">
National Geology and Mining Service

Servicio Nacional de Geología y Minería (National Geology and Mining Service), abbreviated as SERNAGEOMIN, is a Chilean government agency. Its function is to provide geological information and advice, technical assistance to government, public and private interests, and to regulate the mining industry in Chile.
It was formed in 1980 by the combination of the previous "Institute of Geological Investigations" and the "State Mines Service". Its National Director is appointed by the President of Chile; its present National Director (since 2006) is Patricio Cartagena. 
SERNAGEOMIN publishes since 1974 the scientific journal "Andean Geology", which was until 2009 named "Revista Geológica de Chile".

</doc>
<doc id="18388897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388897" title="List of Prime Ministers of Korea">
List of Prime Ministers of Korea

List of Prime Ministers of Pre-republic Korea.
Prime Ministers during the Monarchy.
The title of Prime Minister (style wijongdaeshin) was created during the last years of the Korean Empire and during the early years of being under Japanese rule:
Provisional Government in Exile.
During the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea in Exile in Shanghai, China, a PM was create for a brief few days to replace the Chairman of the Provisional Legislative Assembly:
The role was changed over to Chief Executive in 1919; changed again as Premier 1919-1926 and finally as President from 1926-1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18388905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388905" title="Doug Holmquist">
Doug Holmquist

Douglas Leonard Holmquist (October 4, 1941 – February 27, 1988) was an American minor league baseball player and manager, as well as Major League Baseball coach for the New York Yankees. He played professionally from to and managed and/or coached from to . He led his teams to win the league championships in and .
His entire seven-year managerial career was spent in the Yankees farm system. He served for four years at their Class A Fort Lauderdale Yankees of the Florida State League, then a year at the Class A Greensboro Hornets of the South Atlantic League, and then a year at their Double-A Nashville Sounds of the Southern League. After sitting out 1984 as skipper, Holmquist returned for a final year in 1985, managing the Triple-A Columbus Clippers of the International League. That year, he managed 22 games before being replaced by Stump Merrill. In 1984 and 1985, he was a coach for the major league Yankees.

</doc>
<doc id="18388906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388906" title="Juice Newton discography">
Juice Newton discography

The discography of American singer Juice Newton consists of 17 studio albums, one live album, 5 compilation albums, 38 singles, one video album, nine music videos, three guest appearances on all-star tribute albums, and dramatic readings in two audio book anthologies.

</doc>
<doc id="18388911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388911" title="Denis McDonough">
Denis McDonough

Denis Richard McDonough (born December 2, 1969) is the 26th and current White House Chief of Staff, succeeding Jack Lew during President Obama's second term.
Early life and education.
McDonough was born on December 2, 1969, in Stillwater, Minnesota. He was one of eleven children of William and Kathleen McDonough. McDonough attended Saint John's University in Collegeville, Minnesota, where he played safety on the Johnnies football team for Hall of Fame coach John Gagliardi. McDonough was a member of teams that won two conference titles in the Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference. McDonough graduated from Saint John's University with a B.A. "summa cum laude" in history and Spanish in 1992. He was raised in a devout Catholic family.
After graduation, McDonough traveled extensively throughout Latin America and taught high school in Belize. He then attended Georgetown University and graduated with an MSFS degree from the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service in 1996.
Early career.
From 1996 to 1999, McDonough worked as an aide to the House Foreign Affairs Committee, where he focused on Latin America. McDonough then served as a senior foreign policy advisor to Senator Tom Daschle. After Daschle's re-election defeat in 2004, McDonough became legislative director for newly elected Senator Ken Salazar. McDonough later served as a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress in 2004.
In 2007, Senator Barack Obama's chief foreign policy advisor, Navy reservist Mark Lippert, was called into active duty and recruited McDonough to serve as his replacement during Lippert's deployment to Iraq. McDonough continued to serve as a senior foreign policy advisor to Obama during his 2008 presidential campaign.
Obama administration.
After President Obama's election, he joined the administration as the National Security Council's head of Strategic Communication. He also served as National Security Council Chief of Staff.
On October 22, 2010, President Barack Obama announced that McDonough would be replacing Thomas E. Donilon as Deputy National Security Advisor, who was leaving his position to succeed General James L. Jones as National Security Advisor. McDonough was seen in photos of the White House Situation Room taken during the monitoring of the SEAL operation in Pakistan that resulted in the death of Osama bin Laden in May 2011.
On January 25, 2013, Obama appointed Denis McDonough as his Chief of Staff. In February 2013 McDonough urged lawmakers to quickly confirm Chuck Hagel and John O. Brennan to their posts in Obama’s national security team, expressing “grave concern” about the delays.
As Chief of Staff, the former Congressional staffer has made greater outreach to Republican Senators a major priority, with several Republicans referring to his tenure as Chief of Staff as a breath of fresh air.

</doc>
<doc id="18388913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388913" title="Camp Lockett">
Camp Lockett

Camp Lockett was a United States Army military base located in Campo, California, east of San Diego, and north of the Mexican border. Camp Lockett has historical connections to the Buffalo Soldiers due to the 10th and 28th Cavalry Regiments having been garrisoned there during World War II. It was named in honor of Colonel James R. Lockett who fought in the Spanish-American War, Philippine Insurrection, and the Punitive Expedition. There was an active preservation effort underway with long term plans of creating the 'Camp Locket Historic District' in the National Register of Historic Places, which ended due to private property concerns. In 2009 it was designated as a California Historical Landmark, and there are plans to create a county park out of the majority of its former area.
History.
19th century.
Although travel through the area had been occurring for centuries, with the Diegueño Native Americans having lived there long before European settlement, it wasn't until the end of the 1860s and the early 1870s when a permanent Non-Native American settlement was established in the Campo Valley area. The area was settled by people migrating west from Texas, so much so that the area at one time was called "Little Texas". In 1869, John Capron established a regular stagecoach run from San Diego, by way of Dulzura and Campo, to Yuma which continued to run until 1912.
As with many places in the American Southwest this immigration brought new interactions between the people living in the area, including the Mexicans who lived not to far to the south. A telegraph line and a stop for the stagecoach was established, and was run by the Larkin family. It brought additional commerce to the area; however, with commerce came crime. On 4 December 1875, a gunfight between the denizens of Campo and a group of Mexican bandits, who had earlier killed the former Governor of Baja California Antonio Sosa in a robbery, took place at Gaskill's Store. After all was said and done the events of that day led to eight dead and two wounded. Company G of the 1st Cavalry Regiment was sent by order of Major General John Schofield to San Diego to provide armed assistance to the area. Lieutenant Storey commanded a detachment of ten troopers, detaching four troopers to conduct "outpost" duty after shooting himself in the hip, thus providing the first soldiers to be stationed in what would be Camp Lockett.
In May 1876, a large assembly of outlaws assembled in Tecate to attempt to rob the stagecoach station. The Company was sent east to assist under the command of Captain Reuben Bernard, a veteran of the Modoc War; this dispersed the would-be assailants. In the summer of that same year, a group of Native Americans came north from Mexico and began living off the Larkin Family's cattle. Contacting the Alcalde (mayor) of Tecate, Pete Larkin was advised to confront the Native Americans. The confrontation became a fight, leading to the death of a Native American. This brought reprisal when the chief of the Native Americans asked for protection from the Alcalde, who subsequently assembled a posse and drove the cattle south of the border. Again the Cavalry came east to assist, which led to the abandoning of the cattle by the posse of the Alcalde and the posse's dispersal. This led the increase to the size of those on "outpost" duty to that of a squad.
By 1877 the squad's duty ended as the 1st Cavalry Regiment was sent north due to the Little Big Horn Campaign, being replaced in San Diego by H Company, 8th Infantry Regiment. Company H was later replaced by Company I of the same Infantry Regiment in 1878 due to the Bannock Campaign. They would remain in San Diego until at least 1898, however no significant military presence would be seen Campo until 1895. In that year, about forty Yaquis were pressed into the Mexican Army, and later mutinied in Ensenada; in doing so they killed three people including their Captain's wife, and began to flee northward to obtain horses to travel back to where they came from. In response the U.S. Army sent ten infantrymen under the command of Lieutenant Hubert to Campo. Although a farm was raided, the infantry's presence prevented the group from continuing further into the United States, and they were eventually subdued by Mexican Militia forces south of Jacumba.
World War I.
In response to the Zimmerman Telegram it was decided that detachments of the 11th Cavalry Regiment would be stationed along the US–Mexico border. In part this was done by stationing Troop E at what would become Camp Lockett in 1918, named after the 4th Colonel in command of the 11th Cavalry Regiment. Troop E would remain stationed there until August 1920 when they were relocated to the Presidio of Monterey, and replaced by Troop D of the same regiment. Later on in that same year the force at Campo would be reduced to that of a platoon, while the rest of the Troop moved to Camp Lawrence J. Hearn at Palm City, near present day Imperial Beach. Eventually both locations would be abandoned when the Regiment was recombined in Monterey in the 1920s.
World War II.
First construction phase in 1941.
The first phase of construction, which occurred in 1941, housed the 11th Cavalry Regiment. Standard Army Quartermaster Corps Series 700 and 800 plans were used for the original camp and included housing areas (barracks, officers quarters, day room, mess hall, and storehouse), stable areas (stables, blacksmith shops, and hay sheds), a veterinary facility, the quartermaster area, motor pool area, hospital (staff quarters and wards), administration buildings, recreation buildings, a chapel, and post exchange.
Original infrastructure included roads and streets, a sewage treatment plant, incinerator, and water supply system. Importantly, during this time several buildings from the pre-Army era were converted to military support uses, including the 1885 Gaskill Stone Store. By November 1941, Camp Lockett housing was ready for occupancy.
In 1942, the Army transferred the 11th Cavalry Regiment to Fort Benning, Georgia and converted it to motorized armor. At Camp Lockett, the 10th Cavalry Regiment replaced the 11th Cavalry Regiment. As war mobilization continued new troopers were organized into the 28th Cavalry Regiment, forming the 4th Cavalry Brigade of the 2nd Cavalry Division.
The Western Defense Command’s Southern Land Frontier Sector also moved to Camp Lockett at this time. This command consisted primarily of administrative personnel responsible for planning the defense of southern Arizona and California; they fell under General John L. DeWitt, whom surveyed what would be Camp Lockett in 1940.
Second construction phase of 1942–1943.
The expanded presence necessitated a second phase of construction from 1942 to 1943, which conformed to standard Theater of Operations plans, an even more expedient construction than the mobilization architecture
utilized in the first phase.
Most of the new construction centered on additional stable and troop housing areas for the 28th Cavalry Regiment one mile north of the original encampment. The 28th area included additional stables, hay sheds, and blacksmith shops. The original veterinary complex was expanded for the 2nd Veterinary Company.
Additional troop areas included a regimental headquarters, barracks, mess halls, latrines, and storerooms. Support buildings in the 28th Cavalry area included a post exchange, chapel, motor pool, and fire station. Recreational additions included the swimming pool complex between the 10th and 28th Cavalry areas, additional NCO and Officers’ Clubs, a gymnasium, and the outdoor amphitheater Merritt Bowl. Civilian housing and single-status dormitories were also constructed.
In early 1944, the 4th Cavalry Brigade was sent to North Africa then disbanded and converted into service units. With their departure from Camp Lockett, the era of the horse soldier ended. Camp Lockett was in stand-by status for several months.
Convalescent hospital activated in 1944.
In July 1944, the Army Service Forces activated the Mitchell Convalescent Hospital at former Camp Lockett. The hospital was the first Army Service Forces convalescent hospital in the United States. To expand the original Camp Lockett hospital, many buildings were moved and converted to hospital wards and other uses.
Prisoner of war camp established in 1944.
Concurrent with activation of the convalescent hospital was the establishment of the prisoner of war camp in the 28th Cavalry Regiment area. The POW camp, a branch of the Riverside County Camp Haan, housed Italian and German prisoners of war, who worked in all phases of hospital operation, including services, maintenance, and construction.
Base Closure.
The convalescent hospital remained active at Camp Lockett until June 1946, when the facility closed and the installation was declared surplus. Starting in 1949 the Army began to close the base. Leased properties reverted to their original owners, 600 acres were transferred to the County of San Diego, and 39 acres were transferred to the Mountain Empire Union High School District.
Current status.
In 2003, the former military base was designated a Historic District by the State of California. In 2009, the San Diego County Probation Department said it was planning to shut down their facilities at what was Camp Lockett.
Buildings and structures.
The district includes 52 standing buildings and 2 structures or complexes of structures built during the period of significance. Two contributing building were constructed before the establishment of Camp Lockett but were used by the U.S. Army during the period of significance.
The primary categories of functional building types associated with the period of significance are present in the district. With few exceptions, the buildings constructed by the Army are wood-framed, mobilization-style architecture supported on concrete piers or slabs. Infrastructure buildings, such as those in the sewage disposal plant, are built of poured concrete.
Most of the surviving buildings and structures date from the early phase of construction in 1941; there are no standing Theater of Operations-style buildings dating from the 1942–43 period of construction. Several of the contributors were moved during the period of significance, in conjunction with establishment of the Mitchell Convalescent Hospital in 1944.
Built properties contributing to the Camp Lockett Cultural Landscape Historic District represent a wide range of functional types from the historic period of significance. Personnel support functions are represented in mess halls, day rooms, officers’ quarters, supply buildings.
Recreational buildings include the base theater, swimming pool (now filled), and bathhouses. Buildings associated with care of the horses include stables and blacksmith shop. General support buildings include firehouse, guardhouse, maintenance, motor pool garage, and cellblock.
The hospital area contains administrative buildings, barracks, wards, mess halls, storehouses, dispensary, and civilian employee housing. Camp infrastructure properties include the sewage plant, portions of the water system, and the incinerator.
Pre-Lockett buildings utilized by the Army during the period of significance include the Gaskill Brothers Stone Store and the Ferguson Ranch House.
Historic archaeological features.
Historic archaeological features, especially foundations, representing a range of building and structure types from the period of significance contribute to the district and are enumerated as features within one site for this nomination. A total of 47 features resulting from original barracks, day rooms, mess halls, storehouses, officers’ quarters, chapel, and stables are present.
The Western Defense Command’s Southern Land Frontier Sector headquarters building is represented in an archaeological feature.
Landscape features contributing to the district include original circulation routes, mortared field stone hardscape features, patterned plantings, and open training areas. Eleven circulation routes laid out as part of original camp construction remain in the district.
In several locations, mortared stone retaining walls and drainage features accompany the circulation routes. Patterned plantings dating from the period of significance, as well as the oak grove in Chaffee Park also contribute to the district.
The Italian Prisoners of War Shrine, which is located about a mile north of the main encampment, also contributes to the district as a landscape element. The shrine is mortared into a bedrock outcrop and features a glass-enclosed Catholic statuette and engraved stone.
Portrayal in popular media.
A reunion of former cavalrymen at Camp Lockett was featured on the "California's Gold" TV program,
</ref> which is predominantly broadcast on public television stations.

</doc>
<doc id="18388914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388914" title="Robert Steele">
Robert Steele

Robert Steele may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18388921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388921" title="Roger B. Hayden">
Roger B. Hayden

Roger B. Hayden was the County Executive of Baltimore County, Maryland from 1990-1994.
During Hayden's single term as county executive, he was controversial for various decisions made within the county, including the closing of nine of the then 24 branches of Baltimore County Public Library.

</doc>
<doc id="18388922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388922" title="Jacob Joseph Taubenhaus">
Jacob Joseph Taubenhaus

Dr. Jacob Joseph Taubenhaus, born in Safed, Palestine on October 20, 1884, was Chief of the Division of Plant Pathology and Physiology of the Texas Agricultural Experiment Station at the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas (now Texas A&M University) from 1916 until his death on December 13, 1937. During his life, he was also a leader in Jewish affairs at the university and was a founder of Texas A&M Hillel. 
He graduated from National Farm School in Doylestown, Pennsylvania in 1904. He received his PhD from the University of Pennsylvania in 1913 under the direction of J.W. Harshberger with his dissertation titled, "The Diseases of the Sweet Pea (1914)." Taubenhaus was hired as Assistant Plant Pathologist at the Delaware Agricultural Experiment Station at Delaware College (now the University of Delaware) in 1909 and was promoted to Associate Plant Pathologist in 1913. He held this position until 1916. He started his position of Chief of the Division of Plant Pathology and Physiology at the Texas Agricultural Experiment Station in 1916. He became a member of the graduate faculty of Texas A&M College in 1924. In Texas, he worked on diseases of a multitude of crops, including sweet potatoes, corn, onions, melons and tomatoes. With Walter Ezekiel, he published a check list of diseases in Texas. Much of his research focused on the etiology and control of cotton root rot, caused by the fungus, "Phymatotrichopsis omnivora". With Walter Ezekiel, he published a study evaluating the susceptibility of more than 2000 plant species to this pathogen. At the time of his death, he had 91 major scientific publications. Along with his wife Esther, he founded Texas A&M Hillel in 1916, then named the "TAMC Menorah Club." Taubenhaus was a Mason, a member of the Botanical Society of America, Sigma Xi, and a charter member of the American Phytopathological Society. He maintained his position as head of the plant pathology and physiology division of the Texas Agricultural Experiment Station until his death in 1937. He married Esther Hirschenson in 1910 and they had two children, Leon J. Taubenhaus, M.D., M.P.H. (December 29, 1912 - November 4, 1973) and Ruth T. Gross, M.D. (June 24, 1920 - October 16, 2007). Jacob Taubenhaus is buried in the Bryan (Texas) City Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18388923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388923" title="Psychological Medicine (journal)">
Psychological Medicine (journal)

Psychological Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of psychiatry and related aspects of psychology and basic sciences. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 6.159.
History.
The journal was established by Michael Shepherd in 1969 and he remained its editor until 1993. It is interesting to note that Shepherd favoured the term "Psychological Medicine" over "Psychiatry" and he attached great importance to the title which he resurrected from the ""Journal of Psychological Medicine"", first conceived by Forbes Benignus Winslow. He defined psychological medicine as including not only to psychiatry, but also to the study of abnormal behaviour. He concentrated on original high-quality works across the wide spectrum of both psychiatry and its allied disciplines. Shepherd contributed extensively himself, investing much time and care towards the journal's success. According to his successor, "Psychological Medicine" was to become perhaps Shepherd's greatest and most enduring creation set in an already highly distinguished academic and research career.

</doc>
<doc id="18388927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388927" title="Soprano sfogato">
Soprano sfogato

In the art of singing, the term "soprano sfogato" (unlimited soprano) designates a singer (contralto or mezzo-soprano) capable of – by sheer industry or natural talent – extending her upper range and being able to encompass the coloratura soprano tessitura. It is sometimes called "soprano assoluta".
Origin.
In the early 19th century as well as in the baroque and classical periods, distinctions between voices were not based so much on the range as in the tessitura and color of the voice. There were two main groups: soprano and alto. Their range was often blurred, relying more on tessitura to cast different roles in opera. In Italian bel canto, the soprano did not have extremely high notes actually written (often just to high C or D) and it was not until the nightingale type of sopranos such as Jenny Lind, Fanny Persiani, Adelina Patti and her imitators that ending the cabalettas in a climactic high E or E became traditional as it was in the French grand opera which became so popular when Rossini moved to Paris. Singers however did ornament higher than high C but in a light and fast way as it was done still in the classical and baroque periods. Virtuosity was shown by quick-silver agility, changes in register and tessitura, perfect control of dynamics and tonal coloration, not by whistle-like high notes.
For mezzos/contraltos on the other hand, they started to be more used in Rossini's bel canto operas for example, and to assume roles replacing the castrati who by that time were almost extinct, and composers demanded a range often going as high as B below high C. This change in demand of the voice would give birth to the "soprano " or "assoluta"
These voices had in common with those of the greatest castrati the ability to sing widely contrasting tessituras, segments well into the low mezzo or contralto and segments in high soprano.
Characteristics.
By definition, the "soprano sfogato" is linked to the mezzo/contralto. It possesses a dark timbre with a rich and strong low register, as well as the high notes of a soprano and occasionally a coloratura soprano. Those voices are typically strong, dramatic and agile, supported by an excellent bel canto technique and an ability to sing in the soprano tessitura as well as in the contralto tessitura with great ease, such as was said of Giuditta Pasta.
Testimonies of the time tell us that the main flaw of the "soprano sfogato" was the lack of in the voice, something so prized in Mozart's time.
Exponents.
The term "soprano sfogato" appeared at the same time as its greatest exponents: Isabella Colbran, Giuditta Pasta, Maria Malibran, Giuseppina Ronzi de Begnis, Wilhelmine Schröder-Devrient, Mary Anne Paton (Mrs. Wood), Giuseppina Strepponi, Emma Calvé, Marianne Brandt, Félia Litvinne amongst others. Anther example was Pauline Viardot, who alternated roles of soprano and contralto. In the 20th century, the main exponent of this voice category was Maria Callas, though she did not perform roles of contralto, she did sing a couple of roles for mezzo in the mezzo keys and many of the roles associated with the "soprano sfogato" (Médée, Armida, Norma, Anna Bolena, Lady Macbeth, Abigaille, etc.) using overall a range of three octaves. Other "assolutas/sfogatos" of the 20th century were Marisa Galvany, Leyla Gencer, and Júlia Várady.
Roles.
Other roles associated with this voice type are Elisabetta in "Roberto Devereux", Gemma di Vergy, Reiza in Carl Maria von Weber's "Oberon".
The common requirements for the roles associated with this voice type are:
The major exponents of the "soprano sfogato" vocal type were able to sing both soprano and mezzo-soprano/contralto roles: Ronzi de Begnis was the first Elisabetta in "Devereux", and she also performed Bellini's Romeo as well as Norma; Isabella Colbran sang both Armida and Desdemona in Rossini's "Otello" as well as the mezzo role of Paisiello's "Nina" and Mozart's soprano heroines; Giuditta Pasta originated Anna Bolena, Norma and "La Sonnambula" as well as singing La Cenerentola, Tancredi, Arsace, Cherubino and Romeo.

</doc>
<doc id="18388936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388936" title="Self-righteousness">
Self-righteousness

Self-righteousness (also called sanctimoniousness, sententiousness, and holier-than-thou attitudes) is a feeling or display of (usually smug) moral superiority derived from a sense that one's beliefs, actions, or affiliations are of greater virtue than those of the average person. Self-righteous individuals are often intolerant of the opinions and behaviors of others.
The term "self-righteous" is often considered derogatory (see, for example, journalist and essayist James Fallows' description of self-righteousness in regards to Nobel Peace Prize winners) particularly because self-righteous individuals are often thought to exhibit hypocrisy due to the belief that humans are imperfect and can therefore never be infallible, an idea similar to that of the Freudian defense mechanism of reaction formation. The connection between self-righteousness and hypocrisy predates Freud's views, however, as evidenced by the 1899 book "Good Mrs. Hypocrite: A Study in Self-Righteousness", by the pseudonymous author "Rita."

</doc>
<doc id="18388945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388945" title="Dmytro Hryshko">
Dmytro Hryshko

Dmytro Hryshko (born 2 December 1985, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian First League. He joined FC Chornomorets Odesa in the 2004 and made his Ukrainian Premier League debut against FC Metalist Kharkiv on 1 March 2005. Prior to the 2010-11 season, Hryshko was elected the vice-captain of Chornomorets.

</doc>
<doc id="18388958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18388958" title="Chidley">
Chidley

Chidley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18389005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389005" title="List of Kentucky area codes">
List of Kentucky area codes

The state of Kentucky is served by the following area codes:

</doc>
<doc id="18389022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389022" title="Charles Island (disambiguation)">
Charles Island (disambiguation)

Charles Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18389025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389025" title="Salve (disambiguation)">
Salve (disambiguation)

A salve is a medical ointment used to soothe the head or other body surface.
Salve may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18389034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389034" title="List of Colorado area codes">
List of Colorado area codes

The state of Colorado is served by the following area codes:
You may click on any area code shown on the map to the left and you will be taken to the page for that area code.

</doc>
<doc id="18389065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389065" title="Sariar">
Sariar

Sariar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18389077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389077" title="List of Louisiana area codes">
List of Louisiana area codes

The state of Louisiana is served by the following area codes:

</doc>
<doc id="18389084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389084" title="Black Symphony">
Black Symphony

Black Symphony is a live album, DVD and Blu-ray Disc from Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation. It was released worldwide on September 22–24, 2008 and is available on 2-disc DVD, 2-disc CD, and Blu-ray.
Information.
This special concert features the band accompanied by The Metropole Orchestra, the Pa'dam Choir, and special guests including George Oosthoek (ex-Orphanage), Anneke van Giersbergen of Agua de Annique and Keith Caputo of Life of Agony. It was filmed by 14 HD cameras on February 7, 2008 at the Ahoy Arena in Rotterdam. The album was certified Gold in the Netherlands
Content.
DVD 1.
Within Temptation & Metropole Orchestra: Black Symphony.
Recorded live at The Ahoy, Rotterdam, Netherlands on February 7, 2008.
Extras
Backstage Report
Documentary
Countdown Black Symphony
DVD 2.
Bonus Concert
Recorded live at The Beursgebouw, Eindhoven, Netherlands on November 24, 2007.
Music Videos
The Making Of...
World Tour Impressions
Extras
Specs.
PAL/NTSC format.
Contains Dolby Digital 2.0, 5.1 and DTS 96/24 surround sound, filmed in high definition, widescreen. Subtitled in English. Coded region-free, with a total running time of 470 minutes as it also contains both CDs of the Ahoy concert.
CD track listing.
Europe and Japanese version.
Disc One:
Disc Two:

</doc>
<doc id="18389087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389087" title="Pe Maung Tin">
Pe Maung Tin

Pe Maung Tin ( ; 24 April 1888 – 22 March 1973) was a scholar of Pali and Buddhism and educator in Myanmar, formerly Burma. Born to an Anglican family at Pauktaw, Insein Township, Rangoon, he was the fifth child of U Pe and Daw Myaing. His grandfather was the first Burmese pastor of Henzada. He learnt the basic Buddhist texts at a local private school before he went to Rangoon Government High School where he won a scholarship at age 14.
Distinguished career.
He graduated with a B. A. degree from University College, Rangoon in 1909 and an M. A. degree from the University of Calcutta in 1911. Pe Maung Tin became the first national professor of Pali language at University College, Rangoon, and also, at the age of 24, the youngest professor in Burma in 1912. The position came with the post of librarian of Bernard Free Library and the job of Honorary Secretary of the Burma Research Society as well as editor of its journal "JBRS".
He was called "M.A. Maung Tin" or "Pali Maung Tin" because of his knowledge of Buddhism. He obtained his Bachelor of Letters (B. Litt.) degree from Oxford University in 1922. He had also visited Paris for further studies (1920–21), and was invited back to lecture on Asian literature in 1936.
Pe Maung Tin was the only Burman to be appointed to the commission set up in 1918 to establish Rangoon University independent of Calcutta. He then worked hard to raise the status of Burmese literature as an Honours degree subject. He himself brought out texts to teach. The first course was taught in 1924, and the first student was Sein Tin who graduated in 1927 and later became famous under the pen name Theippan Maung Wa.
He was close friends with professors J S Furnivall of the BRS and Gordon H Luce, who married his sister Tee Tee in 1915. He contributed to various language debates held by the Society (1922–1925). The year 1934 saw the publication of "Hkit san pon byin" (, Experimental Tales), a collection of short stories in a new style of writing, by his students Theippan Maung Wa, Zawgyi and Min Thu Wun, followed by an anthology called "Hkit san kabya" (, Experimental Poems). Professor Pe Maung Tin explained in his foreword that he coined the word "hkit san" (, testing the times) as he wanted his students to experiment and test the reaction of the readers. He was also an accomplished musician and had helped sponsor the Rangoon College Philharmonic Society.
Pe Maung Tin became principal of University College, Rangoon University, in 1937. In 1939 he was elected president of the Burma Research Society. After the Second World War in 1946, he retired at age 58. He was however asked to serve as principal of the University of Adult Education in 1947. He then became chairman of the University Translation and Publication Advisory Board and professor emeritus of Pali the following year. He was re-elected president of the BRS in 1950, and awarded an honorary doctorate LL. D. by Rangoon University in 1952.
In 1957-58 Pe Maung Tin visited the United States of America to lecture on Buddhism at the University of Chicago which awarded him an honorary doctorate. He was also invited to speak at Bucknell University, Pennsylvania. In May 1959 he attended the East Asia Christian Conference meeting in Kuala Lampur, and later went to China as a member of a cultural exchange delegation.
From 1960 to 1964, Pe Maung Tin served as chairman of the Burma Historical Commission. He led the Burma Translation Society in compiling the "Burmese Encyclopedia". In 1968 the BRS marked his 80th birthday with a special celebration. The Pali Text Society in 1972 requested him to become their editor for the 50 volume publication of the Atthakatha, the year before he died in 1973 at age 85.
Many did not realize that he was a Christian and thought he was a former Buddhist monk because of his knowledge of Buddhism. He was a leader of the Christian Literature Society of the Burma Council of Churches. A popular story was that some of his students asked him to become a Buddhist because of his familiarity with the religion and the similarity of his thoughts with Buddhist philosophy. Pe Maung Tin reportedly told them that it had been a long time that he was a Christian, and at his age, he did not want to abandon his 'old wife' for a new one.
Publications.
The first of his numerous articles and reviews to appear in the "JBRS", in 1911, was titled "Missionary Burmese" which acknowledged the achievements of the American Baptist lexicographer and missionary Adoniram Judson (1788–1849) and exhorted the contemporary missionaries to study the best of Burmese literature so their sermons could be more effective. Another early publication was titled "Notes on Dipavamsa", a Buddhist text, in 1912.
He was also professor of Oriental studies and was honored by the Pali Text Society for his translation of the "Visuddhimagga", an encyclopedia of the dhamma written by Buddhaghosa, into English. It was for this work that he had received the B. Litt. from Oxford. His first translation work for the PTS, started in 1916, was "The Expositor (Atthasalini): Buddhaghosa's Commentary on Dhammasangani The First Book of the Abhidhamma Pitaka" published by the Oxford University Press in 1920-21. He co-authored, whilst in London with Lilias E Armstrong, a Burmese phonetic reader in 1925.
Pe Maung Tin was a prodigious writer, and his works, such as a Burmese grammar (1951–1955), selections of Burmese prose, a history of Burmese literature (1938), and the "Visuddhimagga", are still used as references. Pe Maung Tin with Gordon Luce translated the Glass Palace Chronicle. It was the first time he signed the name Pe Maung Tin to the introduction dated 1 November 1922. The year 1928 saw the publication of "Selections from the Inscriptions of Pagan" compiled with Luce.
He also edited Kinwun Mingyi U Kaung's "London and Paris Diaries" (1927–28) among several works for the Burma Education Extension Association (BEEA) founded by Furnivall after he retired.
Family.
Pe Maung Tin married at the age of 40 to Edith Kyi Kyi, daughter of U Po Dan and Daw Mya Gyi and 13 years his junior, on 9 June 1928, at an Anglican church in Thayarwady. Their youngest daughter Tin Tin Myaing (Brenda), a scholar of French language and literature and librarian, lives in London. She is on the council of the Britain Burma Society She organised a symposium on her celebrated father's 110th anniversary in 1998 at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London. His centenary was overshadowed by the momentous events in Burma in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18389093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389093" title="Too Hot to Handle (Jorma Kaukonen album)">
Too Hot to Handle (Jorma Kaukonen album)

Too Hot to Handle is a Jorma Kaukonen acoustic solo album released on Relix Records. "Too Many Years" and "Ice Age" were later re-recorded with Jefferson Airplane using electric instruments and appeared on the Jefferson Airplane reunion album. Kaukonen's wife at the time, Margareta Kaukonen, composed some of the tracks with him and is credited as "Malles Meje."

</doc>
<doc id="18389096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389096" title="Freddy Hurtado">
Freddy Hurtado

Alfredo Hurtado Abadía (known as Freddy Hurtado; born May 27, 1976 in Chocó) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Envigado. He previously played with Cortuluta, Deportivo Pasto, Deportes Tolima and Deportivo Cali. 
His professional debut with the club was on 9 July 1997 in Cali where they played against their main rivals, América de Cali. Being a defender, he did not score any goals, but played the full 90 minutes, in a match which Deportivo Cali eventually won 2-0.
Honours.
Deportivo Cali
League Titles:
1998
2005
2nd Place (League)
2006
Copa Libertadores:
1999 (Runner-Up)
Deportes Tolima
League Titles:
2003

</doc>
<doc id="18389103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389103" title="List of Maryland area codes">
List of Maryland area codes

The state of Maryland is served by the following area codes:
A new area code 667 will be activated on March 24, 2012 for the eastern part of Maryland currently served by area codes 410 and overlay area code 443 and covering cities such as Aberdeen, Baltimore, Ellicott City and Dundalk. The introduction of the new code was decided back in 2001. Because this part of Maryland has 2 area codes already and, therefore, 10 digit dialing has been mandatory since the introduction of area code 443 in 1997, no permissive 10 digit dialing will be needed.

</doc>
<doc id="18389113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389113" title="Andriy Kornyev">
Andriy Kornyev

Andriy Kornyev (; born 1 November 1978, Kiev, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who last played for FC Obolon Kyiv. FC Obolon Kyiv dissolved itself in February 2013.
Career.
Graduating for the Dynamo Kyiv Youth Academy, Kornyev was promoted to Dynamo-3 playing in the lower leagues. Spotted by Obolon Kyiv he moved there, followed by a transfer to FC Systema-Boreks in Borodyanka. Soon Kornyev relocated outside of Kiev Oblast to Kharkiv in Arsenal Kharkiv at that time.
Kornyev moved to Tavriya in 2004 just before Arsenal Kharkiv changed its name to FC Kharkiv. In SC Tavriya Simferopol he played 64 games and scored 3 goals. In January 2007, he was purchased by Chornomorets Odessa. At age 30, Kornyev returned to Tavria in January 2009 with only three goals scored in the Top League.

</doc>
<doc id="18389114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389114" title="Elbertus Leoninus">
Elbertus Leoninus

Elbertus Leoninus was the Latinized name of Elbert de Leeuw (Zaltbommel, 1519 or 1520 – Arnhem, December 16, 1598), Dutch jurist and statesman, who helped negotiate the Pacification of Ghent.
Biography.
Family life.
Leoninus was born into a non-aristocratic, but well-to-do family, who were able to give him a very good education. He had a tall stature, which later earned him the Latin nickname "Longolinus". At first he studied "humaniora" under Macropedius at Utrecht, and next in Emmerich am Rhein under Matthias Bredenbach. He entered the University of Leuven to study at the "Collegium Trilingue" for further grounding in the classical languages, and then obtained a "licentiate" in Law at the same university in 1547. To improve his fluency in French he then studied for a year in Arras. On June 7, 1548, in Leuven he married Barbara de Haze, the daughter of a renowned Leuven law professor, Johannes Hasius.
Career.
Two days after the marriage he was appointed professor in canon law at the university of Leuven. He got his doctor's degree in law on May 20, 1550 under Gabriel Mudaeus, and succeeded that luminary as "professor primarius legum" in 1560 (a chair he would hold till 1580). Together with Viglius van Aytta, another influential jurist, he managed to persuade the government of the Habsburg Netherlands to endow three more chairs at the Leuven law faculty in these years.
This illustrates the influence he exerted at the court of the Regent, Margaret of Parma. He advised all the grandees of the time on both sides of the political divide that was forming in these years, which explains his later acceptability to both sides during the early years of the Dutch Revolt that would soon break out. During the initial stages of the Revolt he remained loyal to Philip II of Spain and the first two governors-general the king sent to quell the Rebellion.
In 1575 he led the delegation of the Brussels government of Luis de Zúñiga y Requesens to the abortive peace negotiations with William the Silent and the rebellious provinces at Breda. When Requesens died in 1576, and the States-General of the Netherlands briefly took over command of the loyalist government, he was appointed the head of the delegation of the States-General that negotiated the Pacification of Ghent with Orange.
In the next few years his political loyalties shifted more and more against the loyalist side, probably because of the attitude of the new governor-general John of Austria. When the States-General quarrelled with Don Juan and appointed their own governor-general, Archduke Matthias, he became one of the members of his Council of State. However, he remained a politician of great moderation, both in political and religious matters, and kept exerting himself for reconciliation, even after the abortive peace negotiations in the Spring of 1579 in Cologne. In 1580 he resigned his chair at Leuven university and declined a chair at the new Leiden University.
On the recommendation of the Prince of Orange the States of Gelderland (his native province) appointed him chancellor of that province on June 28, 1581. As such, he played an important role in preventing the betrayal of the province to the Spaniards by its stadtholder Willem IV van den Bergh in 1583. Still a member of the "Raad van State" (Council of State), he headed the delegation of the States-General that offered the sovereignty of the northern Netherlands to king Henry III of France in Senlis in 1585, without result. The next year (January 17, 1586) he welcomed Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester on behalf of the States-General as governor-general of the northern Netherlands, and saw his membership of the new "Raad van State" renewed. He would remain a member till his death.
He remained one of the most prominent jurists of the Dutch Republic in these years (He is one of six eminent jurists whose faces are shown on the facade of the old building of the Department of Justice at "Het Plein" in The Hague [http://www.krogtweb.nl/monumenten/Zuid-Holland/DenHaag/DeptJustitie.html]). As chancellor of Gelderland he helped codify the laws of the Veluwe quarter of the province. His many writings in the field of law were compiled in "Centuria consilium" (Antwerp, 1581 and later), and after his death edited by his grandson Elbert Zoes as "Emendationum sive observationum libri septem" (Arnhem, 1610). He influenced Hugo Grotius.
He also wrote historical works:
When he died in 1598, one day after his friend Philips of Marnix, lord of Sint-Aldegonde (who had sat on the opposite side at the negotiations over the Pacification of Ghent in 1576) the Calvinist Arnhem Consistory refused him a funeral service, because they had their doubts about his orthodoxy. Indeed, he probably was (like his sponsor William the Silent) what has been called a "Politique". His widow moved to Antwerp (then in the Southern Netherlands) shortly after his death, declaring that she had always remained a Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="18389133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389133" title="Symphony No. 9 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 9 (Mozart)

Symphony No. 9 in C major, K. 73/75a, by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, has an uncertain provenance. The most likely date of its composition appears to be late 1769 or 1770 during Mozart's first Italian journey, although some authorities have dated it "probably not before early summer 1772". It may have been started in Salzburg, before the first Italian journey began, and completed during the trip. The symphony is in four movements and is Mozart's first in the key of C major. There is no information concerning which of the many Italian concerts given by the Mozarts during this visit saw this symphony's first performance. The autograph score is preserved in the Biblioteka Jagiellońska in Kraków.
Movements and instrumentation.
The symphony is score for 2 flutes, 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, timpani, harpsichord and strings.
\relative c" {
</score>
There are four movements.
First performance details.
None available

</doc>
<doc id="18389149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389149" title="Bill Lafleur">
Bill Lafleur

William Lafleur (born February 25, 1976 in Norfolk, Nebraska) is a former American football punter who played four pro seasons in the NFL. He spent two seasons playing in Europe for the Barcelona Dragons, and played another two for the San Francisco 49ers. He played college football at Nebraska.
Lafleur has also been a member of the San Diego Chargers.
Early years.
Lafleur attended Norfolk Catholic High School, where he played quarterback, safety, and handled all kicking duties for coach Jeff Bellar. He led the Knights to the Class C state title in 1991 and a runner-up finish as a senior in 1993. As a punter, he averaged 44 yards per punt as a senior. Lafleur claimed all-state honors as both a quarterback and a punter in 1993.
He was also a three-time state track qualifier and placed second in the triple jump by covering 45 feet as a senior.
College career.
Lafleur spent five years playing football for the University of Nebraska, where he walked on as a punter. He was redshirted in 1994 and was used sparingly the next three seasons, backing up Jesse Kosch.
Lafleur finally got his chance as a starting punter his senior season and did not disappoint, as he posted one of the best punting seasons in school history. He averaged 44.9 yards on 52 punts, including a career-long 64-yard blast against Missouri. He also buried opponents inside their own 20-yard line on 17 occasions.
Lafleur left Nebraska as a member of three National Championship teams and held a 3.5 GPA at the conclusion of his academic career.
Pro career.
Lafleur went undrafted in the 1999 NFL Draft and spent nearly three years out of football before signing with the Barcelona Dragons of NFL Europa in 2001, where he played for two seasons.
His performance earned him a contract with the San Diego Chargers in training camp 2002. He was later released before the regular season.
He was the punter for the 49ers in 2002 and 2003. He played in 21 games and made 90 punts for 3,434 yards and 3,019 net yards. After a successful rookie season in 2002, Lafleur's performance dropped after 5 games in 2003. Lafleur served as the team's holder for the remainder of the season. He would be released during the 2004 offseason.
He was then signed back by the San Diego Chargers to a one-year contract on June 3, 2004, but was released on August 31.
Personal.
Lafleur is the son of Jim and Libby Lafleur. He was an education major at Nebraska.
Bill frequently is referred to "Buffalo Bill" Lafleur, despite never playing for the Buffalo Bills.
He is a scratch golfer and a teacher at Norfolk Catholic Schools.
References.
Bill Lafleur nicknames are "The Goat" pertaining to facial hair or "Guy" which is a reference to professional hockey player Guy Lafleur of Montreal

</doc>
<doc id="18389153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389153" title="Bob DeLaurentis">
Bob DeLaurentis

Robert "Bob" DeLaurentis (born De Laurentiis) is an American television producer and television writer.
DeLaurentis wrote the 1982 film, "A Little Sex", and has also written a proposed script for a "Doctor Who" film. He has both written and produced for television shows including "The O.C.", "Providence " and "Alfred Hitchcock Presents". In addition to this he has written for "South Beach", and produced "The Big Easy".

</doc>
<doc id="18389161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389161" title="George Howard, Jr.">
George Howard, Jr.

George Howard, Jr. (May 13, 1924April 21, 2007) was an American World War II veteran, attorney, and federal judge. He was the first African-American U.S. District Court judge in Arkansas. He initially served concurrently on the District Courts for both the Eastern District and Western District of Arkansas, then in 1990 was assigned exclusively to the Eastern District. Howard played an important role in the Whitewater controversy, presiding over several Whitewater-related cases, including the separate trials of Jim and Susan McDougal, and once called on President Bill Clinton to testify.
Early life.
Howard was born in Pine Bluff, Arkansas in 1924. As a teenager he left home to serve in the United States Navy during World War II, a time when he was subjected to racism that would inspire him to become a lawyer. Howard served in the Navy from 1943 to 1946, and after completing his military service he finished high school and went on to Lincoln University School of Law in St. Louis, Missouri, where he graduated with honors from their pre-law program.
He then entered the University of Arkansas and became the first African-American to live in campus housing at the school. Howard enrolled in law school at the university and received his juris doctorate in 1954. Howard is named as one of the "Six Pioneers," the first six African-American students to attend to University of Arkansas School of Law. Howard then returned to Pine Bluff and established a law practice, which he operated from 1954–1977, and in 1979. During this period he ran his only political campaign, an unsuccessful city council bid, and served as president of the State Council of Branches for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
Judicial career.
Governor Winthrop Rockefeller appointed Howard to the Arkansas State Claims Commission in 1967, and was Chairman of the Commission from 1969 until 1977, when Governor David Pryor named him Arkansas Supreme Court justice. In 1979 Governor Bill Clinton appointed Howard as a judge on the Arkansas Court of Appeals. Howard would hold this position only briefly, as President Jimmy Carter appointed him federal judge for the Eastern and Western districts of Arkansas in 1980 to fill a seat vacated by Richard S. Arnold, a position he would hold until his death in 2007. In 1990 his service was restricted to only the Eastern district of Arkansas. Howard became the first African-American in the history of Arkansas to serve as a state Supreme Court justice, Court of Appeals judge, and federal judge. Judge Howard played an important judicial role in the Whitewater trial, which led to the downfall of then- Arkansas Governor Jim Guy Tucker and the impeachment of President Bill Clinton in 1998. During the Whitewater trials, Judge Howard called for video testimony from Clinton, the man who had appointed him to the court of appeals years earlier.
Judge Howard was known for his fairness and commitment to civil rights. He made the daily drive from his home in Pine Bluff to Little Rock to carry out his judicial duties, despite being slowed in his later years by declining health.
Legacy.
Judge George Howard, Jr. died April 21, 2007, at Jefferson Regional Medical Center, after battling health issues for several years. Three days later, on April 24, U.S. Representative Mike Ross and Arkansas Senators Blanche Lincoln and Mark Pryor introduced legislation before the House of Representatives and the Senate to rename the Pine Bluff federal building and courthouse after Judge Howard. Ross, Mike Howard was honored on the floor of the House of Representatives on April 26, 2007. The legislation, brought before the House as H.R. bill 2011, renamed the building on 100 East 8th Avenue in Pine Bluff as the George Howard, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse. Howard, whose portrait hangs in the federal courthouses in Pine Bluff and Little Rock, has a scholarship fund maintained in his honor, The George Howard Junior Scholarship Fund at the William H. Bowen School of Law, University of Arkansas at Little Rock. Howard was inducted posthumously into the Lincoln University Hall of Fame on October 10, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18389167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389167" title="Kano (comics)">
Kano (comics)

Kano is the pseudonym of a Spanish comic book artist, whose real name is Jose Angel Cano Lopez.
Career.
After breaking into the comic book industry in 1998 as the artist for "Virtex", published by Oktomica Comics, Kano moved on to work for DC Comics, with long runs on "Action Comics". 
He moved to Marvel Comics where he worked on "The Immortal Iron Fist", "Beta Ray Bill: Godhunter" and "Marvel Zombies 5".
In 2013, he returned to DC to take over art chores in The New 52 "Swamp Thing" series.
In January 2014, he was announced as the new artist on Valiant's Quantum & Woody.

</doc>
<doc id="18389170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389170" title="Nelson Asprilla">
Nelson Asprilla

Nelson Asprilla (born April 15 of 1988 in Quibdó) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Deportivo Cali. He is the younger cousin of the famous Colombian international footballer, Faustino Asprilla. Before joining Deportivo Cali in 2007, Asprilla played for Cordoba F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18389174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389174" title="Grégory Fitoussi">
Grégory Fitoussi

Grégory Fitoussi (born 13 August 1976) is a French actor. His brother Mikaël Fitoussi is also an actor.
He appeared in the TF1 television series on "Sous le soleil" in which he played Benjamin, the husband of the character Laure Olivier.
He also appeared in "État de Grâce", a television series broadcast on France 2, in which he played the gynecologist of Grâce, the president of France. Later, he played Maître Vidal, the lawyer of Marie Besnard (played by Muriel Robin), in the French docudrama "Marie Besnard, l'empoisonneuse".
Fitoussi has one of the lead roles in the French crime series "Engrenages", known in English as "Spiral". In that series, he plays the acting prosecutor, Pierre Clément, alongside Caroline Proust.
He appeared in the 2013 UK series "Mr Selfridge" as Henri Leclair.

</doc>
<doc id="18389176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389176" title="Digges">
Digges

Digges may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18389235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389235" title="Christmas Spirituals">
Christmas Spirituals

Christmas Spirituals is the name of two albums recorded by the American folk singer Odetta. The first was released in 1960 on Vanguard Records and is available to this day. The second, a new recording of mostly the same songs, produced by Rachel Faro at White Crowe Audio in Burlington, Vermont, was originally released in 1987 on Alcazar Records and was reissued digitally in 2007 on Ashe Records. Both albums have Bill Lee, Spike Lee's father on bass. The cover of the second "Christmas Spirituals" album, by the artist Coleen Patterson, depicts a Black Madonna by the River Jordan with the Three Kings in attendance. She says these songs are traditional spirituals that emerged from the sufferings of slavery as a catharsis for the terrible wrongs that were committed.
Track listing.
All songs traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18389238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389238" title="Pablo Larrazábal">
Pablo Larrazábal

Pablo Larrazábal (born 15 May 1983) is a Spanish professional golfer currently playing on the European Tour.
Larrazábal was born in Barcelona, Spain. He attended high school in the United States and returned to Spain in 2002 with the intention of turning professional but his father made him work on the family fish farm to understand the value of money. He eventually turned professional in 2004.
Professional career.
2006–2007: Challenge Tour.
Larrazábal played in 8 events on the Challenge Tour in 2006 and made 7 cuts. His best finish came at the Vodafone Challenge where he was tied for seventh, his only top ten finish of the year. He earned €7,160 on the year and finished 138th on the money list.
Larrazábal played in 17 events in 2007 and made 10 cuts while recording two top 10 finishes and six top 25 finishes. His best finish came at the Postbank Challenge where he finished in fourth. He earned €21,596 on the year and finished 69th on the money list. Larrazábal finished in a tie for sixth at Q-School and earned his card for the European Tour's 2008 season.
2008: Sir Henry Cotton Rookie of the Year and first European Tour title.
In his rookie season on tour, Larrazábal played in 28 events and made 17 cuts. Larrazábal won his first title on the European Tour at the Open de France where he led after all four rounds. He also had an impressive finish at the Madrid Masters where he finished in third. Larrazábal recorded three top 10 finishes and 7 top 25 finishes. He finished in 18th on the Order of Merit, earning €960,858. This propelled him to the Sir Henry Cotton Rookie of the Year award.
2009–2010: Inconsistency and struggle for form.
Larrazábal had an inconsistent year in 2009 on the European Tour, with only a single top ten finish, and three top 25 finishes. He finished ranked 86th on the inaugural Race to Dubai. The following season was not much better for Larrazábal, making 18 of 31 cuts and finishing in the top ten on three occasions. He earned €332,500 in the 2010 season and finished 88th in the Race to Dubai standings.
2011: Improved form and second European Tour win.
Larrazábal started the 2011 season in good form with a fifth place finish in India at the Avantha Masters before finishing third in his home country's national tournament, the Open de España finishing three strokes behind the winner Thomas Aiken. A month later he finished fourth at the Saab Wales Open shooting a 67 during the final round to move through the field and into the top five. In June 2011, Larrazábal won his second European Tour title at the BMW International Open in Munich beating compatriot Sergio García in a sudden death playoff. Both men entered the final round trailing by two strokes, but fired rounds of 68 to finish on sixteen under par. Larrazábal had a putt to win outright at the 72nd hole but that slipped by, allowing García to birdie the last to take them into a playoff. After both players made birdies at the 18th, on the first and second playoff holes, they advanced to the par three 12th and the par three 17th, where Larrazábal let two more ten footers slide by for the championship. However at the fifth extra hole, the par five 18th, García ran his eagle putt four feet past, with Larrazábal two feet away in three. García's birdie putt then lipped out and Larrazábal holed out for victory.
This win came three weeks after Larrazábal had missed out in a playoff himself in an Open Championship qualifier at Sunningdale, but the win has ensured himself of a place at the 2011 Open Championship at Royal St. George's. Larrazábal ended the season ranked 17th on the Race to Dubai, his highest finish to date.
2012.
Larrazábals best finishes in 2012 were a pair of tied for second places: at the Reale Seguros Open de España in May and at the KLM Open in September.
2014.
In January 2014, Larrazábal won the Abu Dhabi HSBC Golf Championship by one stroke over Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson.
Professional wins (4).
European Tour wins (3).
European Tour playoff record (1–1)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="18389248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389248" title="Rhodri Jeffreys-Jones">
Rhodri Jeffreys-Jones

Rhodri Jeffreys-Jones (born July 28, 1942) is professor of American history emeritus and an honorary fellow in History at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland. He is an authority on American intelligence history, having written two American intelligence history surveys and studies of the CIA and FBI. He has also written books on women and American foreign policy, America and the Vietnam War, and American labor history.
Biography.
Jeffreys-Jones was born in Carmarthen and grew up in Harlech. He later attended the University College of Wales at Aberystwyth (now Aberystwyth University), taking a B.A. in 1963. During 1964-65 he pursued graduate study at the University of Michigan and, during 1965-66, at Harvard University. In 1967 Jeffreys-Jones took his PhD in American history at Cambridge University in England.
He taught as a tutor of history at Harvard's Kirkland House, at Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge University, and for the Transport and General Workers Union before becoming a lecturer in history at the University of Edinburgh in 1967. After rising through the academic ranks --- lecturer and reader --- by 1997 he became the University's second professor of American history, or its first exclusive professor of American history, given that in 1965 George "Sam" Shepperson had become "Professor of Commonwealth and American History." During his career, Jeffreys-Jones held visiting appointments, including: a Postdoctoral Fellowship at the Charles Warren Center for the Study of American History at Harvard (1971–72); a Stipendiary at the JFK Institut für Nordamerikastudien, Berlin, Germany; and a Canadian Commonwealth Fellowship and Visiting Professor at the University of Toronto.
Jeffreys-Jones began his scholarly pursuits examining the issue of violence in American industry during the Progressive Era, including the use of private detective agencies in labor disputes. Building on his work involving private detectives who collected intelligence for big business, Jeffreys-Jones then shifted his focus during the late 1970s to examine American secret intelligence, a time when the field began to blossom with the release of historical records and revelations of American intelligence agencies' activities. Jeffreys-Jones published an historical survey examining the development of American intelligence from the establishment of the Secret Service in the 19th Century to the CIA in the 20th. This was followed by one of the first academic histories of the CIA at a time when most studies were undocumented, a book examining American intelligence and exaggeration, and a history of the FBI in which Jeffreys-Jones traced its origins to the 19th century and the federal government's pursuit of the Ku Klux Klan.
Professor Jeffreys-Jones has directed postgraduate students, master's and doctoral alike. His most recent doctoral students include: Thomas C Wales, "The Secret War in the South: The Covert Center in Algiers and British and American Intelligence in the Western Mediterranean, 1941-1945," (PhD, 2005); C. Roderick Bailey, "The Special Operations Executive (SOE) and British Policy towards Wartime Resistance in Albania and Kosovo, 1940-44," (PhD, 2004); Douglas M. Charles, "The FBI, Franklin Roosevelt and the Anti-interventionist Movement, 1939-1945" (PhD, 2002).

</doc>
<doc id="18389267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389267" title="Zone of Terror">
Zone of Terror

"Zone of Terror" is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard, first appearing in the March 1960 edition of "New Worlds" (Volume 31, Number 92) and then in the 1962 collection "The Voices of Time and Other Stories". It later appeared in "The Disaster Area" (1967) and "" (2006).
Plot.
The two characters of the story are Larsen and Bayliss, employees of an unnamed electronics company. The story takes place in a small desert complex, a 're-creational' centre for senior executives. It is revealed that Larsen worked as a programmer for the company's Advanced Design Division, simulating a complex electrical replica of the central nervous system when, overworked and on the verge of a nervous breakdown, Bayliss, a psychologist, pulled him from the project and sent him to stay in a chalet in the complex for a few days' recuperation, where Bayliss also lives.
Whilst waiting for a check up from Bayliss, Larson reflects on his time living amongst the deserted chalets - initially feeling he is recovering after a few days of relaxation with only occasional human contact from Bayliss and his eventual restlessness of it - and the 'attack' he suffered whilst staying there. The attack is later revealed to be what is first perceived as an hallucination by Larsen one day whilst in the chalet's garage. He sees the figure of a transparent man in the shadows of the garage approach him, until Larsen shuts the door, distraught. Up until now, however, Larsen feels he has recovered from his ordeal, until the attack happens a second time.
One day Larson starts reading a book on 'Psychotic time', but decides to take a stroll outside instead. When walking around his chalet, he looks into the window and sees a man sitting where he just was and reading the same book, then put the book aside to look out the window. Larsen realises that it is the same man from the garage, and by seeing him clearly, realises that it is himself mere moments ago. Bayliss tells him that the hallucinations are psychoretinal streams of images, and the only way to fuse the two time channels back together is to be in the same place as one of the doubles, and 'forcibly occupy the same physical co-ordinates'. The idea vexes Larsen, who is deeply troubled by the idea of seeing himself in a different time frame, and decided to keep a revolver in his letterbox for protection.
After lunch the following day, Larsen suspects Bayliss has put stimulant in his food to help induce another attack. The story culminates in this final scene where, outside the chalets, Larsen begins seeing more than one double of himself and eventually an enormous rat-like creature whose terrified face is a replica of his own. The spawned duplicates chase Larsen around the complex and eventually Bayliss comes out of his chalet to ask if Larsen's having another attack. Larsen informs him that there are multiple duplicates and to go get his revolver from the letterbox. As Bayliss does this Larson runs to another chalet only to see Bayliss emerge from his own, with the revolver and converse with one the Larsen copies. This copy begins pointing towards the others as Larsen himself would. Bayliss begins shooting at the other copies and Larsen realises he cannot tell the difference between them. Larsen is eventually shot dead by Bayliss.

</doc>
