<doc id="18486406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486406" title="Henry Okah">
Henry Okah

Henry Okah (born 1965) is the assumed Nigerian guerrilla leader of the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND); a title he denies. 
Overview.
MEND has claimed responsibility for attacks on oil companies operating in the Niger Delta, often through the use of sabotage, guerilla warfare or kidnapping of foreign oil workers. The rebels' goal is to destabilize the foreign oil interest in the Niger Delta, who they claim have been exploiting the local populace.
MEND announced its creation in early 2006 with several attacks on Nigeria's oil infrastructure that have cut daily production by about one quarter, as well as a sophisticated media campaign involving e-mailing press releases to coincide with the attacks. It created headlines in Nigeria when it announced it would participate in peace talks if they were mediated by former United States President Jimmy Carter or actor George Clooney. It also claimed the organization was considering a cease-fire after receiving an "appeal" by U.S. President Barack Obama, who denied making it in the first place. 
Okah was arrested in Angola and deported to Nigeria in February 2008, and charged with 62 counts of treason, terrorism, illegal possession of firearms and arms trafficking, faced the death penalty. He claimed to be "championing the disenfranchised residents of the Delta region, who see little benefit from the oil being pumped out from under them." Okah's lawyer, Femi Falana, claimed that the Nigerian government offered to buy him off by granting ownership of several oil blocks, though he refused. The trial, which began in April 2008, was held in private, because President Umaru Yar'Adua says it would "jeopardize national security". Lawyers for Okah said a closed trial was an infringement of his rights and asked a superior court to overturn the decision.
In response, on May 26, 2008, MEND attacked a Royal Dutch Shell pipeline in the Delta region, and claimed to have killed 11 Nigerian troops. While the Nigerian government denied the deaths, the price of oil rose $1 on world markets within hours of the attack. An e-mail from MEND warned " attacks... are a retaliation to his unnecessary arrest."
In July 2009, Okah's lawyer announced that he accepted an amnesty, which had been offered by the Nigerian government to any rebel willing to lay down their arms, in a bid to end attacks on the oil industry. Senior MEND official "General" Boyloaf claimed that if Okah was set free the organization would indeed lay down its arms, and Jomo Gbomo, a spokesman of the organization, supported Okah's decision since his health was failing. However, other MEND leaders said that they would reject the amnesty. On July 13, 2009, Judge Mohammed Liman announced that Okah was released, telling him in person "Having reviewed what the attorney general said, you have become a free man at this moment." 
According to an article by the Washington Post, Okah was again arrested in Johannesburg on Saturday, October 2 following the 2010 Nigeria's Independence Day attacks that killed 12 people. He "claims that he knows nothing of any of these bombings."
On Monday, January 21 2013, a South African court convicted Okah of 13 charges of terrorism, including bombings that killed 12 people in Abuja on October 1, 2010. Handing down the verdict, Judge Nels Claassen said, "I have come to the conclusion that the state proved beyond reasonable doubt the guilt of the accused."
He has been sentenced to 24 years imprisonment and is currently serving this sentence at the Ebongweni Correctional Centre in Kwa-Zulu Natal, South Africa. Throughout the trial he maintained his innocence citing the trial was a result of his denial to support Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan's statements and accusations that the October 1st Independence Day attacks were executed by leaders from Northern Nigeria. 

</doc>
<doc id="18486418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486418" title="Charles F. Gunther">
Charles F. Gunther

Charles Frederick Gunther (March 6, 1837 – February 10, 1920) was a German-American confectioner and collector. He purchased many of the items now owned by the Chicago History Museum.
Early years.
Gunther and his family moved from Württemberg to Pennsylvania in 1842, then resettled in Peru, Illinois. In 1860, Gunther traveled south and landed a job with Bohlen, Wilson & Company, an ice distributor based in Memphis, Tennessee. When the American Civil War broke out, Gunther pledged to "stick by Memphis", and helped transport Confederate soldiers along the tributaries of the Mississippi River. He was captured by Union troops in 1862, but was released and traveled back to Illinois. During the later years of the war, he worked as a traveling salesman for a Chicago candy manufacturer, mainly selling goods throughout the southern states.
Candy and collections.
After the Civil War, Gunther traveled to Europe to learn from the candymakers there. He started his own candy company in Chicago in 1868, specializing in caramel, which he is sometimes credited with introducing to the United States. Gunther's business was destroyed in the 1871 Great Chicago Fire, but he quickly recovered and built a new factory on State Street. With wealthy customers like socialite Bertha Palmer, Gunther amassed a fortune, and began purchasing historical artifacts to display in his factory. Many of these were artifacts from the Civil War, but there were also more unusual items in his collection, such as shrunken heads. Gunther even claimed to own the skin of the serpent from the Garden of Eden and the mummy of Moses' foster mother, Bithiah (both assumed to be fakes). One of Gunther's most important authentic items was Abraham Lincoln's deathbed, which he purchased in 1877. 
Gunther's collection continued to grow, and he eventually turned his sights to the Libby Prison, a former Confederate prison in Richmond, Virginia. Gunther purchased the structure and had it dismantled and shipped to Chicago, where it was reassembled and converted into a museum to house Gunther's artifacts. It opened to the public in 1889 and hosted thousands of visitors within its first few months of existence. The infirmary of the prison was converted into the Lincoln Room, in which Gunther displayed Lincoln's deathbed, along with other artifacts associated with Lincoln's assassination. Gunther later tried to purchase an Egyptian pyramid and Philadelphia's Independence Hall so he could bring them to Chicago, but he was unsuccessful. 
During the 1890s, Gunther became involved with Chicago's growing convention industry. When the original Chicago Coliseum burned down in 1897, Gunther decided to build a new Coliseum on the site of the Libby Prison, since attendance at the museum was beginning to wane. The prison building was disassembled, and parts of it were donated to the Chicago Historical Society. Gunther offered the rest of his collection to the city, with the hope that the city would build a museum for it in Garfield Park, but Illinois law prevented such a building from being constructed on parkland.
Political career.
Gunther served two terms (1896–1900) as a Chicago alderman and one term (1901–1903) as city treasurer. He was briefly a Gold Democrat and supported John McAuley Palmer for president in 1896. In 1908, Gunther sought the (regular) Democratic Party's nomination as an Illinois gubernatorial candidate, but lost to Adlai E. Stevenson I.
Collection today.
After Gunther's death in 1920, the Chicago Historical Society paid $150,000 for the bulk of Gunther's collection, which by that point also included the table on which Robert E. Lee surrendered at Appomattox Court House. Shortly afterwards, the society began building a $1 million museum to display its expanded collection. The building opened in 1932 at Clark Street and North Avenue, and is currently known as the Chicago History Museum.
One of the objects purchased by (and still owned by) the Chicago Historical Society was Gunther's alleged "skin of the serpent" from the Garden of Eden. Though the skin may be that of a real anaconda or python, the museum staff assumes it did not come from the Garden of Eden, since the hieroglyphic markings in its frame are merely gibberish.

</doc>
<doc id="18486455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486455" title="Umashree">
Umashree

Umashree () (born 10 May 1957) is an Indian actress and politician. She is known for her portrayal of film roles spoken in the Kannada language (over 400), particularly comic roles. In 2013, Umashree became a Member of the Legislative Council in Karnataka in the government of Siddaramaiah where she was minister for women and child development, empowerment of the differently abled and senior citizens, Kannada language and culture.
Personal life.
Umashree raised two children, a daughter and a son, as a young single mother.
Public office.
Umashree participates in positive social activities such as supporting rural and oppressed women. She performs on stage in rural villages to highlight their needs. Her election in 2013 as the member for Terdal constituency (Congress Party) allowed Umashree to continue her work. Umashree is chairman for the Karnataka Pradesh Congress Party committee on other backward classes.
Stage work.
Umashree has experience in village, amateur, mythological and professional drama. Her directors have included Fritz Bennewitz, B.V. Karanth, Girish Karnad, C. G. Krishnaswamy, R. Nagesh, and T.S. Nagabharana. She is a member of Rangasampada amateur theatre group of Bangalore.
Film work.
Umashree began her movie career in 1984 with an award winning performance in a supporting role in "Anubhava" with Kashinath. However, it typecast her in comedy roles with a degree of innuendo. She worked with the actor N. S. Rao and later with Mukhyamantri Chandru, Doddanna and Karibasavaiah. Her directors included S. V. Rajendra Singh Babu and Yograj Bhat.
Awards.
Umashree has one the Government of Karnataka state award on six occasions and the 1998 Karnataka Nataka academy award. Umashree has also won more than twenty best actress prizes in various professional play competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18486456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486456" title="Ballybricken">
Ballybricken

Ballybricken () is a townland located in East Limerick, which is 11 miles from Limerick city. It is mainly a farming area. The population of Ballybricken has grown considerably in the last ten years, due to its proximity to Limerick city.
Traditions.
Ballybricken has a proud GAA tradition. Its new GAA clubhouse and field was officially opened on the May Bank Holiday weekend in 2008 with a senior hurling challenge match between Limerick and Wexford. It was attended by 2000 people. The Ballybricken GAA senior teams play at an intermediate level in hurling and junior A in football.
Places in Ballybricken.
Ballybricken has a primary school located in Caherelly, a shop/post office and pub (Kirby's "Hunting Lodge"). The main businesses located in Ballybricken include Mr Binman, Roadstone Provinces Ltd, and Tucon Engineering Company Ltd.
Dolores O'Riordan from The Cranberries was brought up in Ballybricken and went to the local primary school.

</doc>
<doc id="18486460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486460" title="Graphocephala">
Graphocephala

Graphocephala is a large genus of leafhoppers, found from southern Canada to northern South America.

</doc>
<doc id="18486518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486518" title="The Whitby">
The Whitby

The Whitby is the name of the residential property at 325 W 45 Street in New York, NY. The Whitby was designed by famed architect Emery Roth and built by Bing & Bing general contractors. It was originally commissioned as a hotel by The Gresham Reality Company in 1924. The building was converted into a residential cooperative in 1988 by Premiere Marketing Services. The 10-story dwelling has 215 apartments.
The Whitby is located at 325 W 45th Street, midway between 8th and 9th avenues in Manhattan, New York City. The closest theatre to the building is The Al Hirschfeld Theatre, however with eight major broadway theaters residing on 45th Street, this street has the most theaters of any street in Manhattan. The Whitby is located just blocks from several Broadway Theaters, Times Square, Port Authority Bus Terminal, and four major subways lines. Nearby parks include Hells Kitchen Park, the Clinton Community Garden and the recently created (2006) Hudson River Park at Pier 84.
Building History.
The building's architect, Emery Roth drew inspiration from the Choragic Monument of Lysicrates. The Athenian monument was known to Roth from the reproduction that had featured in the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, 1893. Roth also designed The Beresford and other landmark apartment houses and office blocks in New York. Construction began in 1923. The lobby, while completed with terrazzo tile, is of modest size, intended to maintain a residential feel and limit access to press and spectators. The construction process took approximately one year and when the building was completed in October 1924 it opened as a hotel, which it remained until the 1980s.
Six years after the building opened New York and the rest of the nation was headed into economic distress and World War II. During the Great Depression, many of the larger units in the building were subdivided to make them easier to rent. The larger '06-line' and '03-line' one bedroom units were divided into single studio units. As a result, the total number of apartments in the building was expanded by approximately 20 units. This was a fate that fell upon other similar buildings who resorted to unorthodox methods (deferred rent schemes, subdivision of apartments) to remain solvent.
Since that time, however, the market for residential real estate in New York City has changed significantly. The Whitby is now one of the most desirable pre-war apartment buildings in Hell's Kitchen. It converted to a co-op in 1988, meaning that most tenants in the apartments are actually shareholders in the corporation that owns the building. The few units that were not purchased at that time by sponsors or tenants that did not buy into the coop, are currently rent regulated or owned by the 325 W 45 ST Owners Corporation, whose board of directors presently manages building operations.
Prominent guests and residents.
Because of its central location in the heart of the Theater District, The Whitby has had a large following among theatre professionals. In fact, The Whitby has a definite "mystique", with legendary celebrities such as Doris Day and Betty Grable listed among former residents. Even today, many who call The Whitby home are associated with the performing arts in one way or another. Legendary cryptozoologist, Ivan Sanderson called the Whitby his home. The Whitby is situated on the same block as the Martin Beck Theatre, later to be renamed The Al Hirschfeld Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="18486521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486521" title="University Child Development Center">
University Child Development Center

The University Child Development Center (UCDC) at the University of Pittsburgh is a child care and early childhood education center located on Clyde Street in Shadyside just east of the main Oakland campus approximately one half mile from the center of campus at the Cathedral of Learning and adjacent to the rear property of the University's Chancellor's Residence on the Oakland-Shadyside border in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The University acquired the building, the former First Church of Christ, Scientist, in the fall of 1992 for $1.015 million. In 1994, the Pitt proceeded with a $2 million renovation of the building to accommodate the UCDC which opened its doors in the facility on May 30, 1995 after having previously been located in Bellefield Hall.
The neo-classical-style building was designed by Solon Spencer Beman and built between 1904 and 1905. In 1977 it had been designated a local historic landmark by the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation,
The University Child Development Center serves as a near-site child care and early childhood education center for children ranging in age from six weeks through six years who belong to the faculty, staff, and students of the University of Pittsburgh. The UCDC also provides laboratory, research, and practicum experiences in observing and participating with young children in classroom-based settings, for Pitt students, and students from other institutions of higher learning. The UCDC also provides resources and technical assistance in implementing appropriate programs and practices that serve young children in Pittsburgh and other communities.
The UCDC facility houses twelve classrooms including three infant rooms, four toddler rooms, two three-year-old preschool rooms, and one kindergarten classroom. Each room is designed to be age-appropriate for the group occupying the space. The UCDC also includes two large motor rooms (one for infants and toddlers and the other for preschool and kindergarten children) and an outdoor playground facility.

</doc>
<doc id="18486527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486527" title="Triplane (band)">
Triplane (band)

Triplane is a Japanese rock band who has released multiple singles and albums, as well as performed songs for the soundtracks of anime, dramas, and other Japanese programming. off of their most recent album and single has been used as the ending theme for "". Previously, their single "Dear Friends" was used as the ending theme for "One Piece" episodes 246 through 255.

</doc>
<doc id="18486530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486530" title="I'm Never Giving Up">
I'm Never Giving Up

"I'm Never Giving Up", written and composed by Ron Roker, Jan Pulsford, and Phil Wigger, was the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed by the trio Sweet Dreams. 
Sweet Dreams won the right to perform at Munich by winning the UK national final, "A Song for Europe", where they were the first act to perform. At Munich, the song was performed third on the night, after Norway's Jahn Teigen with "Do Re Mi", and before Sweden's Carola Häggkvist with "Främling." At the end of judging that evening, "I'm Never Giving Up" took the sixth-place slot with 79 points. Sweden awarded the UK its only 12 points of the night.
The song was sung up-tempo and related to the story of the singers "never giving up" in their quest to win back their lover, and restoring their love "the way it was before." The trio was dressed in exercise gear, with McVay colour-coordinated in blue, and Gray and Kray in red and yellow accessories, respectively. Also unique that year was their use of stools as props, sliding off them at one point to signify a key change in the melody.
After Eurovision, the song was placed at #21 on the UK Singles Chart during an eight-week run. It would become Sweet Dreams' only hit before they disbanded at the end of 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18486537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486537" title="Guanazodine">
Guanazodine

Guanazodine is a sympatholytic drug.

</doc>
<doc id="18486542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486542" title="Guanochlor">
Guanochlor

Guanoclor is a sympatholytic drug. It is known to bind to non-adrenergic sites in pig kidney membranes.

</doc>
<doc id="18486546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486546" title="Guanoxan">
Guanoxan

Guanoxan is a sympatholytic drug.

</doc>
<doc id="18486555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486555" title="Dili (disambiguation)">
Dili (disambiguation)

Dili is the capital of Timor Leste.
Dili may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18486567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486567" title="Ferrari/Maserati engine">
Ferrari/Maserati engine

The Ferrari/Maserati engine is an architecture jointly developed by Ferrari and Maserati displacing between 4.2 L and 6.3 L, producing between and in street-legal configuration, and up to in track configuration. All engines are naturally aspirated, have eight or twelve cylinders, incorporate dual overhead camshafts, variable valve timing, and four valves per cylinder.
The architecture has been produced in various configurations for cars under those badges as well as for a single Alfa Romeo model. All three companies are owned by the Fiat Group, under whom the engine sharing program was organized.
V8 (F136 family).
Most instances of the Ferrari/Maserati architecture are in the 90° V8 configuration. This was the first configuration and produces anywhere from to . Maserati and Alfa Romeo versions have crossplane crankshafts, while Ferrari versions are flat-crank.
Those V8 engines are known as "Tipo F136" family.
V12 (F140 family).
The 65° V12 version of this engine was derived from the already extant V8. In the Ferrari Enzo, it had set the record for the most powerful naturally aspirated engine in a road car. The 5998 cc engine, designed for the Enzo, is known within Ferrari as the "Tipo F140B", whereas the very similar "Tipo F140C" engine displaces 5999 cc and was designed for the Ferrari 599 as the most powerful series-production Ferrari engine. This engine is also used in Maserati Birdcage 75th.

</doc>
<doc id="18486570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486570" title="Bethanidine">
Bethanidine

Betanidine (or bethanidine) is a sympatholytic drug.

</doc>
<doc id="18486576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486576" title="Urapidil">
Urapidil

Urapidil is a sympatholytic antihypertensive drug. It acts as an α1-adrenoceptor antagonist and as an 5-HT1A receptor agonist Although an initial report suggested that urapidil was also an α2-adrenoceptor agonist, this was not substantiated in later studies that demonstrated it was devoid of agonist actions in the dog saphenous vein and the guinea-pig ileum. Unlike some other α1-adrenoceptor antagonists, urapidil does not elicit reflex tachycardia, and this may be related to its weak β1-adrenoceptor antagonist activity, as well as its effect on cardiac vagal drive. Urapidil is currently not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, but it is available in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18486585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486585" title="Trimazosin">
Trimazosin

Trimazosin is a sympatholytic drug.
It is an alpha blocker.
Hess, H. J.; 1972, .

</doc>
<doc id="18486605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486605" title="Endralazine">
Endralazine

Endralazine is an antihypertensive of the hydrazinophthalazine chemical class.

</doc>
<doc id="18486610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486610" title="List of mantis genera and species">
List of mantis genera and species

The following list of mantis genera and species is incomplete. It is based on the "Tree of Life Project", which is the primary (but not the only) reference for the taxonomy shown here. It will differ from those derived from taxonomic categorizations made before 2003.
The insect Order Mantodea consists of over 2,400 species in about 430 genera, of which a majority are in the Family Mantidae. Formerly, only the family Mantidae was recognized within the order.
Note that in some cases, common names in the English language are loosely applied to several different members of a particular genus, or even for species in various genera. For example, "Giant Asian Mantis" is used for various members of "Hierodula", "Dead Leaf Mantis" may refer not only to various species of "Deroplatys", but to all brown mantises that use leaf mimicry for camouflage. "Flower Mantis" refers to numerous mantises, especially those belonging to or similar to those of genus "Creobroter", and so on. 
For citation of common nomenclature and additional references, see individual articles.
Genus "Acanthops".
Some members of this genus are known as Dead Leaf Mantises or Boxer Mantises.
Genus "Acromantis.
Some species within this genus are known as Boxer Mantises or Flower Mantises.
Genus "Aethalochroa".
Members of this genus are commonly called Stick Mantises.
Genus "Amantis".
"Amantis" species are native to Asia and the islands of the Pacific Ocean.
Genus "Ameles".
"Ameles" is a wide-ranging genus found in Africa, Asia, and Europe.
Genus "Amorphoscelis".
"Amorphoscelis" species are concentrated in Africa, India, Indonesia, and the Philippines.
Genus "Archimantis".
"Archimantis" species are common in Australia. Some are called Stick Mantises.
Genus "Asiadodis".
Members of this genus are common known as Shield Mantises.
Genus "Brunneria".
"Brunneria", species of which are known as Stick Mantises, are found in North America, Central America, and South America.
Genus "Choeradodis".
Members of this genus are commonly known as Shield Mantises, Hooded Mantises, or Leaf Mantises.
Genus "Creobroter".
With their wings adorned with patterns even when at rest, "Creobroter", a genus concentrated in Western Asia, is one of the best-known genera to which the common name "Flower Mantis" is applied. 
Genus "Danuria".
Also known as giant grass mantises, these are characterised by long slender bodies and sloping, pointed eyes.
Genus "Deroplatys".
"Deroplatys", the best-known of the so-called dead leaf mantises, are native to Asia.
Genus "Euchomenella".
Members of this genus are known as long neck mantises or twig mantises.
Genus "Gyromantis".
The two members of this genus are commonly known as bark mantises.
Genus "Hierodula".
The giant Asian mantis genus "Hierodula" contains numerous large species and has a range that stretches from India to Hawaii.
Genus "Hoplocorypha".
Members of this genus are known collectively as African stick mantises.
Genus "Hymenopus".
Hymenopus species are commonly called orchid mantises.
Genus "Litaneutria".
"Litaneutria", a genus of ground mantises, is native to North America.
Genus "Mantoida".
This genus is concentrated in Mexico, Central America, and South America.
Genus "Myrmecomantis".
The single species in this genus is an ant mantis.
Genus "Odontomantis".
Some members of this genus practice ant mimicry when young and are known as ant mantises. The name grass mantis has also been applied to some species.
Genus "Otomantis".
Some species within this genus are known as boxer mantises.
Genus "Oxyothespis".
Members of this genus have been called grass mantises.
Genus "Oxypilus".
Boxer mantises are within this genus.
Genus "Paratoxodera".
Paratoxodera is a genus of stick mantises.
Genus "Phyllovates".
Species of unicorn mantis are within this genus.
Genus "Pnigomantis".
This genus has a species of shield mantis.
Genus "Popa".
This genus has one species of twig mantis popular in captivity.
Genus "Pseudocreobotra".
This genus contains several species of flower mantises.
Genus "Pseudovates".
Some species within this genus are known as unicorn mantises or stick mantises.
Genus "Pseudoyersinia".
This genus is named for its similarity to genus "Yersiniops".
Genus "Rhombodera".
"Rhombodera" is a large genus of shield mantises.
Genus "Rivetina".
Rivetina is a genus containing species of ground mantis.
Genus "Sphodromantis".
"Sphodromantis" is a large genus of mantises concentrated in Africa. Outside their range, many share the name African mantis.
Genus "Stagmomantis".
The range of "Stagmomantis" includes North America, Central America, and South America.
Genus "Sibylla".
The genus "Sibylla" contains two genera and 13 species.
Genus "Tamolanica".
This is another genus with species sometimes called shield mantises.
Genus "Tarachodes".
Members of this genus may be called bark mantises or ground mantises.
Genus "Tenodera".
There are "Tenodera" in Asia, Africa, Australia and North America.
Genus "Theopompa".
These species are sometimes known as the Asian bark mantises.
Genus "Theopropus".
Boxer mantis and flower mantis are among the common names used for members of this genus.
Genus "Thesprotia".
This genus is sometimes called American grass mantises.
Genus "Yersiniops".
Members of this genus are common called ground mantises. Genus "Pseudoyersinia" is similar.
Genus "Zoolea".
Some members of this genus go by the common name unicorn mantis.
Families.
According to most recent taxonomy, all genera of mantis now belong to one of the following families:

</doc>
<doc id="18486617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486617" title="Cadralazine">
Cadralazine

Cadralazine is an antihypertensive of the hydrazinophthalazine chemical class.

</doc>
<doc id="18486620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486620" title="Bartolomeo di Giovanni">
Bartolomeo di Giovanni

Bartolom[m]eo di Giovanni, also known as Alunno di Domenico for his relation to his master Domenico Ghirlandaio, was an early Renaissance Italian painter of the Florentine School who was active from about 1488 until his death in 1501. He studied with and assisted Domenico Ghirlandaio, painting the predella of Ghirlandaio's "Adoration of the Magi" in the Ospedale degli Innocenti, the foundling hospital in Florence, in 1488. Bartolomeo di Giovanni also worked under the guidance of Sandro Botticelli.
This painter should not be confused with either the Italian sculptor and architect, Bartolomeo di Giovanni d'Astore Sinibaldi (1469–1535), or with the Italian painter and architect, Bartolommeo di Giovanni Corradini (active mid-15th century).
References.
There is a devotional painting by this Renaissance painter in the Art Gallery of Ontario in Toronto

</doc>
<doc id="18486651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486651" title="Joseph Wittig">
Joseph Wittig

Joseph Wittig (January 22, 1879 – August 22, 1949) was a German theologian and writer born in Neusorge, a village in the district of Neurode, Silesia.
In 1903 he received his doctorate of theology from the University of Breslau, and was ordained a priest by Cardinal Georg von Kopp (1837-1914). Subsequently, he worked as a chaplain in Lauban, and from 1904 studied Christian art and architecture in Rome as a member of the German Archaeological Institute. In the meantime, he took part in a study trip to North Africa. being accompanied by theologian Franz Joseph Dölger (1879-1940). After returning to Germany, he served as a chaplain in Patschkau, followed by similar duties in Breslau.
In 1911 Wittig became an associate professor of church history and Christian archaeology, and in 1915 was a full professor of patrology, church history and Christian art at the theological faculty of the University of Breslau. In 1917-18 he attained the office of dean at the university.
Wittig is remembered for his work as a religious reformer at Breslau. His theological and literary ideas often placed him at odds with Catholic Church hierarchy. In 1922 he was the author of "Die Erlösten" (The Redeemed), an article that was openly critical of church dogma, and in 1925 published a book that was an historical reconstruction of the life of Jesus Christ. This latter work, "Leben Jesu in Palästina, Schlesien und anderswo", was placed on the Church's index of banned books. In 1926 Wittig was excommunicated from the Church, and forced to resign his teaching position at Breslau. It wouldn't be until 1946 that he was able to receive official reconciliation with Church hierarchy.
Following his excommunication, he returned to Neusorge as a private scholar and writer. Here he was the author of numerous popular stories as well as religious-themed works. With philosopher Martin Buber (1878-1965) and physiologist Viktor von Weizsäcker (1886-1957), he was co-publisher of the magazine "Die Kreatur". During this time period, he also worked as a chronicler in the district of Neurode.

</doc>
<doc id="18486652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486652" title="HD 200375">
HD 200375

HD 200375 is a double or multiple star.

</doc>
<doc id="18486671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486671" title="Melody Medeiros">
Melody Medeiros

Melody Dawn Medeiros (born January 9, 1983) is an American inactive professional wrestler. She is best known for her time in Ohio Valley Wrestling, where she was a one time Women's Champion.
Professional wrestling career.
Independent circuit (2005–2008).
Medeiros made her wrestling debut in Memphis Wrestling on April 16, 2005, where she lost to Mickie James. On January 12, 2008, Medeiros, under the ring name Jezebel, made her debut for New Wave Pro Wrestling as she teamed with Kaos in a losing effort to Lady SoCal and SoCal Crazy in an intergender tag team match.
Ohio Valley Wrestling.
Debut and Gothic Mayhem (2005–2006).
On the April 9, 2005, Medeiros, under the ring name Fuji Cakes, debuted for Ohio Valley Wrestling, where she teamed up with Scarlett in a losing effort to Serena Deeb and Trina. On the November 4, Cakes teamed up with Serena Deeb in a losing effort to Beth Phoenix and Shelly Martinez. Cakes then entered into a brief feud with both Phoenix and Martinez, losing singles matches to both on November 18 and 19, respectively. On March 18, 2006, Cakes teamed up with Deeb in a losing effort to Cherry Pie and Roni Jonah. 
On July 26, 2006, Mederios made her televised OVW debut as Melody, losing to Serena Deeb. Soon after her name change, she allied with Jonah and Discord (later renamed to Johnny Punch) to form Gothic Mayhem, a stable of heavy metal punk rockers with Melody and Jonah serving as groupies. Gothic Mayhem teamed up with Jenny Mae in a losing effort to Beth Phoenix, ODB and Venus in a six-woman tag team match. Eventually the group was joined by Pat Buck, who formed a tag team with Punch, as well as Tony Braddock, who served as their enforcer.
The Solid Gold Diva, Women's Champion and departure (2006–2009).
Beginning in the middle of 2007, Melody debuted an overhauled appearance that included golden attire, straightening and bleaching her hair platinum blond, and gaining breast implants before ultimately nicknaming herself "The Solid Gold Diva". On October 29, 2007, Melody debuted for Derby City Wrestling, OVW's subsidiary promotion, and lost a Bra and Panties match to Josie. On December 12, 2007, Punch turned on Melody by challenging her to a match in order to end his losing streak. Although uneasy about competing, Melody accepted the challenge and went on to defeat Punch, handing him his ninety-ninth consecutive loss. Afterwards, Melody left Gothic Mayhem, became a face and began to compete in OVW's women's division.
After leaving Gothic Mayhem, Melody joined the Mobile Homers (Adam Revolver, Ted McNaler and Dewey) in early 2008 while continuing to wrestle on her own. In mid-2008, the Homers would be joined by McNaler's kayfabe younger brother Tommy. On the November 15, Melody defeated Josie, Reggie, and then-champion Serena Deeb to win the Women's Championship. Soon after winning the title, she made her first successful title defense by defeating Reggie. Beginning in 2009, she would continue to have successful title defenses against the likes of Serena, first via disqualification and then in a steel cage match, and then Bailey Parker. On June 20, Melody became the longest reigning Women's Champion in OVW's history, as her title reign surpassed the previous record of 219 days set by Katie Lea's two title reigns. On August 12, 2009, Melody lost the Women's Title to Epiphany, ending her reign at 273 days in what turned out to be her final match in OVW.
Vyper Fight League (2009–2010).
On April 24, 2009, OVW founder and owner Danny Davis founded the Vyper Fight League, a mixed martial arts organization. As a result of OVW being the organization's parent company, Medeiros became one of the VFL's "Vyxens" until the organization folded in 2010.
Independent circuit (2010, 2011).
Following her departure from OVW, Medeiros took a hiatus before returning to wrestling on June 19, 2010 to compete in a three ring, 159-man battle royal at the Alternative Wrestling Show and National Wrestling Alliance joint event Bart's Birthday Bash, which was ultimately won by Scorpio Sky. After another hiatus, Medeiros returned to wrestling on March 26, 2011 under the ring name Jezebel, where she won a 10-person tag team match alongside Duke, Kaos, Ray Rosas and Robby Phoenix by defeating Andre Machievski, Joey Barone, Nightmare Azteca, Ryan Kidd and SoCal Crazy.
Personal life.
Medeiros graduated from The Art Institute of Seattle in 2003 with a degree in graphic design.

</doc>
<doc id="18486681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486681" title="European Confederation of Roller Skating">
European Confederation of Roller Skating

The European Confederation of Roller Skating (Confédération Européenne de Roller Skating, or CERS) is the main European roller skating organization. The CERS is part of the International Roller Sports Federation, or FIRS. Varieties of skating governed by the CERS include:

</doc>
<doc id="18486683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486683" title="Oudenone">
Oudenone

Oudenone is a molecule found in fungus metabolism. It is an inhibitor of the enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase.

</doc>
<doc id="18486685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486685" title="Mount Clarke">
Mount Clarke

Mount Clarke is a massif in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located northwest of Hemlock Valley and south of Grainger Peak. It is part of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
The northwest ridge of Mount Clarke contains the sub-peaks Viennese and Recourse, which are considered separate peaks.

</doc>
<doc id="18486688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486688" title="Rafael Barrett">
Rafael Barrett

Rafael Barrett, complete name Rafael Ángel Jorge Julián Barrett y Álvarez de Toledo, (Torrelavega, Spain, January 7, 1876 – Arcachon, France, December 17, 1910) was a Spanish writer, narrator, essayist and journalist, who developed most of his literary production in Paraguay, becoming an important figure of the Paraguayan literature during the twentieth century. He is particularly known for his stories and essays with profound philosophical content that exposed a vitalism that in some way anticipated existentialism. His philosophical and political statements in favor of anarchism are also well known.
Youth.
Barrett was born in Torrelavega in the year 1876, with the name of Rafael Ángel Jorge Julián Barrett y Álvarez de Toledo, in the bosom of a wealthy Spanish-English family, with his parents George Barret Clarke, natural from Coventry (England) and María del Carmen Álvarez de Toledo y Toraño, natural from Villafranca del Bierzo, province of León. At the age of twenty he moved to Madrid, to study engineering, there he became friends with Valle-Inclán, Ramiro de Maeztu and other members of the generation of ’98. In Madrid, he lived rebel boy, going from casino to casino and from woman to woman, alternating with visits to important literary gatherings in Paris and Madrid.
His constants attacks of rage lead him to confront with a member of the nobility, the duke of Arión, who agreed to a fight in middle of a function of the Circo de Pari. The duke of Arión was president of the Court of Honor that had disqualified him to duel with the attorney José María Azopardo, who had slandered him. All this made a big scandal in just six months.
This situation led him, in 1903, with his honor seriously damaged, to travel first to Argentina – where he started to write for different newspapers – and later to Paraguay, where he settled at the age of 29. In 1904 in October, he arrived to Villeta as a correspondent for the Argentine newspaper “El Tiempo” to report about the liberal revolution that was occurring at the moment, he immediately contacted the young intellectual that had adhered to the revolution. In Paraguay he formed a family and is where, according to his own words, he became “good”. Years later, he moved to Brazil as a result of a forced exile and then to Uruguay.
Life in Paraguay.
Barrett settled in Asunción in December and started to work in the Statistic Office. In 1905 he married Francisca López Maíz, participated in the creation of the literary group “La Colmena” and manifests the first symptoms of tuberculosis.
In 1906, because of an argument originated by the presence of Ricardo Fuente in Buenos Aires, a duel between Barrett and Juan de Urquía was arranged. But Juan de Urquía eluded the duel with Barrett alleging his disqualification in Madrid. Days Later, Barrett beat a man called Pomés because he confused him with Juan de Urquía in a hotel in Buenos Aires.
In 1907, in Areguá is born his only son, Alejandro Rafael. In July 1908, Albino Jara organized a military insurrection. Barrett organized the attention to the wounded in the streets of Asunción. On October 3 of the same year, Barrett was arrested because of denounces about tortures and abuse that he published in "Germinal" (an anarchist newspaper that he owned) and on October 13, thanks to the help of the English Consul, he was released. He was exiled to Corumbá in the Brazilian Mato Grosso do Sul.
In February 1909 the political situation got better. Barret received warranties of his safety and established in San Bernardino, near Asunción. The Paraguayan journals open again their pages for him. In September he traveled to France. He had been maintaining correspondence with the doctor Quinton and decided to continue the treatment against the tuberculosis.
Career.
His journeys through Argentina, Uruguay and particularly Paraguay defined him as a literate while developing his journalistic work. Ruined as he was, he never doubted in embracing the cause of the weaker holding his plume against the social injustice. In a certain manner, his time living in the misery made that he could liberate from a false life and to start living for the others.
The incidence of the miserable life conditions in a great part of South America reflected on his writings that were insistently turning into complaining journalism. His turn to a definitively anarchic not only carried problems with the more upper classes and the Paraguayan government (being imprisoned many times), but also many Paraguayan intellectuals gave him the back.
Work.
The work of Rafael Barret is not too known. Short and not systematic, it was published almost entirely in journals of Paraguay, Uruguay and Argentina. However, his thoughts notably influenced in Latin America and especially at the zone of De la Plata River. Although this influence wasn’t so deep, it was enough to be mentioned by Ramiro de Maeztu as a “figure in the history of America”.
Some of his central literary ideas are framed and defined in the regenerationist style. Is evident that, in this short examples, the coincidence of Barret with the characteristic tone of the regenerationist wave that flooded the Spanish thoughts because of the “disaster” of the ’98 and that have its main exponents in Costa, Picavea, Isern, and others, and its algid points in the press with the famous article published in “El tiempo”, a journal of the conservationist opposition, August 16 of 1898. The constant medical metaphors, the perception of Spain as a gravely injured country, the conviction that the military defeat was just a symptom of more deeper problems, the diagnosis of a progressive fall and the need of its “salvation”.
In “the Paraguayan pain” of Barret we see reflected the deep love that he felt to the Paraguayan people.
The writings of Barret are from a notable intrinsic quality. In the opinion of José María Fernández Vázquez, if he would had more time to develop his work, literary style and ideological strength, together would have formed one of the most interesting textual corpus of America.
Last years.
It was in the new continent, more specifically in the Paraguay, where he made himself as a writer, discovered the true love and the paternity. However, one reached these goals, he fell gravely ill. The historical circumstances of the Paraguay wasn’t good for receiving positively neither his radically critic ideas nor his questioning thoughts.
With the publishing a series of articles "What the Paraguayan yerba fields are", in which he reveals the almost slavish oppression of the "mensús" by the companies, Barret is faced to many powerful economic and politic interests. The pages of the journals where he used to publish were now closing and also he begins to feel the rejection of the local intellectuals, driving him to the isolation. As he bitterly confesses, "the custom of thinking at every single moment has some of shameful vice to the eyes of the common people and has made me a useful, even noxious, and hated being".
Because of his anarchic political ideas and his complaining about the social injustice he is imprisoned and banished first to the Brazilian Mato Grosso do Sul and finally to Montevideo. Being there he got in touch with the Uruguayan intellectual vanguards. But, the tuberculosis oppresses him and returns to the Paraguay as soon as the authorities allow it, and the local journals open their pages again to him.
He traveled to France in 1910 to try a new treatment for the tuberculosis. He died December 17 of 1910 at the age of 34 in the Regina Forèt Hotel in Arcachon, assisted by his aunt Susana Barret. He died away from his family and away from the only place that he considered as his fatherland, Paraguay, and without a single mention in the country from where he escaped: Spain.
During his life only saw published one book: "Actual Moralities", that was successful in Uruguay, a place where the intellectuals always connected with Barret. The luminous star of Rafael Barrett dimly reappears over the sky of Madrid when the America Editorial edits some of his work.
The relevance of Barrett.
Three of the greatest writers from South America have expressed their deep admiration for the work of Barrett and his influence on them.
In Paraguay, Augusto Roa Bastos said: 
Barrett taught to us, the Paraguayan writers, to write. He introduced us in the grazing light and in the almost phantasmagoric nebulous of the reality that is delirious of its historical, social and cultural myths and counter-myths.
In Argentina, Jorge Luis Borges says in a letter of 1917 to his friend, Roberto Godel:
Now that we are talking about literary subjects I ask you if you know a great writer, Rafael Barrett, with a free and bold spirit. With tears in my eyes and on my knees I beg you that when you have a national or two to spend, go straight to Mendesky's, or any other library- and ask for a copy of "Looking the life" of this author. I think that it was published in Montevideo. Is a great book, and reading it soothed me from the foolishness of Giusti, Soiza, O'Reilly and my cousin Alvarito Melián Lafinur.
In Uruguay, José Enrique Rodó was amazed by his press articles. He wrote:
[...] It’s been a long time since that when I step out with someone I could ask about this kind of things, whether is or not the subject, I ask: Do you read La Razón? Have you noticed some articles signed by Rafael Barrett?
The work from Barrett, besides of the singular commitment with his time and circumstance, contains a beauty and an exceptional aesthetic value. In Paraguay is thought that Barrett begins from the conception of the critic realism in the vision of the narrative matter, and his short stories reveal great part of his notable aesthetic gift for the construction of the tale. The author that, through his work, with skill, sensitivity and beauty, gives exuberance to his work doesn’t forget the irony and the paradox, essentially intellectual resources.
"My Anarchism".
The social and political thoughts of Rafael Barret experiments, in the course of his seven years of expression, a clear transformation that goes from an individualism that converges vitalists Nietzsche-like features, to a fully assumed, mutual anarchism.
The inflection point in that evolution is produced between the end of 1906 and beginnings of 1907. On those dates, his concern about social subjects is becoming bigger and his critic position becoming more radical. Possibly it was the time required to assimilate the tough American reality ("the Paraguayan pain"), after of contact it, Barret enriches his spirit. The exuberant and conflictive American vitality filled the hole that the European intellectual ambient could have left on him.
Is from 1908 that Barret begins to self-define as anarchist in his famous pamphlet "My Anarchism".
The etymological sense of "absence of government" is enough for me. We have to destroy the spirit of authority and the prestige of the laws. That's it. That would be the work of the free exam. The fools think that anarchy is disorder and that without government the society will always end in chaos. They don't conceive other order that the one imposed from the exterior by the terror of the weapons. The anarchism, as I understand it, is reduced to the free political exam. [...] ¿So what we must do? Educate the others and us. Everything is resumed in the free exam. That our children examine our laws and despise them!

</doc>
<doc id="18486692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486692" title="Grizzly Vidyalaya">
Grizzly Vidyalaya

Grizzly Vidyalaya, residential co-educational school was established in 1999 by Grizzly Charitable Trust. The school is located in small town Teliaya Dam, Jharkhand, India.The nearest Railway station is Koderma, Which is 14 km from the school and the nearest airport is Ranchi & Patna, which is 135 KM away.
The school is affiliated with CBSE, Delhi.
History.
Grizzly Vidyalaya was founded in 1999.
House.
Grizzly Vidyalaya follows the house system, with five administrative units.

</doc>
<doc id="18486693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486693" title="Milan Fashion Week">
Milan Fashion Week

Milan Fashion Week () is a clothing trade show held semi-annually in Milan, Italy. The autumn/winter event is held in February/March of each year, and the spring/summer event is held in September/October of each year. 
History and Operations.
Milan Fashion Week, established in 1958, is part of the Big 4 fashion weeks internationally, the others being Paris Fashion Week, London Fashion Week, and New York Fashion Week. The schedule begins with New York, followed by London, and then Milan, and ending the events in Paris. 
Milan Fashion Week is owned by (The National Chamber for Italian Fashion), a non-profit association which disciplines, co-ordinates and promotes the development of Italian fashion and is responsible for hosting the fashion events and shows of Milan. The , was set up on 11 June 1958. This was the forerunner of the body which subsequently became the . 
Proprietors of the most important haute couture establishments in Italy, including some private establishments, which, in those days, played a crucial role in the promotion of this sector, were present at the Memorandum of Association: Maria Antonelli, Roberto Cappucci, Princess Caracciolo Ginnetti, Alberto Fagiani, Giovanni Cesare Guidi, Germana Marucelli, Emilio Federico Schuberth, Simonetta Colonna Di Cesarò, Jole Veneziani, Francesco Borrello, Giovanni Battista Giorgini, and the lawyer Pietro Parisio.
The events dedicated to women's fashion are the most important (Womenswear / Milan SS Women Ready to Wear, and Milano Moda Donna being the major fashion shows). The summer events dedicated to men include Menswear and Milano Moda Uomo.
In 2013, the fall/winter Milan Fashion Week started on January 20 with Paola Frani, and was followed by shows from major fashion houses such as Roberto Cavalli, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Versace, Ferragamo, Moschino, Etro, Prada, etc. On 20 November 2013, Giorgio Armani announced he has decided to join the Italian Chamber of Fashion.
2014.
Greenpeace protested "to demand toxic-free fashion" by hanging signs in the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele. Chiara Campione of Greenpeace Italy said "the demonstration was set up “to ask Italian brands, especially Versace, because it has the highest level of hazardous chemicals in its products, to publicly commit to eliminate harmful substances from the various stages of production. Milan’s fashion week is just beginning, and probably there will be other protests in these days and also maybe during Paris’ fashion week, because also French brands are involved.""

</doc>
<doc id="18486696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486696" title="FindArticles">
FindArticles

FindArticles was a website which provided access to articles previously published in over 3,000 magazines, journals, and other sources. The site offered free and paid content through the HighBeam Research database. In 2008, FindArticles accessed over 11 million resource articles, going back to 1998.
The site was founded in 2000 as a partnership between LookSmart, which authored the search technology, and the Gale Group, which provided the articles. The two companies had first partnered to provide content in August of that year, and FindArticles.com soon resulted. As it grew, FindArticles moved away from an all-free model driven by advertising to the current admixture of free and paid content.
The site remained a part of LookSmart throughout the various changes in that company until it was sold to CNET Networks for $20.5 million on November 8, 2007, as part of a larger sell-off of LookSmart properties. Looksmart's need to offload non-critical assets in the wake of poor corporate performance, along with CNET's commensurate desire to expand its library of offerings, motivated the deal. FindArticles' SEO value—i.e., the frequency with which its articles appear as search engine results—likely factored into the final purchase price.
FindArticles had been part of the BNET division of CNET Networks.
Sometime in 2012, the URL became a redirect to Search.com. which is owned by CBS Interactive. No explanation is on that site to explain what happened to the findarticles.com content.

</doc>
<doc id="18486700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486700" title="Aquayamycin">
Aquayamycin

Aquayamycin is an anthraquinone derivative.
It is an inhibitor of the enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase.
Saquayamycins (saquayamycins A, B, C and D) are antibiotics of the aquayamycin group found in "Streptomyces nodosus" cultures broth.

</doc>
<doc id="18486702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486702" title="Continuity of Care Document">
Continuity of Care Document

The Continuity of Care Document (CCD) specification is an XML-based markup standard intended to specify the encoding, structure, and semantics of a patient summary clinical document for exchange.
Structure.
The CCD specification is a constraint on the HL7 Clinical Document Architecture (CDA) standard. The CDA specifies that the content of the document consists of a mandatory textual part (which ensures human interpretation of the document contents) and optional structured parts (for software processing). The structured part is based on the HL7 Reference Information Model (RIM) and provides a framework for referring to concepts from coding systems, such as the SNOMED or the LOINC.
The patient summary contains a core data set of the most relevant administrative, demographic, and clinical information facts about a patient's healthcare, covering one or more healthcare encounters. It provides a means for one healthcare practitioner, system, or setting to aggregate all of the pertinent data about a patient and forward it to another practitioner, system, or setting to support the continuity of care. Its primary use case is to provide a snapshot in time containing the pertinent clinical, demographic, and administrative data for a specific patient.
The CCD specification contains U.S. specific requirements; its use is therefore limited to the U.S. The U.S. Healthcare Information Technology Standards Panel has selected the CCD as one of its standards. CCDs are quickly becoming one of the most ubiquitous and thorough means of transferring health data on patients as each can contain vast amounts of data based on the standard format, in a relatively easy to use and portable file.
Development history.
CCD was developed by HL7 with consultation and advice from several members of ASTM E31, the technical committee responsible for development and maintenance of the Continuity of Care Record (CCR) standard. In the opinion of HL7 and its members, the CDA CCD combines the benefits of ASTMs Continuity of Care Record (CCR) and the HL7 Clinical Document Architecture (CDA) specifications. It is intended as an alternate implementation to the one specified in ASTM ADJE2369 for those institutions or organizations committed to implementation of the HL7 Clinical Document Architecture.
The public library is relatively limited of reference CCDs available for developers to examine how to encode medical data using the structure and format of the CCD. Not surprisingly, different Electronic Health Record vendors have implemented the CCD standard in different and often incompatible ways. The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has produced a sample CCD with valid data that is available for public download.
CCD and Meaningful Use.
As part of U.S. federal incentives for the adoption of electronic health records, known as Meaningful Use, the CCD and Continuity of Care Record (CCR) were both selected as acceptable extract formats for clinical care summaries in the program's first stage. To be certified for this federal program, an Electronic Health Record must be able to generate a CCD (or equivalent CCR) that has the sections of allergies, medications, problems, and laboratory results, in addition to patient header information. Several of these sections also have mandated vocabularies, such as LOINC for laboratory results, according to the federal program.
When ambulatory and inpatient care providers attest that they have achieved the first stage of Meaningful Use, they document that they have tested their capability to "exchange clinical information and patient summary record," which is a core objective of the program. Most Electronic Health Record vendors have adopted the CCD rather than the Continuity of Care Record since it is a newer format that harmonizes the Continuity of Care Record and the HL7 Clinical Document Architecture (CDA) specifications. For the proposed second stage of Meaningful Use, the CCD is planned to become the primary extract format for clinical care summaries as part of the Consolidated Clinical Document Architecture.
Competition and Internet Health Industry Standards.
CCD and Continuity of Care Record (CCR) are often seen as competing standards. The now-defunct Google Health supported a subset of CCR, while Microsoft HealthVault claims to support a subset of both CCR and CCD. 

</doc>
<doc id="18486755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486755" title="Chorizanthe parryi">
Chorizanthe parryi

Chorizanthe parryi is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name Parry's spineflower and San Bernardino spineflower. 
The plant is endemic to Southern California, where it is found in the San Bernardino Mountains, San Gabriel Mountains and Western Transverse Ranges, the Colorado Desert, and along the southern coast. It is found mainly in chaparral scrub plant communities. 
Description.
"Chorizanthe parryi" is a small, sprawling herb with roughly hairy stems spreading along the ground or somewhat upright. There are a few leaves up to four centimeters long located mainly around the base of the stems where they emerge from the ground. 
The flowers have urn-shaped bases of woolly bracts whose points may be straight or hooked, the characteristic which differentiates the two varieties. The tiny flower is white and sometimes hairy. 

</doc>
<doc id="18486759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486759" title="Alexander (Aetolian general)">
Alexander (Aetolian general)

Alexander () of Aetolia, in conjunction with Dorymachus, put himself in possession of the town of Aegeira in Achaea during the Social war, in 220 BC. But the conduct of Alexander and his associates was so insolent and rapacious, that the inhabitants of the town rose to expel the small band of the Aetolians. In the ensuing contest Alexander was killed while fighting.

</doc>
<doc id="18486768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486768" title="New Year's Day (Fear Itself)">
New Year's Day (Fear Itself)

New Year´s Day is the sixth episode of the NBC horror anthology "Fear Itself". This episode is based on the short story "The Dead Time" by Paul Kane.
Plot.
Briana Evigan plays Helen, a young woman who wakes up with a hangover on New Year's Day. Alarms are going off all over the city. It is revealed that a cataclysmic event at a local chemical plant has turned a large part of the population into zombies. Gradually as she wanders the city, Helen's memory of the previous night returns. Hoping to distract her from the recent death of her brother, roommate Eddie Jones (Niall Matter) took her out to a New Year's Eve party which James (Cory Monteith), a man to whom Helen is attracted, will be attending. At the party, Helen finds Chrissie (Zulay Henao), whom she has lost contact with since the death of her brother. Helen tells her that she's her best friend and the only person at the party who truly cares for the way she is.
Later, she remembers talking to James and telling him that she really loves him, based on mistaken information that she received from Eddie. It turns out that Mr. Jones, not James, is in love with Helen, and she searches out James, whom she finds making out with Chrissie. Helen has survived the night and finally made it to James' apartment. She breaks down the door to find Chrissie screaming. James then shoots Helen in the back. 
It is revealed that, in despair, Helen committed suicide after the New Year's Eve party. She has been a zombie the entire night and all of her attempts to communicate with people have been thwarted because she isn't actually speaking English anymore, just zombie-like grunts and groans. In love, Eddie, also a zombie, has been following her the entire night. After he kills James, they hold hands and turn toward Chrissie and eat her.

</doc>
<doc id="18486773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486773" title="The Iron Horse (Scottish band)">
The Iron Horse (Scottish band)

The Iron Horse was a Scottish Celtic music band formed in 1990. During the '90s the band, along with others, broadened Celtic music from its traditional roots to the wider range of music now encompassed within the Celtic music genre. From slow airs and ballads to driving instrumentals, they wrote and performed a broad spectrum of Scottish folk music. Though the band split up in 2001, due to contractual recording obligations, they reunited briefly in 2004 to record a final album. 
The band was introduced to a wider audience when they created the music for the BBC TV documentary series, "The Gamekeeper" (1995). Five Hands High, one of their more notable albums, opened with "8-Step Waltz", in fact a reel, but the band is best known for their album "Demons and Lovers' and, live, they added a drummer (Lee Agnew, also part of Dougie MacLean's band) to the band. In a further change, their 1999 tour included the accordion and keyboards of Brian McAlpine. Both had appeared on Demons and Lovers. 
Their last album in 2004, "The Wind Shall Blow For Ever More" was seen as a return of the band to an earlier sound. 
The band toured extensively, appearing at many festivals, such as Ely, Edinburgh, Tarbert and Arran. They headlined the 1994 "Celts in Kent" festival, playing two shows in Faversham and the prestigious Lady Sassoon Gallery in Folkestone. In 1996 they headlined the Gosport Easter Festival, with the contemporaries the Old Blind Dogs sharing the stage for the finale. 
Discography.
Additionally, they appear on;

</doc>
<doc id="18486787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486787" title="Guru Bhakt Singh 'Bhakt'">
Guru Bhakt Singh 'Bhakt'

Guru Bhakt Singh 'Bhakt' (गुरु भक्त सिंह 'भक्त', August 7, 1893 – May 17, 1983) was a renowned poet and dramatist from northern India.
Life.
Guru Bhakt Singh was born in Zamania, Gazipur in a civil servant family. His father, Shri Kalika Prasad Singh, in civil service, held the charge of the Government hospital, Zamania-Ghazipur. After completing his primary education in Ballia and Gorakhpur, he came to Allahabad. Here he completed his B.A. and L.L.B.. After working as an advocate for some time, he switched to a government job. In Allahabad, he came in contact with many famous poets and writers.
He was one of the knot of scholars of the Muir Central College, Allahabad which included luminaries like Dr. Amar Nath Jha.
Poetic Themes.
Guru Bhakt Singh dealt with different subjects and wrote on various aspects and objects of nature.
Details about his work.
In the year 1925 all of a sudden when Saras Suman, the first poetic work of Shri Guru Bhakt Singh Bhakta was published through the efforts of Nagari Pracharini Sabha Ballia, its meteroic brilliance dazzled the Hindi world and overnight he was declared poet. Pt. Ajodhya Singh Upadhya Hariaudh declared him the founder of the Nature school in Hindi and the eminent scholar Dr. Amar Nath Jha saw in him the genius of Wordsworth, sweetness of Hafiz and vividness of Goldsmith.
A Collection of his poems, mostly on Nature, was published later as Kusum Kunj and Bansi Dhwani.
In 1935, the dramatic poetry work Nur Jahan was published to wide acclaim. It was later translated into English.
Thakur Guru Bhakta Singh has won for himself a unique position. Dr. Amarnath Jha, late Vice Chancellor of Allahabad University, called him "The Wordwsorth of Hindi Poetry".
In 1948 appeared his second Mahakavya Vikramaditya a dramatic piece in verse which bears the imprint of scholarship and research and its inclusion in post graduate course of different universities has put a seal to the hall mark of its excellence.
Awards and honours.
Honoured with 'साहित्य- वारिधि' award in the Uttarpradesh Hindi Sahitya Samelan.<br>
Honoured by Morarji Desai(Former Prime Minister), in Aug 1977, for his exemplary services to the Hindi Literature.<br>
He received "मंगला प्रसाद पारितोषिक" award for Nurjahan.<br>
He was also awarded with रत्नाकर पदक, <br>
Bibliography.
Poetry<br>
Saras Suman (1925)<br>
Kusum Kunj (1927)<br>
Vanshidwani (1932)<br>
Nurjahan (1935)<br>
Vikramaditya (1944)<br>
Do Phool (1963)
Dramas<br>
Prem-paash (1919) - Unpublished<br>
Tasneem (1920) - Unpublished<br>
Radhiya (1924) - Unpublished<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18486789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486789" title="Paulo Tocha">
Paulo Tocha

Paulo Tocha is a martial artist, actor and fight choreographer.
Biography.
Tocha was born in Africa, of Portuguese and Italian ancestry, growing up in Mozambique and Johannesburg, South Africa. He moved to Thailand because he wanted to learn "real" Muay Thai boxing. He was one of the first Westerners to fight in Thailand, one of the first and few ever to be allowed into its secretive world and to be accepted as a foreign fighter. Tocha trained at a prestigious Muay Thai fighting camp in Bangkok called Sor Thanikul in the early eighties, recognized for its many champions. From Thailand, Paulo traveled to the People's Republic of China where he was once again the first foreigner to fight and win. 31 October 1985. In 1988 he was authorized to teach and accepted as a trainer for the camp. Tocha also worked as an actor in Asia.
Afterwards, Tocha moved to Los Angeles, California where he continues his acting career and is an instructor of Muay Thai. He retired from Muay Thai in Feb. 2001 in Bangkok, Thailand after competing against Rajadmnuen stadium top ranked Wohryoodnoi Majestic.
Tocha is the Senior vice president of USMTA – United States Muay Thai Association.
World Muay Thai council - - judge and Referee.
World Boxing Council - and Referee.[Muaythai
Las VegasMixed Martial Arts- [MMA- Referee
Tocha has worked as a technical advisor in Hollywood for major studios in film, television and many independent film companies. As a Hollywood actor, Tocha continues his career with an extensive resume, in both film and TV. He was nominated for the U.S. National Actor's Award, International Actor's Award, and U.S. Judge and Referee of the Year Award in 1999.
In 2007 he was the face of Cingular Networks in its national and international television advertising campaign.
Tocha is currently the executive producer for a new Hollywood television series titled "Strong Spirit".

</doc>
<doc id="18486802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486802" title="8th (Lucknow) Division">
8th (Lucknow) Division

The 8th Lucknow Division was a formation of the British Indian Army's Northern Army that was first formed as a result of the Kitchener reforms of the Indian Army in 1903. The Division remained in India on internal security duties during World War I, though the 8th (Lucknow) Cavalry Brigade was transferred to the 1st Indian Cavalry Division and served in France on the Western Front, as well as alongside the 22nd Lucknow Infantry Brigade as part of the 11th Indian Division in Egypt, which was part of the Middle Eastern theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="18486807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486807" title="Tôn Thất Đính (mandarin)">
Tôn Thất Đính (mandarin)

Tôn Thất Đính (尊室訂, ?–1885) was a Vietnamese mandarin of the Nguyễn Dynasty who served under Emperor Tự Đức. He was the governor of Hải Dương Province. His son Tôn Thất Thuyết went on to become a high-ranking mandarin, who became the regent upon the death of Tự Đức.
After Thuyết launched the Cần Vương movement that attempted to install the boy Emperor Hàm Nghi as the head of an independent Vietnam, the French colonial authorities captured Đính in an attempt to get his son to capitulate. Thuyết continued fighting, so Đính was deported. While on the sea voyage, Đính died, and the authorities threw his body overboard.

</doc>
<doc id="18486816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486816" title="Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 1975–1979">
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 1975–1979

This is a list of members of the South Australian Legislative Council from 1975 to 1979. Ten of these members were elected at the 1975 state election with terms expiring in 1982, while the other half were elected at the 1979 state election with terms expiring in 1985.
This period operated under transitional arrangements following the rearrangement of the Council from a restricted-franchise house with ten provinces each electing two members, to a 22-member house elected to staggered terms on an open franchise, proportional representation model. Due in part to a constitutional requirement that those elected at the 1973 election serve six-year terms, the next Council election was in 1979 even though the next Assembly election was held in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18486818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486818" title="Indian chick lit">
Indian chick lit

"Indian chick lit" is the Indian sub-genre of chick lit, a genre of fiction written for and marketed to young women, especially single, working women in their twenties and thirties. Chick lit features hip, stylish female protagonists (usually in their twenties and thirties and living in urban settings) and follows their love lives and struggles for professional success (often in the publishing, advertising, public relations, fashion or film industry). The books usually feature an airy, irreverent tone and frank sexual themes.
Rajashree's "Trust Me" is the biggest-selling Indian chick lit novel. The popularity of novels like "Trust Me", Swati Kaushal's "Piece of Cake" can be seen in the context of the rise of regional varieties of chick-lit. In an interview to the New York Times, Helen Fielding said, 'I think it had far more to do with zeitgeist than imitation.' If the chick lit explosion has 'led to great new female writers emerging from Eastern Europe and India, then it's worth any number of feeble bandwagon jumpers.' Sunaina Kumar wrote in the Indian Express, 'Ten years after the publication of Bridget Jones's Diary, the genre of fiction most recognisable for its pink cover art of stilettos, martini glasses and lipsticks, is now being colourfully infused with bindis, saris, and bangles. ' Sometimes referred to as 'ladki-lit', Indian chick-lit seems to be coming of age. The Zoya Factor by Anuja Chauhan is another chik lit novel which has got commendable praise 

</doc>
<doc id="18486820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486820" title="HD 208177">
HD 208177

HD 208177 is star in double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18486824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486824" title="Vampirites">
Vampirites

Vampirites are loosely mentioned human assistants to vampires in the series Cirque Du Freak also called The Saga of Darren Shan. If you are looking for the book series, then try Vampirates. The vampirites were first introduced in the book cirque du freak: lord of the shadows. The opposite of the vampirites are Vampets.

</doc>
<doc id="18486827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486827" title="Continuous erythropoietin receptor activator">
Continuous erythropoietin receptor activator

Continuous erythropoietin receptor activator (CERA) is the generic term for drugs in a new class of third-generation erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs). In the media, these agents are commonly referred to as 'EPO', short for erythropoietin. CERAs have an extended half-life and a mechanism of action that promotes increased stimulation of erythropoietin receptors compared with other ESAs.
Under the trade name Mircera, Roche Pharmaceuticals received approval from the U.S. FDA in January 2008 to market a continuous erythropoiesis receptor activator (methoxy polyethylene glycol-epoetin beta) for the treatment of anemia in patients with chronic kidney disease, including in those undergoing dialysis
. (Patent disputes between Amgen, which owns several patents relating to recombinant EPO variants, and Roche are blocking distribution of Mircera in the U.S.) Methoxy polyethylene glycol-epoetin beta previously was approved by the European Commission in August 2007, and was made available in Europe at the start of 2008.
In terms of its structure, Mircera is similar to the previous synthetic EPO drugs, except that it is connected to a chemical called polyethylene glycol (PEG), which makes it last longer in the body. According to Roche, the product has the longest half-life of all FDA-approved erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs): up to 6 times longer than darbepoetin alfa and up to 20 times longer than epoetin. CERAs thus promise both lower dosing—significant owing to the high inherent cost of manufacturing recombinant protein drugs—and less frequent injections for patients. ESAs are administered via subcutaneous injections, often in doctor's offices for patients who lack the skill or dexterity to inject themselves, so the once- or twice-monthly dosing regimen for CERAs promises fewer costly, inconvenient office visits for patients requiring constant hemoglobin level maintenance for chronic kidney disease.
In clinical trials, CERA dosed every 3 to 4 weeks demonstrated efficacy similar to that of epoetin alfa and darbepoetin alfa in maintaining hemoglobin concentrations within the target hemoglobin range. CERA has generally been well tolerated in clinical trials.
Illegal use in sports.
Like all previous generations of EPO, the drug has made its appearance as a doping agent in endurance sport. It was rumoured to be blocked from the kidneys due to its size and therefore undetectable by urine-based doping controls. However, professional cyclist Riccardo Ricco returned a positive A-sample test for Mircera in the 2008 Tour de France and was ejected from the race by his team and arrested by French police. In September 2008, it was reported that samples of around 30 tour riders would be re-tested using a new, more effective test for CERA and in October 2008, two-time stage winner Stefan Schumacher, third overall and polka-dot jersey winner Bernhard Kohl, and Leonardo Piepoli tested positive for CERA. 
Six weeks after the end of the 2008 Olympic Games, the IOC announced they would be retesting all doping samples from the 2008 Beijing Olympics for CERA.
The IOC announced in April 2009 that cyclist Davide Rebellin had tested positive for CERA use.
In July 2009, the Union Cycliste Internationale announced that Danilo Di Luca, who had finished second in the 2009 Giro d'Italia had samples from two stages test positive.
In the August 2009 issue of the scientific journal "Comparative Exercise Physiology", Don Catlin, M.D. and colleagues at the Los Angeles-based NGO Anti-Doping Research (ADR) reported that they developed an equine test for CERA.
In November 2009, the Olympic 1500 m champion Rashid Ramzi was stripped of his title by the IOC after testing positive for CERA.
In July 2010 athlete Erik Tysse gave a positive CERA sample and was later banned for 2 years by the IAAF.

</doc>
<doc id="18486851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486851" title="Eremiaphila zetterstedti">
Eremiaphila zetterstedti

Eremiaphila zetterstedti, common name desert pebble mantis, is a species of praying mantis that "originates from the hottest parts of Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18486900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486900" title="2003 BRIT Awards">
2003 BRIT Awards

The 2003 BRIT Awards were the 23rd edition of the biggest annual pop music awards in the United Kingdom. They are run by the British Phonographic Industry and took place on 20 February 2003 at Earls Court Exhibition Centre in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18486907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486907" title="Pyramid of Djedkare-Isesi">
Pyramid of Djedkare-Isesi

The pyramid of Egyptian pharaoh Djedkare-Isesi was built at South Saqqara in the fifth dynasty. The translation of its ancient Egyptian name is "Beautiful is Djedkare". The pyramid was the first one to be built south of the main Saquara necropolis. Today, the pyramid is referred to as 'The Sentinel' (el-Shawaf) by the locals.
Construction.
The complex includes the main pyramid, a satellite pyramid and an associated pyramid which is probably that of his unnamed consort, and is hence known as "The Pyramid of the Unknown Queen".
The core of the pyramid was composed of six steps of irregularly shaped limestone blocks. Its original height was around 52 m. The angle of inclination was 52° and it has a base length of 78.75 m.
Despite extensive counter measures which included three huge portcullises slabs, plunderers were still able to penetrate to the burial chamber.
Modern excavation.
The pyramid was first explored in 1880 by Gaston Maspero. In the 1940s the pyramid was excavated by Abdel Salam Hussein (his work on the site was never published).
Upon entrance of the burial chamber a smashed dark grey basalt sarcophagus was discovered, a mummy estimated to belong to a fifty-year-old man was found amongst the debris. This discovery indicated that Djedkare-Isesi must have been very young when he ascended the throne given his 32+ year reign.

</doc>
<doc id="18486916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486916" title="Mantis octospilota">
Mantis octospilota

Mantis octospilota, common name Eight-spotted Mantis or Blackbarrel Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18486928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486928" title="List of Sekirei episodes">
List of Sekirei episodes

"Sekirei" is an anime series based on the manga of the same title by Sakurako Gokurakuin. Produced by Aniplex and Seven Arcs and directed by Keizō Kusakawa, the story revolves around a college student named Minato Sahashi, whose entire life changes when he meets a Sekirei named Musubi, and later gets involved in a deadly survival game between Sekireis and their masters, or Ashikabis, called the Sekirei Plan.
"Sekirei" was broadcast in Japan on Tokyo MX from July 2 and September 17, 2008. The anime adapts the first fifty chapters of the series. Six uncut DVDs of the first season were released between October 22, 2008 and March 25, 2009. The sixth DVD volume features an original video animation episode titled "The First Errand", which involves Kusano in a shopping race between Musubi and Tsukiumi. A Blu-ray box set of the first season was released on June 30, 2010 with three Blu-ray discs and one additional CD. 
A second season, titled "Sekirei: Pure Engagement", aired in Japan between July 4 and September 26, 2010 on Tokyo MX with subsequent runs on AT-X, KBS Kyoto, Nagoya Broadcasting Network, Sun TV, TV Hokkaido, and TVQ Kyushu Broadcasting. The limited edition of the Hakuyoku no Seiyaku ~Pure Engagement~/Onnaji Kimochi CD single came bundled with a special three-minute OVA, classified as episode 0, titled "Two Topic Gossip". The full 28-minute version of the OVA was released with the first BD/DVD volume of the second season on August 25, 2010. Both anime seasons are licensed by Funimation Entertainment for distribution in North America. A DVD box set of first season was released on November 23, 2010.
The opening theme for the first season is "Sekirei" and the ending theme is "Dear sweet heart"; both songs are performed by Saori Hayami (#88 Musubi), Marina Inoue (#9 Tsukiumi), Kana Hanazawa (#108 Kusano), Aya Endo (#2 Matsu). The ending theme used for episode 11 is by Saori Hayami. The opening and ending themes were released as part of the "Sekirei Original Soundtrack", released on July 23, 2008. The opening theme for "Pure Engagement" is while the ending theme is , both of them sung by Saori Hayami, Marina Inoue, Kana Hanazawa and Aya Endo, as it was in the first season. The ending theme for episode 10 is by Saori Hayami. The tracks are released in the "Hakuyoku no Seiyaku ~Pure Engagement~/Onnaji Kimochi" CD and the "Sekirei Sound Complete" CD.
Individual episodes of the series are called , in reference to birds and the winging process of the Sekireis.

</doc>
<doc id="18486930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486930" title="Shūgi-bukuro">
Shūgi-bukuro

A is a special envelope in which money is given as a gift at weddings in Japan.
It is very common in Japan to give a gift of money at weddings. The giver inserts the money into a "shūgi-bukuro" on which they have written their name. The "shūgi-bukuro" is handed to the receptionist of the reception party. "Shūgi-bukuro" are sold at supermarkets and stationery stores.
Amount given.
The amount given in "shūgi-bukuro" differs according to the givers relationship to the couple, their social status and the style of venue. In the case of friends or company colleagues, it is usually between ¥30,000 and ¥50,000. In the case of close friends or those in a senior position at the bride or bridegroom’s company, ¥30,000 to ¥50,000 is common, and in the case of relatives, ¥50,000 to ¥100,000 is not unusual.
For married couples that attend the wedding ¥50,000 would be common, as opposed to unmarried couples where each person would give a separate amount say ¥30,000 each.
It is common to give amounts in which the leading digit(s) form an odd number, such as ¥30,000 or ¥50,000, in order to symbolize the fact that the newly married couple cannot be divided. When the leading digit forms an even number, as in ¥20,000, the amount is usually given in an odd number of bills (e.g. 1 x ¥10,000 and 2 x ¥5,000). Amounts in which the leading digit forms a multiple of 4, such as ¥40,000, are not recommended since the number 4 in Japanese can be pronounced as "shi" which is the same as the pronunciation of the Japanese word for death. Likewise, multiples of 9 are avoided because the pronunciation of this number can mean suffering.

</doc>
<doc id="18486945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486945" title="Stanisława">
Stanisława

Stanisława may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18486946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486946" title="Don't Wanna Go to Bed Now">
Don't Wanna Go to Bed Now

"Don't Wanna Go to Bed Now" is a song by Australian singer–songwriter Gabriella Cilmi from her debut album, "Lessons to Be Learned" (2008). Written by Cilmi, Nick Coler, Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins, Tim Powell, and Shawn Lee, the track was released as the album's second Australian single on 21 July 2008. It debuted at number thirty-one on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart the week of 28 July 2008. Despite only attaining a peak position of number twenty-eight, "Don't Wanna Go to Bed Now" became Australia's twenty-fourth best-selling single of 2008 by a native artist. The song appears on the soundtrack to the Australian crime television series "City Homicide".
In the music video Cilmi is seen partying all night holding and popping balloons, while singing in different rooms and outfits.

</doc>
<doc id="18486948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486948" title="William Albert Boucher">
William Albert Boucher

William Albert Boucher (born November 12, 1889 in St. Louis, Northwest Territories-died June 23, 1976) was a Métis politician, farmer and merchant. 
He was born in St. Louis in what is now Saskatchewan but was, at the time, part of the North West Territories. His brother in law was Saskatchewan Liberal MLA Arthur Jules Marion.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Liberal Party in 1948 to represent the riding of Rosthern after the resignation of Walter Adam Tucker on June 8, 1948 and a by-election next October 25. He won the election of 1949. He did not run for re-election in 1953.
In 1957, Boucher was then appointed to the senate on the advice of Prime Minister Louis St. Laurent and represented the Senate division of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan until his death. During his tenure in the Senate, he was a member of numerous Senate committees including the Senate Standing Committee on Rules and Orders, Senate Standing Committee on External Relations, Senate Standing Committee on Immigration and Labour, Senate Standing Committee on Natural Resources, Senate Standing Committee on Public Health and Welfare and the Special Committee on Criminal Code (Hate Propaganda).

</doc>
<doc id="18486958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486958" title="Stanislava">
Stanislava

Stanislava is the female form of the very old Slavic given name Stanislav, meaning someone who achieves glory or fame. It is most often given in the Slavic countries of Central and South Eastern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18486962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486962" title="William Willoughby">
William Willoughby

William Willoughby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18486972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486972" title="Lewis Caine">
Lewis Caine

Lewis Caine (also known by the aliases Sean Vincent and Adrian Bligh ) was an Australian organized crime figure who was murdered on 8 May 2004 during the Melbourne gangland killings. 
He was a self-proclaimed martial arts expert, but this was disputed by the police. Caine was portrayed by actor Marcus Graham in the television series "Underbelly".
Murder of David Templeton.
Caine was convicted of the murder of David Templeton outside Lazars nightclub in King Street, Melbourne in 1988 and was released from prison in June 2000 after serving 10 years of his 15 year sentence. He was on parole at the time of his murder.
Zarah Garde-Wilson.
Caine was the de facto husband of lawyer Zarah Garde-Wilson at the time of his murder. The couple had lived together for a period of approximately two years before his death. The pair had met while Garde-Wilson was employed with a Melbourne based law firm and was representing Caine on drunk driving charges.
Murder.
On 8 May 2004, Evangelos Goussis and associate Keith Faure travelled to Melbourne from Geelong to meet with Caine at the 'Plough and Harrow Hotel' in Carlton at the invitation of Faure. 
Caine's body was found with a single gunshot wound to his head in Katawa Grove, Brunswick at approximately 11 pm the same night. Caine had been seen dining with convicted murderer Carl Williams and his wife Roberta at Melbourne's Windows Restaurant on the night before his murder. 
On 19 May 2004, heavily armed members of the Victoria Police Special Operations Group arrested Goussis and Faure in relation to Caine's murder while the pair were walking alongside Geelong's Bay City Plaza shopping centre. Goussis and associate Faure were later convicted of Caine's murder.

</doc>
<doc id="18486973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486973" title="Shisima">
Shisima

Shisima is a two-player abstract strategy game from Kenya. It is related to tic-tac-toe, but even more related to Tapatan, Three Men's Morris, Nine Holes, Achi, Tant Fant, and Dara, because pieces are moved on the board to create the 3 in-a-row. Unlike those other games, Shisima uses an octagonal board.
"Shisima" means "body of water" in Kenyan. The pieces are called "imbalavali" which translates to "water bugs" as the pieces move quickly on the board as water bugs do on the surface of a lake.
Goal.
To create a '3 in-a-row' of one's pieces running through the middle of the octagonal board.
Equipment.
An octagonal board is used. Lines connect each corner of the octagon to its opposite corner. The eight lines intersect at the middle of the octagonal board. There is a total of 9 intersection points or spaces for pieces to be played at.
Each player has 3 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces, however, any two colors or small objects will suffice.
The board is easily drawn on the ground,cardboard, or paper.
Rules and Game Play.
1. Players decide what colors to play, and who will start first.
2. Each player's three pieces are initially next to each other in a row on the perimeter points of the octagon facing opposite the other player's three pieces which are also next to each other in a row on the perimeter of the octagon. This leaves three empty spaces left. One empty space is the middle of the board. The other two empty spaces separate the two rows of pieces on both sides.
3. Each piece can move one space at a time following the pattern on the board. Only one piece can be moved per turn.
4. Repeating a position three times is a draw.
Related Games.
Tapatan, Nine Holes, Picaria, Three Men's Morris, Achi, Tant Fant, Dara (game), tic-tac-toe

</doc>
<doc id="18486985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18486985" title="List of TVB series (1999)">
List of TVB series (1999)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1999.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:35 to 11:05 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18487000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487000" title="Vampets">
Vampets

In the Cirque Du Freak series, also known as The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan, Vampets are mentioned as assistants to the Vampaneze, while Vampirites (introduced later in the series) are assistants to the Vampires. Vampets are human and noted for the tattooed V's on their heads. In the series, Vampets are quite the opposite of the vampirites and appear to be a large nuisance to the vampires. They also do not obey the same rules as Vampaneze therefore allowing them to use firearms. Vampets are first mentioned in the book Hunters of the Dusk and first appear in "Allies of the Night" and continue to "Sons of Destiny".

</doc>
<doc id="18487009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487009" title="Ljubomir Davidović">
Ljubomir Davidović

Ljubomir Davidović (Vlaško Polje, 24 December 1863 (old style: 12 December) – Belgrade, 19 February 1940) was a prime minister (1919-1920 and 1924) of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes.
Biography.
Davidović was born in Vlaško Polje, a village in the Kosmaj Oblast. He graduated from the science and mathemathics department of the College of Arts and Sciences of the Grande école (Velika škola) in Belgrade. 
In 1901, he became a member of the Serbian Parliament, and played a part in founding the Independent Radical Party, whose leader he became in 1912. Between 1914 and 1917, he was minister of education in the cabinet under Nikola Pašić, and in 1918 in the first Yugoslav government.
The next year, he became leader of another newly founded party, the Democratic Party. As such, he was prime minister in the coalition of Democrats and Socialists between 1919 and 1920. He briefly was prime minister again in July 1924 in a Coalition of Democrats, Slovene Clericals, and Bosnian Muslims, with support from the Croatian Peasant Party. After the January 6, 1929, military-monarchist coup he was one of the leaders of the so-called united opposition. He supported the restoration of parliamentarism in the country. 
Davidović died in Belgrade in 1940.
References.
http://sr.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%89%D1%83%D0%B1%D0%BE%D0%BC%D0%B8%D1%80_%D0%94%D0%B0%D0%B2%D0%B8%D0%B4%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%B8%D1%9B

</doc>
<doc id="18487012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487012" title="Bekker">
Bekker

Bekker may refer to:
Surname.
A Dutch and Low German occupational surname, "bekker" is a regional form of Dutch "bakker" ("baker"). People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18487013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487013" title="2008 Stanković Continental Champions' Cup">
2008 Stanković Continental Champions' Cup

The 2008 Stanković Continental Champions' Cup of the annual Stanković Cup Tournament was held in Hangzhou from July 17 to July 21.
Participating teams.
Teams played a round-robin tournament.
Results.
17 Jul – China - Serbia 96:72
17 Jul – Angola - Russia - 89:70
19 Jul – Serbia - Russia 99:85
19 Jul – Angola - China 72:71
20 Jul – Angola - Serbia 68:60
21 Jul – China - Russia 72:50
Final standings.
1. Angola (3-0)
2. China (2-1)
3. Serbia (1-2)
4. Russia (0-3)

</doc>
<doc id="18487032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487032" title="Michael van der Heijden">
Michael van der Heijden

Michael van der Heijden (born 10 March 1982 in The Hague, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer.
He had a trial at Swansea City in July 2008. Hereford United in League One attempted to sign him on loan in August, but this fell through.

</doc>
<doc id="18487040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487040" title="Bavarian C I">
Bavarian C I

Bavarian C Is were steam locomotives with the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn").
They were the first six-coupled engines in Bavaria and were developed specially for the route between Neuenmarkt, Wirsberg and Marktschorgast. This route had inclines up to 1:40. The loco had an inside frame, a boiler barrel without a steam dome, an inside Stephenson valve gear, single-sided, suspended "Taschenkulissen" and a rectangular ballast tank on the boiler barrel to increase the adhesion effect. A total of five were built by Maffei. They were named: "SCHARRER, BEHAIM, LEIBNIZ, SAALE" and "SCHNEEBERG". There is a finely detailed 1:10 scale model of "BEHAIM" in the Nuremberg Transport Museum.
They were equipped with Bavarian tenders of the class 2 T 4.2 type.

</doc>
<doc id="18487054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487054" title="Cornelius Specx">
Cornelius Specx

Cornelis Specx (15??-June 11, 1608) is known as the first European to interact with the Thai court. 
In 1601 he sailed under Joris van Spilbergen to Aceh. The journey was organised by Balthasar de Moucheron. Specx became a bookkeeper of the Dutch East India Company in 1603. In June 1604 he was sent by Admiral Wijbrandt van Waerwijck to Siam with presents for king Naresuan, hoping to get access to China with Siamese help. He established a trading post ("factory") in Ayutthaya in 1604.
An embassy of five people from the Kingdom of Siam was sent by the following Siamese ruler, Ekathotsarot. and brought to Holland by Admiral Cornelis Matelieff de Jonge onboard "Orange", who had left Bantam on January 28, 1608. 
A few precious stones, taken on board by Specx, disappeared. The embassy arrived in The Hague on September 10, 1608, and met with Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange. 
Specx died during the journey. His goods were sold before the mast.

</doc>
<doc id="18487059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487059" title="Haim Yahiel">
Haim Yahiel

Haim Yahiel (b. 1905-d.1974) was an Israeli politician and diplomat.
Biography.
Haim Yahiel first arrived in Mandatory Palestine in 1929 and joined Kibbutz Giv'at Hayim. Shortly after he returned to Europe. On his return to Palestine in 1939 he served as Histadrut Director of education Haifa until 1942. From 1942 to 1945 was a member of the Histadrut Executive committee. In 1945 Yahiel was the Jewish Agency representative in Munich Germany. After the Israeli Declaration of Independence Yahiel became the Israeli Consul in Munich until 1949. In 1949 Yahiel returned to Israel joining the Jewish Agency Department of Absorption as director in Jerusalem. In 1951 Yahiel was appointed as head of Information Department in the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs until 1953. In 1956 Yahiel became the minister to Scandinavian countries later serving as the Israeli Ambassador to Sweden and minister to Norway and Iceland. In 1960 Yahiel took the post of Director General of Ministry of Foreign Affairs. From 1965 until 1972 Yahiel was Chairman of the Israeli Broadcasting Authority and until his death in 1974 was the leader of the "Whole land of Israel" movement.

</doc>
<doc id="18487072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487072" title="En Ami">
En Ami

"En Ami" is the fifteenth episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series "The X-Files". It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on March 19, 2000. The episode helped to explore the series' overarching mythology. "En Ami" earned a Nielsen household rating of 7.5, being watched by 11.99 million people in its initial broadcast. The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics, although elements of the script, as well as The Smoking Man's (William B. Davis) motives, were criticized.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In this episode, Scully is intrigued after a young boy with cancer, whose parents don’t believe in medical treatment because it is against God’s will, recovers miraculously. What she soon discovers is that his cure is not miraculous, but scientific. Eager, if wary, to learn of the truth behind his secrets, Scully agrees to travel with the The Smoking Man to get the cure to all mankind’s diseases.
The script was Davis' first—and only—writing contribution to the series. Davis, inspired by the Shakespeare play "Richard III", wanted to write a story wherein The Smoking Man was able to lure Scully in by enticing her with medical knowledge. In addition, "En Ami" was the last episode of "The X-Files" to be directed by Rob Bowman. The episode's title means "as a friend" in French and also functions as a pun, reading phonetically as "enemy" in English.
Plot.
Jason McPeck, a young cancer patient, is ushered out of the car, carried past cameras and shouting onlookers, and placed in his bed, where his father tells him that God will decide if he can be cured of his cancer. Later in the night, the boy sees bright light and men in black walking towards his window. The next day, the boy is miraculously cured of his cancer.
Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) are anonymously given information about Jason's case, and they soon investigate. At the McPeck house, Jason says that angels came to him and one of them pinched the back of his neck, and now his cancer is gone. Scully examines his neck and finds an incision exactly like the one she received when she was abducted. Upon leaving, Scully finds The Smoking Man (William B. Davis) in her car. The Smoking Man tells her that he was the one who saved Jason's life, and that since he is dying he wants to atone his previously evil behavior by giving the cure to Scully. Scully leaves, but not before The Smoking Man gives her his phone number. Scully traces the number to The Smoking Man's office address. He explains that he is dying of a cerebral inflammation that developed after his surgery. She agrees to go on a trip to retrieve the cure, but wears a wire, in order to send taped recordings of their conversations to Mulder.
During the trip, The Smoking Man tells Scully that he believes he shares a special kinship with her because he once held her own life in his hands. Mulder finds a message Scully's left on his phone suspicious and goes to her apartment, where the landlord tells him that she left with someone else. The Smoking Man and Scully arrive at the home of Margarie Butters, a 118-year-old gardener who also has the chip implanted in the back of her neck. Meanwhile, Mulder visits Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) to voice his concern, but Scully calls Skinner during the meeting and says that she is fine. At a gas station, Scully removes the wire, places it in an envelope, and mails it to Mulder. However, a man following the two removes the letter from the mailbox.
The Lone Gunmen come to Mulder's apartment in disguise and tell him that they cannot find Scully. They reveal that they have found e-mails between Scully and a man called Cobra, who is apparently working on a shadow project at the department of defense. Meanwhile, Scully wakes up in a cabin in Pennsylvania in pajamas instead of her clothes, and accuses The Smoking Man of drugging her. He claims she was merely exhausted and he was trying to make her comfortable. She attempts to leave but decides to continue when The Smoking Man tells her she's free to go and that the choice of whether to accept his help or not is hers. Mulder and The Lone Gunmen go to Skinner to figure out why Scully was communicating with Cobra. They find that an anonymous person has hacked into Scully's computer and has been sending Cobra messages calling for a meeting. The group believe that it is the work of The Smoking Man, but Skinner still does not know how to get a hold of him. At dinner, The Smoking Man tells Scully that the cure he possesses is not just the cure for cancer, but for all human disease, and that it is extraterrestrial. The Smoking Man goes outside and tells the man who has been following them that Cobra has not shown. Scully finds a note under her dessert plate saying to meet at Calico Cove at dawn. She goes alone and is stopped by Cobra, who gives her a disc before being shot and killed by a sniper. The man also attempts to kill Scully, but is killed by The Smoking Man.
Scully leaves The Smoking Man and gives the disc to The Lone Gunmen to analyze, but it turns out that he swapped the disc for a blank one. She goes back to his office but it has been emptied. Mulder informs her that this was a con and she was used to retrieve this information, but he does not understand why The Smoking Man left Scully alive. The final scene shows The Smoking Man throwing the disc into a lake.
Production.
Writing.
"En Ami" was written by William B. Davis, who portrayed The Smoking Man. The main theme of the episode is The Smoking Man's desire to seduce Scully using an agenda she would understand, in this case medical knowledge. Davis approached series creator Chris Carter with his idea, who was intrigued. He assigned executive producer Frank Spotnitz to work with Davis and craft a full-fledged script. The script went through many revisions; several scenes were cut, including one that featured The Smoking Man teaching Scully how to water-ski. Originally, Alex Krycek was in the script and an alliance between him and The Smoking Man was "integral to the storyline." As the script was written, however, this element was eliminated. The first draft of the script was finished in four weeks.
Davis saw his character as a romantic hero. Carter and Spotnitz, however, did not want "Scully trusting this man she's spent seven years hating" so easily. Eventually, the producers tweaked the script, adding "the reality of "The X-Files"'s existing mythos and past character development" to ease the transition. Davis later noted, "I was basically happy with the way episode turned out, despite the fact that there were many other ideas that I had that I did not get to see. My original conception of the story was that Cigarette-Smoking Man was a much better actor at winning Scully's affections and that Scully was less resistant to this attention to her." Because The Smoking Man was able to manipulate Scully, Carter later referred to "En Ami" as "the creepiest episode of the year."
Part of the inspiration for the episode came from the Shakespeare play "Richard III", most notably, the interaction between Richard and Lady Anne. The biggest inspiration for the episode, however, came from the fact that Davis wished to have an episode wherein he would interact solely with Gillian Anderson. He later noted, "if they're not going to give me a scene with Gillian, I'll just have to write one myself." The episode's title, "En Ami," translates from French into English as "as a friend." The title also functions as a pun, reading phonetically as "enemy" in English.
Filming.
Production and filming for the episode were rushed. The scene featuring The Smoking Man and Scully eating dinner at a restaurant was filmed on two different days: Anderson's side of the scene was shot on one day and Davis' side was shot on another. The short schedule resulted in some quick scene construction, most notably for the dock sequence near the end of the episode. A majority of the lake scenes were filmed at Lake Sherwood in California. A stunt actor, Danny Weselis, filled in for Anderson during the scenes that called for her to drive the motor boat. "En Ami" was directed by Rob Bowman and marked his last contribution to the show: "Artistically I felt like I couldn't help any more," he explained.
Originally, "En Ami" was supposed to air early in the seventh season, but the producers realized that placing the episode so close to the Mulder-centric "The Sixth Extinction"/"" made character development problematic. Thus, the producers decided to move the episode near the middle of the season.
Broadcast and reception.
"En Ami" first aired in the United States on March 19, 2000. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 7.5, with a 11 share, meaning that roughly 7.5 percent of all television-equipped households, and 11 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode. It was viewed by 11.99 million viewers. The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on June 25, 2000 and received 0.62 million viewers, ranking as the fourth most watched episode that week. Fox promoted the episode with a faux-cigarette ad that read "Warning: Tonight's episode contains the Cigarette Smoking Man and may be harmful to Agent Scully's health." The episode was later included on "The X-Files Mythology, Volume 3 – Colonization", a DVD collection that contains episodes involved with the alien Colonist's plans to take over the earth.
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode four-and-a-half stars out of five. The two praised the episode, writing, "The plot itself is all smoke (ahem) and mirrors, but that doesn't really matter" and "Davis' skills as both an actor and writer is […] very moving." Rich Rosell from DigitallyObsessed.com awarded the episode 4 out of 5 stars and wrote "Get out your flowcharts to try and keep things straight, as we get to learn a little more about Cigarette Smoking Man and his hijinks, in this ep written by ol' smoky himself. Scully and CSM get some edgy moments together, as info is revealed about an extraterrestrial-based cure for all human diseases. To further confuse things Black-Haired Man from "The X-Files" feature film shows up, but so do The Lone Gunmen, so all is not lost."
Zack Handlen of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode a "B+" and wrote that "it mostly overcomes some significant script flaws". He was critical of the fact that the script "requires Scully to be a lot more naive than she usually is". Handlen wrote that, because the episode was not as believable as it could have been this far into the series, the reveal that The Smoking Man is using Scully is "more disappointing that shocking." Despite these setbacks, he concluded that the episode is largely sound because of the performances of Davis and Anderson, as well as the fact that the entry allowed the audience to gain insight into The Smoking Man's motives. Kenneth Silber from Space.com was not happy with the ambiguity of The Smoking Man, writing, "Perhaps unsurprisingly, the episode provides few answers. And the ending, with its high degree of ambiguity, provides little satisfaction. This reviewer, for one, is puzzled about both CSM's physical condition and his state of mind."

</doc>
<doc id="18487088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487088" title="Le deuxième souffle (1966 film)">
Le deuxième souffle (1966 film)

Le deuxième souffle is a French crime-thriller film released in 1966. Directed by Jean-Pierre Melville, it stars Lino Ventura as Gustave Minda, Paul Meurisse as Inspector Blot and Raymond Pellegrin as Paul Ricci. The film was released under English titles including "Second Breath" and "Second Wind".
Plot.
After escaping from prison Gustave discovers his fiancée is being blackmailed from other criminals. Gustave then plans one last caper to steal enough money in hopes of retiring, but he has to deal with the betrayal of Paul Ricci by his own brother, Jo (played by Marcel Bozzuffi), as well as with the brutal and corrupt police inspector Fardiano.

</doc>
<doc id="18487094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487094" title="Lost Lake (Hood River County, Oregon)">
Lost Lake (Hood River County, Oregon)

Lost Lake is a lake in Mount Hood National Forest northwest of Mount Hood in Hood River County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is southwest of Hood River, a drive.
The lake is bounded on the east by Lost Lake Butte and on the southwest by Preachers Peak. The lake is fed by a three unnamed intermittent creeks from Lost Lake Butte, and Inlet Creek from Preachers Peak. The lake maintains a very consistent level via an outlet at the north tip, the source of Lake Branch Hood River, a tributary of West Fork Hood River. It is the second-deepest lake in Mount Hood National Forest after Wahtum Lake at .
Recreation.
The lake is a popular recreational site, with 125 primitive campsites
seven rustic cabins and a rustic general store. The resort's normal season is May through October. Canoes, row boats, and kayaks are available for rental; motor craft are not allowed.
A day use fee applies to all vehicles entering the area, payable to the concessionaire.
Wildlife.
The lake contains Brook trout, Brown trout, Kokanee salmon, Rainbow trout, crayfish, otter, and beaver. Throughout the area are blacktail deer, squirrels, chipmunks, black bear, cougar, and bobcat. The heavily forested area consists mostly of Douglas-fir and Mountain Hemlock with some Cedar and White Pine. Alder and Huckleberry underbrush occurs in open areas.
Protection.
The area is a part of the proposed Lewis and Clark Mount Hood Wilderness which would prevent development, logging, mining, and possibly require the removal of structures and roads.
Heritage.
Native Americans called the lake E-e-kwahl-a-mat-yam-lshkt (heart of the mountains).

</doc>
<doc id="18487116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487116" title="Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns">
Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns

"Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns" is an animated television series that follows the adventures of the brothers Click and Clack from their auto repair shop Car Talk Plaza. The program stars Tom (Click) and Ray Magliozzi (Clack), also known as the Tappet Brothers, from National Public Radio's "Car Talk". The Wednesday night prime-time series debuted on July 9, 2008, and additionally in various time slots depending on local station scheduling. The series aired its ten-episode season in two-episode blocks for five weeks.
Production.
Executive producer Howard Grossman began pitching a television series based on "Car Talk" in 2001. On July 11, 2007, PBS announced that it had greenlit the series for debut in the summer of 2008. This is the first prime-time animated series in the history of PBS. While at first a direct adaptation of the radio show had been proposed, the final product is an animated sitcom featuring a new cast of fictional characters alongside the radio-show hosting Click and Clack.
The opening theme and other music for the series are produced by Carl Finch and composed, arranged, and performed by Finch and his Grammy-award winning band, Brave Combo.
Reception.
"Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns" received a largely-negative response, with "The New York Times" commenting that "television seems to flatten and confine" Tom and Ray's spontaneity and that while the series is "indisputably adorable" it "lacks the magic of the Magliozzis unplugged." The "Boston Herald" opined that fans of "Car Talk" will be "excited to hear that Tom and Ray Magliozzi have expanded to PBS and television. Until they see the show." The show is described as "silly like a bad Saturday morning cartoon" and that the Magliozzi brothers are portrayed as "low-grade scam artists instead of the cheery, charming guys we know they are."
DVD releases.
PBS Home Video and Paramount Home Entertainment released the entire run of "As the Wrench Turns" on DVD. The two-disc set was released in the United States and Canada on September 30, 2008.
Disclaimers.
The legal disclaimer at the end of each episode notes, "The persons in this film are not real... duh. O.K. fine, Click and Clack are the radio guys. But hey, any other similarity to actual persons or events is serendipity at best." The copyright notice on each show reads, "CTTV LLV created this hilarious show to make an honest buck, so cut us some slack and don't be knocking it off or we'll come and get ya, we swear we will. This motion picture is protected under the laws of the U.S., other countries and James Bond himself. We're not kidding here, unauthorized duplication, distribution or exhibition may result in a bad day in court and a stint in the slammer. We mean it, man. We really do."

</doc>
<doc id="18487118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487118" title="Fleet Management System">
Fleet Management System

The Fleet Management Systems Interface (FMS) is a standard interface to vehicle data of commercial vehicles. The six European manufacturers Daimler AG, MAN AG, Scania, Volvo (incl. Renault), DAF Trucks and IVECO have developed the so-called FMS-Standard in 2002 to make manufacturer independent applications for telematics possible.
The following data are broadcast at the FMS interface:
The data are coded according SAE J1939. The repetition rate of the data is between 20ms (e.g. engine speed) and 10 sec. (e.g. vehicle identification number)
With the FMS-Standard it is now possible to have manufacturer independent applications and evaluations of the data.
The amount of data is dependent on the manufacturer and model of the vehicle and might be different. If some data are not available at the interface they are marked as not available.
According a note from the truck manufacturers the FMS-Standard is seen as a world wide standard. A direct connection to the internal vehicle bus system is not permitted by the truck manufacturers and could lead to the loss of warranty.
Meanwhile some manufacturers are quite restrictive in their workshops and cut all unknown connections to the internal bus system
According ACEA ca. 160.000 vehicles were fitted with a FMS-Standard Interface in the year 2007.
The FMS-Standard was as well the base for the Bus-FMS-Standard for buses and coaches which was published in the year 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18487120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487120" title="Arthur Grey">
Arthur Grey

Arthur Grey or Gray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18487145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487145" title="William Paulet">
William Paulet

Wiliam Paulet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18487147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487147" title="Bavarian B IV">
Bavarian B IV

Bavarian B IVs were early German steam locomotives with the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn").
The six engines built by Kessler were trialled with a Kessler boiler. This had a pear-shaped cross section and could therefore be set lower down between the wheels. The same effect was also attempted on the machines from Hartmann by using two boilers: a lower boiler with a small diameter and a larger, upper boiler. After two boiler explosions occurred, all the engines were equipped with normal boilers. All the vehicles had a steam dome in the centre, and the overhanging outer firebox had a flat top on which there was a safety valve and a pump ("Fahrpumpe") driven by the crossheads.
They had Bavarian 3 T 5 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18487152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487152" title="Are You Homeless?">
Are You Homeless?

Are You Homeless? is an EP from The Jimi Homeless Experience. It contains seven tracks of parody songs written by Jon Kinyon, each one lampooning a well known Jimi Hendrix hit. The CD was officially released on August 23, 2007, the 40th anniversary of The Jimi Hendrix Experience's first LP, Are You Experienced. The album cover itself is a parody of this influential album.
Track listing.
The track listing of parodies are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18487159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487159" title="Stampede Pacific Heavyweight Championship">
Stampede Pacific Heavyweight Championship

The Stampede Pacific Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling title, the first secondary title to be created following the reopening of Stampede Wrestling in 1999. The title was defended over a two-year period before being abandoned in late 2001. Title defenses were held primarily in Alberta as well in the United States and Japan. There have been a total of four recognized champions who have had a combined five official reigns.

</doc>
<doc id="18487162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487162" title="Heritage at Risk">
Heritage at Risk

Heritage at Risk is a collective term applied to 'designated' heritage assets (i.e. those that are protected as Listed Buildings, Scheduled Monuments, etc.) that are at risk as a result of neglect, decay or inappropriate development, or are vulnerable to becoming so.
In England, an annual Heritage at Risk Register is published by English Heritage. The survey is used by national and local government, a wide range of individuals and heritage groups to establish the extent of risk and to help assess priorities for action and funding decisions. This Heritage at Risk data is one of the UK government's official statistics.
The generic phrase 'heritage at risk' is also used by a range of organisations to describe historic assets that are not formally protected by the designation process, including art and canals, but that are in danger of decay or loss.
Content.
The Heritage at Risk Register covers:
The national Register is produced as an online database, and as a register for each of the nine English regions.
The site's condition and trends are published for each entry. The Register is accompanied by a summary that provides key statistics and includes:
Each entry is given a priority for action, ranging from A: "immediate risk of further rapid deterioration/loss of fabric and no solution agreed", to F: "repair scheme in progress (and where applicable) end user found". It is possible to search the register online—by location, asset type and condition.
Many English planning authorities publish their own 'Heritage at Risk' or 'Buildings at Risk' registers, and several are published on local council websites,
e.g. Bolsover District Council and Essex County Council.
Origins of the survey.
Heritage at Risk initially focussed on buildings. English Heritage developed a methodology for assessing building at risk in the mid-1980s and worked with a number of local planning authorities to carry out surveys of listed buildings to identify which were are risk. Ipswich Borough Council has continued to maintain its buildings at risk register since 1987. SAVE Britain's Heritage (SAVE) has compiled a register of buildings at risk since 1989.
English Heritage published its first Register of Buildings at Risk in London in 1991. It only included listed buildings in London. This was followed by publication of the national Buildings at Risk sample survey in 1992. The Buildings at Risk Register was extended nationally to all Grade I and Grade II* listed buildings and structural scheduled monuments in England in 1998. The 2007 register included 1,235 buildings and structures; of these the 16 in most serious danger had an estimated repair bill of £127.9m.
This was produced annually by English Heritage until 2008, when the scope was extended to include all heritage assets that receive some measure of legal protection through the designation system. Between 2008 and 2010 scheduled monuments, registered parks and gardens, registered battlefields, protected wreck sites and conservation areas (as well as listed buildings) were added to the Register.
Since 2009 each annual report has focussed on a particular category of asset:
Official status.
The Heritage at Risk data produced by English Heritage is an official statistic. As an official statistic, the methodology for collecting, analysing and publishing the data follows the regulations set out in the Code of Practice for Official Statistics January 2009. Details of the methodology are published in the English Heritage website.
Key statistics.
Key results of 2011 Heritage at Risk research in England:
For comparison, survey results in 2010 were:
Other registers.
SAVE (an independent group of architects, journalists and planners) publishes a catalogue of buildings at risk (not free), as well as information on its website. The SAVE register includes information on Grade II listed buildings (outside London) throughout England and Wales.
Buildings at Risk Register for Scotland is maintained by the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland (RCAHMS) on behalf of Historic Scotland, and provides information on properties of architectural or historic merit throughout the country that are considered to be at risk.
Ulster Architectural Heritage Society has compiled an online Register of Buildings at Risk in Northern Ireland, in conjunction with the Northern Ireland Environment Agency (NIEA).
Every two years since 1996, the World Monuments Watch produces a list of international cultural heritage around the globe that is at risk from the forces of nature and the impact of social, political, and economic change.
The Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings (SPAB) publishes a list of historic buildings in need of repair, or a new use, that are for sale or lease. The list is sent out quarterly (along with the SPAB news) to those members who request it. To obtain the list you need to be a member of SPAB.
Australia, SE Europe, the US National Institute for Conservation and the US Galveston Historical Foundation also produce lists of heritage at risk.
Protecting at-risk sites.
Different assets have different problems and many are owned privately.
Historic Environment Local Management (HELM) has identified some common themes:
English Heritage is concerned that the progress made over the past decade could soon stall or be reversed due to the current economic climate. This is echoed by well-known historians in England and Europe. Dr Mark Adams from the National Museums Liverpool Field Archaeology Unit and Mick Aston, Professor of Archaeology at the University of Bristol, wrote a joint letter to the "Times" calling on the government to save our heritage. They claim that despite contributing an estimated £20.6 billion annually to the economy, the heritage sector is facing disproportionate cuts both locally and nationally.

</doc>
<doc id="18487163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487163" title="Jeff Olm">
Jeff Olm

Jeff Olm began his visual effects career in 1986 at The Post Group as an assistant editor. Jeff has since held key roles in film projects including "Seabiscuit" (Sequence Colorist), "Reign of Fire" (skydiving sequence Lead Compositor), "Titanic", "Spider-Man", "Castaway", "Armageddon", "Black Hawk Down" and "Harry Potter" (visual effects compositing and/or color grading). With over 40 film credits and a multitude of television and commercial credits, Jeff has gained extensive experience working the high end systems including SCRATCH, Flame, Inferno, Shake, Lustre, FinalTouch and Speed Grade. He has consulted on workflow and trained colorists for Technicolor, TDI/Creative Services/Sony, Red Car and Ascent Media. Jeff’s history includes visual effects compositing and color correction roles with Sony Pictures Imageworks, DreamWorks Animation, Disney Feature Animation, Asylum, CIS and Discreet (Autodesk).

</doc>
<doc id="18487166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487166" title="Khando Ballal">
Khando Ballal

Khanderao Ballal Chitnis, popularly known as ‘Khando Ballal’, was a diplomat in Maharashtra during the late 17th century and the early 18th century. He was also the Personal Assistant of Chhatrapati Sambhaji, Rajaram and Shahu. He is remembered for his splendid contribution in strengthening the Maratha Empire by way of loyalty, diplomacy and exceptional sacrifice. 
Early life.
Khando Ballal was born in a Chandraseniya Kayastha Prabhu (CKP) family in or around 1660. His father Ballal Avaji Chitnis, popularly known as ‘Balaji Avaji’, was the "Chitnis" (Secretary) of Chhatrapati Shivaji from 1658 to 1680. Balaji Avaji's original surname was Chitre. However, after being appointed as the personal assistant of Chhatrapati Shivaji the family started using Chitnis as the surname. In the regime of Chhatrapati Sambhaji, however, Balaji Avaji was executed by Sambhaji for conspiring and attempting to kill him by poisoning. Thereafter, on advice by Queen Yesubai, Khando Ballal was appointed to take up the vacant post of his father in 1681.
Contribution.
Khando Ballal worked as Sambhaji’s Personal Assistant for about 8 years until Sambhaji was captured and put to death by Aurangzeb in 1689. It is believed that once while Sambhaji was crossing a flooded river, he along with his horse was caught in the speedy currents of water and was about to drown. Khando Ballal, however, was extremely attentive and fast enough to move at once to him, pull him back to the shore and thus to save his life. 
After Sambhaji’s execution, Ramchandra Pant Amatya secretly sent Chhatrapati Rajaram to fort Gingee to divert attention of the Mughal army. Khando Ballal was one of the few who accompanied Rajaram in this hazardous journey. 
After reaching Gingee, with the help of Pralhad Niraji, Khando Ballal made tremendous efforts in finding out the diplomats and warriors those were vanished in the way and gathering them back. 
He also conspired with Ramchandra Pant Amatya to secretly move Queens of Rajaram from Maharashtra to Gingee with the help of his maternal uncles Lingoji Shankar and Visaji Shankar Tungare. 
For the performance shown during the tough times at Gingee, Rajaram gave him the "vatan" of Dabhol in the konkan area of Maharashtra.
Conspiracy for Rajaram’s Escape.
In the early 1698, when the Mughal army had surrounded fort Gingee and was prepared for the final blow, Khando Ballal designed a plot for the escape of Rajaram. He secretly met Ganoji Shirke, one of the Maratha Generals in the Mughal camp who was also the brother-in-law of Sambhaji, and begged him to help for Rajaram’s escape from the Mughal blockade. Ganoji dictated certain terms which were negotiated and accepted in writing. Thereafter, Ganoji put forth his major demand of the "vatan" of Dabhol which was then owned by Khando Ballal himself. Thereupon, within no time Khando Ballal pulled a piece of paper and wrote Gift Deed of the "vatan" in favor of Ganoji and put his signature and stamp. Ganoji was impressed and also embarrassed with the site of this great sacrifice but he could not control his greed. He, however, kept his word and helped Khando Ballal to escape Rajaram from the blockade and to hand him over to the troops under Maratha General Dhanaji Jadhav.
Later Life & Death.
Until the death of Chhatrapati Rajaram in 1700, Khando Ballal worked with him not only as his Personal Assistant but also as an Adviser in confidence.
After Rajaram’s death, Khando Ballal was continued on his post by Queen Tarabai until 1707.
On release of Shahu after the death of Aurangzeb in 1707, Khando Ballal was invited by Shahu to join his hands. Having sincerely felt that Shahu was the rightful and eligible heir of the throne of Maratha Empire rather than Shivaji II, he accepted Shahu’s invitation. Until his death, he worked as Personal Assistant and Senior Member of the Advisory Committee of Shahu and attained great respect and honor. 
When Shahu became wild on the so-called betrayal by Parshuram Pant Pratinidhi, one of the great diplomats and warriors of the Maratha Empire, he ordered to arrest him at once and smash his eyes. When came to know about this, Khando Ballal ran to Shahu’s court and requested him to stop this nonsense. He then reprimanded Shahu for such unfair deal with the great contributor of the Maratha Empire like Parshuram Pant. Shahu realized his mistake. He immediately released Parshuram Pant, apologized to him and bestowed his honor back. 
Soon after this episode, Khando Ballal died probably in 1712.
Legacy.
Khando Ballal’s son Govind Khanderao Chitnis worked as the Personal Assistant of Shahu. After Shahu’s death in 1749, Govind Khanderao played leading role along with Nanasaheb Peshwa in restoring Ramraja on Shahu’s throne.
Malhar Ramrao Chitnis, the first Indian to write History of Marathas, was the grandson of Govind Khanderao and great grandson of Khando Ballal.
Balvantrao Chitnis, son of Malhar Ramrao, was a minister in the court of Chhatrapati Pratapsinh since 1818. He remained loyal to Pratapsinh until his death in the prison of the British Government.

</doc>
<doc id="18487169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487169" title="Andrew Windsor">
Andrew Windsor

Andrew Windsor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18487170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487170" title="Task 40">
Task 40

IEA Bioenergy Task 40: Sustainable International Bioenergy Trade, commonly abbreviated Task 40, was established under the International Energy Agency (IEA) Bioenergy Implementing Agreement in December 2003 with the aim of focusing on international bioenergy technology potential, barriers, and trade as well as its wider implications. Task 40 develops sustainable biomass markets, leading to a stable global commodity market in biomass energy. 

</doc>
<doc id="18487206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487206" title="Hollywood A.D.">
Hollywood A.D.

"Hollywood A.D." is the nineteenth episode of the seventh season of the American science fiction television series "The X-Files". It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on April 30, 2000. The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology. "Hollywood A.D." earned a Nielsen household rating of 7.7, being watched by 12.88 million people in its initial broadcast. The episode was met with largely positive reviews, with many critics approving of the episode's humorous nature.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In this episode, Wayne Federman, an entrepreneurial Hollywood producer and college friend of Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) picks up the idea for a film based on the X-Files, however Mulder and Scully find that the level of realism in their fictional portrayal is somewhat questionable. Meanwhile, during the filming of the movie, Mulder and Scully research the mysterious "Lazarus Bowl", an artifact that supposedly has the words Jesus Christ spoke when he raised Lazarus from the dead.
"Hollywood A.D." was written and directed by series star David Duchovny, his second writing and directing credit after the sixth season episode "The Unnatural." The episode—written with a "self-reflexive" tone—features a myriad of guest stars, including, most notably, Garry Shandling and Téa Leoni, who portray Mulder and Scully, respectively, in the episode's fictional movie. The episode itself contains several in-jokes and references deliberately placed by Duchovny.
Plot.
Walter Skinner's old college friend, Hollywood producer Wayne Federman, is involved in a film project about the FBI. During Federman's research phase, Skinner gives him access to Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, who are investigating the attempted murder of Cardinal O'Fallon. Federman tags along and constantly interrupts the agents. While searching the catacombs of O'Fallon's church, Mulder finds the remains of Micah Hoffman, a missing 1960s counter-culturalist. Searching Hoffman's apartment, they find bombs and counterfeiting tools, as well as forged gospel of Mary Magdalene. Mulder and Federman return to the church and search the catacombs, finding several skeletons and pieces of the forged gospel. Federman wanders off and stumbles upon animated bones, who attempt to assemble a shattered piece of pottery. He panics and leaves the scene.
Mulder and Scully examine the pottery. Scully tells Mulder the story of "The Lazarus Bowl", in which the aunt of Lazarus had been making a clay bowl when Jesus Christ resurrected him. The words of Christ were then recorded in the grooves of the bowl, much like a phonograph record. Mulder brings the relic to Chuck Burks, who, after performing a sonic analysis, discovers voices in Aramaic; in one portion part of the audio, one man commands another to rise from the dead.
Mulder visits O'Fallon, who admits he bought the forged gospel from Hoffman, but believed it was real. Meanwhile, during Hoffman's autopsy, Scully experiences a vision wherein he comes back to life on the operating table and begins talking. Later, at the church, Scully sees a vision of Hoffman in Jesus' place on a large crucifix. Mulder arrests O'Fallon for Hoffman's murder, but Micah Hoffman walks in, unscathed. He tells the agent that while he initially created the forgeries to make money, he came to believe he was the reincarnation of Jesus Christ, and bombed the church to get rid of the "blasphemous" forgeries. Skinner suspends Scully and Mulder for four weeks because of the mix-up. Sixteen months later, O'Fallon kills Micah Hoffman in a murder-suicide. As such, the X-File is never truly solved.
During their suspension, Mulder and Scully venture to Hollywood to view the production of Federman's film. It is revealed that Federman's movie will be called "The Lazarus Bowl", and Garry Shandling will play Mulder and Téa Leoni will play Scully. After filming is done, Mulder and Scully attend a screening of the film with Skinner, but are thoroughly disgusted at how their case, and they, are portrayed on the big screen. The episode ends with dead people coming to life on the movie set, and Mulder and Scully holding hands, presumably on their way to dinner with the FBI credit card Skinner gave them after watching the movie, hinting at the continued romantic relationship between Mulder and Scully that has been suggested in the last few episodes.
Production.
Writing and filming.
"Hollywood A.D." was written and directed by series star David Duchovny. The episode was written after Duchovny received positive feedback on his last creation, season six's "The Unnatural". Duchovny originally approached executive producer Frank Spotnitz about the possibility of writing another episode. Spotnitz gave him the go-ahead and was soon given a rough copy of the script. Series creator Chris Carter was very happy with the story, calling it "a smart, [...], quirky, and intelligent idea" and he later described it as "outside the norm, even for "The X-Files"." Once the script was approved, Duchovny took on an active role in preparing for the episode.
There was a considerable amount of stunt work and choreographing done for "Hollywood A.D." Two stunt doubles were hired for the scene where Shandling tackles Leoni and they tumble down a hill into an open casket. Some of the stunt men were even cast in non-stunt related jobs. Several were "transformed" into zombies, a process which took five hours. The zombie dance sequence at the end of the episode took two days to film. The first day was shot during active production and the second was scheduled for the blue screen work that was required.
Casting.
Duchovny cast several of "The X-Files"' technical crew members in the episode. Tina M. Amedrui, the show's actual craft services woman, portrayed Tina, the craft service woman for Wayne Federman's movie. Bill Roe, the show's photography director, was cast as the vegetarian zombie. Assistant director Barry K. Thomas was cast as one of the men on the movie set, Paul Rabwin was cast as a producer, and special effects coordinator Bill Millar was cast as the movie's director. Duchovny also cast his brother, Daniel, as the assistant director. Several of the family members and friends cast by Duchovny were able to apply for their Screen Actor's Guild card and were able to apply for a health insurance plan.
Téa Leoni, who portrayed a fictionalized version of herself portraying Scully in the production, was married to David Duchovny when this episode was filmed, a decision casting director Rick Millikan considered "clever." Duchovny also cast his friend and fellow actor Garry Shandling as a fictionalized version of himself portraying Mulder. Shandling had originally been sought out to play the part of Morris Fletcher in the sixth season episode "Dreamland." The joke about Garry Shandling having a crush on Mulder came from a recurring joke from the TV show "The Larry Sanders Show", starring Shandling. In the recurring joke, David Duchovny has a homosexual interest in Shandling's character.
The joke about Mulder wanting Richard Gere to appear in the movie stemmed from the fact that Duchovny's acting was often compared to Gere's. Duchovny decided to turn the idea into a joke, saying, "we used to always have the joke on set that when they do the movie it's going to be Richard Gere and Jodie Foster Mulder and Scully. So I originally wrote the teaser for Richard Gere and Jodie Foster and I just started to think about it and you know, it's so much funnier with Garry and Téa." The episode featured several uncredited celebrity cameos. During the premiere of the movie, Duchovny's "Return to Me" costars Minnie Driver and David Alan Grier appear as members of the audience. In addition, Chris Carter, the show's creator, made a cameo during the theater scene. The appearance was his second in the series.
Broadcast and reception.
"Hollywood A.D." first aired in the United States on April 30, 2000. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 7.7, with a 12 share, meaning that roughly 7.7 percent of all television-equipped households, and 12 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode. It was viewed by 12.88 million viewers. The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on May 7, 2000 and received 0.80 million viewers, making it the second most watched episode that week. Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "Garry Shandling as Agent Mulder? Téa Leoni as Agent Scully?"
Critical reception to "Hollywood A.D." was mostly positive. "The Montreal Gazette" named the episode the sixth best stand-alone "X-Files" episode, writing that "Despite taxing our stomach for self-reflexive comedy, this David Duchovny scripted and directed episode manages to deliver some of the greatest laughs of the series." Rob Bricken from Topless Robot named "Hollywood A.D." the seventh funniest "X-Files" episode. Jessica Morgan from Television Without Pity gave the episode a B, slightly criticizing the dancing zombies at the end of the episode. Sarah Kendzior from 11th Hour Magazine wrote that, "My favorite this year may well be 'Hollywood A.D.', an ambitious, often ingenious and occasionally flawed sophomore effort concerning the entertainment industry, religion, and pretty much everything in between." Rich Rosell from DigitallyObsessed.com awarded the episode 5 out of 5 stars and wrote that "[the scene from the 'movie' where Shandling/Mulder faces off against The Cigarette Smoking Pontiff, and his army of sniper zombies, is classic stuff, and earns 'Hollywood A.D.' high marks." Kenneth Silber from Space.com, while criticizing the episode for reveling in parody, noted that the episode was entertaining, writing, "'Hollywood A.D.' is a parody and, as such, will be unsatisfying to the many "X-Files" viewers, including this long-suffering reviewer, who'd like to see the series culminate in a dramatic, multi-episode denouement of its 'mythology arc'. Nonetheless, this episode has merit as a witty and imaginative parody."
Tom Kessenich, in his book "Examinations", gave the episode a relatively positive review. He wrote, "'Hollywood A.D.' was Duchovny's nudge-nudge, wink-wink writing-directing effort for this season. [...] Duchovny did not fail to deliver an episode that truly reflected his own wit and intelligence. All the while remaining true to the spirit of the show that made him famous." Zack Handlen of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode a "B+", and wrote that it "is muddled and frequently so in love with just being weird for weird’s sake that everybody forgets we need at least a little justification to pull everything together in the end." He also called it "a hard episode not to love, frankly." Handlen felt that the humor and sweetness helped to make the episode a success. He also wrote that Mulder and Scully's dynamic worked towards the episode's favor.

</doc>
<doc id="18487210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487210" title="Andrew Wyse">
Andrew Wyse

Andrew Wyse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18487211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487211" title="Mid-Atlantic Union of Vietnamese Student Associations">
Mid-Atlantic Union of Vietnamese Student Associations

The Mid-Atlantic Union of Vietnamese Student Associations (MAUVSA) (Vietnamese:Liên Hội Sinh Viên Việt Nam Mid-Atlantic) is a non-profit alliance of college-based cultural organizations from D.C., Maryland, and Virginia. It consists of local chapters from eight major schools throughout the region: George Mason University, The George Washington University, James Madison University, University of Maryland – College Park, University of Virginia, Virginia Commonwealth University, Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University, and the most recent addition, Georgetown University. MAUVSA seeks to unify the Vietnamese American community, facilitate communication and cooperation among the various schools, empower and develop young leaders, foster cultural awareness and education, and promote social justice.
Recent News.
MAUVSA will host the first regional summit of the 2009-2010 term on September 12 at James Madison University.
History.
In 2006, the Union of North American Vietnamese Student Associations (uNAVSA) approached students from Virginia Commonwealth University with the idea of creating an umbrella organization in the Mid-Atlantic area, similar to UVSA and other regional networks. The seven universities that would form MAUVSA held their first summit on October 14, 2006. Representatives from these schools were greeted by the helpful direction of uNAVSA President Hai T. Ton, External Vice-President Minh Thanh Nguyen, and Treasurer Aileen Pham. The uNAVSA officers presented an overview of leadership, and facilitated workshops on topics such as membership, coalition building, and project management. After this initial summit, leaders from the seven VSAs continued to meet throughout the academic year, and focused on drafting MAUVSA's new constitution. On July 21, 2007, they ratified and signed the constitution, officially recognizing and sanctioning the organization.
Activities.
The primary activity for MAUVSA is a series of monthly leadership summits. Each summit provides the opportunity for students to exchange information, establish relationships, evaluate activities, and coordinate programs at the campus level. The summit series also provides a forum for student leaders to discuss common organizational challenges such as membership recruitment, membership retention, conflict resolution, and project management.
Each January, MAUVSA hosts a retreat for its general body members. Programming for the event emphasizes networking and social interaction. It also includes information seminars and workshops on topics such as Vietnamese history, Vietnamese cinema, personal finance, and teambuilding.
MAUVSA also supports and promotes the programs of its campus chapters, such as: 
1) VSA Families, a mentoring program for new freshmen and transfer students;
2) VSA Interns, a training program for emerging leaders;
3) Cultural holiday celebrations, including Full Moon Festival and Tết Show;
4) Vietnamese language and culture classes; and
5) College Preparation Seminar, an outreach and development workshop for high school students.
Collective Philanthropy Project.
Each year, the members of MAUVSA participate in a Collective Philanthropy Project (CPP) to raise money for charity. In 2007, MAUVSA's efforts benefitted the Catalyst Foundation, an organization supporting homeless and poverty-stricken children in Vietnam. After various fundraising activities and events throughout the year, MAUVSA donated $7,000 to Catalyst.
In 2008, MAUVSA successfully raised $7,700 for Vietnamese Overseas Initiative for Conscious Empowerment (VOICE), an organization offering legal and social services to Vietnamese refugees overseas. To celebrate and commemorate their achievements, the members of MAUVSA hosted a formal ball in June.
In 2009, MAUVSA donated to VietHope, an organization dedicated to building schools and offering scholarships in Vietnam. MAUVSA presented a ceremonial check for $5,000 at a formal dinner gala in June.
MAUVSA's charitable efforts and contributions have received attention from various media sources in the Vietnamese community. They have been featured on stations such as Vietnamese American Television (VATV) and Saigon Broadcasting Television Network (SBTN), as well as news websites such as VietBao Daily and Vietmedia.

</doc>
<doc id="18487217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487217" title="Guatambú">
Guatambú

Guatambú is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18487227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487227" title="Charles Somerset">
Charles Somerset

Charles Somerset may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18487232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487232" title="Mañio">
Mañio

Mañio is a common name that may refer to the following trees of the Valdivian temperate rainforest: 

</doc>
<doc id="18487238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487238" title="Mark Lippert">
Mark Lippert

Mark William Lippert (born February 28, 1973) is the Chief of Staff to the Secretary of Defense. He previously served as Chief of Staff for the National Security Council and as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Asian and Pacific Security Affairs in the Department of Defense.
Education and early career.
Lippert was born in and grew up in Cincinnati, Ohio. Lippert graduated from Stanford University where he studied political science. While he considered entering Officer Candidate School after college, he returned to Stanford and received a master's degree in international policy studies. While in graduate school at Stanford, he studied Mandarin Chinese at Peking University as part of a study abroad program.
Prior to 1999, he worked at the State Department and for California Senator Dianne Feinstein. Lippert was a defense and foreign policy advisor to then Senator and Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle and the Senate Democratic Policy Committee from 1999 to October 2000. He then served as a researcher for Senator Patrick Leahy from October 2000 to February 2001. Lippert served on the professional staff of the Senate Appropriations Committee, State–Foreign Operations Subcommittee, from February 2001 to June 2005. In June 2005, he became a foreign policy advisor to then Senator Barack Obama, who was then serving on the Senate Foreign Relations committee. He was recruited by Senator Obama's then Chief of Staff, Pete Rouse, who is currently serving as Counselor to the President.
Lippert was also commissioned into the Navy Reserve in 2005 through the Navy's direct commission officer program as an intelligence officer. From August 2007 until June 2008, he served about a year in what had been scheduled as a nine-month tour of duty in Iraq as an intelligence officer with the Navy SEALs. He received a Bronze Star Medal for his service in Iraq.
After he returned from Iraq, Lippert served as a senior foreign policy advisor to then Senator Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. He was responsible for briefing Obama on emerging foreign policy issues throughout the campaign. He helped prepare Obama on foreign policy for the presidential debates. Lippert later served as deputy director for foreign policy for the Obama–Biden Transition Project.
Throughout his time in the Senate and during the presidential campaign, Lippert was noted for having a close relationship with then Senator Obama. He is credited for helping Obama develop his views on defense and foreign policy, particularly his support for a withdrawal of American troops from Iraq, which was completed under President Obama in December 2011 as well as Obama's emphasis on transnational security issues, such as genocide and weapons of mass destruction.
Obama administration.
Following Obama's inauguration in January 2009, he was appointed Deputy Assistant to the President and Chief of Staff for the National Security Council, a position which had not existed in the Bush administration, but had existed in previous administrations. During his time as Chief of Staff, Lippert oversaw the merger of the staffs of the Homeland Security Council, which had been created in October 2009 by President Bush, and the National Security Council, into a single National Security Staff. Unlike his recent predecessors, then National Security Advisor and retired Marine Corps General, Jim Jones, delegated much of the day-to-day responsibilities for the National Security Council to his deputy, Thomas Donilon, and to a couple of Obama campaign veterans, including Denis McDonough and Mark Lippert.
In October 2009, Lippert resigned from the National Security Council to return to active duty in the Navy. There was speculation surrounding Lippert's resignation that he was pushed to leave due to significant disagreements with General Jones, especially with respect to the troop surge. Jones accused Lippert of leaking information about him to Bob Woodward for "Obama's Wars". Lippert was succeeded by Denis McDonough, who served as National Security Council Chief of Staff until October 2010, when he became Deputy National Security Advisor. Lippert had originally recruited McDonough to serve as then Senator Obama's foreign policy advisor during his deployment to Iraq. McDonough was in turn replaced in January 2011 by Brooke Anderson, then deputy to Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice.
Lippert spent two years serving as an intelligence officer with the Navy SEALs and the Naval Special Warfare Development Group, better known by its former name, SEAL Team Six, including deployments to Afghanistan and undisclosed locations in Africa. He continued to be on the White House payroll while on active duty, which is permitted by federal law, but caused some controversy.
After completing his active duty with the Navy, Lippert was nominated by President Obama in October 2011 to succeed General Wallace Gregson as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Asian and Pacific Security Affairs. While Lippert's nomination was held up for several months due to holds placed on it by Senators John McCain and John Cornyn Lippert's relationship with former National Security Advisor Jim Jones, and over F-16 sales to Taiwan, respectively, he was confirmed by the Senate in a voice vote on April 2012.
When Kurt Campbell resigned as Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs in February 2013, Lippert was rumoured as a possible replacement for Campbell. Lippert was named newly-confirmed Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel's Chief of Staff in early May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18487239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487239" title="Vice Versa (1988 film)">
Vice Versa (1988 film)

Vice Versa is a 1988 comedy film starring Judge Reinhold and Fred Savage. It is the fourth screen adaptation of the 1882 novel of the same name by F. Anstey. Three previous adaptations were released in the UK in 1916, 1937 and 1948.
Preceded in 1987 by "Like Father Like Son", it was released three months before a similar age-changing '80s comedy, "Big", which eclipsed both films' success. 
Heavy metal band Malice makes a small appearance in the film.
Plot.
In Thailand, a pair of smugglers steal an ancient skull from a Buddhist monastery. 
Marshall Seymour (Judge Reinhold) is Vice President of a Chicago department store in charge of buying. He is divorced and has a son named Charlie (Fred Savage) whom he has no time for. He, along with his girlfriend Sam (Corinne Bohrer), are on a trip to Thailand to purchase exotic merchandise. At the same time, an art thief named Turk (David Proval), tries to purchase the skull but has to find a way to smuggle it out of the country so he puts it with one of Marshall's purchases, so he and his accomplice Tina Brooks (Swoosie Kurtz), arrange to make a switch with a ginger jar that Marshall purchased that was replaced with the skull. 
When Marshall returns, he takes Charlie for a few days while his mother, Robyn (Jane Kaczmarek), and step father, cliff, are vacationing. Tensions run high in this family since Charlie can't understand why his father can't be more involved in his life. While Charlie is holding the skull, they get into an argument about how they wish they could be in each other's bodies. It is revealed that the skull possesses magical powers, and after they both express a wish and touch the skull, Charlie grows up into his father's body, and Marshall shrinks into his son's body. After the initial shock, they each realize they must live out their lives as each other, and Marshall heads off to school to deal with tests, bullies and hockey practice, while Charlie resumes his role as a Vice President from an 11-year-old's viewpoint.
After failing to get back the skull by asking nicely, the thieves embark on mission to steal it, and end up kidnapping Marshall as ransom. During this time, Marshall explains to them that he is not himself, and his father is not himself, that they have switched, due to the skull. Turk, the male thief, seriously considers what Marshall is saying, but Tina is just concerned about getting the skull back so they can be rich. Eventually they get the skull, and Marshall is returned. However Marshall and Charlie rush to reacquire the skull so they themselves can switch back. The last we see them, the two have touched the skull and change genders right as Charlie steals the skull back from them, leaving them in each other's bodies as punishment.
In the end, Marshall and Charlie switch back once they realize how they did it in the first place.
Critical and box office reaction.
The film received mixed reviews, and flopped at the box-office. The film was given a score of 43% on Rotten Tomatoes. It grossed $13,664,060 in the USA on its theatrical run.
In popular culture.
The film was mentioned in an episode of "" by Randal Graves as an attempted bribery of being Dante Hicks' lawyer by telling the "honorable" Judge Reinhold that he has seen all of his movies including "Zandalee" and "Vice Versa".
In an episode of "Community", Troy and Abed plan a day of watching "Freaky Friday (film)" and all other movies with the same basic premise, including "Vice Versa", the DVD of which Abed immediately throws away.

</doc>
<doc id="18487274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487274" title="Cairo Derby">
Cairo Derby

The Cairo Derby, also known as the Egyptian Derby, is a football match between Egyptian clubs Al-Ahly S.C. and Zamalek SC. It is a match between arguably the two most successful clubs in Egypt and Africa. Ahly and Zamalek were named by the Confederation of African Football "CAF" as The 1st and 2nd African Clubs of the 20th Century respectively. Both teams are located in Greater Cairo and their matches are considered the highlight of the football season with live broadcast to most of the Arab countries since the seventies. Usually the Derby is played twice each season with 2 matches in the Egyptian Premier League, but it is not uncommon to find the teams meeting each other in the Egypt Cup and in Africa's most prestigious club competition, the CAF Champions League.
The rivalry.
Ever since their creation, both clubs have been the top clubs in the Egyptian Premier League, the country's top-flight football league. In the first half of the twentieth century. 
Ahly won their first league title when the Egyptian Premier League was first created in the 1948-49 season and won 36 domestic titles after that. Zamalek managed to win the league 11 times and came second to Al-Ahly in the number of Egyptian Premier League titles won.
The largest winning margin in this derby was 6-0 for Zamalek for two times, The first was in 1942 Cairo League, The Second was in 1944 Egypt Cup Final.
The Ground:Both Ahly And Zamalek share the same stadium,In witch in derbie matches between the two teams are played,The stadium is divided into half, on half is Red(Ahly)and another half in white(Zamalek).This Old Derby is regarded as one of the world's Fiercest derbies and the fiercest derby in Africa.
Fans of both clubs can be violent when in anger. Numerous fights, injuries and deaths have been reported before matters became more controlled due to Egypt's authoritarian regime. Yet many fights and riots still occur after derby matches between both sets of fans, leading the government to post even higher numbers of Central Security Forces troops in the stadium during the derby.
The number of fights have increased with the increasing popularity of the "ultras" movement.
In 2008, World Soccer Magazine selected the Cairo Derby as the 8th most fierce derby in the world.
The Meetings.
this meeting are the meetings in the League
Statistics.
Top goalscorers
Crossing the divide.
Due to the rivalry between the clubs, relatively few players have played for both Ahly and Zamalek. Some of the players who have done so are listed below

</doc>
<doc id="18487281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487281" title="Central Asian Survey">
Central Asian Survey

Central Asian Survey is an academic journal first published in 1982 concerning Caucasus and Central Asian studies. It is published by Taylor & Francis, and has four issues a year.
According to the editorial staff, "The central aim of the journal is to reflect and promote advances in area-based scholarship in the social sciences and humanities and enhance understanding of processes of local and regional change that make Central Asia and the Caucasus an area of significant contemporary interest."
The editor is Deniz Kandiyoti. Other scholars serving on the editorial board include Touraj Atabaki, Sally Cummings, Bhavna Dave, and Olivier Roy, among others. The journal's international advisory board also includes Roy Allison, Adeeb Khalid, Yacov Ro'i, Nazif Shahrani, Ronald Suny, and author Ahmed Rashid.
Several members of the editorial and international advisory boards are also members of the Central Eurasian Studies Society. 

</doc>
<doc id="18487285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487285" title="Mike Watson (poker player)">
Mike Watson (poker player)

Michael Watson (born 1984) is a Canadian professional online poker player from St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador who won a World Poker Tour title in July 2008. 
World Poker Tour.
Watson was the winner of the World Poker Tour (WPT) Bellagio Cup IV, in A final table made up of Gabriel Thaler, John Phan, Ralph Perry, fellow professional online poker player Luke "IWEARGOGGLES" Staudenmaier and David Benyamine who Watson defeated during heads-up play to take the title, bracelet and $1,673,770.
As of 2013, his total live tournament winnings exceed $6,700,000. 
European Poker Tour.
Watson finished 3rd in 2008 EPT London High Roller Showdown, taking home $422,750. The final table included notable pros Jason Mercier, John Juanda, Scotty Nguyen, David Benyamine, and Isabelle Mercier.

</doc>
<doc id="18487302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487302" title="Amorphoscelis pulchella">
Amorphoscelis pulchella

Amorphoscelis pulchella is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Uganda, Zimbabwe and the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18487307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487307" title="Jean Mohr">
Jean Mohr

Jean Mohr (born 13 September 1925 in Geneva, Switzerland) is a Swiss documentary photographer who is active since 1949, primarily with some of the major humanitarian organizations of the world, including the United Nations High Commission for Refugees, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA), the World Health Organization, and the International Labour Organization.
The son of German immigrants who came to Switzerland in 1919, his father applied for Swiss citizenship as a reaction against Hitler, and the family became Swiss citizens in 1939. Mohr did not become a professional artist until he was thirty, first studying economics (like fellow documentary photographer Sebastião Salgado), receiving his Master's Degree in Economics and Social Science from Geneva University, and later studying painting at the Académie Julian in Paris. In 1956 he married Simone Turrettini, a documentary filmmaker. They have two grown sons and four grandchildren.
He has produced 26 books of photography, five with his literary collaborator John Berger and one with Edward Said. His most noteworthy recent book is a 50-year retrospective of his work photographing Palestinian refugees, "Side by Side or Face to Face", published in collaboration with the ICRC and the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Museum, in Geneva, where he lives.
He is most famous for his lifelong documentary collaboration with John Berger on six volumes. His other major life's project has been the photography of Palestinian refugees over a fifty year period, from his first ICRC assignment in 1949, through the Six-Day War in 1967, to an assignment there for the ICRC in 2002.
Among his major awards are a 1978 prize from Köln naming him the photographer most involved the cause of human rights, a 1984, Contemporary Photography Prize in Lausanne for his exhibition "C’était demain" ('It was tomorrow'), and a 1988 City of Geneva Prize for the Plastic Arts, the first time a photographer had been named. In 1964 he was also designated one of the fifty major Swiss artists of the time. His work may be found in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art among other museums.
He also provided some cinematography and stills for the 1989 film, "Play Me Something", written by Berger, directed by Timothy Neat, and starring Berger, Hamish Henderson, and Tilda Swinton. He has been the subject of several BBC films, mostly with Berger, including "A Photographer Among Men" (1975), "Pig Earth" (1979) and "Another Way of Telling" (1988), both concerning books by Berger, and "Traveling with Jean Mohr." His photos were also used in the stage setting of the 1987 opera production, "Gastarbeiter" ("Guest Workers") by Vinko Globokar. His work with theatre companies includes a production called "Check Up" by Edward Bond and directed by Carlo Brandt. He also collaborated with and photographed L'Orchestre de la Suisse Romande for ten years, publishing books on two of its conductors.
Published works.
"100 photographs by Jean Mohr for the freedom of the press (Reporters without borders November 2010 Introduction by John Berger

</doc>
<doc id="18487313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487313" title="Robert V. Tauxe">
Robert V. Tauxe

Robert V. Tauxe, MD, MPH, USPHS (Ret.) is the Deputy Director of the Division of Foodborne, Waterborne and Environmental Diseases of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. He received a BA in cultural anthropology and a Masters in Public Health from Yale, an MD degree from Vanderbilt, and is board certified in Internal Medicine. He spent two years as an Epidemic Intelligence Service officer at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, before joining the scientific staff at the CDC in 1985. His research interests include bacterial enteric diseases, epidemiology and pathogenesis of infectious diseases, epidemiological and clinical consequences of bacterial genetic exchange, antimicrobial use and resistance to antimicrobial agents, and teaching epidemiological methods. He has served internationally in Belgium, Mali, Rwanda, Peru and Guatemala and has participated in or supervised numerous domestic and overseas epidemiological investigations, including the Rajneeshee bioterror attack, the United States salmonellosis outbreak, the Haiti cholera outbreak, and Pulsenet. His faculty appointments include the Emory University School of Public Health in the Department of International Health, and the Emory University Department of Biology. He has authored or co-authored more than 250 scientific journal articles, letters and book chapters.
In comments on the June 2011 outbreak in Europe, because three cases had appeared in the U.S., he stated that the supposedly new aggressive enterohemorrhagic and enteroaggregative strain had been seen before in the early 1990s (contrary to some other professional statements of other prominent microbiological experts and physicians in Europe). Although it can produce bloody diarrhea, severe dehydration requiring fluid replacement therapy, and uremic syndrome- HUS- which can lead to permanent kidney impairment or failure or death, it is not the same strain and is much newer and likely even more aggressive than the much better known and more common strain. E. coli strains, both pathological and naturally occurring non-pathological ones, in the human intestinal tract trade genetic characteristics among themselves- and among other microbially related species- fairly easily, allowing for more aggressive and thus more resistant strains to develop. Even if the strain dates back to the early 1990s, it would still be relatively new as a major health concern, and treatment- which is harder for any new and severe strain- is (like for other pathological E. coli strains) mainly supportive.

</doc>
<doc id="18487326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487326" title="Germline mosaicism">
Germline mosaicism

Germline mosaicism, also known as gonadal mosaicism, is a condition in which the precursor (germline) cells to ova and spermatazoa are a mixture (mosaic) of two or more genetically different cell lines.
A study of semen samples from 100 men found low-level germline mosaicism in one third of infertile men, with increased incidence with advancing paternal age.

</doc>
<doc id="18487359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487359" title="Amorphoscelis elegans">
Amorphoscelis elegans

Amorphoscelis elegans is a species of praying mantis found in Ghana, Guinea, Togo, and on Bioko island.

</doc>
<doc id="18487373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487373" title="Pearls to Pigs, Vol. 3">
Pearls to Pigs, Vol. 3

Pearls to Pigs, Vol. 3 is an EP and the 6th release by Electronic-Alternative Rock band Modwheelmood. It was released digitally via iTunes and Amazon on July 17, 2008. This is the latest of a series of three EP's released by the band though the band members have said they consider the releases to be part of one album.

</doc>
<doc id="18487399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487399" title="Spanish destroyer Lepanto">
Spanish destroyer Lepanto

Lepanto was a "Churruca"-class destroyer of the Spanish Republican Navy. She took part in the Spanish Civil War on the side of the government of the Second Spanish Republic.
She was named after the Battle of Lepanto.
Civil War.
"Lepanto" saw a lot of action in during the Spanish Civil War. At the start of the hostilities she was involved in the blockade of the Gibraltar Strait to prevent the rebel transport of troops from Spanish Morocco to southern Spain. In the course of these operations she was damaged by rebel aircraft on 5 August 1936, a couple of hours before the convoy known as "Convoy de la victoria" successfully broke the Republican blockade. In September she joined the squadron which sailed to the Bay of Biscay in support of Republican forces isolated on the northern front. For most of 1937 she was on convoy duty. While involved in one of these missions, "Lepanto" took part of the Battle of Cape Cherchell.
At the Battle of Cape Palos, "Lepanto" together with "Sánchez Barcáiztegui" and "Almirante Antequera", broke away from escorting the cruiser "Libertad" and fired three torpedoes at the Nationalist heavy cruiser "Baleares". Since "Lepanto" was likely responsible for the fatal hit in the forward magazine that sank the rebel cruiser, she was awarded the "Distintivo de Madrid" along with other loyalist vessels. 
On 5 March 1939, their crews hoping to avoid execution, "Lepanto" fled Cartagena with the Republican squadron bound for Bizerte, Tunisia, arriving on 11 March. The next day, Commander of the Fleet Miguel Buiza asked for political asylum and the ships were requisitioned by the French authorities and left in the custody by a few crewmen, the rest being held in a prison camp at Meheri Zabbens. Later the rebel transports "Mallorca" and "Marqués de Comillas" arrived 31 March 1939 with new crews to take over the ships.
Post war.
On 2 April 1939, just 24 hours after official end of the Civil War, "Lepanto" and her sister ships which had fought for the Republic sailed back to Spain with new Nationalist crews. They arrived in Cadiz on 5 April.
Participating in an antisubmarine warfare exercise on 27 July 1940, "Lepanto" operated in company with destroyers "Alcalá Galiano" and "Churruca" against submarines "C-2", "C-4", and "General Mola". 24 km (13 nm) off Morro de la Vaca, "Lepanto" was running at 14 knots (26 km/h) when "C-4" broached a few metres off her bow. Unable to change course in time, she ran down the submarine, hitting her broadside between her conning tower and deck gun, cutting "C-4" in two. "C-4", commanded at the time by Capitan de Corbeta (Lieutenant Commander) Francisco Reina Carvajal, went down in 300 m (1000 ft) of water. All 44 of her crew were lost with her.
"Lepanto" was decommissioned 24 May 1957 and scrapped in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18487405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487405" title="Kaooa">
Kaooa

Kaooa is a two-player abstract strategy game from India. It is a hunt game like Rimau, Rimau-rimau, Main Tapal Empat, Bagha-Chall, the Fox games, and Aadu Puli Attam. However, what makes Kaooa unique is that the board is a five-pointed star or a pentagram. Kaooa is also known as Vultures and Crows. One vulture goes up against seven crows. 
Goal.
The goal of the crows is to block the movements of the vultures.
The goal of the vulture is to capture four crows which is enough to prevent the crows from ever blocking its movements.
Equipment.
A five-pointed star or pentagram is used which makes for ten points or spaces on the board that pieces can be dropped and moved upon. There is one vulture piece, and seven crow pieces. The vulture and crows must be of different color or distinguishable objects.
Rules and Game Play.
1. Players decide who will play the vulture, and who will play the crows. 
2. The board is empty in the beginning. All pieces are set beside the board.
3. Players alternate their turns throughout the game.
4. Drop phase: Crows start first, and one crow is dropped anywhere on the board. Crows continue to drop one piece per turn on any vacant point until all seven crows have been dropped which requires seven turns. Afterwards, the crows can begin to move. 
After the first crow is dropped, the vulture is dropped by the other player on any vacant point on the board. On the vulture's next turn, it can move and capture crows.
5. Move phase: After all seven crows have been dropped, the crows can move one space onto a vacant point per turn following the pattern on the board. Crows cannot capture. 
Vultures can either move one space onto a vacant point per turn following the pattern on the board, or capture one crow per turn. Capture is the same as in Draughts, where a vulture can jump over an adjacent crow piece and land on a vacant point on the other side. The jump must follow the pattern of the board, and be in a straight line. Multiple captures are not allowed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18487430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487430" title="2008–09 Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone season">
2008–09 Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone season

The 2008–09 Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone season is made up of three different basins and respective seasons; the

</doc>
<doc id="18487432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487432" title="Concrete (Izzy Stradlin album)">
Concrete (Izzy Stradlin album)

Concrete is the ninth studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin, released only on iTunes in 2008.
Track listing.
All lyrics and music by Izzy Stradlin.

</doc>
<doc id="18487439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487439" title="Anna Charlier">
Anna Charlier

Anna Albertina Constantia Charlier () (25 July 1871, Norra Åby, Skåne County, Sweden – 1949) was a Swedish woman, today most commonly remembered as the fiancée of Nils Strindberg, participant in the Northpole-expedition of S. A. Andrée in 1897.
Before the expedition.
Anna Charlier was one out of eleven siblings and lost her parents early. She worked as a governess and met Nils Strindberg who was a houseteacher for one of the families she worked for. She played the piano; he the violin. Anna and Nils Strindberg became engaged 26 October 1896, eight months before the expedition left for Svalbard.
After the expedition.
The expedition was not heard of in the following years and was presumed to have ended in disaster.
Anna emigrated to the United States in 1910 and married Gilbert Henry Conserray Hawtrey. They moved to England in 1914.
Miss Ulla Strindberg – the late Nils Strindberg was her uncle – visited Anna in Torquay in England in 1947. She said the following about the visit:
«Anna's husband Gilbert Hawtrey was a wonderful human being who tried in all possible ways to help his sorrow-ridden wife to forget. But it was all in vain. Anna could not forget.»
Anna's home was filled with youth portraits of the missing Strindberg.
In 1930, when the remains of the expedition was found, Anna happened to be in Sweden. Unable to stay for the funeral she sent a wreath to her late fiancé. She later received Nils Strindberg's letters to her that he written during his voyage over the ice. It was Tore Strindberg – Nils' brother – who sent them after they had been interpreted (the letters were stenographed).
Anna died in 1949. She had left specific instructions to her family concerning her remains. Her heart was to be removed from her body and buried near the urn that contained Strindberg's ashes. Her body was put to rest at a cemetery in Torquay. (Her husband was later buried next to her.) Her heart was cremated separately, with the ashes gathered in a little silver box and placed in the grave near the cremated remains of Nils Strindberg, in Norra begravningsplatsen in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="18487447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487447" title="Eastern Catholic victims of Soviet persecutions">
Eastern Catholic victims of Soviet persecutions

Eastern Catholic victims of Soviet persecutions include bishops and others among the tens of thousands of victims of Soviet persecutions from 1918 to approximately 1980, under the state ideology of Marxist–Leninist atheism.
During the Second World War.
Two months after his election on May 12, 1939, in "Singolari Animi", a papal letter to the Sacred Congregation of the Oriental Church, Pius XII reported again the persecutions of the Catholic faith in the Soviet Union. Three weeks later, while honouring the memory of Saint Vladimir on the 950th anniversary of his baptism, he welcomed Ruthenian priests and bishops and members of the Russian colony in Rome, and prayed for those who suffer in their country, awaiting with their tears the hour of the coming of the Lord.
Suppression of Eastern Catholic Churches by Stalin.
Ruthenian Church.
After World War II, the Russian Orthodox Church was given some freedom by the atheist government of Joseph Stalin, which held to the doctrine of Marxist–Leninist atheism. However, the Eastern Catholic (also called Oriental) Churches which were united with Rome, were persecuted. Leaders of the Orthodox Oriental Churches faced intense pressure to break with Rome and unite with Moscow. Pope Pius addressed specifically the Ruthenian Catholic Church located in the Ukraine. Some Ruthenian Catholics call themselves Rusyns. They speak a dialect of the Ukrainian language. The traditional Rusyn homeland extends into northeast Slovakia and the Lemko region of southeast Poland. Until 1922, the area was largely a part of Austria-Hungary. After much of the area was added to Poland, which follows the Latin rite, Polonisation and significant problems for all Orthodox and Uniate Christians developed. Some Ruthenians, resisting Polonisation, felt deserted by the Vatican and returned to the Russian Orthodox Church during the Pontificate of Pope Pius XI.
Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church.
After 1945, it was claimed that the union with Rome was a Polish conspiracy to dominate and wipe out the Oriental culture of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church: Uniate and Orthodox faithful and priests had to suffer under Polish bishops of the Latin Rite and Polonisation. But now they are liberated by the Soviet Army under the leadership of the incomparable Marshall Joseph Stalin, and therefore, continued ties to Rome are no longer necessary.
Role of Russian Orthodox Patriarch.
The new Patriarch, Alexius I of Moscow called on all Catholics in the Soviet Union for a separation from Rome:
Pope Pius XII replied: "Who does not know, that Patriarch Alexius I recently elected by the dissident bishops of Russia, openly exalts and preaches defection from the Catholic Church. In a letter lately addressed to the Ruthenian Church, a letter, which contributed not a little to the persecution?"
Orientales Omnes.
Orientales Omnes refers to United Nations resolutions of a world of tolerance, free of religious persecution . Pius continues, This had given us hope that peace and true liberty would be granted everywhere to the Catholic Church, the more so since the Church has always taught, and teaches, that obedience to the ordinances of the lawfully established civil power, within the sphere and bounds of its authority, is a duty of conscience. But, unfortunately, the events we have mentioned have grievously and bitterly weakened, have almost destroyed, our hope and confidence so far as the lands of the Ruthenians are concerned.
The Pope knew about the attempts to separate the Uniate churches from Rome, and was also aware, that in months preceding the encyclical Orientales Omnes, all Catholic bishops of the Ukrainian Church had been arrested. Josyf Slipyj, Gregory Chomysyn, John Laysevkyi, Nicolas Carneckyi, Josaphat Kocylovskyi Some, including Bishop Nicetas Budka perished in Siberia.
Show trials.
Subjected to Stalinist Show Trials, they all received severe sentencing. The remaining leaders of the hierarchies and heads of all seminaries and Episcopal offices were arrested and tried in 1945 and 1946. July 1, 1945, some three hundred priests of the United Church wrote to Molotov. They protested the arrest of all bishops and large parts of the Catholic clergy. After the Church was thus robbed of all its leadership, a “spontaneous movement” for separation from Rome, and unification with the Russian Orthodox Church developed. Mass arrests of priests followed. In Lemko, some five hundred priests were jailed in 1945 Giovan or sent to a Gulag, officially called, “an unknown destination because of political reasons”.
Subsequent confiscation of properties.
The Catholic Church was annihilated. Church institutions were confiscated and expropriated; churches, monasteries and seminaries closed and looted, After the war, the Catholic Uniate churches were integrated under the Moscow Patriarchy, after all residing bishops and apostolic administrators were arrested on March 6, 1946. The Catholic Church of Ukraine was thus liquidated. All properties were turned over to the Orthodox Church under the Patriarch of Moscow.
Papal encyclicals on the persecution.
The encyclical Orientales Omnes is a summary of the relations between the Uniated (Eastern) churches and Rome until the persecutions 1945.Pope Pius presents a comprehensive historical review of the reunion, to show the many trials and bloody persecutions but also the advantages of the union to the faithful in Ukraine. In Sacro Vergente this history is repeated with view to relations with Russia in general. He again rejects communism but not communists. Those who err, are always welcome. At Saint Josaphat College he mourns the terrible changes of the past twenty years in Russia, bishops incarcerated, in concentration camps, banned from their homes, killed while in jail, for one reason only, they are faithful to the Holy See.
Orientales Ecclesias reviews the efforts of the Vatican of improving relations with the oriental Churches. Pope Pius XII mentions the naming of an Oriental Cardinal Grégoire-Pierre Agagianian, and the reform of the Eastern Canon Law as two examples. But the most flourishing Christian communities are wiped out without trace these days. He does not know details except that many bishops and priests are deported to unknown destinations, to concentration camps and to jails, while some are under house arrest. AAS 1952, Orientales Ecclesias 5 In Bulgaria, Bishop Bossilkoff was executed with many others. But Bulgaria is not alone. Many are robbed of the most basic natural and human rights, and mistreated in the most extreme ways. The suffering in Ukraine is immense. The Pope refers specifically to the Kiev show trial against bishops of the oriental Church. Still there is reason for comfort and hope: The strength of the faithful. The Christian faith makes better citizes, who use their God-given freedom to work for their societies to further the causes of justice and unity. The Pope concludes by requesting worldwide public prayers for the persecuted, and hopes hat they may open the jails and loosen the chains in those countries.
Novimus Nos is a letter to the bishops of the Oriental rite asking for faith, strength and hope. The Pope expresses his ardent desire for unity of all Eastern Christians with the Western church and comforts those who suffer in jail or unknown locations for their faith and faithfulness to the Holy See. In Fulgens Corona, dedicated to 100th anniversary of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary, Pope Pius reminds the whole world of the sufferings and persecutions in Russia and dedicates her to the special protection of Mary, who has so many Russian followers.
Destalinization period.
After Joseph Stalin died in 1953, “peaceful coexistence” became subject of numerous discussions. In his Christmas Message of 1954, Pius XII defined possibilities and preconditions for peaceful coexistence. He indicated Vatican willingness to practical cooperation, whenever possible in the interest of the faithful. The slow pace of de-Stalinisation and the Soviet crack-down of the Hungarian Revolution did not produce results, aside from modest improvements in Poland and Yugoslavia after 1956. January 1958, Soviet Foreign Minister Andrey Gromyko expressed willingness of Moscow, to have formal relations with the Vatican in light of the position of Pope Pius XII on World peace and the uses of atomic energy for peaceful purposes, a position, which he claimed was identical with Kremlin policy. The Vatican did not respond officially, and reported unofficial contacts will not be known until 2028, when Vatican Archives open access to all documents of the pontificate of Pius XII

</doc>
<doc id="18487461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487461" title="Tim Arnold (newsreader)">
Tim Arnold (newsreader)

Timothy Arnold (born 1960) was the first solo news anchor on Sky News in the UK.
Born in Slough, United Kingdom, he joined the "Windsor, Slough and Eton Express" newspaper in 1979 as an indentured apprentice, and a chance conversation with disc jockey Tony Prince resulted in an invitation to edit Radio Luxembourg's English language news bulletins on a freelance basis. A teleprinter breakdown meant he had to read one bulletin by telephone, and he became the first journalist ever to read a bulletin on the station.
Career.
Arnold worked for a number of radio and television stations before moving to Plymouth Sound Radio in 1983, where he became assistant head of news, and relaunched the flagship evening news and current affairs programme, Plymouth Sound Reports.
He moved to BBC Belfast as a reporter in 1987, where he gained a world exclusive when he discovered and interviewed the priest acting as the intermediary between the Royal Ulster Constabulary and the Provisional IRA over the dispute surrounding the burial of Larry Marley.
Arnold then moved to London where he worked as a reporter for BBC TV's London Plus programme, under the guidance of producer Neil Hughes, at the BBC's aging Lime Grove Studios, and as a newsreader for the British Forces Broadcasting Service, BFBS.
He was invited to join the launch team of Sky News in 1989, where he was the first solo news anchor. He also reported on the IRA killing of Eastbourne MP Ian Gow, and was beaten up on camera during the poll tax riot in London's Trafalgar Square. Arnold's assailant was later jailed.
He left the station after it merged with British Satellite Broadcasting, to become a freelance public relations consultant.
Arnold Broadcast.
He started Arnold Broadcast in 1997, dealing with crisis communications, media training, and corporate video productions. One of Arnold's clients was the Port of London, where he advised the authority on the media implications of the government inquiry into the Marchioness disaster. He also advised the education department of the former Soviet republic of Georgia on how to deal with a free press after the fall of communism and has trained British Council staff in London, Africa, South America and the countries of the former Soviet Union.
Arnold has worked with a range of corporate clients on reputation management issues. He has close links with the water industry, with which he has been connected ever since privatisation.
He was a co-founder of the business ethics group, the Corporate Social Responsibility Foundation, launched by international development secretary Hilary Benn, MP in . He has also lectured in journalism in various universities in the UK and US. The ABC network programme, The John Batchelor Show, called him "one of Europe's leading spin doctors." Arnold is an expert on disability rights and has worked on many high profile campaigns for Guide Dogs, the European Guide Dog Federation and the Royal London Society for Blind People - both as a strategist and media spokesman.
Family.
Arnold is married with two children and lives in Langley.

</doc>
<doc id="18487463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487463" title="Clipper City (schooner)">
Clipper City (schooner)

Clipper City is a modern replica of a nineteenth-century cargo schooner.
The original "Clipper City".
The first "Clipper City" was a cargo clipper schooner built in Manitowoc, Wisconsin in 1854. Manitowoc soon became known for its shipbuilding industry, and "Clipper City" was adopted as a nickname for the town itself. A replica cross section of the "Clipper City" is on permanent display at the Wisconsin Maritime Museum.
The replica.
In 1984, the plans for the original "Clipper City" were purchased from the Smithsonian Institution, and naval architects DeJong & Lebet, Inc. were hired to adapt the design to meet modern safety requirements. The new vessel, also named "Clipper City", was a steel-hulled schooner carrying eight sails on two steel masts: six fore-and-aft rigged sails, and two square topsails.
The "Clipper City" offered passenger sails out of Baltimore, Maryland for over twenty years, with occasional trips to the Caribbean and other destinations.
Current status.
In 2007, "Clipper City's" then owner, John Kircher, filed for bankruptcy to avoid foreclosure on the vessel by Regal Bancorp, Inc. "Clipper City's" Coast Guard certification was revoked shortly thereafter due to a hull failure. Following a brief seizure by U.S. Marshals, the vessel was sold at auction to Regal Bancorp for $350,000.
"Clipper City" was then purchased by ESV Corp and rebuilt to original condition. She operates as a day sail tour boat running out of Pier 17, South Street Seaport in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18487488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487488" title="Sydney Trains A set">
Sydney Trains A set

The Sydney Trains A set or Waratah is a class of electric multiple unit trains operated by Sydney Trains in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The train was named Waratah by the NSW Government after the flower of the same name, which is the state's floral emblem.
The design is based on the M set and is the largest rolling stock order in Australia's history. An option existed to extend the order but in March 2013 the government indicated it would not take this up. The 626 carriages will replace half of the Sydney Trains fleet including most of the 498 S sets and provide additional capacity for passenger and network growth. Delivery commenced in July 2011 and is expected to be completed in 2014.
Public Private Partnership.
The carriages are being delivered by a joint venture between Downer Rail and Hitachi for Reliance Rail under a Public Private Partnership (PPP). As part of the PPP, Reliance Rail will also maintain the trains for a minimum of 30 years at a purpose built facility at Auburn. At least 72 sets must be made available to Sydney Trains every day during the contract period.
Reliance Rail took on debts of $2.4 billion at cheap interest rates before the global financial crisis. Higher interest rates and changes in the financial sector after the GFC meant the company would have difficulty refinancing its debt, leading the Government of New South Wales into talks with Reliance Rail to resolve the financial status of the project. In February 2012 the Government agreed to bail out the project for $175 million by becoming the sole shareholder in 2018.
Design.
The sets are formed of eight carriages – a break from the previous standard Sydney practice of four car sets, which are then coupled to form eight car trains. The configuration is: trailer driving car + motor car + motor car + trailer car + trailer car + motor car + motor car + trailer driving car. This means that guards operate from the rear of the train rather than the centre and that commuters are able to walk through the entire train in an emergency. Nightshine Australia was selected to produce luminescent arrow signs line, which are affixed on the base of outer seats on the lower and upper decks to direct passengers the most appropriate route of exit.
The trains include external CCTV cameras to assist guards.
Inside, the train includes additional Emergency Help Points and CCTV cameras. Thales Australia was awarded the contract to design the train's extensive system of 98 CCTV cameras, Digital Video Recorders, Guard video display units, passenger information displays, emergency intercoms, audio servers, PA systems and hearing loops, which are linked together with Power over Ethernet. The CCTV cameras supplied by Axis Communications utilise Progressive scanning technology to allow capturing of events in clear high resolution, with no distortion in quick movement individual frames.
The CCTV cameras are designed to withstand vibration and features technologies such as an in-built heater to prevent condensation and alarms to alert of removal or obstruction.
The train flooring utilises Treadmaster TM8, made from a polymer-based material that is designed to be durable, vandal and graffiti resistant. They are also designed with safety in mind, being highly fire resistant with low smoke toxicity output.
Carriage interiors were designed by Transport Design International 
Improvements to the DVAs (Digital Voice Announcements) with differential pitch of the voice allow more natural sounding speech. All the stations included in the stopping pattern are also announced prior to or soon after departure from a terminus stop. ‘Smart’ air-conditioning will automatically adjust to the outside temperature and the number of passengers on board. Accessibility features include 16 wheelchair spaces, portable wheelchair ramps in the end cars, red fabric on priority seating and additional handrails.
The A set is the first passenger train in the world to use LED lamps for all lighting (except headlights). Woollen moquette fabric, a durable, vandal-resistant material first used in the OSCAR trains, Hunter Railcars, and later adopted in the refurbishments of both the Tangara and Endeavour railcars, is used to cover the train's seats. Detailed design of the train was completed in July 2009.
Construction and delivery.
The joint venture between Downer EDi Rail and Hitachi was established to design, manufacture and commission the trains. The stainless steel bodies are partially constructed by Changchun Railway Vehicles in China before being shipped to Downer EDI’s Cardiff Locomotive Workshops facility for final assembly, testing and commissioning. The manufacturing facility at Cardiff received an upgrade of over $20 million to cater for the needs of the project.
A four car pre-production test train was built to test the train sub-systems and compatibility with the Sydney suburban network. This was intended to allow any issues with the train to be corrected before the production trains entered service. The test train was expected to perform trial runs from mid 2009, but did not begin network testing until April 2010. The pre-production train concluded testing in August 2010. The first production set began network testing in August 2010 and by November 2010, three sets were undergoing testing.
The first trains were scheduled to be introduced in late 2010, but a series of delays pushed back their introduction. The first train intended for service (A3) was delivered to CityRail for acceptance on 20 April 2011. CityRail had 20 business days to accept or reject the train, but a decision was postponed by two weeks to allow Downer EDi to correct further defects. CityRail rejected the train due to safety concerns and a number of defects. The defects included; 'Milky' effect windscreens – apparent when under direct sunlight, no padding in the carriage ceilings, cables obstructing the driver's view, poor-quality steel welding as evident in the indents seen on some areas of the carriage exterior, gaps in the plastic moulding, handrails not lining up with stairs and software problems.
Once the majority of the problems were resolved by Downer EDi, CityRail allowed A3 to commence service, though operating under special conditions.
It entered service on 1 July 2011, operating its maiden run from Redfern to Macarthur via the City Circle and Airport. Initially, it operated two return services from the City to Macarthur via the Airport line during the off-peak period on weekdays, and all day on the Airport & East Hills and South lines on weekends. On 14 October 2011, A3 became the first Waratah set to operate during peak hours.
In August 2012 it was revealed that the North Shore line needed more power for the Waratah trains to operate additional trains on the line, resulting in a limit to the amount of Waratahs that could operate on the North Shore and Western lines. On 10 July 2013 Waratahs were introduced on the Western Line. 
In February 2013 it was revealed that after the full rollout of the Waratahs some S sets will still be required.
In service.
The Waratah trains are replacing the S sets.
The A sets currently operate on these lines:
Formation.
The 626 carriages will form 78 eight car sets (numbered A1 to A78)with 2 spare driving cars. Individual vehicles are numbered as follows:
up to
The two spare driving cars are D6379 and D6479. These were the first vehicles delivered, along with N5342 and N5442, and are part of the four car testing and development train.
The first 40 sets were delivered to CityRail with a Waratah logo on each carriage. Following the formation of Sydney Trains in July 2013 these were replaced by the Sydney Trains logo and the sides of the driver's cab covered in orange vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="18487516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487516" title="Yanshui River">
Yanshui River

The Yanshui River () is a river in southern Taiwan. It flows through Tainan City for about 41.3 km.

</doc>
<doc id="18487521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487521" title="Iowa Highway 140">
Iowa Highway 140

Iowa Highway 140 (Iowa 140) is a state highway in northwestern Iowa. The route begins at U.S. Route 20 (US 20) at Moville. It heads northeast and then due north; it ends at Iowa 3 near Remsen.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 140 begins at U.S. Route 20 at Moville. It goes northeast through Moville towards Kingsley adjacent to the Little Sioux River. At Kingsley, Iowa 140 turns north and continues north for until it intersects Iowa Highway 3 southeast of Remsen, where it ends.
History.
Iowa Highway 140 was created on 16 October 1926 from the former Iowa Highway 30, which was renumbered when the U.S. Highway System was created. Upon creation, the route was largely the same as it is today. In 1931, Iowa 140 was extended south to Hornick and west to U.S. Route 75 at Sloan. It was extended west again in 1958 when Interstate 29 was built, making its length . In 1961, Iowa Highway 141's western end was redirected away from Sioux City and directed to Sloan via Hornick on Iowa 140. Upon this designation, Iowa 140 was truncated at Hornick. Three years later, Iowa 140 was truncated south of U.S. Route 20, to its current extent, only to be truncated north of Kingsley the next year. From 1965 to 1980, Iowa 140 was a spur route. Iowa 140 was restored to its current extent in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18487526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487526" title="Amorphoscelis tigrina">
Amorphoscelis tigrina

Amorphoscelis tigrina is a species of praying mantis found in Benin, Burkina Faso, Guinea, Cameroon, Nigeria, and Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="18487542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487542" title="Dutch Top 40 number-one hits of 1987">
Dutch Top 40 number-one hits of 1987

These hits topped the Dutch Top 40 in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18487554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487554" title="Houghton Lodge">
Houghton Lodge

Houghton Lodge is a Grade II* listed fishing lodge on the River Test in Hampshire, England which was built c.1800, possibly by John Nash for the Pitt-Rivers family.
English Heritage's suggested architect Nash, better known for his classical terraces and picturesque Gothic, is less well known as a great exponent of the "cottage ornée" style. The largest of such "cottages" was designed for George IV in Windsor Great Park. However, it was at the newly developing seaside resorts that the style was most popular.
The house.
The architecture of Houghton Lodge marks a period of informality in English architecture which begin in the 1770s and lasted until the 1830s. The antecedents of Houghton's style of architecture, known as "cottage ornée", can be traced to the 'Strawberry Hill Gothic' style made popular by Horace Walpole at his fantasy castle at Strawberry Hill in the final quarter of the eighteenth century and further popularised by the writings of James Malton in his 1802 "Essay on British Cottage Architecture". 
During this period it became fashionable for the upper classes to enjoy country life due to the improvements in roads which made a visit to the country easier than it had been, allowing for shorter duration away from the more sophisticated entertainments to be found in London. For the first time a visit to the country became something to be enjoyed rather than endured. The new fashion extended to architecture and incorporated elements from the growing interest in the picturesque. Designs became more rustic, houses became lower and seemingly smaller, often at the expense of the servants comfort, as the still essential domestic quarters were forced out of sight, often underground or onto a separate wing of their own. It was this separate wing which lead to the break in symmetry so rigorously enforced by the preceding diktats of architecture, thus complementing the contrived informality of the architecture. 
Houghton Lodge exemplifies this "cottage ornée" style; the principal reception rooms are placed on the ground floor, rather than on a piano nobile. The reception rooms, typical of the style, have french windows, shaded by a verandah, allowing immediate access to the garden. Many of Houghton's windows are in the exaggerated, decorative Gothic, almost Islamic, style which originated from the Walpole's Strawberry Hill Gothic.
The grounds.
The estate sits on the west side of the River Test, with watermeadows in the eastern part of the estate. An area of of parks and lawns surround the house. A square planned grotto was built to the south west of the house in the early 19th century. Its brick vault and walls are entirely lined with flint nodules and it has small haphazard turrets in each corner. The grotto received a separate grade II listing in 1986.
The early nineteenth century walled kitchen garden measures 95 m by 65 m, and is Grade II listed. The walls are rendered chalk cob, with greenhouses built against the west wall. One of these now houses a hydroponicum, demonstrating hydroponics, a system of growing plants without soil. A long herbaceous border flanks the exterior of the east wall. A topiary garden (known as the Peacock Garden) sits to the north of the house. 
The estate has been owned by the Busk family since 1910. The watermeadows are designated an ESA (Environmentally Sensitive Area) and are managed appropriately, without the use of any fertilisers, herbicides or pesticides. A meadow walk has recently been developed here. The grounds are open to visitors year-round but the house is only open by prior appointment to organised groups.
The house and grounds have been used as filming locations for the film "Wilde", and the television adaptations of "David Copperfield", "The Buccaneers" and "The Murder at the Vicarage".

</doc>
<doc id="18487573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487573" title="Rexingen">
Rexingen

Rexingen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18487586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487586" title="Dekemvriana">
Dekemvriana

The Dekemvriana (, "December events") refers to a series of clashes fought in Athens from 3 December 1944 to 11 January 1945 between the Greek left-wing Resistance forces (EAM-ELAS, KKE) and the British Army supported by the Greek Government, the Cities Police and the far-right Organization X of Georgios Grivas. 
The conflict was the culmination of months of tension between the left-wing EAM-ELAS, the country's largest resistance movement which controlled most of Greece, and the British-backed government, which had returned from exile upon the Germans' withdrawal in October 1944. Although EAM had initially participated in the government, mounting differences with the traditional bourgeois parties led to the resignation of its ministers. On 3 December, a huge pro-EAM rally in central Athens was shot upon by the Police on orders from Angelos Evert, leaving 28 protesters dead 148 wounded. The killings ushered a full-blown armed confrontation between EAM and the British, under General Ronald Scobie. 
The clashes were limited to Athens, and elsewhere in Greece the situation remained tense, but tranquil. The "Dekemvriana" ended with the defeat of EAM-ELAS, leading to its disarmament in the Varkiza Agreement. This first defeat broke the power of EAM, and was followed by a period of "White Terror" that contributed to the outbreak of the Greek Civil War in 1946.
Background: Greece in 1944.
By 1944, the two major resistance movements in occupied Greece, EDES and EAM-ELAS, each saw the other to be their great enemy. They both saw the Germans were going to be defeated and were a temporary threat. For the Left, the British represented their major obstacle, and for the most of the Greeks, the British were their major hope.
By the summer of 1944 it was obvious that the Germans would soon withdraw from Greece, as Soviet forces were advancing into Romania and towards Yugoslavia, with the retreated Germans at risk being cut off. In September, Gen. Fyodor Tolbukhin's armies advanced into Bulgaria, forcing the resignation of the country's pro-Nazi government and the establishment of a pro-Communist regime, while Bulgarian troops withdrew from Greek Macedonia. The government-in-exile, now led by prominent liberal George Papandreou, moved to Italy, in preparation for its return to Greece. Under the Caserta Agreement of September 1944, all resistance forces in Greece were placed under the command of a British officer, Gen. Ronald Scobie.
The Western allies arrived in Greece in October, by which time the Germans were in full retreat and most of Greece's territory had already been liberated by Greek partisans. On October 13 British troops entered Athens, the only area still occupied by the Germans, and Papandreou and his ministers followed six days later. The king stayed in Cairo, because Papandreou had promised that the future of the monarchy would be decided by referendum.
At this point there was little to prevent ELAS from taking full control of the country. With the German withdrawal, ELAS units had taken control of the countryside and of most cities. However, they did not take full control because the KKE leadership was instructed by the Soviet Union not to precipitate a crisis that could jeopardize Allied unity and put Joseph Stalin's larger postwar objectives at risk. KKE’s leadership knew this, but ELAS' fighters and rank-and-file communists did not, which became a source of conflict within both EAM and ELAS.
Following Stalin's instructions, KKE’s leadership tried to avoid a confrontation with the Papandreou government. The majority of ELAS members saw the Western Allies as liberators, although some KKE leaders, such as Andreas Tzimas and Aris Velouchiotis, did not. Tzimas was in touch with Yugoslav Communist leader Josip Broz Tito, and he disagreed with ELAS' cooperation with the Western Allied forces.
The issue of disarming the resistance organizations was a cause of friction between the Papandreou government and its EAM members. Advised by British ambassador Reginald Leeper, Papandreou demanded the disarmament of all armed forces apart from the Sacred Band and the III Mountain Brigade, which were formed following the suppression of the April 1944 Egypt Mutiny, and the constitution of a National Guard under government control. EAM, believing that this would leave ELAS defenseless against right-wing militias, submitted an alternative plan of total and simultaneous disarmament. Papandreou rejected this plan, causing EAM ministers to resign from the government on December 2. On December 1 Scobie issued a proclamation calling for the dissolution of ELAS. Command of ELAS was KKE's greatest source of strength, and KKE leader Siantos decided that the demand for ELAS' dissolution must be resisted.
Tito's influence may have played some role in ELAS' resistance to disarmament. Tito was outwardly loyal to Stalin but had come to power through his own means and believed that the Communist Greeks should do the same. His influence, however, had not prevented the EAM leadership from putting its forces under Scobie's command a couple of months earlier, in accordance with to the Caserta Agreement. In the meanwhile, following Georgios Grivas' instructions, Organization X members had set up outposts in central Athens and resisted EAM for several days, until British troops arrived, as their leader had been promised.
The "Dekemvriana".
According to the Caserta Agreement, all Greek forces were under Allied command. On December 1, 1944, the Greek government of "National Unity" under Georgios Papandreou and Gen. Scobie (British head of the Allied forces in Greece at that time) announced an ultimatum for the general disarmament of all guerrilla forces by 10 December, excluding those allied to the government (the 3rd Greek Mountain Brigade and the Sacred Squadron) and also a part of EDES and ELAS that would be used in Allied operations in Crete and Dodecanese if it was necessary. As a result, on December 2 six ministers of the EAM, most of whom were KKE members, resigned from their positions in the "National Unity" government. The EAM called for a general strike and announced the reorganization of the Central Committee of ELAS, its military wing. A demonstration was organized by EAM on December 3.
The demonstration involved at least 200,000 people marching on Panepistimiou Street towards the Syntagma Square. British tanks along with police units had been scattered around the area, blocking the way of the demonstrators.
The shootings began when the marchers had arrived at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, above the Syntagma Square. They originated from the building of the General Police Headquarters, from the Parliament (Βουλή), from the Hotel Grande Bretagne (where international observers had settled), from other governmental buildings and from policemen on the street. Among many testimonies, N. Farmakis, a member of the Organization X participating in the shootings, described that he heard the head of the police Angelos Evert giving the order to open fire on the crowd. Although there are no accounts hinting that the crowd indeed possessed guns, the British commander Woodhouse insisted that it was uncertain whether the first shots were fired by the police or the demonstrators. More than 28 demonstrators were killed, and 148 were injured. This signaled the beginning of the "Dekemvrianá" (, "the December events"), a 37-day period of full-scale fighting in Athens between EAM fighters and smaller parts of ELAS, and the forces of the British army and the government.
At the beginning the government had only a few policemen and gendarmes, some militia units, the 3rd Greek Mountain Brigade—distinguished at the Gothic Line offensive in Italy, which, however, lacked heavy weapons—and the royalist group Organization X, also known as "Chítes", which was accused by EAM of collaborating with the Nazis. Consequently the British intervened in support of the government, freely using artillery and aircraft as the battle approached its last stages. On December 4 Papandreou gave his resignation to the British Commander, Gen. Scobie, who rejected it. By December 12 ΕΑΜ was in control of most of Athens and Piraeus. The British, outnumbered, flew in the 4th Indian Infantry Division from Italy as emergency reinforcements. Although the British were openly fighting against EAM in Athens, there were no such battles in the rest of Greece. In certain cases, such as Volos, some RAF units even surrendered equipment to ELAS fighters.
Conflicts continued throughout December with the forces confronting EAM slowly gaining the upper hand. ELAS forces in the rest of Greece did not attack the British. It seems that ELAS preferred to avoid an armed confrontation with the British forces initially and later tried to reduce the conflict as much as possible, although poor communication between its much independent units around the country might also have played a role. This might explain the simultaneous struggle against the British, the large-scale ELAS operations against trotskyists, anarchists and other political dissidents in Athens, and the many contradictory decisions of EAM leaders. Videlicet, KKE's leadership, was supporting a doctrine of "national unity" while eminent members, such as Stringos, Makridis and even Georgios Siantos, were creating revolutionary plans. Even more curiously, Tito was both the KKE's key sponsor and a key British ally, owing his physical and political survival in 1944 to British assistance.
This outbreak of fighting between Allied forces and an anti-German European resistance movement, while the war in Europe was still being fought, was a serious political problem for Churchill's coalition government of left and right, and caused much protest in the British press and the House of Commons. To prove his peace-making intentions to the public, Churchill went to Athens on December 25 to preside over a conference, in which Soviet representatives also participated, to bring about a settlement. It failed because the EAM/ELAS demands were considered excessive and, thus, rejected. 
Meanwhile, the Soviet Union remained passive about developments in Greece. True to their "percentages agreement" with Britain relating to Greece, the Soviet delegation in Greece did not encourage or discourage EAM's ambitions, as Greece belonged to the British sphere of influence. The delegation's chief gained the nickname "sphinx" among local Communist officers for not giving any clues about Soviet intentions. "Pravda" did not mention the clashes at all. It is speculated that Stalin did not interfere because Soviet Union would profit no matter the outcome. If EAM rose to power, he would gain a country of major strategic value. If not, he could use British actions in Greece to justify similar actions in countries in his own sphere of influence.
By early January EAM forces had lost the battle. Despite Churchill's intervention, Papandreou resigned and was replaced by Gen. Nikolaos Plastiras. On January 15, 1945, Scobie agreed to a ceasefire in exchange for ELAS' withdrawal from its positions at Patras and Thessaloniki and its demobilization in the Peloponnese. Despite this severe defeat, ELAS continued to exist and the KKE had an opportunity to reconsider its strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="18487609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487609" title="Laguna de Ayarza">
Laguna de Ayarza

Laguna de Ayarza is a crater lake in Guatemala. The lake is a caldera that was created some 20,000 years ago by a catastrophic eruption that destroyed a twinned volcano and blanketed the entire region with a layer of pumice. The lake has a surface area of 14 km² and a maximum depth of 230 m.
The lake has a surface elevation of 1409 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18487619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487619" title="Profit">
Profit

Profit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18487627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487627" title="Buckle (disambiguation)">
Buckle (disambiguation)

Buckle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18487635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487635" title="Amorphoscelis abyssinica">
Amorphoscelis abyssinica

Amorphoscelis elegans is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Somalia, and Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="18487657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487657" title="Amorphoscelis papua">
Amorphoscelis papua

Amorphoscelis papua is a species of praying mantis found in New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="18487671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487671" title="Amorphoscelis singaporana">
Amorphoscelis singaporana

Amorphoscelis singaporana is a species of praying mantis found in Singapore, India, Sumatra, and Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="18487679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487679" title="Bigger Than Ourselves">
Bigger Than Ourselves

Bigger Than Ourselves is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Wideawake, released in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18487690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487690" title="Amorphoscelis nigriventer">
Amorphoscelis nigriventer

Amorphoscelis nigriventer is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, and Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="18487693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487693" title="Guitar Gangsters &amp; Cadillac Blood">
Guitar Gangsters &amp; Cadillac Blood

Guitar Gangsters & Cadillac Blood is Danish "metal & rollers" Volbeat's third studio album.
This album is the follow-up to the highly successful Rock The Rebel / Metal The Devil, which achieved platinum status in Denmark, as well as the single 'The Garden’s Tale'. Outside their home country it was album of the month in German magazines Rock Hard, Guitar and Heavy, the Dutch Aardschok and the French edition of Rock Hard. At the beginning of 2008 Rock The Rebel/Metal The Devil was voted album of the year in Metal Hammer Germany and Italy.
Guitar Gangsters & Cadillac Blood features 14 new tracks, including a Jimmy Work cover as a bonus track on all editions (this song, Making Believe, was also recorded by Social Distortion on their Somewhere Between Heaven and Hell record but was originally written and performed by Jimmy Work. Volbeat's cover was based on the version by Social Distortion.). Seven of the songs share a common lyrical theme which will be continued on future records, the artwork is also based on this storyline. Cover and Artwork By Karsten Sand. The album was recorded in Hansen Studios of Jacob Hansen, who also produced the two previous records.
Guitar Gangsters & Cadillac Blood was fore-fronted by the single of 'Maybellene i Hofteholder' which was released for download a few weeks before the release of the album.
On 21 July 2012 "Still Counting" was the number-one song on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18487706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487706" title="Amorphoscelis javana">
Amorphoscelis javana

Amorphoscelis javana is a species of praying mantis found in Java.

</doc>
<doc id="18487709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487709" title="Russell Hinder">
Russell Hinder

Russell Hinder (born 10 July 1979) is an Australian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Townsville Crocodiles of the NBL.
Hinder attended the Australian Institute of Sport in 1997. 
He went to the University of San Francisco before transferring to Augusta State University.
He then came back to sign up with the West Sydney Razorbacks in which his last season with the club he not only lead the team to a NBL Grand Final, his season performance got him third in the Most Improved player award. He then went to play for the Hunter Pirates where he spent one year their before they left the league.
He then joined the Sydney Kings where he earned himself a spot in the Australian Boomers team where the Boomers won the Gold Medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and also a spot at the FIBA World Championships that same year. He also led the Sydney Kings to two Grand Finals but was unsuccessful losing to the Melbourne Tigers on both occasions. Just like the Pirates, the Kings had to fold at the end of the 2007/08 NBL season.
Without a club, Russell was about to retire before he signed with the Townsville Crocodiles as just days before he signed the Crocodiles lost their star centre Ben Pepper who had “family issues”. Once Hinder landed in Townsville, he announced that he wants to help the Crocs win an NBL championship as the team has not won a Championship and Hinder has been in three NBL finals but has never won a series.
Hinder won the 2008-09 Townsville Crocodiles' Players' Player Award.
Hinder was sidelined for the entire 2011/12 NBL season with a broken leg.
On 4 November 2013, Hinder announced he would be retiring following the conclusion of the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18487711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487711" title="Amorphoscelis ceylonica">
Amorphoscelis ceylonica

Amorphoscelis ceylonica is a species of praying mantis found in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="18487717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487717" title="Amorphoscelis brunneipennis">
Amorphoscelis brunneipennis

Amorphoscelis brunneipennis is a species of praying mantis found in India and Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="18487722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487722" title="Not So Far Away">
Not So Far Away

Not So Far Away is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Wideawake, released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18487726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487726" title="Amorphoscelis siebersi">
Amorphoscelis siebersi

Amorphoscelis siebersis is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="18487733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487733" title="Amorphoscelis nubeculosa">
Amorphoscelis nubeculosa

Amorphoscelis nubeculosa is a species of praying mantis found in Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="18487745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487745" title="Eonecrophorus tenuicornis">
Eonecrophorus tenuicornis

Eonecrophorus tenuicornis is a species of carrion beetle found in eastern Nepal. First described scientifically by Yoshihiko Kurosawa in 1985, "E. tenuicornis" is the only species in the genus "Eonecrophorus".

</doc>
<doc id="18487747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487747" title="Amorphoscelis chopardi">
Amorphoscelis chopardi

Amorphoscelis chopardi is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="18487754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487754" title="Hôtel Le Bristol Paris">
Hôtel Le Bristol Paris

Hôtel Le Bristol Paris
Hôtel Le Bristol, is a five star hotel located in Paris, France at 112 rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré. The hotel is located in the heart of the fashion design, and art district. Hôtel Le Bristol opened in 1925 and is famous for its historic architecture and luxurious interior.
The hotel is part of the Oetker Collection, Masterpiece Hotels which is owned by one of Europe's richest families, the Oetkers founded by Rudolf August Oetker.
History.
Rue du Faubourg St.Honoré`s history begins in 1715 when the French monarchy begins to reestablish itself in Paris. Following the death of King Louis XIV, and during the 18th and 19th Rue du Faubourg St. Honoré saw mansions of the French Elite being built on what was once a marshland. The street originally served as a path leading from the gates of St. Honoré to a small village called Roule, so named for the church of St.Phillippe de Roule found there. The word Faubourg means that this area of Paris was once a suburb, and was reintegrated into the city in 1860. The street is also known for its association with the elite of Parisian design. Starting in the 1880s, Thierry Hermès, founder of the luxury brand Hermès, moved his saddler shop to the Faubourg. In the 1920s, Jeannine Lanvin, founder of the famous Lanvin brand and French luggage maker Lancel and other luxury brands would move to the Faubourg St.Honoré, which has now become known as a mecca for luxury goods. 
In 1923, Hippolyte Jammet would purchase the property of Julles De Castellane on the Faubourg. Jammet’s mission was to transform this mansion into one of the most luxurious hotels. Naming the Hotel Le Bristol, after the 4th earl of Bristol Bishop Fredrick Harvey, famous for his high demand for luxury when he travelled during the 18th century. Hotel le Bristol would open in 1925.
During the Second World War, beginning in June 1940, Hotel Le Bristol would become the home of the American Embassy and American nationals living in Paris during the War. Hippolyte Jammet succeeded in keeping his hotel and during the war worked to maintain its prestige, carrying out renovation projects as well as maintenance. 
Following the opening of Pierre Cardin’s boutique at 118 Rue du Faubourg St.Honoré in 1954, many other luxury brands began to open boutiques. With the opening of boutiques such as Lanvin and Christian Lacroix, the stars and members of the elite began to flock to Rue du Faubourg St.Honoré and the Hotel welcomed clients such as Charlie Chaplin, Rita Hayworth and other elites and celebrities. Starting in the 1960s and onwards from there, Hotel Le Bristol became a mecca for fashion photographers. In 1962, the hotel was ranked number one by the American travel guide Fielding’s, thus cementing its reputation in America as one of the top hotels. In 1968 the hotel was taken over by Hippolyte’s son Pierre, who postponed some restoration work due to riots in May 1968.
During the 1970s, Hotel Le Bristol underwent major expansions and renovations. From 1974 to the present day, Hotel Le Bristol’s restaurant began its Wednesday’s at Le Bristol. On April 4, 1975, Josephine Baker celebrated 50 years in show business with a lavish party thrown at Le Bristol; guests included Sophia Loren, Mick Jagger and Princess Grace of Monaco. In 1978, the hotel was acquired by Rudolf Oetker, founder of the German industrial group Oetker, and an owner of other hotels on the French Rivera. Oetker began extension work in the 1980s, which included expansion of the hotel’s rooms, restoration of the garden (Hotel Le Bristol’s crown jewel) and a 6th floor swimming pool with views of the Parisian skyline. 
In 1994, Pierre Ferchaud was appointed the manager of the Hotel. He would later become the managing director. During his time managing the hotel, Ferchaud converted some of the guestrooms into luxury suites. 
In 2004, the hotel underwent a huge restoration and renovation. 2004 also saw the creation of Hotel Le Bristol’s “fashion high teas”. 
In 2005 the Bar of Le Bristol was refurbished. The Hotel also launched a campaign to encourage families to stay at the Hotel. 
In 2007 Le Bristol acquired the building next door; this purchase allowed the hotel to become more prominent on the corner of avenue Matignon and rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré. This also allowed for the hotel to become involved in the art world, with sculptural exhibits shown at the Hotel. 
2009: The Matignon Residence, Hotel le Bristol’s Renovation of the next door building – was unveiled with an additional twenty-one rooms and five suites, as well as a new restaurant - 114 Faubourg.
Recently Hotel Le Bristol recruited a new manager, Didier Le Calvez and was fitted with two new honeymoon suites, offering views of Paris. The Restaurant was renovated in a French style, while still serving up the same food. A children’s play area and hair salon have also been added. 
Oetker Collection.
Hôtel Le Bristol Paris is part of the Oetker Collection, which is owned by German industrialist Rudolf August Oetker. Oetkers fortune is made up of several businesses other than the hotel collection including a grocery chain, a publishing company, insurance groups, and a maritime freight business. 
The Oetker Collection a selection of luxury hotels includes six different five-star hotels in different locations: 
Characteristics.
Hôtel le Bristol is recognized for its luxurious amenities, service and location. For several years the superior standing of the hotel has attracted famous travellers from around the world, diplomats and celebrities from Charlie Chaplin to George Clooney.
The five-star hotel holds 188 entirely renovated rooms. The luxurious amenities include a La Prairie Spa, a pool viewing the Sacré-Cœur, Paris and a fitness centre. Le Bristol is also recognized for its exquisite dining and offers a variety of dining experiences.
Architecture.
The building has a large limestone facade and a glass and wrought-iron elevator designed by a famous Jewish architect The swimming pool resembles the front of a large sailboat, it is notable for being designed by architect Professor Pinnau who is renowned for designing the yachts of the Onassis and Niarchos family. 
The architecture and decor reflects 18th century history of when the hotel was originally built. Hôtel Le Bristol has recently invested over $30 million in renovations refurbishing amenities and rooms. The signature decor is the toile de Jouy which includes classic patterned furnishings and floral motifs.
Restaurants.
The hotel manages four restaurants. 
Awards.
Hôtel Le Bristol Paris has received the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="18487756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487756" title="Amorphoscelis chinensis">
Amorphoscelis chinensis

Amorphoscelis chinensis is a species of praying mantis found in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18487761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487761" title="Amorphoscelis griffini">
Amorphoscelis griffini

Amorphoscelis griffini is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire and Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="18487766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487766" title="Ambite">
Ambite

Ambite () is a municipality in the province of Madrid in central Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Alcalá. It has 382 inhabitants (INE 2005) in an area of , with a population density of 14.69 hab/km². It lies above sea level.
Ambite is home to the Palacio del Marqués de Legarda, which dates to the 17th century. It was built by Alonso de Terante y Cárdenas, the Spanish ambassador in Naples during the reign of King Felipe III.
Transport.
The town of Ambite is serviced by three major bus lines 

</doc>
<doc id="18487771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487771" title="Amorphoscelis grisea">
Amorphoscelis grisea

Amorphoscelis grisea is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire and Cameroon, Guinea and in the Congo River region. 

</doc>
<doc id="18487778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487778" title="Amorphoscelis pantherina">
Amorphoscelis pantherina

Amorphoscelis pantherina is a species of praying mantis native to Iraq. 

</doc>
<doc id="18487790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487790" title="Amorphoscelis subnigra">
Amorphoscelis subnigra

Amorphoscelis subnigraa is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="18487793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487793" title="List of Carlton Football Club coaches">
List of Carlton Football Club coaches

The following is a list of coaches who have coached the Carlton Football Club at a game of Australian rules football in the Australian Football League (AFL), formally the VFL.
Key: 

</doc>
<doc id="18487822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487822" title="Redruth Grammar School">
Redruth Grammar School

Redruth Grammar School in Redruth, Cornwall, was a boys school between 1907 and 1976.
History.
The school was opened on 5 October 1907 by General Sir Redvers Buller. It was originally built to accommodate 150 pupils and to serve the Camborne-Redruth area, extending from Gwithian in the west to St. Agnes in the east and south to villages such as St Day and Troon. (Girls from this same area attended Camborne Grammar School). 
On 23 May 1921, H.R.H. the Prince of Wales visited the school, and was presented to all the children and ex-servicemen of the neighbourhood. The school had a tuck shop run by "old Buck". In 1973 the new art block was opened by the Secretary of State for Education and Science, Margaret Thatcher.
Merger.
In 1976, the school merged with the nearby Tolgus Secondary School to create Redruth School, and served as the "West Park" section of the school until 2002, when a new building was constructed nearer the Tolgus site.
Subsequent use of site.
The buildings remained disused until 2006 when the site of the old Redruth Grammar School was handed over to the Cornwall Arts Centre Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="18487870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487870" title="Three Mills Wall River Weir">
Three Mills Wall River Weir

Three Mills Wall River Weir is a weir on the Bow Back Rivers, in the London Borough of Newham, England, near to Three Mills. It was built in 2009, when the Bow Back Rivers were refurbished to make them a key feature of the Olympic Park, London, and maintains water levels through much of the park in conjunction with the Three Mills Lock and sluice on the Prescott Channel.
History.
There have been tide mills at Three Mills since at least the time of the Domesday Book. They were fed by the waters of the River Lea, supplemented by tidal water which flowed up the Bow Back Rivers from the River Thames, and powered the mills as the tide fell. The mills were supplied by the Three Mills Wall River, and prior to the reconstruction of the rivers as part of a flood defence project in the 1930s, by Three Mills Back River. There was also a weir from Bow River, the section of the Lee Navigation between Bow Locks and Old Ford Lock. As part of the 1930s scheme, Three Mills Back River was filled in, and a flood relief channel called Prescott Channel was built which enabled flood flows to bypass the mills when required. The new channel incorporated a sluice, which maintained the water levels normally, so that the mills could still operate.
By the 1930s, there were only two mills left at Three Mills. They were used for milling corn, much of which was subsequently used to distill gin, but House Mill ceased operation in 1941, and Clock Mill followed in 1952. The sluice on the Prescott Channel seized up in the 1960s but with the mills no longer operating, it was effectively redundant and was subsequently removed.
The Bow Back Rivers were difficult to navigate, since at low tide there was insufficient water, and at high tide, there was inadequate headroom, particularly where the channels were crossed by the Northern Outfall Sewer. As part of the regeneration of the area connected with the 2012 London Olympics, plans were developed for the refurbishment of the rivers, to maintain them at an intermediate level. It was hoped that they could be used to deliver significant volumes of building materials for the construction of the stadium. In order to achieve this, a new lock and sluice structure was built on the Prescott Channel, but in order to maintain water at the desired levels, a sluice to prevent water bypassing the new structure was necessary on the Three Mills Wall River, and so Three Mills Wall River Weir was built a short distance above Three Mills. 
The weir has been constructed across the Three Mills Wall River (also known as Shortwall) by British Waterways. In conjunction with Three Mills Lock and sluice, the two structures stabilise levels at above ordnance datum (AOD) around the Olympic Park, London, whereas they used to rise to AOD previously. The structures came into operation in 2009.
The mill pound above House Mill and Clock Mill used to extend northwards to the Lea Bridge Sluices at Lea Bridge Road, but is now very small. House Mill was acquired by the River Lea Tidal Mill Trust in 1985, and has since been refurbished and opened to the public. The mill wheels are not yet operational, and will not now be tidal, but flow through the new weir could enable them to operate again, and there are hopes that they could be used to generate hydroelectricity.

</doc>
<doc id="18487897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487897" title="Logona Esau">
Logona Esau

Logona Esau (born 2 March 1987) is a Tuvaluan weightlifter.
Biography.
He was the first athlete from Tuvalu to win a medal at an international competition, when he took bronze at the Pacific Mini Games in Koror in 2005. As of 2006, he was ranked 132nd in the world by the International Weightlifting Federation.
In 2007, he won silver in the men's 69 kg at the Pacific Games in Apia, lifting 141 kg. In August 2008, he will take part in the World Weightlifting Championships.
Esau represented Tuvalu at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne and also represented Tuvalu at the 2008 Summer Olympics. The 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was the first Olympic Games, in which Tuvalu participated. Esau finished 23rd in his event. Esau was Tuvalu's flagbearer during the Games' opening ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="18487903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487903" title="Aeq">
Aeq


</doc>
<doc id="18487911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487911" title="Kidderminster &amp; District Football League">
Kidderminster &amp; District Football League

The Kidderminster & District League is an English association football league for teams based near Kidderminster, which therefore draws teams from Worcestershire and South Staffordshire. It has one division, the Premier Division, and also operates a Sunday league and a women's division. Successful teams from this league may apply for promotion to the West Midlands (Regional) League, which would place this league's top division at the thirteenth level of the English football league system. Teams to have progressed to the higher level include Ludlow Town (1979), Bandon (1995), Bewdley Town (1999), Brintons Athletic (2000), Ounsdale (2000), and Tenbury United (2003).
Champions.
The champions of the league's various divisions have been as follows:
Member clubs 2013-14.
The member clubs in the 2013-14 season are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18487918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487918" title="Tin Pan Alley (film)">
Tin Pan Alley (film)

Tin Pan Alley is a 1940 musical film starring Alice Faye and Betty Grable as vaudeville singers/sisters and John Payne and Jack Oakie as songwriters in the years before World War I.
Alfred Newman received the 1940 Academy Award for his work on the film. This was his first of nine Oscars.
Trivia.
Before filming began, there was said to be a feud between Faye and Grable, although the two actresses had never met. On the first day of production, the actresses got along quickly and became lifelong friends. A similar incident was reported to have happened with Grable and Marilyn Monroe while filming "How to Marry a Millionaire". Like the earlier incident, the two actresses got along and became friends.
Tyrone Power and Don Ameche were considered to play the leading roles in the film. Scheduling conflicts took them out of the running and the roles went to Payne and Oakie.
This film was featured in the M*A*S*H* TV episode "Alcoholics Unanimous".

</doc>
<doc id="18487921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487921" title="Martin Vosseler">
Martin Vosseler

Martin Vosseler is a co-founder of the organisation Physicians for Social Responsibility, who has been a renewable energy advocate since 1981. After giving up his medical practice in 1995, he began working full time to raise awareness of the benefits of renewable energy use, by travelling around the world. From 16 October 2006 to 8 May 2007 Dr Vosseler and his crew made history by completing the first trans-atlantic crossing in a motorized boat, using solar power only. Dr Vosseler has received a special prize from Eurosolar.
Website of Dr. Martin Vosseler

</doc>
<doc id="18487937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487937" title="Aequalis">
Aequalis


</doc>
<doc id="18487938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487938" title="Amorphoscelis spinosa">
Amorphoscelis spinosa

Amorphoscelis spinosa is a species of praying mantis found in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="18487940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487940" title="Homecoming (1948 film)">
Homecoming (1948 film)

Homecoming is a 1948 romantic drama starring Clark Gable and Lana Turner. It was the third of their four films together, and like two of the others, was about a couple caught up in World War II.
Plot.
Ulysses Johnson (Clark Gable) is an American surgeon coming back from World War II. As he is sitting on the transport boat taking him back to America, he is asked by a reporter about his experiences during the war. Johnson begins to tell his story, beginning in 1941. Johnson is the chief surgeon at a hospital, a man free of emotional attachment to his patients. He joins the Army and has a cocktail party with his wife, Penny (Anne Baxter). During the party, a colleague of his, Dr. Robert Sunday (John Hodiak), accuses Johnson of being unsentimental, a hypocrite, and joining the Army out of purely selfish motives. Penny breaks up the fray and she and Johnson spend their last night together sipping cocktails. 
Johnson then boards a transport ship, where he meets Lt. Jane "Snapshot" McCall (Lana Turner). Although they initially do not get along, they eventually find they have a lot in common and become fast friends. Their friendship is at numerous moments tested as they begin to fall in love with one another. After taking a trip to bathe, Johnson and Snapshot come back to the base to find that a friend of Johnson's, Sergeant Monkevickz (Cameron Mitchell), is dying from a malaria-ruptured spleen. Johnson remembers that during his argument with Dr. Sunday, Sunday mentioned that people in Chester Village, where Monkevickz was from, were dying from malaria and being neglected by physicians. Johnson tells Snapshot that he treated Monkevicks without enough care as to treat him like a human being. To atone, Johnson asks Penny to visit Monkevickz's father. When Penny arrives at the house, she finds Doctor Sunday there and confesses that she is jealous of Snapshot, whom Johnson has mentioned in letters, and believes that Johnson and Snapshot are having an affair. 
Meanwhile, Johnson and Snapshot have grown closer and when she is reassigned to a different outfit, she and Johnson kiss. They depart, but again encounter one another in Paris. They fall back in love, but leave to rescue the 299th division, which has fallen victim to enemy fire in the Battle of the Bulge. The story turns back to Johnson returning to his home following the war as a far more world-weary man. He returns to Penny, a ghost of his former self. He apologizes to Dr. Sunday for not heeding his warnings about the malaria in Chester Village and confesses to Penny his love for Snapshot, but tells Penny that Snapshot died of a shell fragment wound. The film ends leaving the viewer to assume that Johnson and Penny patch up their differences and live happier lives.
Background.
"Homecoming" was devised by writer Sidney Kingsley as a story in 1944 called "The Homecoming of Ulysses." It was the third film MGM assigned to Gable following his return from the service himself. His performance is unusually poignant, far different than his assignments from MGM in the thirties. Meanwhile, Lana Turner was assigned the particularly unglamorous role of Jane "Snapshot" McCall, and while the glamor girl was underrated, she gave a surprisingly earthy performance, coming across as warm and genuine, far different from other roles she had played earlier in the forties. This film also provided the third Gable/Turner pairing, which had proved remarkably successful in their first film together, "Honky Tonk". The other movie in which they had starred together was 1942's "Somewhere I'll Find You". They would follow "Homecoming" with 1954's "Betrayed", which resulted in Gable and Turner's last pairing together, and Gable's last performance at MGM. Also, in "Homecoming", Anne Baxter starred alongside husband John Hodiak, as he played the man who offered her character a shoulder to cry on.
Reception.
The film was one of MGM's biggest hits of the year, earning $3,699,000 in the US and Canada and $1,895,000 elsewhere resulting in a profit of $1,047,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18487942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487942" title="Tony Conigliaro (mixologist)">
Tony Conigliaro (mixologist)

Tony Conigliaro is a bartender and mixologist who uses molecular mixology in cocktails.
He has worked at Isola, and The Lonsdale in London, the award-winning Roka restaurant in London, and has now opened his own venue "The bar with no name", 69 Colebrooke Row in Islington, where he has a lab upstairs and the bar downstairs.
He also regularly holds master classes showcasing the latest and most progressive techniques in the bar industry.
His cocktail creations include a re-invention of the Prairie Oyster, the Apple White Lady, Rhubarb Clover Club, the Twinkle, and the Smoked Old Fashioned.
Conigliaro has written for industry magazines "Theme" and "Class", and has been featured in articles in the mainstream UK media, in the likes of "The Guardian" and "The Daily Telegraph". The "New York Times" has acclaimed him as the "No.1 Bradsell protégé", comparing him to renowned bartender Dick Bradsell, and he has also been called "one of mixology's global poster boys".
TV appearances.
"Gourmet Diary of a Foodie", Discovery Channel. "Market Kitchen", UKTV Food.

</doc>
<doc id="18487945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487945" title="Amorphoscelis philippina">
Amorphoscelis philippina

Amorphoscelisphilippina is a species of praying mantis found in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="18487950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487950" title="Amorphoscelis pellucida">
Amorphoscelis pellucida

Amorphoscelis pellucida is a species of praying mantis native to Australia, Java, and Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="18487959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487959" title="Amorphoscelis parva">
Amorphoscelis parva

Amorphoscelis parva is a species of praying mantis native to Sumba.

</doc>
<doc id="18487970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487970" title="Amorphoscelis tuberculata">
Amorphoscelis tuberculata

Amorphoscelis tuberculata is a species of praying mantis native to Namibia, Mozambique, Transvaal, Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="18487973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487973" title="Amorphoscelis villiersi">
Amorphoscelis villiersi

Amorphoscelis villiersi is a species of praying mantis native to the Congo River area.

</doc>
<doc id="18487984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487984" title="Amorphoscelis orientalis">
Amorphoscelis orientalis

Amorphoscelis orientalis is a species of praying mantis native to Kenya, Somalia, and Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="18487992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487992" title="Amorphoscelis pallida">
Amorphoscelis pallida

Amorphoscelis pallida is a species of praying mantis found in Cameroon and Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="18487997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487997" title="Heineken Hungária">
Heineken Hungária

The Heineken Hungaria Breweries Plc., as a Hungarian subsidiary of the international Heineken Group, is a key player of the Hungarian market with its internationally recognised brands, relying on 113 years of experience in brewing. It has two sites in Hungary in Sopron and Martfű, based on the former Sopron Brewery (Soproni Sörgyár) and Martfű Brewery (Martfűi Sörgyár).
History.
The Sopron brewery was founded in 1895 by the merchants of the town and the owners of the brewery in Brno, relying on the Czech brewing tradition. In 1949 it was nationalized and from 1971 it was a part of the Magyar Országos Söripari Tröszt (Hungarian National Brewery Trust). It became independent again in 1982 and from 1988 it purchased some licenses of Austrian brands (e.g. Steffl, Kaiser).
The Martfű brewing plant of Heineken Hungária is a young brewery as it was founded in 1981 to respond to the regional scarcity of beer in the market at that time. The brewery finally went into production in 1985 near the city of Szolnok.
As a result of privatisation, the Martfű and the Sopron breweries were controlled by the Austrian Bräu-Union AG, who merged them under the name of Soproni Sörgyár Rt. (Sopron Brewery). At the end of 2003, Heineken N.V. purchased the Austrian parent, the Brau Union Group, and the Hungarian operation thus became a member of one of the world’s leading conglomerates.
The company has been continuing business as Heineken Hungária from June 2007, expressing more strongly its international nature, its skills and quality with reference to the Heineken brand.
Beer brands.
Heineken Hungaria’s best known brands are:

</doc>
<doc id="18487999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18487999" title="Amorphoscelis opaca">
Amorphoscelis opaca

Amorphoscelis opaca is a species of praying mantis found in Cameroon. 

</doc>
<doc id="18488004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488004" title="Manshiya Zabda">
Manshiya Zabda

Manshiya Zabda (; ), also known as Manshiyet Zabda is an Arab village in northern Israel. Located to the north of Ramat Yishai, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 979.
The village was established in 1945 by sons of families from Ilut. Over time the founders were joined by Bedouin and Muslims from the Galilee. The village was recognised by the authorities in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18488007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488007" title="The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia">
The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia

"The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia" is a reference work on wine written by Tom Stevenson and published since 1988 by Dorling Kindersley, selling over 600,000 copies in 14 languages.
"The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia" has a stated aim to map and describe "every appellation, official and unofficial", of which there were more than 4,000 in total by 1997, making it an industry standard wine reference and required reading for the Master of Wine, Master Sommelier and Cape Wine Master examinations. The contents include hard data, technical information, tables and ancillary explanations are compartmentalized from the flow of mainstream text, with profiles of nearly 2,000 wineries, and recommendation of more than 6,000 producers.
Frequently compared to "The Oxford Companion to Wine", "The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia" along with "The World Atlas of Wine", is often cited to be among the most notable books on wine today. Tim Atkin MW, wine correspondent for "The Observer" considers it to be one of the two most essential wine reference books in English. Weighed in by "San Francisco Chronicle" at 5 pounds, 11 ounces, its review states, "What makes it enjoyable to browse is Stevenson's openness as well as the almost hidden inclusion of short, provocative essays".
Editions.
First published in 1988 as "Sotheby's World Wine Encyclopedia", there have been alterations with the succeeding editions. The largest revision took place in 1997 when the book increased in size from 480 to 600 pages. In 1995 the title was altered to "The New Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia", while the current title has been in use since the 2005 revision, which also contained a vast number of upgradings to winery ratings, and for the first time incorporated symbols to identify wineries that are organic or biodynamic.
Criticism.
While it is the opinion of some that "The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia" is "as academically comprehensive as ever", South African wine writer Neil Pendock of "The Times" expressed criticism over the omissions, inaccuracies and outdated material concerning wine from the region of South Africa in the 2007 edition. Among the statements in contention is Stevenson's quote, "The development of [Pinotage] was supposed to provide Burgundy-like elegance in the baking vineyards of North Africa". In his 2008 book "Sour Grapes", Pendock described "The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia" as "spectacularly error-prone".

</doc>
<doc id="18488015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488015" title="Art and Revolution">
Art and Revolution

"Art and Revolution" (original German title "Die Kunst und die Revolution") is a long essay by the composer Richard Wagner, originally published in 1849. It sets out some of his basic ideas about the role of art in society and the nature of opera.
Background.
Wagner had been an enthusiast for the 1848 revolutions and had been an active participant in the Dresden Revolution of 1849, as a consequence of which he was forced to live for many years in exile from Germany. "Art and Revolution" was one of a group of polemical articles he published in his exile (another was the notorious "Jewishness in Music" of 1850). His enthusiasm for such writing at this stage of his career is in part explained by his inability, in exile, to have his operas produced. But it was also an opportunity for him to express and justify his deep-seated concerns about the true nature of opera as music drama at a time when he was beginning to write his libretti for his Ring cycle, and turning his thoughts to the type of music it would require. This was quite different from the music of popular grand operas of the period, which Wagner believed were a sell-out to commercialism in the arts. "Art and Revolution" therefore explained his ideals in the context of the failure of the 1848 revolutions to bring about a society like that which Wagner conceived to have existed in Ancient Greece—truly dedicated to, and which could be morally sustained by, the arts—which for Wagner meant, supremely, his conception of drama.
Wagner wrote the essay over two weeks in Paris and sent it to a French political journal, the "National"; they refused it, but it was published in Leipzig and ran to a second edition.
Summary.
The following summary is based on the standard translation of Wagner's prose works by William Ashton Ellis, first published in 1895. Quotations are taken from this translation.
Wagner notes that artists complain that economic uncertainty following the 1848 revolutions has damaged their prospects. But such materialistic complaints are selfish and unjustified. Those who practised art for art's sake 'suffered also in the former times when others were rejoicing'. He therefore undertakes an examination of the role of art in society, commencing with a historical review starting in Ancient Greece.
He extols the Apollonian spirit, embodied in the tragedies of Aeschylus, as 'the highest conceivable form of Art - the DRAMA'. But the fall of the Athenian state meant that philosophy, rather than art, dominated European society. Wagner portrays the Romans as brutal and sensuous, and the Church as having hypocritically betrayed Jesus's gospel of Universal Love. 'The Greek [...] could procreate Art for the very joy of manhood; the Christian, who impartially cast aside both Nature and himself; could only sacrifice to his God on the altar of renunciation; he durst not bring his actions or his work as offering, but believed that he must seek His favour by abstinence from all self-prompted venture.' The worldly power of Christendom indeed 'had its share in the revival of art' by patronage of artists celebrating its own supremacy. Moreover, 'the security of riches awoke in the ruling classes the desire for more refined enjoyment of their wealth'. Modern changes in society have resulted in the catastrophe that art has sold 'her soul and body to a far worse mistress - "Commerce".' 
The modern stage offers two irreconcilable genres, split from Wagner's Greek ideal - the play, which lacks 'the idealising influence of music', and opera which is 'forestalled of the living heart and lofty purpose of actual drama'. Moreover, opera is enjoyed specifically because of its superficial sensationalism. In a critique which lies at the heart of much of his writings at this period and thereafter, (and which is a clear dig at composers such as Giacomo Meyerbeer), Wagner complains:
There are even many of our most popular artists who do not in the least conceal the fact, that they have no other ambition than to satisfy this shallow audience. They are wise in their generation; for when the prince leaves a heavy dinner, the banker a fatiguing financial operation, the working man a weary day of toil, and go to the theatre: they ask for rest, distraction, and amusement, and are in no mood for renewed effort and fresh expenditure of force. This argument is so convincing, that we can only reply by saying: it would be more decorous to employ for this purpose any other thing in the wide world, but not the body and soul of Art. We shall then be told, however, that if we do not employ Art in this manner, it must perish from out our public life: i.e.,—that the artist will lose the means of living. 
Wagner continues by comparing many features of contemporary art and art practice to those of Ancient Greece, alway of course to the detriment of the former; some of this decay was due to the introduction in the ancient world of slave-labour, to which Wagner links contemporary wage labour; concluding this section by asserting that the Greeks had formed the perfect Art-work (i.e. Wagner's own conception of Greek drama), whose nature we have lost.
Only the great Revolution of Mankind, whose beginnings erstwhile shattered Grecian Tragedy, can win for us this Art-work. For only this Revolution can bring forth from its hidden depths, in the new beauty of a nobler Universalism, that which it once tore from the conservative spirit of a time of beautiful but narrow-meted culture—and tearing it, engulphed. 
This revolution consists for Wagner of a not very clearly defined return to Nature. Elements of this are a condemnation of the rich and 'the mechanic's pride in the moral consciousness of his labour', not however to be confused with 'the windy theories of our socialistic doctrinaires' who believe that society might be reconstructed without overthrow. Wagner's goal (to which some of the aesthetic ideals of much later Soviet communism and of Fascism show some uncanny parallels) is 'the strong fair Man, to whom Revolution shall give his Strength, and Art his Beauty!' 
Wagner then berates those who simply dismiss these ideas as utopian. Reconciling his two main inspirations, Wagner concludes 'Let us therefore erect the altar of the future, in Life as in the living Art, to the two sublimest teachers of mankind:—Jesus, who suffered for all men; and Apollo, who raised them to their joyous dignity!'
Reception and Influence.
Wagner's idealism of ancient Greece was common among his romantic intellectual circle (for example, his Dresden friend the architect Gottfried Semper wrote to demonstrate the ideal qualities of classical Greek architecture). Although Wagner at the time imagined his intended operas to constitute the 'perfect Art-works' mentioned in this essay and described further in "The Artwork of the Future" and "Opera and Drama", with the aim of redeeming society through art, in the event practicality superseded the naive ideas (and shallow historical interpretation) expressed in these essays. However, the concept of music drama as Wagner eventually forged it is undoubtedly rooted in the ideas he expressed at this time. Indeed the essay is notable among other things for Wagner's first use of the term "Gesamtkunstwerk" (total art work)—in this case referring to his view of Greek drama as combining music, dance and poetry, rather than his later application of the term to his own works.
Curt von Westernhagen also detects in the essay the influence of Proudhon's "What is Property?" which Wagner read in June 1849.
In his 1872 introduction to his collected writings, (by which time he was no longer an outcast, but had established himself as a leading artist) Wagner wrote of this essay: 'I believed in the Revolution, and in its unrestrainable necessity [...] only, I also felt that I was called to point out to it the way of rescue.[...] It is needless to recall the scorn which my presumption brought upon me [...]' The essay, the first of a series of polemical blasts from Wagner in the years 1849 to 1852, which included "The Artwork of the Future" and "Jewishness in Music", indeed provided fuel to those who wished to characterize Wagner as an impractical and/or eccentric radical idealist.
Wagner had however been writing in part to deliberately provoke, on the basis that any notoriety was better than no notoriety. In a letter of June 1849 to Franz Liszt, one of his few influential allies at the time, he wrote "I must make people afraid of me. Well, I have no money, but what I do have is an enormous desire to commit acts of artistic terrorism"; without denying the sincerity of Wagner's views at the time of writing, this article can be seen perhaps as one of those acts.
During and immediately after the Russian Revolution of 1917, the ideas of Wagner's "Art and Revolution" were influential in the proletarian art movement and on the ideas of those such as Platon Kerzhentsev, the theorist of Proletcult Theatre.
Texts.
Ellis's English translation online

</doc>
<doc id="18488020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488020" title="John Hagerman">
John Hagerman

John Percival "Percy" Hagerman (October 25, 1881 – January 21, 1960) was a Canadian track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
In 1904 he finished sixth in the long jump event as well as sixth in the triple jump competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18488043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488043" title="Amorphoscelis angolica">
Amorphoscelis angolica

Amorphoscelis angolica is a species of praying mantis found in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="18488048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488048" title="Amorphoscelis annulicornis">
Amorphoscelis annulicornis

Amorphoscelis annulicornis is a species of praying mantis found in Sri Lanka, India, Nepal, and Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="18488049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488049" title="Baseball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Team squads">
Baseball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Team squads

The following contains the team squads for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, China.
Canada.
Manager: 21 - Terry Puhl, 10 - Greg Hamilton.
Coaches: 36 - Denis Boucher (Pitching coach), 2 - Rob Ducey.
Pete Orr was originally named to the team, but pulled out when he was called up to the major league roster of the Washington Nationals. He was replaced by 22-year-old Emmanuel Garcia. Scott Richmond was also removed from the team when he was called up by the Toronto Blue Jays. Pitcher James Avery was named as a replacement.
China.
Manager: Jim Lefebvre.
Coaches: Steven Ontiveros (Pitching coach).
Chinese Taipei.
Manager: 2 - Hung I-Chung (洪一中 La New Bears).
Coaches: 83 - Hsieh Chang-Heng (謝長亨 Chinatrust Whales), 97 - Lu Ming-Tsu (呂明賜 La New Bears), 32 - Kung Jung-Tang (龔榮堂 National Training Team).
Cuba.
Manager: 6 - Antonio Pacheco.
Yunieski Maya and Yulieski González were originally named, but were replaced with Miguel Lahera and Elier Sánchez.
Japan.
Manager: Senichi Hoshino.
Coaches: Kōichi Tabuchi, Koji Yamamoto, Yutaka Oono.
South Korea.
Manager: 74 - Kim Kyung-Moon (김경문) (Doosan Bears).
Coaches: 76 - Cho Kye-Hyun (조계현) (Samsung Lions), 77 - Kim Gwang-Soo (김광수) (Doosan Bears), 88 - Kim Ki-Tae (김기태) (Yomiuri Giants).
Im Tae-Hoon had been originally named, but was replaced with Yoon Suk-Min.
Netherlands.
Manager: Robert Eenhoorn
Coaches: Brian Farley - Pitching coach, Wim Martinus - 1st base coach, Jack Hubbard - 3rd base coach, Paul van den Oever - Coach.
United States.
General Manager: Bob Watson<br>
Manager: Davey Johnson<br>
Coaches: Marcel Lachemann - Pitching Coach, Reggie Smith - Hitting Coach, Rick Eckstein - 3rd Base Coach, Dick Cooke - Auxiliary Coach, Rolando de Armas - Auxiliary Coach.

</doc>
<doc id="18488050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488050" title="The Heart of Me">
The Heart of Me

Plot.
In 1934 after the death of her father, Madeleine, a proper and repressed well-off housewife, invites her free-spirited sister, Dinah, to stay with her and her husband Rickie in her elegant London home. The couple have a young son, Anthony. Madeleine has always been secretly jealous and resentful of Dinah, a raffish bohemian painter, who is the despair of her conservative sister and their mother, Mrs. Burkett. Madeleine at last contrives to get Dinah engaged to a respectable, well-off man. Dinah announces her engagement at a family dinner, but later that night Rickie, who has long harbored an attraction for her, tells her to end the engagement.
Rickie and Dinah fall in love and, during a New Year's Day party, they become lovers. Rickie helps Dinah to settle in an apartment that becomes their love nest, but leave his marriage intact. Things get complicated when Dinah gets pregnant. She decides to leave London with her friend Bridie and await the birth and Rickie's arrival in the south of England. During a snowstorm, Dinah gives birth to a stillborn daughter and almost dies from blood loss due to complications during the birth. Rickie, on his way to reach her, suffers a car accident and arrives too late. Grief-stricken, Dinah turns Rickie away and ends their affair. Rickie becomes lost in despair, but tries to hide it (unsuccessfully) from Madeleine. Months later, Madeleine receives a letter in the mail from Bridie who writes of the affair, leading Madeleine to the realization of what had been going on for quite some time. Rickie is adamant that the affair is finished, but he is unapologetic. Eventually Rickie meets unexpectedly with Dinah. She has a nervous breakdown at a restaurant and Rickie, still in love with her, tells Madeleine that he is leaving her. 
Things, however, take a turn for the worse when Rickie collapses and is taken to the hospital, unknown to Dinah who is still home waiting for him. Dinah is prevented from seeing Rickie and is told by her mother and Madeleine that he has decided to return to his family, while they tell Rickie that she has gone back to France. Several more months pass and the lovers eventually meet again when Dinah is leaving the apartment that was being financed by Rickie, and he discovers that she had been there the entire time and not in France. Dinah, who is too hurt by things past, refuses to continue the affair and the lovers part for the last time. 
During the war (World War II), Anthony, Rickie's and Madeleine's son, dies in battle. Rickie is killed during an air raid while going to claim a bracelet for Dinah that he had ordered from a jewelry store with the engraving: "And throughout all eternity, I forgive you and you forgive me". The film ends with Madeleine and Dinah finally reconciled to the past and learning to forgive each other.
Reception.
"The Heart of Me" was filmed in the Isle of Man and premiered at Toronto Film Festival on September 6, 2002. The movie had a mixed reception. In his review Roger Ebert wrote: “Many of the complaints have to do with the fact that the characters are wealthy and upper class and speak English elegantly. The names of Merchant and Ivory are used like clubs to beat the film. This is the same kind of thinking that led Jack Warner to tell his producers, "Don't give me any more pictures where they write with feathers." The movie is about the punishment of being trapped in a system where appearances are more important than reality.”
"...Quite well done, with a fine cast finding time between tears, anger, deception and recriminations to do some surprisingly strong and affecting acting..." — Los Angeles Times.
"...The actors demonstrate such unmatchable Englishness that the movie – a kind of The End of the Affair without the religious instruction – takes on the gleam of a cultural artifact..." — Entertainment Weekly 
"...A film for the mind..." — Total Film
Awards and nominations.
Won Olivia Williams
Nominated Helena Bonham Carter
Won Helena Bonham Carter
Nominated Paul Bettany

</doc>
<doc id="18488056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488056" title="Albert Johnson (athlete)">
Albert Johnson (athlete)

Albert A. Johnson (October 16, 1878 – October 1971) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
He died in Spencer, Nebraska.
In 1904 he finished sixth in the shot put event as well as sixth in the hammer throw competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18488060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488060" title="Amorphoscelis austrogermanica">
Amorphoscelis austrogermanica

Amorphoscelis austrogermanica is a species of praying mantis found in Namibia, KwaZulu-Natal, Transvaal, and East Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18488061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488061" title="Junior Aspirin Records">
Junior Aspirin Records

Junior Aspirin Records is a not for profit, artist-run independent record label founded in 2002 and located in London, England. It has released music by a number of artists in limited editions on divergent formats. These include handmade CD-RS, 12"vinyl, 7" vinyl, handmade lathe-cut records and MP3s.
Discography.
ASP 001 Skill 7 Stamina 12 / Zebra Zebra split 7" vinyl. 500 copies.
ASP 002 Skill 7 Stamina 12 - 'Museum of Surfaces' 7" vinyl. 500 copies.
ASP 003 Skill 7 Stamina 12 - 'Robotics With Strings' CD album. 500 copies.
ASP 004 God in Hackney CD-R. 25 copies.
ASP 005 Same Things CD-R. 25 copies.
ASP 006 The Rebel - Prawns (album) vinyl LP. 500 copies.
ASP 007 Skill 7 Stamina 12 & Socrates That Practices Music - split 12" vinyl. 500 copies.
ASP 008 'Remove Celebrity Centre - A Junior Aspirin Records Compilation', CD album, 500 copies.
ASP 009 Skill 7 Stamina 12 - Skill 7 Stamina Dead' vinyl LP. Hand numbered, 250 copies. Artwork by David Noonan.
ASP 010 Mysterius Horse - CD-R. 25 copies.
ASP 011 Toilet - CD-R. 25 copies.
ASP 012 The Rebel - Mouthwatering Claustrophobic Changes (M.C.C.). Vinyl LP 500 copies.
ASP 013 Adventure (Nicholas Bullen, Mark Beasley, Steve Beasley) - CD album. 
ASP 014 Skill 7 Stamina 12, Toilet, Same Things. Split 12". 200 copies with handmade screen-print sleeves.
ASP 015 Bob Parks - The R&B Feeling. Vinyl LP 500 copies.
ASP 016 God in Hackney - untitled, triangular lathe-cut 8" record. 50 copies.
ASP 017 Dan Fox - Easy Sneezing At The Century - free download from label site.
ASP 018 Advanced Sportswear - CD album + insert in zip-lock bag. 99 Copies.
ASP 019 The Rebel - The Incredible Hulk. Vinyl LP.
ASP 020 Invisible Polytechnic perform Terry Riley's IN C. 
ASP 021 Socrates that practices music - Further conclusions against an Italian version (BAT)
ASP 023 The Rebel - The Race Against Time Hots Up.
Podcasts.
Junior Aspirin Records produces an irregular series of themed podcasts, accessible via the label's website. Themes have included: 'Exercises in Style', 'Explaining Success and Failure', 'Explaining Limbo', 'Political Incorrect Correct', the four medieval humors, 'Explaining Melodrama' and 'Explaining Capitalism (With Particular Reference to the Military Industrial Complex)'.
Committee.
Junior Aspirin Records is run by Nathaniel Mellors, Dan Fox, Andy Cooke and Ashley Marlowe.
Events.
Junior Aspirin Records has promoted events in London venues such as The Luminaire (now defunct) and St Giles in the Fields church. These have featured live performances by The Rebel, DJ Scotch Egg, Skill 7 Stamina 12, Socrates That Practiçes Music and others. Other performances include PERFORMA 11 (NYC), From the Toolbox of the Serving Library (The Banff Centre Canada and Artists Space NYC, 2011), Nought to Sixty (Institute of Contemporary Arts, London, 2007), Fun Palace (Centre Pompidou, Paris, 2010, in close consultation with the Centre Pompidou audio and video archive) and Nathaniel Mellors’s Ourhouse (ICA, London, 2011).  
Junior Aspirin Records participates in London's annual self-publishing fair Publish & Be Damned.

</doc>
<doc id="18488062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488062" title="Katsuji Matsumoto">
Katsuji Matsumoto

His illustrations were popular from the 1930s through the 1950s, and he contributed illustrations to numerous popular girls' novels by some of the period's most famous authors, including Yasunari Kawabata and Nobuko Yoshiya. He was also a prolific illustrator of children's books and created merchandise for babies, small children, and girls. The Gallery Katsuji Matsumoto in Tokyo is managed by his surviving children.
Early life and professional debut.
Matsumoto was born in Kobe, the son of Toraji () and Ishi () Matsumoto, but moved with his family to Tokyo at the age of eight. At the age of 13, he began attending what was then called Rikkyō (St. Paul's) Middle School. Through the introduction of a teacher at Rikkyō, Matsumoto began drawing illustrations for the magazine at the age of 17. Matsumoto withdrew from Rikkyō at the age of 18 and began attending the . During this time he contributed drawings to such magazines as and . It was during this period that Matsumoto was inspired by illustrator Kōji Fukiya to become an illustrator in the field of girls' media. (Matsumoto's younger sister, Ryōko (), would eventually marry Fukiya.)
Following the devastation of Tokyo, including its publishing industry, in the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake, Matsumoto decided to try his fortunes overseas, and managed to obtain free passage to Shanghai. His hope was to eventually make his way to Paris. In Shanghai, he earned money by contributing illustrations and articles to the , but when he turned twenty years of age, he was forced to return to Japan to report for the draft. He was rejected for military service because he was flat footed.
Early career and marriage.
Matsumoto's first forum for steady work was the magazine , to which he contributed from 1928 to 1938. Matsumoto first ventured into manga in "Shōjo Gahō", creating a series of illustrated narratives featuring a lively Chinese girl named Poku-chan, which was irregularly published between November 1930 and March 1934. The Poku-chan strips were drawn in a stylized, almost abstract, Art Deco manner.
Matsumoto could draw in a wide range of styles, from the realistic to the near-abstract, but all of his work was distinguished by clean, almost geometrical lines and a strictly Modern sensibility. While he illustrated numerous dramatic girls' novels, his style was better suited to sunny, playful, or humorous work. In 1935, Matsumoto began to work for the magazine that would become his primary forum, . "Shōjo no tomo", with its modern, stylish image, was the ideal magazine for Matsumoto.
In 1932, at the age of 28, Matsumoto was wed to Ayako Nimori (). They went on to have seven children (four boys, three girls) together. Because Ayako was an only child, the decision was made to have the firstborn male child legally adopted by her parents in order to carry on the Nimori name. On official records, therefore, Ki Nimori (, born 1933) is listed as the younger brother of Ayako, and therefore the brother-in-law of Matsumoto.
Major works.
"The Mysterious Clover".
In 1934, Matsumoto drew his first full-fledged manga, a 16-page story titled . Printed as an over-sized pamphlet with a sturdy cardboard cover, and included as a premium in the April issue of "Shōjo no tomo", "The Mysterious Clover" was a variation on "The Scarlet Pimpernel" and "Zorro". The protagonist of "The Mysterious Clover" is a young girl who protects the poor peasants from the cruel and greedy nobles. This work is remarkable for its use of varying angles, including bird's-eye views, and variation in the size of panels. Sakō Shishido (), influenced by American newspaper strips, had used similar techniques in his 1930 , but in a far cruder drawing style than Matsumoto's. "The Mysterious Clover" had been neglected for decades by manga scholars until it was displayed at a 2006 exhibition at the Yayoi Art Museum, where it caught the eye of Fusanosuke Natsume, who then wrote about it on his blog and in a newspaper column.
"Kurukuru Kurumi-chan".
Matsumoto's most famous work is his manga "Kurukuru Kurumi-chan" (), which was serialized in "Shōjo no tomo" from January 1938 until December 1940. Featuring the daily antics of a little girl named Kurumi (, meaning "walnut"), each episode was a self-contained story, usually running 4 pages and 22 panels. The strip rarely ventured far from everyday reality, and was characterized by a gradually building absurdity that rarely descended to simple slapstick.
In the earliest episodes, Kurumi-chan is roughly four heads tall, and would seem to be roughly nine or ten years old. Over the years, though, Kurumi's proportions changed, until by the 1950s she had become an extremely stylized character no more than two heads high, and of unknown age.
The strip was revived after the war in the magazine "Shōjo" ("Girl") under the title "Kurumi-chan" and ran from November 1949 to February 1954.
Book illustrations.
While working on "Kurukuru Kurumi-chan", Matsumoto continued to do freestanding illustrations, in both color and black and white, and also to illustrate girls' fiction and poetry. Matsumoto was one of the most popular and influential illustrators working in girls' media, and he continued to be a popular illustrator through the early 1950s. He worked with such prominent Japanese authors and poets as Nobuko Yoshiya and Yaso Saijō, and adapted many works by non-Japanese author's, including Katherine Mansfield's short story The Doll's House, to the short-lived genre of .
Although Matsumoto drew in a wide range of styles, certain features remain consistent. His characters have an air of intelligence without melancholy, and of cheerful optimism that is never saccharine. Other popular illustrators of the day were better suited to the niches in which Matsumoto was not in his element. The multi-talented and enormously popular Jun'ichi Nakahara () drew girls who were intelligent and stylish, but humor was not his forte. In the genre of sentimental melodrama, according to Akiko Horiguchi, no one was more popular than Hiroshi Katsuyama (勝山ひろし). But in an age when print media of all kinds were becoming increasingly visual, there was plenty of work to go around.
Children's books and infant merchandise.
In 1955, Matsumoto abandoned manga altogether. Although he continued to do illustration work in a variety of styles, his focus shifted to the kind of hyper-stylized, wryly adorable character epitomized by the later Kurumi-chan. His target audience accordingly shifted from preteen and low-teen girls to toddlers and young mothers. In addition to illustrating new and original children's books, Matsumoto illustrated numerous classics, including "Little Red Riding Hood" (1955), Andrew Lang's "Blue Fairy Book" (1959, translated by Yasunari Kawabata), and various other collections of classic Japanese and European fairy tales.
In 1960, Matsumoto founded Katsu Productions (), which specialized in illustrations for infants and toddlers and designing various infant merchandise. This merchandise was spectacularly popular. Amateur manga scholar and blogger "lacopen" commented that "When I was a child, baby goods were all the rage, so much so that it is no exaggeration to say they were everywhere." His designs for the infant merchandise company known originally as "Sanshin. Inc." were perhaps the mostly widely consumed and recognized, and it has been suggested that the company changed its name to Combi () in 1961, which comes from the English "combination" and is used in Japanese to mean "duo") in response to the popularity of the infant duo, "Haamu" () and "Monii" (), created by Matsumoto and featured on a wide array of the company's products.
Retirement and death.
In 1971, now in his late 60s, Matsumoto built an atelier, in Kamishiraiwa (on the Izu Peninsula, where he turned his creative talents from the modern and cosmopolitan to the traditional and provincial. Using the bamboo that was so plentiful in the area, he designed a variety of toys and objects that could easily be reproduced by the local farmers to sell as souvenirs. For this work, Matsumoto was given a commendation by the Shizuoka Prefectural government. Although these works seem strikingly at odds with Matsumoto's cosmopolitan image, he in fact had always had an eye for the traditional, and was particularly fond of collecting carefully selected Japanese and Korean pottery and furniture. Modern or traditional, Western or Eastern, the common thread that runs through Matsumoto's aesthetic sense, and his work, is an appreciation of that which is refined, simple, elegant, and unpretentious.
In 1986, Matsumoto suffered the last of a series of strokes, and was hospitalized, never to fully regain consciousness again. The stylish Matsumoto had been famously fastidious throughout his life, and his daughter, Meiko, has written that she was startled to notice that on his hospital bed, where Matsumoto lay unconscious and barely responsive, he had been using his remaining good hand to remove the pills that had formed on the old hospital blanket. Furthermore, although doctors said he had lost his sight, Matsumoto would open his eyes, and, as if looking in a mirror, would straighten the hairs of his mustache with his fingers as he had habitually done for years. Matsumoto died at the age of 81. His cremated remains are interred in the Fuji Cemetery in Gotemba, Shizuoka, at the foot of Mount Fuji.
Estate.
Matsumoto's children, in addition to Ki Nimori, are, in order of birth: Ikki Matsumoto (, born 1935, currently living in the U.S.A.); Rumi O'Brien (, born 1937, also living in the U.S.A.); Motoi Matsumoto (, born 1939); Ken Matsumoto (, born 1941, deceased); Meiko Matsumoto (, born 1943); and Michie Utsuhara (, born 1945). Two of the first successful female shōjo manga artists of the postwar period, Toshiko Ueda and Setsuko Tamura, were his apprentices. Michie, Matsumoto's youngest child, along with several of her siblings and Matsumoto's grandchildren, manages the Gallery Katsuji Matsumoto (), soon to be renamed the Katsuji Matsumoto Archives (), the official Katsuji Matsumoto website and its on-line shop, and also writes ". The gallery is located at 4-14-18 Tamagawa, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo, 158-0094.

</doc>
<doc id="18488064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488064" title="Totten (mountain)">
Totten (mountain)

Totten is a mountain located in the Hemsedal municipality in Norway. It is a part of Hemsedal Top 20. 
Some of the hike to the peak can be done by travelling with one of Hemsedal's many ski lifts.

</doc>
<doc id="18488068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488068" title="Amorphoscelis borneana">
Amorphoscelis borneana

Amorphoscelis borneana is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="18488076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488076" title="Melbourne Rugby Football Club">
Melbourne Rugby Football Club

Melbourne Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club that plays in the Midlands Division

</doc>
<doc id="18488082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488082" title="Amorphoscelis lamottei">
Amorphoscelis lamottei

Amorphoscelis lamottei is a species of praying mantis found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guinea, and in the Congo River area.

</doc>
<doc id="18488087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488087" title="Rolls-Royce Rugby Football Club">
Rolls-Royce Rugby Football Club

Rolls-Royce Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union based in Derby. The first XV currently plays in Midlands 5 East (North).

</doc>
<doc id="18488090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488090" title="Amorphoscelis laxeretis">
Amorphoscelis laxeretis

Amorphoscelis laxeretis is a species of praying mantis found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, Fernando Po, and Togo.

</doc>
<doc id="18488096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488096" title="Central chimpanzee">
Central chimpanzee

The central chimpanzee or Tschego (Pan troglodytes troglodytes) is a subspecies of the common chimpanzee (one of the closest living relatives to humans, along with the bonobo). It occurs mainly in Gabon, Cameroon, and the Republic of the Congo, but also, to a lesser extent, in other regions.
Etymology.
"Pan" is derived from the Greek god of fields, groves, and wooded glens, Pan. "Troglodytes" is Greek for 'cave-dweller', and was coined by Johann Friedrich Blumenbach in his "Handbuch der Naturgeschichte" ("Handbook of Natural History") published in 1779.
Classification.
kingdom: Animalia
phylum: Chordata 
class: Mammalia
order: Primates 
family: Hominidae 
genus: Pan 
Scientific Name: Pan troglodttes
Distribution and habitat.
The central chimpanzee occurs in Central Africa, mainly in Gabon, Cameroon, and Republic of the Congo, but also in the Central African Republic, Equatorial Guinea, the Cabinda exclave of Angola, south-east Nigeria, and (possibly) the coastal extension of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its range extends north to the Sanaga River in Cameroon, east to the Ubangi River that defines the border between the two Congos, and south to the Congo River, which defines a large part of the same border.
Chimpanzees are found predominantly in tropical moist forests and wet savanna woodlands, as well as the forest-savanna mosaics where these two biomes meet, from sea level to . They tend to have larger ranges in the forest-savanna mosaics. The average range is
, but can vary from to .
Conservation.
The 2007 International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List of Threatened Species classifies the central chimpanzee as Endangered. In 1988 they were considered "Vulnerable", but have been considered "Endangered" since at least 1996. The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) estimates there are as many as 115,000 individuals alive, but that the number is more likely between 47,000 and 78,000 The Central Chimpanzee only has large, robust populations where large amounts of forest are left undisturbed; smaller, isolated populations also remain. According to the IUCN, decline in the central chimpanzee population is expected to continue for another 30 to 40 years.
Major threats to central chimpanzee populations include Ebola hemorrhagic fever, poaching for bushmeat, and habitat destruction. The IUCN attributes this to increasing human presence (agriculture, de-forestation, development) and political instability.
Due to their close genetic relationship to humans, chimpanzees are vulnerable to viruses that afflict humans, such as Ebola, the common cold, influenza, pneumonia, whooping cough, tuberculosis, measles, yellow fever, HIV and may contract other parasitological diseases such as schistosomiasis, filariasis, giardiasis, and salmonellosis.
Link with HIV-1.
Two types of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) infect humans: HIV-1 and HIV-2. HIV-1 is the more virulent and easily transmitted, and is the source of the majority of HIV infections throughout the world; HIV-2 is largely confined to west Africa. Both types originated in west and central Africa, jumping from primates to humans. HIV-1 has evolved from a Simian Immunodeficiency Virus (SIVcpz) found in the central chimpanzee. Kinshasa, in the Democratic Republic of Congo, has the greatest genetic diversity of HIV-1 so far discovered, suggesting that the virus has been there longer than anywhere else. HIV-2 crossed species from a different strain of SIV, found in the Sooty Mangabey, monkeys in Guinea-Bissau.
References.
kingdom: Animalia
phylum: Chordata
class: Mammalia
order: Primates
family: Hominidae
genus: Pan
Scientific Name:
Pan troglodttes

</doc>
<doc id="18488099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488099" title="Amorphoscelis machadoi">
Amorphoscelis machadoi

Amorphoscelis machadoi is a species of praying mantis found in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="18488104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488104" title="George Varnell">
George Varnell

George Marshall Varnell (August 10, 1882 – February 4, 1967) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Chicago and died in Seattle, Washington.
In 1904 he finished fourth in the 200 metre hurdles event as well as fourth in the 400 metre hurdles competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18488119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488119" title="Angel Sarrapio">
Angel Sarrapio

José-Angel Sarrapio Borboja (Arenas de Cabrales, Asturias, Spain), (born 21 February 1959) was a Spanish professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18488125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488125" title="Essington Rugby Union Football Club">
Essington Rugby Union Football Club

English rugby union club that plays in the Midlands Division in the Midlands 6 West (North) League.
2007 - 2008 Season.
The 2007-2008 season saw Essington reach their first ever cup final.
Staffordshire Cup

</doc>
<doc id="18488133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488133" title="Amorphoscelis naumanni">
Amorphoscelis naumanni

Amorphoscelis naumanni is a species of praying mantis native to Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18488142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488142" title="Mandela House">
Mandela House

The Nelson Mandela National Museum, commonly referred to as Mandela House, is the house on Vilakazi Street, Orlando West, Soweto, South Africa, where Nelson Mandela lived from 1946 to 1962. It is located at number 8115, at the corner of Vilakazi and Ngakane streets, a short distance up the road from Tutu House, the home of Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu.
Mandela donated the house to the Soweto Heritage Trust (of which he was the founder) on 1 September 1997, to be run as a museum.
It was declared a National Heritage Site in 1999.
Features.
The house is a single-story red-brick matchbox built in 1945. It has bullet holes in the walls and the facade has scorch marks from attacks with Molotov cocktails. The inside hosts some original furnishings and memorabilia including photographs, citations given to Nelson Mandela, and the world championship belt given to Mandela by Sugar Ray Leonard.
As of 2009, the property includes a visitors' centre and a small museum.
Popularity.
In 1999, Soweto was the 16th most popular place for tourists to South Africa to visit, and that was partly ascribed to the opening of Mandela House in December 1997.
History.
Mandela returned to the house after his release from prison in 1990, despite suggestions from government officials that he find a safer home. At a rally welcoming him home to Soweto his opening words were, "I have come home at last."
However, after 11 days back at the house he moved out again.
He later wrote in his autobiography:
That night I returned with Winnie to No. 8115 in Orlando West. It was only then that I knew in my heart I had left prison. For me No. 8115 was the centre point of my world, the place marked with an X in my mental geography.
Repairs.
In 2007, the Soweto Heritage Trust determined that Mandela House was in serious need of attention. Among the concerns were the physical condition of the house and its contents, the lack of any visitor facilities, the lack of training of the guides and the lack of a consistent message. There were also no formally researched exhibition content and displays.
Accordingly, in June 2008 the Trust's deed was amended to focus more exclusively on Mandela House. A new visitor centre was commissioned, restoration work was authorised, a highly qualified curator was appointed, and re-training of staff was scheduled. The building was closed to the public in April 2008 
and construction work commenced on 18 July 2008.
It was re-opened to the public on 19 March 2009.
External links.
Mandela House

</doc>
<doc id="18488156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488156" title="Amorphoscelis pulchra">
Amorphoscelis pulchra

Amorphoscelis pulchra is a species of praying mantis native to Ivory Coast, Ghana, Cameroon, Congo basin, and Sierra Leone.

</doc>
<doc id="18488161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488161" title="Amorphoscelis punctata">
Amorphoscelis punctata

Amorphoscelis punctata is a species of praying mantis native to Ivory Coast, Ghana, Cameroon, Congo basin, and Sierra Leone.

</doc>
<doc id="18488172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488172" title="Hohhot No.2 Middle School">
Hohhot No.2 Middle School

Hohhot No. 2 Middle School (呼和浩特 市 第二 中学 Hū-hé-hào-tè-shì dì-èr zhōng-xué, abb. 呼市二中hū-shì-èr-zhōng) is a high school in Inner Mongolia, China. It was formerly sponsored by General Fu Zuoyi, a member of the Kuomintang, also known as the Chinese Nationalist Party. 
Founded in Hang Jin Hou Banner, Bayannas League in 1942, it was named Fen Dou in Chinese which means 'to strive'. In 1946, it was moved to Hohhot and then in 1954 renamed Hohhot No. 2 Middle School. 

</doc>
<doc id="18488173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488173" title="Amorphoscelis reticulata">
Amorphoscelis reticulata

Amorphoscelis reticulata is a species of praying mantis native to Sarawak.

</doc>
<doc id="18488176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488176" title="Camilla (genus)">
Camilla (genus)

Camilla are small slender, dark flies generally in length, from the family Camillidae

</doc>
<doc id="18488181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488181" title="Amorphoscelis rufula">
Amorphoscelis rufula

Amorphoscelis rufula is a species of praying mantis native to Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="18488201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488201" title="Plácido Micó Abogo">
Plácido Micó Abogo

Plácido Micó Abogo (born 11 July 1963) is an Equatoguinean politician. He has been the Secretary-General of the Convergence for Social Democracy (CPDS), an opposition political party in Equatorial Guinea, since 1994.
Micó Abogo was a founding member of the CPDS and was Secretary of Administration and Finance of the CPDS Provisional Executive Committee during the early 1990s. He was arrested after copies of the CPDS paper "La Verdad", which he and Celestino Bonifacio Bacalé wanted sent to Spain, were intercepted at the airport in Malabo in February 1992. He was jailed for about four months and was allegedly tortured.
In December 1994, at the Constitutive Congress of the CPDS, held in Bata, Plácido Micó Abogo was chosen as Secretary-General. He was re-elected to that post at the party's Second National Congress in February 2001 and at its Third National Congress (28–30 January 2005).
Plácido Micó Abogo was the only CPDS candidate to win a seat in the Chamber of People's Representatives in the 1999 parliamentary election. He was arrested in May 2002, placed under house arrest, and charged in connection with a 1997 coup plot. In June 2002, he was sentenced to 14 years and eight months in prison; however, President Teodoro Obiang Nguema pardoned him in August 2003.
In the April 2004 parliamentary election, Micó Abogo was re-elected to the Chamber of People's Representatives as a CPDS candidate in Malabo; he was one of two CPDS candidates to win seats. He was again re-elected in the May 2008 parliamentary election, but was left as the only representative of the opposition in the 100-seat Chamber of People's Representatives.
In an interview with the Spanish newspaper "El Pais", published on 11 July 2008, he was strongly critical of the political situation in Equatorial Guinea, saying that "the opposition has no political presence. There are no unions or professional associations. There is no media that escapes the government's control", and he condemned the parliamentary election held in May as severely "violent and manipulated". He accused the United States of being complicit in the rule of President Obiang for the sake of its oil interests.
On 16 October 2009, it was announced that the next presidential election would be held on 29 November 2009, earlier than expected. Micó Abogo promptly denounced the move, arguing that "with such little time, it will be impossible to properly organise a political campaign in a country that lacks everything". Despite his criticism, he stood as a candidate in the election.

</doc>
<doc id="18488207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488207" title="California Department of Managed Health Care">
California Department of Managed Health Care

The Department of Managed Health Care (DMHC) is a regulatory body governing managed health care plans, sometimes referred to as Health Maintenance Organizations (HMO) in California. The current director, Shelley Rouillard, was appointed by Governor Jerry Brown on December 2, 2013.
The DMHC is part of the California Health and Human Services Agency. It was established in 2000 and is responsible for enforcing the Knox-Keene Health Care Service Plan Act of 1975, and other related laws and regulations.
Not all health plans operating in California are under the juricdiction of the DMHC. For example, most Preferred Provider Organizations are regulated by the California Department of Insurance (DOI). In addition, "self-insured" or ERISA plans, offered by some large employers are under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Department of Labor. 

</doc>
<doc id="18488210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488210" title="Peene Becque">
Peene Becque

The Peene Becque is a small river in Nord département in France. The word "Peene" may be related to the modern Dutch word "Peen" that refers to the wild carrot plant ("Daucus carota"), while "becque" is the transliteration of the Dutch word "beek", referring to a small stream (cf. English word "beck").
The Peene Becque has its source in Sainte-Marie-Cappel, flows in a north-eastern direction through Zuytpeene, Noordpeene, Ochtezeele, Arnèke, Ledringhem, Wormhout and Wylder where it ends its course by flowing into the Franco-Belgian river Yser.
The Peene becque constitutes a natural border between the villages of Arnèke and Ledringhem (to the south), between Ledringhem and Zermezeele and between Ledringhem and Wormhout.
Water quality.
According to the organisation "Schéma d’Aménagement et de Gestion des Eaux (SAGE) de l'Yser", the water quality of the Peene Becque is poor, with domestic pollution having a greater impact than agricultural pollution, especially in summer when the water level is low.
Tributaries.
The Peene Becque has even smaller tributaries, no more than large ditches, like the short one passing right in the centre of the village of Ledringhem, the "Trommels Becque", looking like an open air sewage serving the "La campagnarde" neighborough, the "Zermezeele Becque", the "Cray hill becque" (4.4 km) crossing Arnèke or the "Lyncke becque" (6.7 km) crossing Zuytpeene.
See also.
The 1677 Battle of Cassel is also sometime referred as "Battle of the Peene".

</doc>
<doc id="18488244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488244" title="Ascotis selenaria">
Ascotis selenaria

The Giant looper ("Ascotis selenaria") is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Description.
"Ascotis selenaria" has a wingspan of 38–48 mm. The front wings are characterized by a yellowish-white ground color, with numerous dark grey markings and two brownish sharply toothed transverse lines. The front and rear wings show distinctive moon shaped spots. The color and pattern of the caterpillars vary from green to yellow/green or brown resembling twigs. They have a characteristic bulbous swelling on the thorax and move with a looping motion as usual in measuring worms.
The "Giant looper" has two generations per year in southern Europe, flying from April to May and from July to August. The caterpillars can be found from September to October (first generation) and in June–July (second generation). If only one generation is present because of climate conditions, the moths fly from late June to early August, while you can encounter the caterpillars from August to September. The moths are nocturnal.
Distribution.
This species is distributed in Southern Europe from Spain and western Mediterranean through the Balkans, in Central Europe, in Eastern Europe up to the Ural mountains, Africa, Anatolia from the Caucasus Mountains up to Altai Mountains, Korea and Japan.
Habitat.
These moths prefer rocky slopes, bushy forest edges and sandy pine forests.

</doc>
<doc id="18488258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488258" title="Timolin">
Timolin

Timolin () is a village in the south of County Kildare, Ireland. It is on the former N9 road (now by-passed) about south of Dublin. It is a small village, with less than a hundred inhabitants, one shop and a two pubs. It is located close to the Moone High Cross Inn.
During the Irish Confederate Wars of the 1640s Timolin was the scene of a notorious massacre. A stronghouse in the village, in which many civilians were sheltering, was attacked by an army under Ormonde. After it had been captured around 200 civilians were killed. 
The closest village to Timolin is Moone, about 1 kilometre to the south. The current county plan provides for joint development of Moone and Timolin.

</doc>
<doc id="18488270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488270" title="SVIST">
SVIST

SVIST (Sri Venkateswara Institute of Science & Technology, (College code : SVIK)) is an engineering college in Kadapa, Andhra Pradesh, India. It is situated 5 km away from Kadapa city and was established in 2007 by the Sri Venkateswara Educational Society. 
The college was established by Rajoli Veera Reddy. It is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), affiliated to JNTU University Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="18488273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488273" title="Chukiat Noosarung">
Chukiat Noosarung

Chukiat Noosarung (Thai ชูเกียรติ หนูสลุง) is a former Thai football player. He is a famous Defender who scored 4 goals for the Thailand national team, and played in several FIFA World Cup qualifying matches. In present, he is currently player- manager of Chaiyaphum United in the Thai Second Division of the football league.

</doc>
<doc id="18488274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488274" title="DETAIL (professional journal)">
DETAIL (professional journal)

DETAIL is the international professional journal for architecture and construction details produced by Detail publishers. Each issue deals with a specific aspect of building, such as concrete construction, roof structures or refurbishment, whereby emphasis is placed on the quality of the building details. Up-to-date examples are selected from schemes around the world, and these are illustrated with plans and details drawn to a consistent scale as well as with photographs. 
The journal focuses on the depiction of new developments in the form of descriptive texts, constructional drawings and photos. The target group comprises above all architects, engineers and other specialists from the field of construction.
History.
DETAIL first appeared in 1961. In 2008, in its 48th year, ten issues of the journal are published per annum. From 2009, the number increased to 12 a year. 
Brief description.
DETAIL is an international professional journal for architects, construction engineers, building authorities and developers. Its title highlights a central feature of the content, which consists of the documentation and description of building developments of all kinds. Emphasis is placed on the depiction of constructional and architectural relationships. DETAIL comprises five main sections under the headings Discussion, Reports, Documentation, Technology and Products. It thus represents an important source of information for architects and planning offices. Two special DETAIL Concept issues highlight not only the ideas underlying the design of outstanding buildings, but the entire planning and construction process.
Content.
The journal contains commentaries and topical articles, professional discussions and special reports, as well as documentations of specific buildings, in which spatial and urban relationships are described in the form of photos, drawings and explanatory texts, details of the technology involved, and product information relating to the construction, fitting out and furnishing of the buildings. In many cases, the product information is complemented by illustrations as well. There are also reports on various events, on building and planning law and building physics. 
Each issue of the journal concentrates on a specific aspect of construction, illustrating this with up-to-date examples from around the world. The selected projects show the range of the topic under discussion. Together with the Documentation section, the projects form the central part of each issue. The opening Discussion section, which contains interviews, critical statements and historical analyses, serves as an introduction to the main theme of each issue. The subsequent technical considerations with specialist contributions serve to intensify the treatment of the subject. The journal ends with a product information section. 
Publication.
DETAIL is published ten times a year (from 2009 there will be 12 issues per annum) and is distributed to 80 different countries around the world in a bilingual (German-English) edition. In addition to this international edition, the journal appears six times a year in a purely English version. Copies sent abroad contain an inserted brochure with translations of the most important articles into French, Russian and Italian. Since 2002, an exclusively Spanish edition of the journal has been published in Spain with a full translation of the contents.
Dates of publication: each issue appears in the first week of a month. 
Advertising planning deadline: six weeks prior to date of publication
Deadline for receipt of material: five weeks prior to date of publication
Circulation.
The print run for the German-language edition is 38,844 copies. The average circulation over the year is 33,076 copies (IVW 3/06–2/07); English edition: 12,000 copies; Spanish edition: 10,000 copies; Chinese/English edition: 6,000 copies; Japanese edition: 10,000 copies (publisher’s information 1/07).
Readership.
The readership includes architectural practices, joint architectural and engineering offices, construction-planning departments in industry, banks, etc., planning departments of public building offices, construction and housing development organizations, building firms, mechanical-service engineers and structural engineers. 
DETAIL internationally.
The journal is read in more than 80 countries and is published in five different languages: 
DETAIL Network.
The DETAIL journal forms part of Detail Network, which includes Detail X, Detail360.de, Detail360.com, Deutscher Baukatalog (DBK), DETAIL (the journal) and Detail Online. The network functions as a community, databank, reference tool and marketplace for specialist information in the field of architecture and building construction. 
DETAIL.de:
Architects and building engineers can find topical everyday reports on architecture and details of current events as well as information on building law, building physics and construction materials in this DETAIL gateway to architecture. The archive contains articles published in past issues of the journal which can be downloaded. Every Monday, the job-service facility contains new offers of employment from the European building sector. These can also be obtained – sorted according to professional groups – by means of a Newsletter subscription. In addition, DETAIL Topics and DETAIL Plus provide two platforms free of charge with specialist information on matters related to planning and other professional fields. 
DETAIL X :
DETAIL X is a free internet gateway run by students of architecture for students of architecture. Here, access to expert knowledge is provided in a compact form for students of the various building disciplines. This facility also serves as a platform for a mutual exchange of ideas and for the presentation of students’ projects and special interests. The editorial contents are taken from the architectural journal DETAIL and are also contributed by the users themselves. In this way, an extensive databank is built up, containing lots of basic information, university papers and specialist knowledge from DETAIL. The forum, together with the integrated weblog, stimulates interactive communication and the exchange of information. University profiles and rankings provide an overview of the schools of architecture in German-speaking countries. 
DETAIL 360°:
DETAIL360.com provides scope for architects, specialist planners, interior designers and consultants to present their offices and projects in a visual form and to describe them in their own words. The professional community is a platform for making new contacts or deepening relationships with existing partners and clients. In May 2008, DETAIL360.com was established on an international basis. Offices can now present themselves and their projects across borders and find partners on a global scale. 
Deutscher Baukatalog (German Building Catalogue):
The DETAIL Deutscher Baukatalog (DBK) is a cost-free research tool for product information in the realm of architecture and building construction. Here, architects can find the products of more than 45,000 manufacturers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. In this way, one has an overview of all building products available in these countries, as well as concise descriptions of and contact data to the relevant companies in this market. An intelligent search facility allows simple access to the relevant planning data. The products and services on offer are accessible via more than 2,000 specific keywords. Forming part of the DETAIL network, the Deutscher Baukatalog provides a databank to aid architects in choosing the most suitable products for their own projects. 

</doc>
<doc id="18488280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488280" title="Cyclophora albipunctata">
Cyclophora albipunctata

The Birch Mocha ("Cyclophora albipunctata") is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 20–25 mm.
The larvae feed on "Betula" species, including "Betula verrucosa", "Betula pubescens", "Betula nana" and "Betula pendula".

</doc>
<doc id="18488293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488293" title="Suweid Hamira">
Suweid Hamira

Suweid Hamira (; ) is a Bedouin village in northern Israel. Located near Shefa-'Amr, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council.
The village was recognised by the state in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18488297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488297" title="Stephen Humbert">
Stephen Humbert

Stephen Humbert (ca 1766 – January 16, 1849) was a merchant and politician in New Brunswick. He represented the City of Saint John from 1809 to 1820 and St. John County from 1830 to 1834 in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick.
He was born in New Jersey, the son of Stephen Humbert, and became a baker like his father. The family, loyal to Britain, moved to Parrtown (later Saint John, New Brunswick) in 1783. Humbert was also involved in shipping, was a general merchant, owned a book and music shop and operated a singing school. Humbert was a member of the Common Council for Saint John and served in the militia during the War of 1812 and afterward. In 1818, he married his second wife Mary Adams. Humbert was defeated in bids for reelection in 1820, 1827 and 1834. He was a lay leader in the Methodist church at Saint John, publishing a history of Methodism in New Brunswick, and compiled the first English language collection of tunes published in Canada, which included some of his own compositions. Humbert died in Saint John.
Humbert, who himself had frequently crossed the border with the United States to engage in illicit trade, received a commission from the Province to suppress the illegal plaster trade in Passamaquoddy Bay in 1820. The ensuing "Plaster War" was a disaster for Humbert, who was frequently threatened with violence and whose own son was kidnapped by plaster smugglers. New Brunswick's Assembly soon cancelled the plaster regulations.
His son John served as a member of the provincial assembly for King's County.
References.
Fundy,” in Stephen Hornsby and John Reid, eds., "New England and Atlantic Canada: Connections and Comparisons" (Montreal & Kingston: McGill-Queen's University Press, 2005), 109-124

</doc>
<doc id="18488305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488305" title="Kim Han-Yoon">
Kim Han-Yoon

Kim Han-Yoon (born 11 July 1974) is a South Korean footballer who is coach for FC Seoul. His previous clubs include FC Seoul, Bucheon SK (currently Jeju United FC), Pohang Steelers and Busan I'Park. He came out of retirement to sign as playing coach for Busan I'Park in April 2011, making his debut on 20 April 2011, and scoring in a 2-1 win for Busan over Sangju Sangmu Phoenix in the 2011 Rush & Cash Cup. Kim Han Yoon wrote himself into I'Park folklore with a winning goal in the dying minutes of the Rush Cash & Cup semi final against Suwon on 7 July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18488308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488308" title="Russellville, Arkansas micropolitan area">
Russellville, Arkansas micropolitan area

The Russellville Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in the U.S. state of Arkansas, anchored by the city of Russellville.
As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 75,608 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 82,710).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 75,608 people, 28,623 households, and 20,822 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 91.74% White, 2.29% African American, 0.65% Native American, 0.65% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 3.18% from other races, and 1.45% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.04% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $30,493, and the median income for a family was $36,232. Males had a median income of $26,543 versus $18,728 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $15,651.

</doc>
<doc id="18488313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488313" title="Francesco (film)">
Francesco (film)

Francesco is a 1989 docu-drama relating in flashback St. Francis of Assisi's evolution from rich man's son to religious humanitarian and finally to full-fledged saint. The film was based on Hermann Hesse's "Francis of Assisi", which director Liliana Cavani had previously filmed in 1966. It was shot in the Italian region of Abruzzo and it stars Mickey Rourke and Helena Bonham Carter. Greek composer, Vangelis, provided the musical score.
Raised as the pampered son of a merchant, Francis goes off to war, only to return with a profound horror for the society which generated such suffering. In one scene, as an act of renunciation, he strips himself of his fine clothing in front of his father, and leaves the house naked and barefoot, joining the lepers and beggars in the poor section of town. A series of episodes from Francis' life follows, rather than a coherent narrative, until his final days when he receives the stigmata, the wounds Christ suffered at the crucifixion.
The film won three awards and was nominated for a fourth. Danilo Donati won the 1989 David di Donatello Award for Best Production Design, and the 1989 Italian National Syndicate of Film Journalists Silver Ribbon also for Best Production Design. Fabio Bussotti won the Syndicate's Best Supporting Actor Award. Director Liliana Cavani was nominated for the Golden Palm at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
Sound Track.
The sound track of the film was composed by the Greek composer Vangelis. It was never officially issued, but released in a limited edition not licenced for public by Andromeda Music (AMO103) in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18488324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488324" title="Diana Álvares Pereira de Melo, 11th Duchess of Cadaval">
Diana Álvares Pereira de Melo, 11th Duchess of Cadaval

Princess Diana of Orléans, Duchess of Anjou, Duchess of Cadaval, "née" Dona Diana Mariana Vitória Álvares Pereira de Melo (born Geneva, 25 July 1978) is a Portuguese noblewoman. She is the eldest daughter of Dom Jaime III Álvares Pereira de Melo, 10th Duke of Cadaval's second marriage with Claudine Marguerite Marianne Tritz (born 1943).
She studied International communication at the American University of Paris. She manages the House of Cadaval properties, which the historical ones include the Palace of the Dukes of Cadaval, in Évora, and the Muge estate, in Santarém.
Succession.
"Dona" Diana's father was married twice, but only the second marriage was a religious ceremony. Diana has two older half-sisters, an older half-brother (born from her father's extramarital relationship) and a younger sister:
When the Duke died in 2001, the eldest daughters of both marriages, Rosalinda and Diana, disputed the family heritage. "Dom" Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza recognized Diana as 11th Duchess of Cadaval (on a non-hereditary basis, as all holders of the Dukedom of Cadaval in the past have been obtained recognition of the title during their lifetime), acting on the authority attributed to him post-monarchy by the "Conselho de Nobreza" (Council of the Nobility) as Head of the Royal House of Braganza. He granted to her eldest half-sister, Dona Rosalinda, the new title of "Duchess of Cadaval-Hermès", as she's married with Hubert Guerrand-Hermès, heir of Hermès.
Marriage.
On 21 June 2008, "Dona" Diana married Prince Prince Charles Philippe, Duke of Anjou (born 1973). The ceremony took place in the Cathedral of Évora, a monument declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1988. Both wife and husband are Capetians, descending in unbroken male line from King Robert II of France (972 - 1031), Diana from his younger son Robert I, Duke of Burgundy through the royal (though illegitimate) Portuguese branch of the House of Braganza, and Charles-Philippe through the elder son, King Henry I of France, via the cadet branch of the House of Bourbon-Orléans. The couple are also fifth cousins once-removed through shared descent from King Francis I of the Two Sicilies. 
Diana's children by Charles-Philippe bear the title "Prince/Princess d'Orléans" and the style of Royal Highness. Their first child, Princess Isabelle d'Orléans, was born on February 22, 2012 in Lisbon, Portugal. The princess is named after her great-grandmother, the Countess of Paris, born Princess Isabelle of Orléans-Braganza.

</doc>
<doc id="18488345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488345" title="Almojábana">
Almojábana

Almojábana is a type of bread made with cuajada cheese and corn flour. and Spain, especially at festivals.
Etymology.
The name almojábana comes from the Arabic word “almugábbana” which means a “mix made with cheese”.

</doc>
<doc id="18488347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488347" title="Uzan Bazaar">
Uzan Bazaar

Uzan Bazaar () is a residential-cum commercial centre of Guwahati and one of the oldest settlements in the city. It is located in the northern part of the city with the river Brahmaputra flowing alongside in north. It houses some of the major tourist as well as sites of regional importance in and around its area.
This area being the nearest of the residential areas as far as the river is concerned, is famous for its fish market of fished out varieties from the river. 
Etymology.
The name Uzan Bazar comes from the Kamrupi word "Uzan", which refers to old settlement in the area located in upstream of river Brahmaputra. This area served as major river port in earlier times. 
Place of interest.
Jor Pukhuri.
"Jor" means 'a pair' in Assamese and "Pukhri"/"Pukhuri" stands for 'pond'. Jor Pukhuri is a pair of ponds which adds up to the residential value of the area. The two ponds, which was earlier just one became a pair when the canal connecting the Brahmaputra to the temple of Ugratara, a prominent centre of Shakti Puja, in the times of Koch rulers was sealed and converted into a road called the Naujaan Road. Naujaan in Assamese means a canal for boats. The water of the ponds have an under source with the river Brahmaputra. Apart from the legendary significance this set of ponds depicts affinity to water for the earliest settlers of Guwahati in and around the pond surroundings. Moreover, it serves as an excellent nesting grounds for various Herons, Egrets and Cranes in the trees in its boundary. The pond, since a very long time is the home to a gaggle of Whooper Swans (Cygnus cygnus), "Raj Haanh" in Assamese, and their various humanly antics have become figs of various folklore and poetry of Assam.
Latasil.
Latasil is a playground in the Uzan Bazar. The playground, which is a permanent venue for Bihu and Durga Puja celebrations,have donated its name to the area as well. The playground also serves as a coaching center and practice ground for various cricket and football clubs.
Maas Ghat.
"Maas Ghat", Assamese for 'Fish Port' is a small thatched market area famous for its fresh river fishes. In the wee hours of the day, the market comes to its fullest of life. One can hear the loud auction cries of the whole sellers locally known as "Mohol"(wholesale) owners, inviting bids from the fish sellers. Though people thronging the place for their own direct consumption could also be seen in the market as the local people are avid fish consumer.
Daily market.
Uzan Bazaar happens to be one of the busiest of the daily-needs market in the city. This market lends its name to the whole area with which it is known as. Apart from value stores, department stores, groceries, confectioners, meat sellers, fish mongers, bakeries, eateries and food joints, the market earns a good repute from the womenfolk for its wide availability of Ladies Tailors, a set of kiosks famed for their self acclaimed proficiency in stitching women's garments, especially churidaars and salwaar kameez, a traditional North Indian attire now happily owned by the Assamese women folk as well. Beside these shops and commercial establishments, the Market area also nestles a Guwahati Municipality Corporation's branch office and a Post Office of the Indian Post.
Kachari Bazaar.
This market gets its name from the nearby placed Guwahati High Court and the District Court. Kachari in Assamese means Court. However apart from the name, which is a misnomer, the market is a typical Assamese countryside market, within the city. The market is frequented by the people even from the farthest corner of the city due to the market's reputation of selling exotic Assamese fruits and vegetables.
Baruwari Puja Mandap.
This community establishment is a major prayer hall for the locals of Uzan Bazaar. An annual Durga Puja attracts a major crowd during the festival. This "mandap"(prayer hall in Assamese), is also a common venue of Hindu marriage ceremonies, sacred thread ("Upanayan") ceremonies and various traditional auspicious family events and functions for the Guwahatians. The prayer hall in return lends its name "Baruwari" ( meaning which belong to the community in Assamese) to the place in and around it.
Vivekananda Kendra.
Guwahati's branch of Vivekananda Kendra is in Uzan Bazaar. It is a non profit organisation run by the Vivekananda Trust of India which serves as a center of Yoga and Cultural and spiritual studies. 
Apart from these major places, it is also the home to a number of literary and cultural activist of Assam. It is perhaps due to this that,"Kumar Bhaskar Natya Mandir" - a regular cultural venue for various city events in Guwahati,is present in Uzan Bazaar. A children library, "Bishnu Nirmala Xhixu Poothibhnoraal", serves as a perfect reading place for the local kids. Amongst the teenagers and young adults, Uzan Bazar serves a perfect spot for recreational activities alongside its river bank. This river bank is further ornamented with a park, consisting of a jogging track and offers a beautiful view of the Brahmaputra river. The Guwahati Planetarium is in Uzan Bazaar, north of the Latasil field. The Guwahati High Court is also in the Uzan Bazaar area. 
Education.
Government Primary Schools, Government High Schools and a few nursery and kindergartens are run by locals and business houses.
An MBA institute ISBM-G affiliated to Dibrugarh University offering courses for MBA,BBA,and BCA. Innumerable scholars and artists settled and lived their lives in this area, and hence, Uzan Bazaar is often regarded as the heart of Guwahati.
Accommodation.
Nearby hotels are Hotel Brahmaputra Ashok, Hotel Blue Moon and Hotel Belle Vue.
Transportation.
Uzan Bazaar's postal code is 781001 and Lamb Road, M.C. Road, F.C. Road and M.G.Road are nearby city roads. Area is well connected with the rest of the city through the city buses, auto-rickshaws, cycle rickshaws, Trekkers-shared taxi service and other modes of transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="18488367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488367" title="Bonus Flush">
Bonus Flush

Bonus Flush is a video poker variation based on Jacks or Better with an increased payout for flushes, but reduced payout for two pairs. Game is offered on online casinos using Grand Virtual software.

</doc>
<doc id="18488378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488378" title="A80 road">
A80 road

A80 road may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18488385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488385" title="René Martens">
René Martens

René Martens (Hasselt, 27 May 1955) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18488396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488396" title="Dosrius Castle">
Dosrius Castle

The Dosrius Castle is a castle situated atop a hill, some 246 m above sea level, to the north of Dosrius, in Maresme. Now only ruins, it was first documented in 1114, and is a contemporary of other castles in the area, notably Burriac Castle. Until the beginning of the 15th century it belonged to the Priory of Saint Peter of Casseres.

</doc>
<doc id="18488397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488397" title="Lee Jong-Min (born 1983)">
Lee Jong-Min (born 1983)

Lee Jong-Min (born 1 September 1983) is a South Korean footballer who plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings. His previous clubs include Ulsan Hyundai, FC Seoul and Sangju Sangmu Phoenix.

</doc>
<doc id="18488398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488398" title="Autovía A-80">
Autovía A-80

The Autovía A-80 is a proposed upgrade of the N-634 (Carretera) a highway in northern Spain. It will connect the costal resort of Ribadesella and the Autovía A-8 with Cangas de Onis. The N-625 then heads south to Leon, and the N-634 west to Oviedo.

</doc>
<doc id="18488408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488408" title="Becque">
Becque

Becque is a French spelling of the Old West Flemish word "beke", Dutch "Beek" meaning beck : small water stream, smaller than a river. A number of small rivers flowing in Nord département (northern France) and Belgium are called Becque(s) or Becq
It may refer to:
and also :
People :
Fictional :
Becq, word with the same meaning for a stream, may be found in :

</doc>
<doc id="18488414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488414" title="Pattanapong Sripramote">
Pattanapong Sripramote

Pattanapong Sripramote (Thai พัฒนพงษ์ ศรีปราโมทย์) is a former Thai football player. He is famous Defender who scored 7 goals for the Thailand national team. Best of all, he was the few defender of Thailand national team who can scored hat-trick in 1996 Asian Cup Qualification against with Maldives.
International goals.
</noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18488415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488415" title="Merhavia (moshav)">
Merhavia (moshav)

Merhavia (, lit. "Great Enlargement - God") a moshav in northern Israel. It falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council and in 2006 had a population of 722. Founded in 1911, it was the first modern Jewish settlement in the Jezreel Valley.
The village was established as the Co-operative in Merhavia, a co-operative farm, at the beginning of 1911, based on the ideas of Franz Oppenheimer. The founders had arrived in the area in 1910 and consisted of members of "Kvutzat Kibush" and workers of the Second Aliyah. It was supposed to operate as a co-operative farm with differential wages, and was founded with the assistance of Arthur Ruppin, Yehoshua Hankin, the Anglo-Palestine Bank and Eliyahu Blumenfeld. Alexander Baerwald designed and built the first solid buildings and the road net with a central square in 1915. The name Merhavia is derived from the Book of Psalms 118:5;
Out of my straits I called upon the LORD; .. answered me with great enlargement - God. (in the metaphorical sense: "God set me free." - The experience of the Jews immigrating to Israel and achieving a new homeland without the straits persecution.)
In 1922 it was converted to a moshav ovdim after being joined by Polish immigrants and residents of Tel Aviv who wanted to work in agriculture. In 1929 a kibbutz, also by the name of Merhavia, was established next to the moshav.

</doc>
<doc id="18488418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488418" title="Judiel Nieva">
Judiel Nieva

Judiel Nieva (born 1977), also known as Angel de la Vega, is a Filipino transgender woman, actress and businesswoman, notable for her claims of seeing a vision of the Virgin Mary atop a guava tree in Agoo, La Union, Philippines in what was labeled as the "Miracle of Agoo" from 1989 until 1993. The Roman Catholic Church officially declared Nieva's visions as non-supernatural in 1993.
Early life.
Nieva is the seventh of eight children. Her parents Pedro and Julia Nieva sold goods out of two stalls which they operated in the local market. Even as a young child, Nieva was believed to have special powers and was sought out as a healer.
Alleged Marian visions.
Nieva claimed to have begun seeing visions of the Virgin Mary in 1987 when she was only 10 years old. On March 31, 1989, she reported that the first of several public apparitions, in which she claimed to have seen a bright light, then heard voices and the sounds of trumpets while angels descended from heaven towards him singing “Allelulia” and “Salve Regina”.
The Holy Family next appeared on a cloud, St. Joseph holding a shepherd’s staff and the Virgin Mary sitting on a rock holding the baby Jesus on her lap. Other "miraculous" events associated with Nieva included a Eucharistic Host turning into actual flesh and blood, messages reportedly coming from the Virgin Mary, images of the Virgin Mary "weeping" tears of blood and a "dancing" sun.
Description of Mary.
The description of the Blessed Virgin Mary according to Nieva's personalized statue is distinct. The Virgin Mary wears a long white tunic, and stands atop a (Guava) tree resting on a cloud decorated with seven roses. The virgin has a six-pointed star on the forehead, and has a "Sailor knot" featuring a tassel and a golden chain ball hanging from her chest.
The Marian title associated with the weeping statue later became known as ""Our Lady of Agoo, Immaculate Queen of Heaven and Earth"" and features seven roses atop a cloud where the virgin stands.
Initial reactions.
The public was initially inclined to believe Nieva's claims. On March 6, 1993, during a "manifestation" on "Apparition Hill", an estimated one million people gathered to witness a "visitation" from the Virgin Mary. Numerous government officials, media personalities and even a Catholic bishop attested to the veracity of these events. Cardinal Jaime Lachica Sin also once publicly celebrated Holy Mass at the apparition site.
Declaration as non-supernatural.
In 1993, a theological commission established by Bishop Salvador Lazo Lazo condemned the aforementioned events as "Constat de Non Supernaturalitate" (Latin, "clearly evident to be not supernatural"). Accounts reported in the news media regarding the financial corruption of the discredited seer's family and her own transsexualism were seen as proof of this finding.
The statue is reported to have wept tears of blood on three separate occasions. Initial reports by the National Bureau of Investigation in the Philippines ruled that the blood on the statue was "Human Type "O"" but further ecclesiastical investigation by the Roman Catholic Church under the Archdiocese of Manila by Bishop Salvador Lazo Lazo later discovered that the blood on the Virgin Mary statue was of pig's blood, the acceptance of public donations, along with a controversial alleged request by the Virgin Mary to Judiel Nieva to wear women's clothing further discredited the claims of supernaturality. In 2005, the original statue of the Virgin of Agoo was sold in the amount of 2,000.00 php as reported by various Filipino media outlets.
Acting career.
In 2003, Nieva, who now calls herself by the screen name "Angel dela Vega", starred in a film entitled "Siklo". In the film, she plays a woman who falls in love with her neighbor. As part of Vega's physical transformation, Vega has also undergone breast implant prosthesis.
In a September 2003 televised The Buzz interview with Nieva by Kris Aquino, she was asked if the Virgin Mary has continued to appear, Nieva refused to answer and asked to no longer talk about the topic in order to allow her to move on. Nieva also noted that in July of the same year, she was involved in a car accident but survived, along with her driver. In another interview by GMA Network, a host asked Nieva what prompted her to undergo a gender and sex change. Nieva empathically answered ""Ito po ang Kagustuhan ng Mahal na Birhen"" (English: "This is what the Beloved Virgin Mary willed (for me).").
Nieva is gay and maintains a partial residence with her lover and domestic partner in Agoo, La Union. Presently, she co-owns a spa and restaurant resort in her hometown and claims to maintain a personal religious devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary in private.

</doc>
<doc id="18488424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488424" title="Ian Button">
Ian Button

Ian Button (born 1962) is an English guitarist best known for being in the band Death In Vegas (1994-2011) and The Thrashing Doves (1985-1991). Though Death In Vegas' main creative force Richard Fearless and Tim Holmes are often regarded as the only 2 permanent members of the band, Button's contribution was significant throughout the band's first four albums and in the live band.
Button's professional musical career began in the early 1980s shortly after he left Leeds University. In summer 1981 he had been in talks with The Sisters of Mercy in Leeds about becoming their drummer - in the event he returned to Kent after only a year of his studies, got a job at Pinnacle Records, and joined the band that would eventually become Thrashing Doves. (Button was approached again to play guitar for The Sisters of Mercy in 2001).
Alongside his long-term band projects his career includes a range of sessions and collaborations with artists such as Dot Allison, Cathy Dennis, Pete Doherty, and Arthur Baker - he also wrote and recorded the theme for BBC1's The Saturday Show in 2001.
He splits his current work between producing, performing and lecturing in music production. He has largely switched to drums as his main instrument and is involved in playing, production and recording for a number of projects including the antifolk bands Paul Hawkins & Thee Awkward Silences, Lucy's Diary, Sargeant Buzfuz and David Cronenberg's Wife, D.I.V bassist Mat Flint's band Deep Cut, Robert Rotifer, Darren Hayman, Mary Epworth and Go Kart Mozart (the band fronted by Lawrence Hayward, formerly of Felt and Denim). Other recent projects include a songwriting and recording collaboration with Wreckless Eric and Amy Rigby.
Since 1993 Button has released his own material under various aliases: Motorcyclone, Ashley Flowers, and The Anthony Anderson Project (he used the name Anthony Anderson as his credit on the first D.I.V album Dead Elvis). planetanderson.co.uk
In December 2011 he began work on material for an album with a new band/project called Papernut Cambridge and in Summer 2012 began a project to design and build a range of boutique valve spring reverb units.

</doc>
<doc id="18488450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488450" title="Jack Wells (footballer)">
Jack Wells (footballer)

John "Jack" Wells (born 4 January 1883 in Stawell, Victoria; died 17 December 1966, in Fitzroy, Victoria) was an Australian rules footballer who played for and in the Western Australian Football Association (WAFA), Kalgoorlie City in the Goldfields Football Association (GFA), St Kilda and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL), and in the Victorian Football Association (VFA).
Career.
Born in Stawell, Victoria, to William Wells and Jane Mary Reid, Wells played his early football in Western Australia where he spent time in both Kalgoolie and Perth.
Originally playing for Rovers, he switched to Perth after the club folded midway through the 1898 season. He represented the Perth Football Club in their inaugural WAFA season and topped their goal kicking in 1904. His tally that year included what was then a club record 11 goals in a match against Subiaco. Before crossing to the VFL he played in the Goldfields Football Association with Kalgoorlie City and was the league's 'Best and fairest' winner in 1905.
He was used in a variety of position during his career, mostly as a centreman, up forward and in the ruck. In his four seasons at St Kilda he struggled with injuries but captained the club in 1907, to their first ever finals appearance, and at the beginning of 1908. He joined Carlton in 1910 and played in their losing Grand Final side that year. In 1912 he was appointed captain and the following season captained-coached Carlton to sixth place. A four-time Victorian interstate representative, Wells was picked to captain his state in a match against South Australia in 1912 but had withdraw due to an injury.
After leaving Carlton, Wells finished his career in the VFA at North Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="18488461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488461" title="Koh Myong-Jin">
Koh Myong-Jin

Koh Myong-Jin (born January 9, 1988) is a South Korean football player who since 2003 has played for FC Seoul.
Club career.
He joined FC Seoul, then knows as Anyang LG Cheetahs in 2003, He currently play for FC Seoul as one-club man.
International career.
On 23 May 2011, he was called up to the South Korea national team for the friendly matches against Serbia and Ghana, though he did not play. He made his national team debut in a friendly match against Australia on 14 November 2012 in a 1-2 loss.

</doc>
<doc id="18488462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488462" title="John McNeil Wilmot">
John McNeil Wilmot

John McNeil Wilmot (May 3, 1755 – September 7, 1847) was a businessman, judge and political figure in New Brunswick. He represented St. John County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1820 to 1827, and from 1835 to 1842.
He was born in Poughkeepsie, New York, the son of Major Lemuel Wilmot, commander of a company of the Loyal American Regiment, and Elizabeth Street, a sister of Samuel Street. At age 8, John McNeil Wilmot came to New Brunswick in 1783 with his family. He entered the retail business in Fredericton, later moving to Saint John. In 1808, he married Susannah Harriet Wiggins. Wilmot constructed his own wharf in Saint John in 1813. In 1819, he established a company involved in the timber trade. Wilmot helped established the Commercial Bank of New Brunswick, serving as a director for the bank. He also helped found the New Brunswick Fire Insurance Company and the New Brunswick Mining Company. Wilmot served as a member of the Common Council for Saint John and was a justice in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas and a magistrate in the Saint John County court. In 1833, he was named mayor for Saint John. He died at his estate in Lincoln, New Brunswick.
His son Robert Duncan also served in the provincial assembly and later became a Father of Confederation.

</doc>
<doc id="18488487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488487" title="Aangnechi wadi">
Aangnechi wadi

Anganewadi is located in Malvan, Maharashtra, India.
Overview.
At Bharadi Devi temple a fair is organised every February when 2 lakh people visit the temple during the fair.
This is the Jaagrut devasthan situated at Anganewadi, 10 km from Malvan. The Bhradi devi temple is in the village of Masure. Anganewadi is the small hamlet of Masure village. The Bharadi devi is famous for her wish-fulfilling(Navas) power. Her devotees express their wishes (Navas) before her and once the wish is fulfilled they come again for a Darshan (visit) to express their gratitude.
The highlight of Anganewadi is an annual fair time in February, the date is declared after getting approval from the goddess.
Alcohol consumption is forbidden in the hamlet.
Because of the wish–fulfilling powers of the goddess, the goddess has political leaders and celebrities among her devotees. All these faithful throng to the annual fair. Buses and passenger vehicles ply from Malvan and Kankavli to Angnewadi. It is possible to visit Angnewadi and come back to Malvan within 2 hours.
Anganewadi is Pandharpur of Konkan. The name Anganewadi indicates a dominance of people with the surname Angane. According to a legend a goddess materialized in the village in the form of a stone plaque, 400 years ago. Since then people have been flocking to this village for 'Darshan', every year. There is no fixed day or date for the fair. It is decided by consensus.
The consensus for the day of the fair is achieved via a hunt for a wild animal, which is offered as 'Prasad' to the goddess. The animal’s flesh is cooked and distributed among the villagers who then decide on a suitable day for fair. A decision is taken sitting on a mat (made by peel of bamboo) commonly known as ‘Daali’ in Malvani lingo. The villager’s decision is known as ‘Daalap’.
On the day of the fair, the stone plaque is adorned by mask, ornaments and apparels. The village barber then stands outside the temple and after sunrise releases reflected sunrays over the sacred plaque. In view of the enormous crowd attending the festivity, the rituals now begin at 4am and ends at 10pm. One female member from each family joins in the mass cooking. A food thus prepared is offered as ‘Prasad’. This event is known as ‘Taate Lawane (To serve the dishes)’ in Malvani. The event marks the end of the first day of the fair.
On the next day, rituals restart at 4am and continue till the afternoon. The day is called ‘Mode Jatra (End of fair)’. Though the fair thus officially lasts one and a half days, entertainment programs like music and dramas continue for the next four to five days.
A theory to explain the origin of the fair is that a cow belonging to one of the villagers used to discharge milk in the green wood which turned in a stone. When the owner went out to look for the cow, he found the stone. On the same day he got a divine message in his dream and started to worship the stone. The word spread and people have since visited the place annually.
Since the plaque was found in rocky soil (Bharad) the goddess came to
be known as Bharadi. Over the years, the crowds have swelled to the extent where the queue found by devotees for 'Darshan' extends up to 2 km.
The shops of sweet and restaurant has sets angnewadi for two days at both the side of the main road. The various type of Malvani Sweets you can get in the Jatra

</doc>
<doc id="18488488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488488" title="Jo + Jazz">
Jo + Jazz

Jo + Jazz is a 1960 album recorded by Jo Stafford on Columbia Records. The album was also re-released in 1993 by Corinthian Records.
For this album, Stafford is backed by a line-up of noted jazz musicians including Conte Candoli, Don Fagerquist, Russ Freeman, Johnny Hodges, Mel Lewis, Ray Nance, Jimmy Rowles and Ben Webster, who were under the orchestration of Johnny Mandel. The album attracted very little attention when it was originally released by Columbia. It was not recognized as a noteworthy jazz album until Corinthian Records, owned by Stafford and her husband, Paul Weston, re-released it. 

</doc>
<doc id="18488493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488493" title="Harrison, Arkansas micropolitan area">
Harrison, Arkansas micropolitan area

The Harrison Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in the U.S. state of Arkansas, anchored by the city of Harrison.
As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 42,556 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 45,012).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 42,556 people, 17,351 households, and 12,356 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 97.56% White, 0.12% African American, 0.68% Native American, 0.29% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.35% from other races, and 0.99% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.06% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $27,372, and the median income for a family was $32,554. Males had a median income of $24,760 versus $18,442 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $14,982.

</doc>
<doc id="18488517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488517" title="Drosophila ambigua">
Drosophila ambigua

Drosophila ambigua is a European species of fruit fly. 
It is known from most European counties, but it is not common in any of them. It is found wild in Spain, but in other countries it is only found in association with the activities of man, being found on farms, public houses, orchards, fruit stores and the like. There is speculation that it does not over winter in most of Northern Europe, but is reintroduced anew each year.

</doc>
<doc id="18488522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488522" title="Sema vs. COMELEC">
Sema vs. COMELEC

Sema v. COMELEC (G.R. No. 177597, 2008) is a court case that was heard before the Supreme Court of the Philippines. It was consolidated with Marquez v. Comelec (G.R. No. 178628, 2008). It held that the Regional Assembly of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao does not have the power to create provinces and cities. Thus, the creation of the province of Shariff Kabunsuan was unconstitutional and that province no longer exists as a political entity in the Philippines.
The cases.
These consolidated certiorari, prohibition, mandamus and declaratory relief petitions sought the annulment of Commission on Elections "Resolution No. 7902" (10 May 2007), treating Cotabato City as part of the legislative district of Shariff Kabunsuan.
In G.R. No. 177597, Bai Sandra S. A. Sema (Sema), asked the COMELEC "to exclude from the canvassing the votes cast in Cotabato City for representative of the legislative district in question in the Philippine general election, 2007." In G.R. No. 178628, Perfecto Marquez, asked the Court "to order the COMELEC to conduct a special election for representative of the “First District of Maguindanao with Cotabato City.”
The facts.
The Ordinance appended to the 1987 Constitution of the Philippines apportioned 2 legislative districts for Maguindanao. The first consists of Cotabato City and 8 municipalities. Maguindanao forms part of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM), created under its Organic Act, Republic Act No. 6734 (RA 6734), as amended by Republic Act No. 9054 (RA 9054). Cotabato City, as part of Maguindanao’s first legislative district, is not part of the ARMM but of Region XII (having voted against its inclusion in November 1989 plebiscite).
On 28 August 2006, the ARMM’s legislature, the ARMM Regional Assembly, exercising its power to create provinces under Section 19, Article VI of RA 9054, enacted Muslim Mindanao Autonomy Act No. 201 (MMA Act 201) creating the Province of Shariff Kabunsuan composed of the 8 municipalities in the first district of Maguindanao.
Later, 2 new municipalities were carved out of the original 9, constituting Shariff Kabunsuan, resulting to total of 11. Cotabato City is not part of Maguindanao. Maguindanao voters ratified Shariff Kabunsuan’s creation in 29 October 2006 plebiscite.
On 6 February 2007, Cotabato City passed Board Resolution No. 3999, requesting the COMELEC to “clarify the status of Cotabato City in view of the conversion of the First District of Maguindanao into a regular province” under MMA Act 201. The COMELEC issued Resolution No. 07-0407 on 6 March 2007 "maintaining the status quo with Cotabato City as part of Shariff Kabunsuan in the First Legislative District of Maguindanao.” Resolution No. 07-0407, adopted the COMELEC’s Law Department recommendation under a Memorandum dated 27 February 2007. The COMELEC issued on 29 March 2007 Resolution No. 7845 stating that Maguindanao’s first legislative district is composed only of Cotabato City because of the enactment of MMA Act 201.
On 10 May 2007, the COMELEC issued Resolution No. 7902 (subject of these cases), amending Resolution No. 07-0407 by renaming the legislative district in question as “Shariff Kabunsuan Province with Cotabato City (formerly First District of Maguindanao with Cotabato City).”
Meanwhile, the Shariff Kabunsuan creation plebiscite was supervised and officiated by the COMELEC pursuant to Resolution No. 7727.
The following municipalities seceded from Maguindanao and formed the new province. All of them were from the first legislative district of Maguindanao.
Kabuntalan was chosen as the capital of the new province. The province was the first to be created under Republic Act No. 9054 or the Expanded ARMM law.
Sandra Sema questioned COMELEC Resolution 7902 which combined Shariff Kabunsuan and Cotabato City into a single legislative district during the Philippine general election, 2007. Sema lost to incumbent Congress representative of the Shariff Kabunsuan and Cotabato district, Didagen Dilangalen.
Issues.
The Court was asked to rule on "whether Section 19, Article VI of RA 9054, delegating to the ARMM Regional Assembly the power to create provinces, cities, municipalities and barangays, is constitutional; and if in the affirmative, whether a province created by the ARMM Regional Assembly under MMA Act 201 pursuant to Section 19, Article VI of RA 9054 is entitled to one representative in the House of Representatives without need of a national law creating a legislative district for such province."
Further, the High Tribunal had to render judgment on "whether COMELEC Resolution No. 7902 is valid for maintaining the status quo in the first legislative district of Maguindanao (as “Shariff Kabunsuan Province with Cotabato City First District of Maguindanao with Cotabato City”), despite the creation of the Province of Shariff Kabunsuan out of such district (excluding Cotabato City)."
Conclusion.
On July 16, 2008 the Supreme Court of the Philippines's 33-page judgment (8-6) penned by Antonio Carpio annulled 
"Muslim Mindanao Autonomy Act 201", which created Shariff Kabunsuan (carved out of Maguindanao, Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao). Justice Antonio Carpio opined: "We rule that (1) Section 19, Article VI of RA 9054 is unconstitutional insofar as it grants to the ARMM Regional Assembly the power to create provinces and cities; (2) MMA Act 201 creating the Province of Shariff Kabunsuan is void; and (3) COMELEC Resolution No. 7902 is valid."
Carpio stressed that “only Congress can create provinces and cities because the creation of provinces and cities necessarily includes the creation of legislative districts. Creation of province or a city inherently involves the power to create a legislative district. The Constitution mandates that a province or a city with at least 250,000 inhabitants is entitled to at least one representative."
The Court also declared unconstitutional the RLA’s power to create provinces and cities in the region but it did not pass upon the constitutionality of the creation of new municipalities and barangays. Under Republic Act No. 9140 or the Expanded ARMM Law, the RLA has the power to create new LGUs and to set its own criteria in creating, dividing, merging, or abolishing LGUs.
Carpio further ruled that "in the present 14th Congress, there are 219 district representatives out of the maximum 250 seats in the House of Representatives. Since party-list members shall constitute 20 percent of total membership of the House, there should at least be 50 party-list seats available in every election in case 50 party-list candidates are proclaimed winners. This leaves only 200 seats for district representatives, much less than the 219 incumbent district representatives. Thus, there is a need now for Congress to increase by law the allowable membership of the House, even before Congress can create new provinces."
Summary.
Carpio tersely put the judgment in this manner: "In summary, we rule that Section 19, Article VI of RA 9054, insofar as it grants to the ARMM Regional Assembly the power to create provinces and cities, is void for being contrary to Section 5 of Article VI and Section 20 of Article X of the Constitution, as well as Section 3 of the Ordinance appended to the Constitution. Only Congress can create provinces and cities because the creation of provinces and cities necessarily includes the creation of legislative districts, a power only Congress can exercise under Section 5, Article VI of the Constitution and Section 3 of the Ordinance appended to the Constitution. The ARMM Regional Assembly cannot create a province without a legislative district because the Constitution mandates that every province shall have a legislative district. Moreover, the ARMM Regional Assembly cannot enact a law creating a national office like the office of a district representative of Congress because the legislative powers of the ARMM Regional Assembly operate only within its territorial jurisdiction as provided in Section 20, Article X of the Constitution. Thus, we rule that MMA Act 201, enacted by the ARMM Regional Assembly and creating the Province of Shariff Kabunsuan, is void.
Consequently, we hold that COMELEC Resolution No. 7902, preserving the geographic and legislative district of the First District of Maguindanao with Cotabato City, is valid as it merely complies with Section 5 of Article VI and Section 20 of Article X of the Constitution, as well as Section 1 of the Ordinance appended to the Constitution."
Aftermath.
The landmark ruling resulted in the Philippines' reverting to 80 provinces. The ruling also nullified the elections of the governor, vice governor and provincial board of Shariff Kabunsuan and the entire provincial bureaucracy is deemed scrapped as Shariff Kabunsuan reverts as integral part of Maguindanao.
Uncertainty loomed about the legal fate of local elected provincial officials in Shariff Kabunsuan. Among the proclaimed winners in the 2007 local election are 2 board members and the vice governor. Former Sultan Kudarat mayor and 2007 Shariff Kabunsuan gubernatorial candidate Tucao Mastura said: "What will happen to the elected governor, vice governor, and board members? We cannot afford to be under a governor not elected by the people of Shariff Kabunsuan." Rep. Didagen Dilangalen of Shariff Kabunsuan, meanwhile, said "there is a need to declare vacant the position of governor, vice-governor, and board members in new Maguindanao province. There is no election held for the purpose of electing officials in the undivided Maguindanao. The election held there (Maguindanao) is an exercise in futility."
Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM) leaders on July 16, 2008 warned that the Court ruling would cause leadership problem and unemployment in the province, for it will cause some of the elected officials and government employees in Shariff Kabunsuan to lose their jobs. Sema v. Comelec reduced the number of provinces in ARMM to 5. ARMM is composed of Maguindanao, Tawi-Tawi, Sulu, Lanao del Sur, Basilan (excluding Isabela City) and the city of Marawi.
Maguindanao Gov. Andal Ampatuan, however, would welcome the judgment, for it reverted to the old province 2 crucial sources of income covered by Shariff Kabunsuan: the Parang seaport and Awang Airport in Datu Odin Sinsuat.
Shariff Kabunsuan Vice Governor Ibrahim Ibay said that "among those severely affected by the decision are the more than 400 government employees in his province, half of which used to work in the old Maguindanao provincial government. What will happen to them? We dreamed for a separate province and now it is voided."
The ruling may also affect the conduct of August automated election in the region, since Shariff Kabunsuan and Maguindanao are expected to use different kinds of machine for the elections. Maguindanao will use a direct recording electronic technology that uses a touch-screen technology for voting, while Shariff Kabunsuan, along with other ARMM provinces, will use optical mark reader technology, which will require voters to use a paper-based ballot to be fed to a machine.

</doc>
<doc id="18488532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488532" title="Mersey and Irwell Navigation">
Mersey and Irwell Navigation

The Mersey and Irwell Navigation was a river navigation in North West England, which provided a navigable route from the Mersey estuary to Salford and Manchester, by improving the course of the River Irwell and the River Mersey. Eight locks were constructed between 1724 and 1734, and the rivers were improved by the construction of new cuts several times subsequently. Use of the navigation declined from the 1870s, and it was ultimately superseded by the Manchester Ship Canal, the construction of which destroyed most of the Irwell section of the navigation and the long cut between Latchford and Runcorn.
History.
The idea that the Rivers Mersey and Irwell should be made navigable from the Mersey Estuary in the west to Manchester in the east was first proposed in 1660, and revived in 1712 by Thomas Steers. In 1720 the necessary bills were tabled. The Act of Parliament for the navigation was received in 1721. The construction work was undertaken by the Mersey & Irwell Navigation Company. Work began in 1724, and by 1734 boats "of moderate size" could make the journey from quays in Water Street, Manchester, to the Irish Sea. The navigation was suitable only for small ships, and during periods of drought, or when strong easterly winds held back the tide in the estuary, there was not always sufficient draft for a fully laden boat.
Eight weirs were constructed along the length of the route, and some short cuts were made around shallower parts of the river, with locks, to enable the passage of boats. Some difficult turns along the river were also removed.
The navigation was modified and improved on a number of occasions. A canal section known as the Runcorn and Latchford Canal was added in 1804, to bypass part of the lower reaches. In 1740 the company built quays and warehouses along Water Street in Manchester.
In 1779 a group of businessmen from Manchester and Liverpool purchased the navigation, and began making improvements. A difficult section below Howley lock was cut out by the building of the Runcorn to Latchford Canal, and at Runcorn a basin was built for boats to wait for the tide.
An aqueduct was built from Woolston Cut, to replace water lost from the locks that were used to raise boats into the new canal section.
The completion of the Bridgewater Canal in 1776, followed in 1830 by the opening of the Liverpool & Manchester Railway, meant increasing competition for the carriage of goods, and in 1844 the navigation was purchased on behalf of the Bridgewater Canal Company, for £550,800. In 1846 ownership was transferred to the Canal Company.
The company in charge of the navigation was known by several names. These include "The Old Navigation", "Old Quay Company", and "Old Quay Canal".
Decline.
In 1872, the navigation was sold to the newly formed Bridgewater Navigation Company for £1,112,000, but it had by then fallen into disrepair. In 1882 it was described as being "hopelessly choked with silt and filth", and was open to 50-ton boats for only 47 out of 311 working days.
Economic conditions deteriorated during the mid-1870s, in what has been called the Long Depression. The dues charged by the Port of Liverpool, and the railway charges from there to Manchester, were perceived to be excessive; it was often cheaper to import goods via Hull, on the other side of England, than it was to use Liverpool, about away. A ship canal was proposed as a way to reverse Manchester's economic decline by giving the city direct access to the sea for its imports and exports of manufactured goods.
Closure.
The construction of the Manchester Ship Canal obliterated large parts of the earlier navigation, including almost the whole of the Irwell part of the course (except for a short length upstream of Pomona Docks, which is the only surviving part of the navigation today).
A short way downstream of the confluence with the Mersey, the ship canal followed a more southerly course than the old navigation, which remained in use as late as 1950 from Rixton Junction downstream.
The lower reaches of the ship canal from Eastham to Latchford obliterated a large section of the Runcorn to Latchford Canal, leaving just a short stub joining the navigation to the Canal near Stockton Heath. The Woolston New Cut, excavated in 1821, is still visible although completely dry. Woolston Old Cut, built in 1755, still exists although the lock is gone.
Design and construction.
Locks.
There were originally eight locks along the navigation. Each lock chamber was 13 feet wide by 65 feet long.
Throstles Nest Lock was the highest on the navigation. It was followed by Mode Wheel lock. Lock 3 was at Barton-upon-Irwell, next to James Brindley's original Barton Aqueduct. The remains of the lock island appear to be situated in the same location as the island presently used for the swing aqueduct. Stickins Lock followed, located in a cut. There were further locks named Holmes Bridge, Calamanco, Holmes Bridge and finally Howley Tidal.
Further locks were added throughout the route's history. These include a new Stickins Lock, Sandywarps Lock in a cut located close to the confluence of the Irwell and Mersey, Butchersfield Locks (located on a short cut known as the Butchersfield Canal), Woolston New (located at the upper end of Woolston New Cut), Paddington Lock (lower end of Woolston New Cut), Woolston Old Lock, Latchford, and Old Quay Sea Locks.
References.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="18488540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488540" title="National Visitor Center">
National Visitor Center

The National Visitor Center was an ill-fated attempt to repurpose Washington, D.C.'s Union Station as an information center for tourists visiting the United States Capitol and other Washington attractions. It opened for the Bicentennial celebrations in 1976, but it never was able to attract enough crowds to sustain its operating costs, and it closed in 1978.
Conception and construction.
As American railroad travel declined in the years after World War II, Union Station fell into financial and physical disrepair, losing much of its former glory as "one of Washington's grandest public spaces" and leading to discussion of alternative uses for the building. In 1958, the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) and the Pennsylvania Railroad considered giving away the station or tearing it down and replacing it with an office building. In the early 1960s, government proposals for turning the station into a cultural center or railroad museum were rejected.
In 1967, the chairman of the U.S. Civil Service Commission expressed interest in using Union Station as a visitor center during the upcoming U.S. Bicentennial celebrations. The notion found a strong supporter in U.S. Representative Kenneth J. Gray. In 1968, Congress passed the National Visitor Center Facilities Act toward this end. President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the act into law to create a "central clearinghouse where a visitor can gather information about our many monuments, museums, and Government buildings". On March 12, 1968, the center was authorized into the hands of the National Park Service.
Funding for this was collected over the next six years, but progress was slowed by lawsuits, issues with contracts, and battles among Amtrak and the other railroads involved, Congress, the National Park Service, the Federal Railroad Administration, the Department of the Interior, and the Department of Transportation. Construction began in May 1974, and was rushed due to being behind schedule.
Features.
Reconstruction of the station included outfitting the famous Main Hall, with its 90-foot ceilings, with a recessed pit to display "Welcome to Washington", an expensive slide show presentation. This was officially the PAVE - the Primary Audio-Visual Experience, produced by the joint output of 100 Kodak Carousel slide projectors behind 100 screens, but was sarcastically referred to as “the Pit”. 
The center also featured two 175-seat movie theaters, multilingual information desks, an exhibit on first ladies, a Hall of States, a new parking garage, and a bookstore.
Opening and quick decline.
The entire project was completed, save for the parking garage, and opening ceremonies were held on July 4, 1976. But the expected large Bicentennial crowds failed to materialize. 
Time did not help; due to a lack of publicity and convenient parking, the National Visitor Center was never popular. To some, the problem was more basic; Senator Daniel Moynihan said, "What is the point of looking at slides of the U.S. Capitol when you can walk out the front door and see it?" By May 1978, the parking garage was still only half complete. On some days there were only a few dozen tourists who used the center. Two 175-seat movie theaters in the center played the film "Washington, City Out of Wilderness" to small handfuls of people. Total National Park Service expenditures for the National Visitor Center eventually ran to over $100 million, and some 20 congressional hearings were held about the project. The Pit, whose slide show was by now frequently turned off, became emblematic of the whole center's failure.
The lack of crowds meant the center could not sustain its operation. Following a 1977 General Accounting Office report indicating Union Station was in danger of imminent structural collapse, the National Park Service closed the presentation in “the Pit” on October 28, 1978.
Union Station afterward.
With the visitor center closed, the physical condition of the structure got worse. Parts of the roof collapsed and rain damage ensued, toadstools grew inside the main hall, and the whole station was sealed shut in 1981. Congress decided to save it by act, and control over the entity was transferred from the National Park Service to the Department of Transportation on December 29, 1981. Contractors soon covered over the unloved Pit, completed and expanded the unfinished parking garage, and refurbished the basement movie theaters. Union Station was eventually restored, expanded, and viably reopened in 1988 as both a busy train station and a popular commercial retail area. 
In retrospect, the National Visitor Center was viewed as a classic case of "federal tinkering" gone bad, "one of Washington's major embarrassments" and an idea that "failed miserably ... closed in disgrace". Along with the new parking garage, one National Park Service historian later wrote sardonically that the primary legacy of the National Visitor Center was "100 surplus Carousels".

</doc>
<doc id="18488550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488550" title="Yuri Adzhem">
Yuri Adzhem

Yuri Nikolayevich Adzhem (, ; born January 14, 1953 in Kerch) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Russian coach.
International career.
Adzhem made his debut for USSR on March 28, 1979 in a friendly against Bulgaria. He also played in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier against Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="18488557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488557" title="Brendan McGonigle">
Brendan McGonigle

Brendan O. McGonigle (18 May 1939 – 29 November 2007) was a reader in psychology at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. He received a BA (in 1961) and a PhD (in 1964) from Queen's University Belfast, Northern Ireland. In 1964 he did his postdoc at Durham University, moving in 1965 to lecture in experimental psychology at Oxford University. Following a stint as an assistant professor and NIH Research Associate at the Animal Behaviour Lab, Pennsylvania State University, he moved to the University of Edinburgh in 1969. Brendan died on 29 November 2007.
Brendan's main interest was in characterising the growth and dynamics of intelligent systems. Research on this involved comparative psychology, developmental psychology, robotics, and cognitive modelling, all integrated within one programme. Research with squirrel monkeys (Saimiri sciureus), capuchin monkeys (Cebus apella), and young children studied pre-linguistic competencies. Monkeys provided inspiration for robotic models of complex primate intelligence. A central focus was the search for cognitive tasks which could be used in animals and humans.
Brendan's work was borne from the animal learning culture of the 1960s, but he pioneered the study of more complex relational rule learning in animals by moving away from the simple two-choice discrimination paradigm characteristic of associationistic approaches to animal minds. A well known study with Margaret Chalmers published in Nature adapted a test of transitive reasoning for monkeys and showed that monkeys were capable of performing on these tasks at comparable levels of success to young children. The authors argued that both species were evincing rational choice based on linear ordering of information and later confirmed this using reaction time measures.
In his research, Brendan was concerned to allow monkeys long-term learning opportunities comparable to that available for children, and so his subsequent work with Cebus apella was a long and staged programme in which the monkeys were trained to seriate by size and classify by shape and colour up to 12 objects on a touch screen – a level of ordering competence that only emerges in human development at around 6/7 years of age and had never before been demonstrated in a non-human species.
The sequences achieved by Cebus apella have significance for the evolution of human language. Although the monkeys were trained on a core spine such as square, circle, triangle, they transferred to extended versions such as "touch all the stars, then all the triangles, then all the hexagons" with an ease that could not be predicted by simple association learning. They also nested size relations within these classes, choosing for example large star, middle sized star, small star, large hexagon, middle sized hexagon, etc. At the end of their training the monkeys were able to simultaneously maintain 4 different sequences that randomly alternated on different trials: 9 stars ordered by size, 9 hexagons ordered by size and 9 triangles ordered by size, as well as a 9 item set composed of all three shapes – also ordered by size. This is the first example of the acquisition of a complex hierarchical structure by a non-human primate and has been cited by Hauser and McDermott (2003) as a possible exception to the claim that only humans have "infinite productivity".

</doc>
<doc id="18488563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488563" title="José Ferrándiz y Niño">
José Ferrándiz y Niño

José Ferrándiz y Niño (1847–1918) was a Spanish soldier and politician who became a "vicealmirante" (vice admiral) in the Spanish Navy. He was born in Seville and died in Madrid.
He was teacher in the Floating Naval School (located in the old frigate "Asturias") in Ferrol. He was part of Rear Admiral Manuel De La Camara’s squadron (in command of a destroyer flotilla made up of "Audaz" (flagship), "Osado", and "Proserpina") when it was sent to Philippines during the Spanish-American War; the squadron was detained in Port Said, after a dispute with Egypt over permission to coal, and never reached its destination.
He reached the rank of capitán de navío (captain) in 1903, when he was appointed Minister of the Navy during Antonio Maura’s first government. He was in office again from 1907 to 1909. During this time, he enacted the law 7 January 1908 (Official paper nº 5, published 8 January 1908) for the building of a new squadron after the disastrous results of the Spanish-American War. Known as Ferrandiz’s Law, this authorized:
He also ordered the modernization of the Cartagena and Ferrol shipyard and construction of a new dry dock for ships of up to 20,000 t (required by the planned "España"s).
He was elected senador from Lérida in 1903 and from Málaga in 1907. In 1909, King Alfonso XIII named him senator for life.

</doc>
<doc id="18488570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488570" title="Static routing">
Static routing

Static routing is a form of routing that occurs when a router uses a manually-configured routing entry, rather than information from a dynamic routing protocol to forward traffic. In many cases, static routes are usually manually configured by a network administrator by adding in entries into a routing table, though this may not always be the case. Unlike dynamic routing, static routes are fixed and do not change if the network is changed or reconfigured. Static routing and dynamic routing are not mutually exclusive. Both dynamic routing and static routing are usually used on a router to maximise routing efficiency and to provide backups in the event that dynamic routing information fails to be exchanged. Static routing can also be used in stub networks, or to provide a gateway of last resort.
Uses.
Static routing may have the following uses:-
Disadvantages.
Static routing can have some potential disadvantages:-
Example.
To configure a static route to network 10.10.20.0/24, pointing to a next-hop router with the IP address of 192.168.100.1, type: (Note that this example is written in the Cisco IOS command line syntax and will only work on certain Cisco routers)
codice_1
The other option is to define a static route with reference to the outgoing interface which is connected to the next hop towards the destination network.
codice_2
References.
1

</doc>
<doc id="18488584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488584" title="Drachiella (alga)">
Drachiella (alga)

Drachiella is a genus of marine red alga. It has scaly thickenings; also "rhizoids fringing openings".
It is found below the kelp zone in areas exposed to moderate wave action; it is irrideccent, and consistes of a short, narrow stipe broadening into midribless thalli which reach 7cm in length. 
"Drachiella" exhibits diffuse intercalary and marginal growth, and rhizoids are common along the margins, which it uses for anchorage. Pit connections often link adjoining cells.

</doc>
<doc id="18488587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488587" title="Drosophila helvetica">
Drosophila helvetica

Drosophila helvetica is a rare European species of fruit fly from the family Drosophilidae. It seems to be associated with humid woodland habitat, and sometimes found near farms. 

</doc>
<doc id="18488593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488593" title="Alok Mehta">
Alok Mehta

Alok Mehta (आलोक मेहता) is a pioneer of Indian Hindi journalism.
Information.
He is presently editor-in-chief of National Dunia. He has been a former President of the Editors Guild of India. His 40 years in journalism career make a wide range of experience. He has worked in many prestigious media house like, "The Times of India" group, "Hindustan Times" group and "Outlook" group. He also worked in "Deutsche Welle' in Germany. He wrote several books in Hindi and English and traveled about forty countries.
Bibliography.
His is known for the popular book Bharat Me Patrakarita published by National Book Trust India which gives an overview of Indian journalism. Many believe he is also known for his pro congress views.

</doc>
<doc id="18488596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488596" title="Bojan Vučković">
Bojan Vučković

Bojan Vučković (born 1980) is a Serbian chess Grandmaster.
His current FIDE rating is 2630. He is also strong chess problemist holding title of International solving grandmaster.

</doc>
<doc id="18488603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488603" title="Canyamars">
Canyamars

Canyamars is one of the three villages that comprise the municipality of Dosrius, in the comarca of Maresme, Catalonia, Spain. It is situated in the base of the valley between the mountains of Corredor and Montalt.

</doc>
<doc id="18488625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488625" title="Rabbinical College of Canada">
Rabbinical College of Canada

Rabbinical College of Canada (also known as Yeshivas Tomchei Temimim Lubavitch), is a Chabad rabbinical institution of higher education. It is located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The Yeshiva provides rabbinical ordinations for its students (also known as "Tmimim") in the Chabad Hasidic community.
History.
Although the school was established by Rabbi Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn from New York in 1941, the yeshiva had an extensive history (not only in its hometown of Montreal, but in Eastern Europe as well). At one time, the school had one of the most respected rabbinical ordination programs, thanks to the tireless work and dedication of the late Rabbi Issac Schwei and Rabbi Pinchas Hirschsprung, whom were both notable Torah scholars in Montreal.
The history of the institution began with the arrival of 9 Yeshiva students from Shanghai, China who fled Poland during World War II. Another set of teachers and students arrived from a Canadian POW holding camp in New Brunswick, (Austrian Jewish citizens deported from England during the war).
Many of the students in the 1940s were immigrants who has fled Europe, establishing a small traditional Jewish community in Montreal. When first opened, the school had 24 students; a year later it had over 200 students. 
The school was initially located on Avenue du Parc, in the Plateau Mont Royal district. The current location is on 6405 Westbury Avenue on the corner of Avenue Plamondon in the Cote-des-Neiges district of Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="18488644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488644" title="Mikhail An">
Mikhail An

Mikhail Ivanovich An () (February 19, 1952 - August 11, 1979) was a Soviet football player of Korean ethnic origin. An was one of the FC Pakhtakor Tashkent players killed in the 1979 Dniprodzerzhynsk mid-air collision.
International career.
An made his debut for USSR on September 6, 1978 in a friendly against Iran and also played in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier against Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="18488657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488657" title="Corallinaceae">
Corallinaceae

The Corallinaceae are one of the two extant Coralline families of red algae; they are differentiated from the morphologically similar Sporolithaceae by their formation of grouped sporangial chambers, clustered into sori. The Corallinoideae is monophyletic; the other subfamilies form another monophyletic group.
Genera.
The following genera are listed in the World Register of Marine Species:

</doc>
<doc id="18488667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488667" title="Phymatolithon">
Phymatolithon

Phymatolithon is a genus of nongeniculate coralline red alga, known from the UK. and Australia It is encrusting, flat, and unbranched; it has tetrasporangia and bisporangia borne in multiporate conceptacles. Some of its cells bear small holes in the middle; this distinctive thallus texture is termed a ""Leptophytum"-type" thallus surface, and has been posited as a taxonomically informative character. It periodically sloughs off its epithallus, reducing its overgrowth by algae by as much as 50% compared to bare rock.

</doc>
<doc id="18488675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488675" title="Drosophila obscura">
Drosophila obscura

Drosophila obscura is a very abundant European species of fruit fly from the family Drosophilidae. It has been found in most habitat types with exception of coastal areas and open heathland. Larvae can be found in the sap runs of a number of deciduous trees.

</doc>
<doc id="18488691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488691" title="Greenock, South Australia">
Greenock, South Australia

Greenock is a small town on the north-west edge of the Barossa Valley. Located 66 km from Adelaide on the Sturt Highway (A20), Greenock is characterised by tree-lined streets with shady peppercorn trees which offer welcome relief from the blistering summers which are characteristic of the area.
The town was named by James Smith, the secretary of George Fifie Angas, after Greenock on the Clyde River in Scotland and is sometimes called "Little Scotland in the Barossa Valley". The town is also located on the famous Heysen Trail.
Residents.
According to the 2006 Census the population of the Greenock census area was 685 people. Approximately 51.4% of the population were male, 82.9% are Australian born, over 92.6% of residents are Australian citizens and 0% were native born indigenous people. The most popular industries for employment were Beverage Manufacturing (17.4%), Packaging Services, Fruit and Tree Nut Growing and School Education (all 3.5%), while the unemployment rate is approx 5.3%. The median weekly household income is A$1,057 or more per week, compared with $924 in Adelaide. 29.6% of the population identify themselves as Lutheran, while a slightly lower 21.9% identify with no religion at all.

</doc>
<doc id="18488704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488704" title="Hope micropolitan area">
Hope micropolitan area

The Hope Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in the U.S. state of Arkansas, anchored by the city of Hope.
As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 33,542 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 32,191).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 33,542 people, 12,852 households, and 9,099 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 64.35% White, 30.60% African American, 0.41% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 3.18% from other races, and 1.31% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.25% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $27,792, and the median income for a family was $33,589. Males had a median income of $26,859 versus $17,652 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $14,144.

</doc>
<doc id="18488709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488709" title="Minami-Nagareyama Station">
Minami-Nagareyama Station

Lines.
Minami-Nagareyama Station is served by the orbital Musashino Line, which runs between and , and by the Tsukuba Express line, which runs from in Tokyo and in Ibaraki Prefecture. The station is number 10 on the Tsukuba Express line.
Station layout.
JR East.
The JR East station consists of two elevated side platforms serving two tracks, with a bi-directional centre track used for freight services.
Tsukuba Express.
The Tsukuba Express station consists of an underground island platform serving two tracks. The platforms were approximately 125 m long when built, to accommodate 6-car trains.
History.
Minami-Nagareyama Station opened on 1 April 1973.
The Tsukuba Express station opened on 24 August 2005, coinciding with the opening of the line.
The Tsukuba Express platforms are scheduled to be lengthened by 40 m in either direction by autumn 2012 to allow the train stopping positions to be offset, thus reducing platform crowding during peak periods.

</doc>
<doc id="18488716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488716" title="1994 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles">
1994 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles

Henrik Holm and Anders Järryd were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals to Boris Becker and John McEnroe.
Jeremy Bates and Jonas Björkman won in the final 6–4, 6–1, against Jacco Eltingh and Paul Haarhuis.

</doc>
<doc id="18488722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488722" title="Lee Sang-Hyup">
Lee Sang-Hyup

Lee Sang-Hyup (; born 3 August 1986 in Yongin, Gyeonggi) is a South Korean footballer, who plays as winger for Sangju Sangmu Phoenix in K-League. Both accuracy and strength that perfect left-foot are once evaluated as best in South Korea. His nickname is 'crazy left-foot'.
Club career.
In 2005, He debut in K-League for FC Seoul, and made a 2 appearances during 2 years, inclusive of the K-League Cup, but began to increase the number of appearances by starter player from Şenol Güneş became the new manager. He has contributed to the runner-up for 2008 K-League. 
He moved to Jeju United in 2010. In all competitions Lee scored 6 goals in 18 appearances for Jeju United.
On 29 July 2011, Lee joined Daejeon Citizen on loan from Jeju United.
Honours.
Club.
FC Seoul
Jeju United

</doc>
<doc id="18488724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488724" title="M. Thambi Durai">
M. Thambi Durai

M. Thambi Durai is a former union minister of India. He was a cabinet minister in Second Vajpayee Ministry. He was minister of Law, Justice and Company Affairs & Surface Transport from 1998 to 1999. He is a leader of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK). He was first elected to Lok Sabha in 1984 from Dharmapuri. He was elected to 9th Lok Sabha, 12th Lok Sabha and 15th Lok Sabha. He was deputy speaker of Lok Sabha from 1985 to 1989. 
BCET

</doc>
<doc id="18488726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488726" title="John Nicolson (journalist)">
John Nicolson (journalist)

John Nicolson is a Scottish television newscaster and journalist based in London. He has reported for and presented many high profile network news shows in Britain.
Early life.
Born in Glasgow, Nicolson was educated at Hutchesons' Grammar School and the University of Glasgow, graduating with an MA (hons.) in English literature and politics. He was awarded a Kennedy Scholarship for post graduate study in the United States, and was Harkness Fellow in American Government at the Kennedy School of Government, Harvard. 
As a student he first captured press attention by winning, in the same year, both the Observer Mace (now the John Smith Memorial Mace), and the World Universities Debating Championship at Princeton, New Jersey. He returned to the Glasgow University Union in 2012 to debate against other former World Universities' Championship winners.
He was recruited from Harvard by Senator Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan (Democrat, New York) to work as a speech writer on Capitol Hill.
Broadcasting career.
BBC.
As a student, Nicolson appeared on BBC Scotland's "Mr Speaker Sir". His network broadcasting career began with the BBC youth DEF II programme Open to Question in 1988. In the same year he made the landmark documentary 'A Question of Consent' for BBC 'Public Eye'.
After moving to London he reported for a variety of heavyweight BBC programmes including "On the Record", Panorama, Assignment, "The Late Show", and numerous live general election, European election, and budget programmes. He was a reporter on "Newsnight" for three years, and presented "Watchdog Healthcheck" on BBC1.
Appointed the main studio presenter on the BBC's Breakfast News he was credited with sharpening the programme's political interviewing, whilst at the same time introducing a more relaxed style which saw the Corporation overtake its commercial rival GMTV for the first time.
Nicolson was the studio presenter for the BBC on 11 September 2001 as the Twin Towers collapsed, anchoring live on BBC News 24 and BBC One - a broadcast which won the BBC a Foreign Press Association award for best breaking news coverage.
ITV.
After more than ten years at the BBC, Nicolson moved to ITV where he presented "Live with John Nicolson", a three hour morning news magazine on the ITV News Channel.
Other media work.
Nicolson has guest reported on "Holiday", has presented his own radio show with Jane Moore on LBC 97.3 and has been a panellist on Radio 4's long running comedy show "The News Quiz". He appeared as himself in "The Trial of Tony Blair". He has been a regular contributor to the ABC network radio programme "The John Batchelor Show."
He writes extensively about architecture and design, as well as politics and travel.
Personal life.
In 2001, Nicolson was the first prominent UK news presenter to announce that he was gay and in a long term relationship.
John Nicolson lives in Spitalfields, London, in a Huguenot silk weaver's house which he has restored from dereliction.

</doc>
<doc id="18488743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488743" title="Hare Ram">
Hare Ram

Hare Ram is a 2008 Telugu movie directed by Harshavardhan, and produced by Kalyan Ram, under N.T.R. Arts. Kalyan Ram plays the lead role while Priyamani, Ali, Brahmanandam, Kota Srinivasa Rao and Raghu Babu play supporting roles. Mickey J Meyer was the music director, "C. Ram Prasad" handled cinematography, and was edited by "Gowtham Raju". The film was released on 18 July 2008. This movie is the next best hit for Kalyan Ram after "Athanokkade" which was a blockbuster.
Plot.
The film is about an IPS officer Hari (Kalyan Ram) who is busy investigating the murders of a news reporter (Prabhakar) and a well known doctor (Rajeev Kanakala) and then discovers that these are the murders done by his twin Ram (also Kalyan Ram).
The story goes that Ram has a problem with his brain and is unable to control his hyper emotions about few things which makes him a beast at times. He would not even hesitate to kill and does not like anyone being praised or belittling him. In this process, he builds a grudge against his own brother who is good at everything and tries to kill him right during their childhood. Their mother (Seetha) is unable to tolerate all this and takes it upon herself to change Ram, so she takes him away from Hari to avoid further hatred but then not much change happens in the nature of Ram even after they grow up. Meanwhile, Hari is often chased by Anjali (Priyamani) who poses as a bank employee but in truth she is actually a CBI officer who comes to arrest Hari since she suspects his hand in the killings. Apparently, the doctor happens to be the younger brother of the health minister Siva Reddy (Kota Srinivasa Rao) and from then on the minister is closely on the heels of the killer. Anjali finally manages to arrest Hari successfully through a plan of hers and soon she realizes her folly when she chances upon his mother and understands the entire story of Hari and Ram.
Ram is initially thought to have committed the murders. Here comes a twist! Sravani (Sindhu Tolani), a journalist (Ram's love interest) was jointly killed by the channel owner and the health minister when she exposes their plans of running a health mafia. Ram attacked the doctor to seek revenge. The doctor injected Ram with the deadly virus and Ram, deciding to sacrifice himself to save the people around him, fell under Hari's car. He then asked Hari to shoot him to save the others. Hari shot him with no other alternative left. He then decided to kill the culprits by impersonating Ram. Hari is released from jail by the court for the purpose of catching. He then kidnaps the Health Minister in a van and takes him to a lonely place. When the policemen and the others gather there, Hari escapes from the van by means of the sewage pipe and gets into the public. He then triggers a bomb in the van. Ram's mother thinks that Ram sacrificed his life for the country and feels proud of him. The films ends with Hari explaining the taxi driver (Brahmanandam), how he escaped from CBI custody.

</doc>
<doc id="18488770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488770" title="Merhavia (kibbutz)">
Merhavia (kibbutz)

Merhavia (, "lit." Great Enlargement – God) is a kibbutz in northern Israel, near the city Afula. The name Merhavia is derived from the Book of Psalms 118:5;
Out of my straits I called upon the LORD; .. answered me with great enlargement – God. (in the metaphorical sense: "God set me free." – The experience of the Jews immigrating to Israel and achieving a new homeland without the straits of persecution).
It falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council and in 2006 had a population of 759. 
The kibbutz was established in 1929 adjacent to moshav Merhavia (from which it took its name). The founders were members of Hashomer Hatzair who had immigrated from Galicia after World War I and had been living in Haifa, including Eliezer Peri, who later represented Mapam in the Knesset.

</doc>
<doc id="18488782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488782" title="Palace of the Dukes of Cadaval">
Palace of the Dukes of Cadaval

The Palace of the Dukes of Cadaval is located in Évora historic centre, in Portugal, next-door to the Lóios Convent and Church (today a remarkable "Pousada") and facing the Roman Temple of the Goddess Diana. 
It belongs to the Duke of Cadaval family, and today it has a harmonious architectural elements combination: Moorish (Mudéjar), Gothic and Manueline period. The palace with its 17th-century façade is constituted in part by an old castle burnt in 1384. Today it is dominated by a tower called "Tower of the Five Shields".
This palace was used by the governor of the city of Évora and served, from time to time, as royal residence. The first-floor rooms house a collection manuscripts, family portraits and religious art from the 16th century, which can be visited by the public.

</doc>
<doc id="18488791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488791" title="The Last Moment">
The Last Moment

The Last Moment is a 1928 American drama film conceived and directed by Paul Fejos. The film starred Otto Matieson and Georgia Hale.
Fejos made "The Last Moment" on a budget of US$13,000. The film told its story without intertitles, which was very unusual for a silent film, and its use of double- and triple-exposures and expressionistic editing gave it a style that was not common for commercial releases of that period. Charlie Chaplin saw the film in a private screening and arranged for it to be theatrically released by United Artists. No print of "The Last Moment" is known to exist in any archive or private collection, and it is considered a lost film.
Plot.
A man drowns himself in lake. As he is dying, he recalls the crucial moments of his life and the incidents that led to his final, fatal decision. His unhappy childhood, his tumultuous decision to leave home and stow away on an ocean freighter, his unsuccessful attempts to become an actor, and his two tumultuous attempts at married life are relived. The film ends with the man walking towards the lake and wading deeper and deeper into its waters until he is no longer visible from the shore.
Reception.
"The Last Moment" received supportive reviews. Welford Beaton, writing in the "Film Spectator", announced: “Introducing to you Mr. Paul Fejos, Genius.” Beaton added Fejos’ film was “one of the most outstanding works of cinematic art that was ever brought to the screen.” Mordaunt Hall, writing in "The New York Times", stated the film displayed “a wonderful aptitude for true cinematic ideas” and “an enviable fund of imagination.”

</doc>
<doc id="18488797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488797" title="Ortek Therapeutics">
Ortek Therapeutics

Ortek Therapeutics, Inc. is a private healthcare company based in Roslyn Heights, New York which specializes in researching and commercializing oral care products. It was founded in 1998. 
To date, Ortek's commercial success is based on the company's patented AlkaGen Technology (an arginine bicarbonate/calcium carbonate complex). The Company plans on incorporating this technology in their sugarless soft chews, BasicBites. Arginine is a common amino acid found in many foods and is also naturally found in saliva. On tooth surfaces, arginine is broken down by certain pH rising plaque bacteria to acid-neutralizing alkali. This results in a sustained neutral or elevated oral plaque pH, which creates an optimal environment for remineralization of the teeth. The calcium component is available for enhanced remineralization and the bicarbonate, carbonate components also aids in buffering the teeth from acid attacks and support the activities of arginine and calcium. The AlkaGen technology, which is based on over 40 years of research in saliva chemistry, was licensed to the company by The Research Foundation of the State University of New York after being developed by Department of Oral Biology and Pathology at Stony Brook University. A 2008 clinical trial published in the "Journal of Clinical Dentistry" found that a confection with AlkaGen Technology was highly effective in preventing caries in Venezuelan children, as those consuming the confections had 62% less cavities than the placebo group. Ortek developed and commercialized two dental pastes for sensitive teeth and were based on the arginine bicarbonate/calcium carbonate technology. These products, DenClude and ProClude were sold to Colgate Palmolive in 2008. ProClude, is now called Colgate Sensitive Pro Relief Desensitizing Paste with Pro Argin Technology.
The company is also in late stage development of an electronic early cavity detector, called the Ortek ECD.

</doc>
<doc id="18488800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488800" title="Mott the Hoople discography">
Mott the Hoople discography

On this page you will find the complete discography of the rock band, Mott the Hoople. Over the years they have released seven studio albums, seven live albums, twelve compilation albums and 15 singles. The discographies of Mott and British Lions are also included because they are a continuation of Mott the Hoople (without Ralphs and Hunter, but featuring members of the original line-up of Mott the Hoople).

</doc>
<doc id="18488805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488805" title="British migration to Spain">
British migration to Spain

British migration to Spain has resulted in Spain being home to one of the largest British-born populations outside of the United Kingdom. Migration from the UK to Spain has increased rapidly since the late 1990s and the British population of Spain in 2006 was estimated to be about 761,000 (more than twenty-five times the population of Gibraltar). Of these, according to the BBC and contrary to popular belief, only about 21.5% are over the age of 65.
Demographics.
Population size.
In 2007, the officially registered British-born population of Spain numbered 315,000 (though various estimates place the true figure significantly higher, ranging from 700,000 to more than 1,000,000), constituting 8.09% of the foreign population and making Britain the fourth most common country from which immigrants to Spain originate (behind Morocco, Romania, and Ecuador).
Population distribution.
According to the data collected by the INE, the distribution of Britons in Spain is as follows
Social issues.
Academic research has shown that a section of the British population in Spain is poorly integrated into Spanish society. A survey of 340 British migrants in the Province of Málaga, for example, found that one third rarely or never met Spanish people, apart from in shops and restaurants, and that 60 per cent did not speak Spanish well. Moves are afoot to improve integration.

</doc>
<doc id="18488807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488807" title="Carillon (Elgar)">
Carillon (Elgar)

”Carillon” is a recitation with orchestral accompaniment written by the English composer Edward Elgar as his Op. 75, in 1914. The words are by the Belgian poet Émile Cammaerts.
It was first performed in the Queen's Hall, London, on 7 December 1914, with the recitation by Cammaerts' wife Tita Brand, and the orchestra conducted by the composer.
The work was performed in January 1915 at the London Coliseum with Henry Ainley, and at Harrogate on 28 August 1915, with the soprano the Hon. Mrs. Julian Clifford and a military band. The band arrangement was by Percy Fletcher.
On 15 August 1918, "Carillon" and "Le drapeau belge" were performed with success at a popular concert in Prospect Park, Brooklyn, with the recitations by the Belgian dramatic artist Carlo Liten.
History.
History records the reasons why Germany invaded and occupied "neutral" Belgium in August 1914, and the horrific events which followed when Belgium showed armed resistance: cities and people were destroyed, and the country put to almost complete ruin. King Albert and his army resisted but were quickly forced back to West Flanders on the French side of the country. There was much national sympathy: in London, at Christmas, a patriotic anthology called "King Albert's Book" ("A tribute to the Belgian King and people from representative men and women throughout the world") was organised by Hall Caine with contributions from leading artists, writers and musicians. Elgar was asked to contribute, and he remembered reading in "The Observer" a poem by Émile Cammaerts. Cammaerts was married to Tita Brand, the daughter of the singer Marie Brema who had sung in the first performance of Elgar's "Dream of Gerontius", and Elgar had her immediate approval for the use of the poem.
Elgar's friend and candid biographer, Rosa Burley, recalled:
Elgar took Miss Burley's advice, and set the poem as narratives and recitatives interspersed with orchestral interludes.
Miss Burley was present at the premiere by Tita Brand at Queen's Hall, and related how it had to be arranged for her state to be hidden from the audience:
The version for voice with piano accompaniment was published, with the French words only, in "King Albert's Book.
Music.
An obvious characteristic of the music is the downward scale of four notes in the bass (B, A, G, F), which is a repeated accompaniment ("ostinato") through the whole of the introduction before the first words are recited. The work is written in a triple metre. The opening tune is confident and waltz-like, and the accents of the scale motif, like a repeated peal of church bells, never coincide with the natural waltz rhythm: it is the three-pulse of the waltz against the four of the bell motif. When the bell motif is not in the bass it is found elsewhere, high up, having changed places with a brilliant passage of triplets now in the bass. When the music does stop, it is a call for attention to the spoken poem.
Elgar's vigorous waltz-like tune is memorable, is in effect a song without words; and his orchestration perfectly appropriate. Both words and music are powerful, and the work succeeds remarkably by their contrast and support of each other.
Lyrics.
The original words are in French, with the English translation by Tita Brand. 
The recitation starts after an orchestral introduction.

</doc>
<doc id="18488827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488827" title="Vladimir Astapovsky">
Vladimir Astapovsky

Vladimir Aleksandrovich Astapovsky () (July 16, 1946 – April 12, 2012) was a Soviet football player. He was born in Bryansk.
International career.
Astapovsky made his debut for USSR national football team on November 29, 1975 in a friendly against Romania. He played in the qualifiers for the 1978 FIFA World Cup, but his nation did not qualify.

</doc>
<doc id="18488828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488828" title="Jarl-Thure Eriksson">
Jarl-Thure Eriksson

Jarl-Thure Eriksson (born 5 November 1944 in Hammarland in Åland, Finland) is Doctor of Science in Technology, Professor of Electrical Engineering and Rector of Tampere University of Technology (TUT) in Finland between the years 1997–2008. During Eriksson’s period as rector, the University expanded vigorously and its scientific publishing activity amplified. Due to his scientific merits, Eriksson has been a member of the Finnish Academy of Technology since 1989 and of the Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences in Finland since 1997. His perhaps most significant position of trust outside the University is membership in the Governing Board of the Millennium Prize Foundation since 2003. He is currently Chancellor of Åbo Akademi University in Turku, Finland.
Career.
Eriksson studied electrical engineering at Helsinki University of Technology (TKK). In the 1970s, he worked as researcher at TKK’s Low Temperature Laboratory, led by Academy professor Olli Lounasmaa. His research area was superconductivity-based electromagnetic applications, particularly superconducting electric machines. Applications of this research include Finland’s large ice-breakers in the 1970s.
In his licentiate thesis in 1976, Eriksson discussed the general design principles of superconducting electric motors and presented a solution to a key problem, namely the transfer of high electric currents between the stator and rotor, and a tentative design for a superconducting motor. The design was implemented in a joint project by TKK and the VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland between the years 1977-1979. The 100-kilowatt motor SUMO was Finland’s first and fourth in the world. Due to its current transfer solution, the motor had a wide speed regulation range, which was a key aim in ice-breaker propulsion. In his doctoral dissertation, examined in 1982 at TKK, Eriksson discussed the current transfer system of the SUMO motor, and whirl and instability phenomena in the turbulent flow of liquid metals.
Eriksson worked as associate professor at TKK in 1979. A year later he transferred to the same position to TUT. In 1987, he was appointed full professor at TUT by invitation. Eriksson continued superconductivity research in Tampere, with an aim of utilizing superconductivity in energy technology. In the late 1980s, Eriksson established a development programme related to wind generators, which lead to the construction of a prototype generator based on permanent magnets. Wind power research has later yielded several doctoral dissertations at TUT.
Between the years 1985-86, Eriksson worked as visiting professor at KTH in Stockholm, Sweden, and launched a hybrid car project in cooperation with ASEA (later ABB). The first step of the project was the development of a gas turbine operated high-speed generator by researchers Peter Chudi and Anders Malmquist under the direction of Eriksson. During a further stage of the project, the combination was installed in Volvo’s ECC hybrid car which was successfully introduced in the early 1990s.
Energy research directed Eriksson’s attention to future studies. Prior to his election as rector, Eriksson’s positions included chairmanship in the Finnish Society for Future Studies. As the subject matter required better understanding of extensive systems, Eriksson generated a series of lectures on complex and chaotic systems and the modelling of emergent growth systems. His research focus shifted to the pragmatic interpretations of chaos theory and the utilization of neural network calculation in foresight tasks, such as the optimized control of a wind power plant based on wind forecast or the utilization of the brain’s alpha wave in predicting epileptic attacks.
In Eriksson’s view, the understanding and modelling of complex systems required better understanding of the human mental functions. In his article “Impact of information compression on intellectual activities in the brain” in 1996 Eriksson presented an information theory based model for cognition. According to the model, humans perceive the real world through the representations of neural networks that are formed by cumulating experiences and learning processes. When brain functions are active, the cerebral cortex processes large volumes of information. Conscious thought is a result of a massive information compression process, which originates from external sensations, such as sight and hearing, or from internal thoughts or associations, and is governed by the context and the emotional state. The condensation of relevant information, which takes place in the subconscious, generates instructions for reactions as well as new cognitive input for the cortex. A conscious thought itself should be considered as the control feedback of what the subconscious has already determined.

</doc>
<doc id="18488837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488837" title="Leipzig University of Applied Science">
Leipzig University of Applied Science

The Leipzig University of Applied Sciences is a Fachhochschule in Leipzig, Germany. With about 7,000 (2012) students, it is the biggest University of Applied Sciences in Saxony.

</doc>
<doc id="18488886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488886" title="Malcolm Smith (climber)">
Malcolm Smith (climber)

Malcolm Smith (born 1973) is an elite rock climber born in Dunbar, Scotland. He is the brother of Scottish Visual Artist Sandy Smith.
Climbing since 1988, he has developed an impressive list of repeated hard climbs, notably repeating Ben Moon's 1990 testpiece "Hubble" at Raven Tor aged only 18. Smith is particularly known for his commitment to tough training regimes and for his focus on bouldering: one of only a handful of climbers to have repeated the classic "Dreamtime" at Cresciano, he has also created new problems up to Font 8b+ such as "Monk Life" in Northumberland and "Pilgrimage" at Parisella's cave in North Wales.
Smith has also competed internationally and is sponsored by Scarpa and Moon Climbing.
Films.
Smith's training techniques were the subject of the black and white short film "Splinter" by Slackjaw Films. This was originally included as a free extra on their DVD "Blood, Sweat and Bagels", but has since come to be regarded as a classic climbing short in its own right.

</doc>
<doc id="18488888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488888" title="Qalqas">
Qalqas

Qalqas or Qilqis () is a Palestinian village located four kilometers south of Hebron and adjacent to Beit Hagai. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,149 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18488916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488916" title="Camden, Arkansas micropolitan area">
Camden, Arkansas micropolitan area

The Camden Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in the U.S. state of Arkansas, anchored by the city of Camden.
As of the 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 34,534 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 30,628).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 34,534 people, 13,930 households, and 9,699 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 62.20% White, 36.10% African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.21% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.37% from other races, and 0.85% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.86% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $28,890, and the median income for a family was $35,192. Males had a median income of $30,665 versus $18,126 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $15,337.

</doc>
<doc id="18488917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488917" title="Targetoid">
Targetoid

In medicine, targetoid is a structure or lesion that has the appearance of a target or is target-like.
Examples:

</doc>
<doc id="18488919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488919" title="Adam Smith Prize">
Adam Smith Prize

The Adam Smith Prize are two prizes for best performance in the Part IIB Economics Tripos examinations and dissertation at the University of Cambridge, Cambridge, England. Previously the prize, established in 1891, was awarded triennially for best submitted essay on a subject of the writer's choice.

</doc>
<doc id="18488939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488939" title="James Hawksley">
James Hawksley

James Hawksley (born 5 February 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Lions in Australian Football League (AFL).
Hawksley played most of his junior football with Safety Bay Junior Football Club before moving to Mandurah Centrals JFC. He later played with Peel Thunder in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).
Brisbane Lions.
Hawksley was drafted to the Brisbane Lions with the 38th selection in the 2006 AFL Draft.
He made his debut against in June 2008, round 11. He had 6 disposals (3 handball and kicks) and 2 marks. However, he was dropped next match and returned to Suncoast Lions. Despite his drop from the first team, he continued to impress in AFLQ and was named many times for emergencies for the first team. He eventually won his way back into the senior team following strong form in the QAFL and played in Rounds 19 and 20 of the 2008 season against Hawthorn and the Western Bulldogs where he collected 14 and 17 possessions respectively.
In 2009 he played in every NAB Cup match before struggling to edge his way in to the senior side. Finally in round 18 he made his return to the senior side against and kept his spot until the end of the home and away season. In the finals series he was a strong contributor with 9 possessions against the Blues and then saved his best game for 2009 for the match against the Bulldogs where he amassed 15 possessions and made 5 tackles. In 2010 he played a further 11 games, but also spent some time out of the senior team. He re-signed with the Lions in September 2010, but was delisted at the end of the 2012 AFL season. He has since returned to Western Australia and is playing for Peel Thunder.

</doc>
<doc id="18488941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488941" title="25th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing">
25th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing

The 25th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing (TRW) is an inactive United States Air Force wing. Its last duty assignment was at Chambley-Bussieres Air Base, France.
History.
The wing's lineage and honors can be traced not just through its own history, but through the history of two World War II organizations, the 25th Bombardment Group (Heavy) and the 25th Bombardment Group, Reconnaissance.
World War II.
25th Bombardment Group (Medium).
Constituted as 25th Bombardment Group (Heavy) on 22 December 1939, but not activated (at Langley Field, Virginia) until 1 February 1940, this new Group was destined to spend virtually its entire existence in the Antilles Islands. Following training at Langley Field on early Boeing B-17B Flying Fortresses, these were flown to the West Coast and exchanged for older Douglas B-18s and early model Northrop A-17s, and the group was reassigned to Borinquen Field, Puerto Rico on 26 October 1940, the surface echelon arriving at San Juan aboard the USAT Hunter Liggett on 31 October. The air echelon arrived at Borinquen Field on 3 November 1940, two days after the ground troops.
The air echelon consisted of:
The Group was assigned to the 13th Composite Wing from 31 December 1940. The Destroyers for Bases Agreement with Great Britain of 1940 had provided virtually the entire reason for being of the 25th and 40th Bombardment Groups, it being visualized by USAAC planners that these two Groups would take up positions at the newly acquired bases as soon as practical to aid the Navy in extending the so-called Neutrality Patrol of the immediate period preceding the U.S. entry into World War II.
Although elements of the Group operated up and down the Antilles chain as the new bases were being developed, it wasn't until 27 October 1941 that the 35th Bombardment Squadron finally departed for Coolidge Field, Antigua, British West Indies. The 12th Bombardment Squadron departed the same day for Benedict Field on St. Croix. leaving the Group headquarters and the 10th Bombardment Squadron at Borinquen.
In late November 1941, all effective 25th Bomb Group aircraft were marshalled at Coolidge Field with the 35th Bomb Squadron where they were to serve as the strike force to be used against the Vichy French island of Martinique. After the Pearl Harbor Attack, the group's missions was anti-submarine duties in the Caribbean. In this, the Group was aided by 53 Squadron, RAF, to a certain extent. The Group was, by war's end, officially credited with two submarine kills.
The 27th Reconnaissance Squadron was assigned to the Group (although it had been Attached to the group as early as 25 September 1941, this unit being redesignated as the 417th Bombardment Squadron on 7 May 1942 . The Group was formally re-designated as the 25th Bombardment Group (Medium) on 7 May also. As Borinquen Field became more crowded as the war progressed, and as the bulk of the units squadrons were in fact operating by then far to the south, Group Headquarters was moved to Edinburgh Field, Trinidad on 1 November 1942, together with the 10th Bomb Squadron.
By late 1943, the group's mission was taken over by the United States navy and was for all intents and purposes defunct. It was returned to the United States in April 1944, and was reassigned to Second Air Force. Re-equipped with B-17s and programmed for overseas deployment to Europe. This deployment was cancelled in June 1944 and the group was disbanded, with planes and personnel being sent to Europe as replacements.
25th Bombardment Group, Reconnaissance.
The 25th Bombardment Group (Reconnaissance) was formed at RAF Cheddington, England as the 8 Reconnaissance Group (Special)(Provisional) on 22 March, then changed to 802d Reconnaissance Group (Special)(Provisional) on 30 March 1944, and transferred to Watton on 12 April 1944. On 9 August 1944, the 802 RG(P) was redesignated as the 25th BG(R). Assigned squadrons were:
The 652d Bombardment Squadron originated as a provisional weather recon unit that was formed on 31 August 1943, and transferred to RAF St Eval in Cornwall with B-17 Flying Fortresss on 8 September 1943 for conducting meteorological fights over the Atlantic Ocean. On 25 October 1943 it was formalized at St. Mawgan as Detachment "A" of a newly formed Combat Weather Detachment, 1st CCRC Bovingdon. On 23 November 1943 the unit moved to RAF Bovingdon after flying 231 weather sorties. At Bovington, the squadron was reorganized as the 8th Weather Reconnaissance Squadron on 28 March 1944, then transferred to Watton on 12 April 1944.
With the 25th, the 652d flew mainly B-17Gs. It also had B-24 Ds and B-24 Hs. Its missions were long-range weather flights over the Atlantic labeled 'Epicure' which flew a box pattern 700 miles out over the Atlantic. Weather readings were taken every 50 miles at heights varying from 50 to 30,000 feet. The average flight time for these flights was over 12 hours. For thirteen months the 652d Bomb Squadron maintained an average of 1.5 aircraft in the air over the Atlantic at all hours of the day and night, and for the last nine months of the war the average exceeded two aircraft in the air for all hours of the day and night.
The 653d Bombardment Squadron (Light) used the British de Havilland Mosquito. Pilots for the Mosquitos came from former P-38 Lightning pilots of the 50th Fighter Squadron transferred from the 342d Composite Group based in Iceland. They flew completely unarmed, relying on their speed and altitude to keep out of trouble. Their missions were not flown in groups but as lone aircraft with a pilot, and a navigator trained in meteorology. The 653d flew 1,131 meteorological flights over occupied Europe which were labeled 'Bluestocking'. They would penetrate the far reaches of Eastern Germany, Austria and points south. They also flew scouting missions ahead of the bomber force labeled 'Scout'. They would arrive over the target some 20 minutes ahead of the bombers reporting weather conditions, cloud level and enemy fighter activity. If the primary target was abandoned because of weather conditions they would move to the second or third target and begin again. As the bombers came in they would move out of the target area returning later to photograph the results. They also flew several shuttle runs as part of Operation Frantic to Soviet Air Bases in Ukraine. These performed the same functions as the scout missions, only this time they flew from England to Ukraine bombing targets in Eastern Germany on the way. At the Russian air bases the aircraft were refuelled and the bombers re-armed. From there, they took off for Fifteenth Air Force bases in Southern Italy, again bombing targets in Eastern Europe en route. In Italy the tanks and bomb bays were filled and they left Italy for England, flying over Occupied France once more bombing targets en route.
They flew LORAN calibration flights labeled 'Skywave' over Europe,the Balkans to middle of the Black Sea. The Mosquito provided a platform labeled 'Redtail' for Comba Wing leaders to fly along the bomber stream to the target, inspecting and directing bomber formation integrity.
Also, the 653d Bomb Squadron used its Mosquito aircraft in electronic-countermeasure missions in which chaff was spread to confuse enemy defences during Allied attacks. This duty was transferred to 654th Bomb Squadron, labeled 'Graypea'.
The 654th Bombardment Squadron (Special) flew aerial photographic reconnaissance missions. The greatest number of these were night photography flights labeled 'Joker'. These flights were, to say the least, difficult. Unless there was a moon, the target had to be found in the dark using special navigation equipment and the navigator's equations. For medium altitude photography, Mosquitos were flown at 12,000 feet and at 270 mph ground speed. For the light source they used M46 photo flash bombs, each giving off 700 million candle power. The 654th also flew daylight photography missions labeled 'PRU'.
Perhaps the most remarkable flights flown by the 654th were the Joan-Eleanor Project missions. 'Redstocking' was the label given to top secret missions flown for the OSS (Office of Strategic Services. The purpose of the JE missions was to pick up and record radio reports from agents who had been dropped into occupied Europe by the 492d Bombardment Group based at RAF Harrington.
A special radio system had been developed in the United States by Steve Simpson and De Witt Goddard. This system gave very little side-scatter of radio waves, thus making it difficult for the Germans to detect. The Mosquito flew to a designated arranged pinpoint at an altitude of 27,000 to 30,000 feet until the crew located the agent and they would then record his messages on wire before returning home.
After the German Capitulation in May 1945, the 25th Bombardment Group returned to the United States, being assigned to Third Air Force at Drew Army Airfield, Florida during July–August 1945. Under Third Air Force, the group began transition training to A-26 Invaders to be used against Japan. The end of the war in early September led to the units inactivation on 8 September 1945.
The group flew a total of 3,370 sorties for the loss of 26+ aircraft. 84+ men killed in action and 11 men became prisoners of war.
Cold War.
The 25th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing was activated on 1 July 1965 at Chambley-Bussieres Air Base, France as part of USAFE. Upon activation, the wing absorbed the 19th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron and 42d Electronic Countermeasures Squadron. The squadrons were transferred from Toul-Rosieres AB, where they operated as a detachment of the 10th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing, based at RAF Alconbury, UK.
The 25th flew variants of the B-66 "Destroyers" on photo reconnaissance and electronic warfare missions. The 42d flew RB-66Cs that had a seven-man crew. Its primary mission was electronic reconnaissance, commonly called "Ferret" operations; the ECM operators were known as "Ravens" The 19th flew RB-66Bs with a three-man crew and the mission of day and night photography. Both squadrons flew its aircraft with a natural aluminum finish, the differences being that the 19th carried a red band on the engine nacelle; the 42d carrying a blue band. The 19th operated 20 aircraft; the 42d operated 12.
Having been reassigned from other wings, both the 19th and 42d were familiar with their missions and aircraft. But the wing was kept busy training newly assigned support personnel to operate and maintain the base. One major drawback of the B-66 was pilot training. It was always a problem because the B-66 was a single pilot aircraft and dual checkout was impossible. A large B-66 analog electronic flight-crew simulator built by Curtis Wright was very useful for checkout of the flight deck crew: pilot, navigator/camera operator, and gunner. Training the RB-66C ECM operators was more difficult since the USAF had not purchased a comparable electronic warfare simulator for their ground training. Thorough training in the RB-66B camera system was critical to accomplish the mission. The system was complex, involving three cameras, camera compartment temperature and pressure controls, flash bomb and camera shutter intervalometers, a universal camera control unit, a stabilized camera mount, and flash bomb bay operation. Later electronic warfare jamming transmitters were added to the RB-66s, increasing the mission workload.
Day and night photographic training was hindered by the 1965 ruling made by the French government that prohibited aerial photography over their country. This forced photo missions to West Germany and Great Britain. Night photography was limited since suitable ranges for dropping the M-120, and M-122 photo flash bombs were not available after the close of the USAFE Moroccan air bases.
The escalation of the conflict in Southeast Asia prompted the establishment of Detachment 1 of the 42d Electronic Countermeasures Squadron at Takhli RTAFB during February 1966. 6 of its B-66's were deployed on Temporary Duty to Thailand from Chambley to this new theater of operations.
On 7 March 1966, French President Charles De Gaulle announced that France would withdraw from NATO's integrated military structure. The United States was informed that it must remove its military forces from France by 1 April 1967. As a result of this, on 22 August 1966 the 42d Electronic Countermeasures Squadron was inactivated at Chambley and the majority of the aircrews, including sixteen EWOs and ten RB-66Cs were sent to the 432d Tactical Reconnaissance Wing based at Takhli RTAFB, Thailand. A few of the EB-66 aircraft were flown to Douglas Aircraft's Tulsa, Oklahoma plant for additional ECM equipment and camouflage painting before going to Southeast Asia.
About 1 August 1966 the 19th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron (Photo) was ordered to move its twenty RB-66Bs to Shaw Air Force Base, South Carolina, and was assigned to the 363d Tactical Reconnaissance Wing. It flew its RB-66Bs from Chambley to Moron AB, Spain, then after refueling, it flew nonstop to Shaw with the aid of three air-to-air refuelings. Officially the 19th TRS was to became another of USAFE's dual-based units (units based in the U.S. but available for operations in Europe). Actually the squadron and its RB-66Bs were needed to train aircrews for the expanding combat operations over the skies of Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War.
On 15 October 1966 USAFE inactivated the 25th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing at Chambley as part of the USAF pullout from France.
Lineage.
25th Bombardment Group (Medium)
25th Tactical Reconnaissance Group
25th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing

</doc>
<doc id="18488944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488944" title="Sal River">
Sal River

Sal River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18488968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488968" title="Peter Browne">
Peter Browne

Peter Browne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18488979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488979" title="Al-Heila">
Al-Heila

al-Heila () is a Palestinian village located eight kilometers south of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,277 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18488987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488987" title="Sal River (India)">
Sal River (India)

The Sal River is a small river in Salcete, Goa in India. The river opens near Margao and passes through the villages of Benaulim, Navelim, Varca, Orlim, Carmona, Dramapur, Chinchinim, Assolna, Cavelossim, Mobor and drains itself into the Arabian Sea at Betul.
Local residents of Benaulim have been complaining to the Government since 2008 about pollution and the dumping of garbage into the river and residents of Carmona have raised a Greenpeace petition to stop a "mega-housing project" which it is feared will add to the pollution.

</doc>
<doc id="18488998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18488998" title="Charles Daggs">
Charles Daggs

Charles Daniel Daggs (April 14, 1901 – February 12, 1976) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Tempe, Arizona and died in San Diego, California.
In 1920 he finished sixth in the 400 metre hurdles event.

</doc>
<doc id="18489003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489003" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Chittagong">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chittagong

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chittagong () is a diocese located in the city of Chittagong in the Ecclesiastical province of Dhaka in Bangladesh. The Diocese of Chittagong comprises the 17 Civil Districts of Chittagong, Cox's Bazar, Bandarban, Rangamati, Khagrachori, Noakhali, Feni, Laxmipur, Bhola, Patuakhali, Pirojpur, Barisal, Jhalakathi, Borguna, Gopalganj, Madaripur and Shariatpur.
History.
The early history of the Church goes back to 1537 A.D. when there were Catholics in the Portuguese settlement of 'Dianga' in areas that now form part of the Diocese of Chittagong. The first churches were set up in 1600 in what now forms Diang and the city of Chittagong.
Jesuit Father Francesco Fernandez, who came to 'Dianga' (Chittagong) in 1598, and who was blinded and tortured and died in captivity on November 14, 1602, is the Bengal's first martyr. In 1845 Chittagong became the seat of the first Vicar Apostolic of Eastern Bengal, and later the administration was transferred to Dhaka. Noakhali was also the first place to have the Holy Cross missionaries who arrived there in June, 1853.
The Diocese of Chittagong was canonically erected on May 25, 1927, taking away a good half of the territory that comprised the then Diocese of Dhaka. The Diocese then comprising Chittagong, Noakhali, Barisal, Gournadi, Narikelbari, Haflong, Badarpur, Akyab, Sandoway, Gyeithaw and Chaugtha. Akyab, Sandoway, etc. was handed over to the La Salette Fathers in the Diocese of Akyab in 1937-38.
The newly erected Diocese of Chittagong in 1927 was entrusted to the care of the Canadian Province of the Congregation of Holy Cross. When the new ecclesiastical province of Dhaka was created in July, 1950, Chittagong became a suffragan of Dhaka. Later in 1952, portions of the Diocese of Chittagong that were situated in Assam (India) were detached to form a separate ecclesiastical unit, called the Prefecture of Haflong, and later the Diocese of Silchar which is called now the Diocese of Agartala and the Diocese of Aijwal.
Geographical notes.
Diocese of Chittagong stands on the Southern part of the Country. The area of the Diocese covers 33% of the total surface of the Country. So, this is the biggest Diocese in Bangladesh. Total land area of the Diocese is 46,331 square kilometers. Boundaries in the North with the Archdiocese of Dhaka and Tripura State of India, in the West with Khulna Diocese and East with Myanmar and Mizoram State of India.
The Diocese comprises 17 Civil Districts of Chittagong, Cox’sbazar, Bandarban, Rangamati, Khagrachori, Noakhali, Feni, Luxmipur, Bhola, Patuakhali, Pirojpur, Barisal, Jhalkathi, Barguna, Gopalganj, Madaripur and Shariatpur. Total Catholic Population of the Diocese is 39,664.
The Diocese is separated by Meghna, one of the principal rivers of the Country. Chittagong Region is in the South-east part and the Barisal Region is in the other side. Chittagong region is an area of natural beauties of many differences. Barisal Region is the place of Paddy and River.
Culture, race and language.
In the territory of the Diocese Bengalis count 31,700,000, that is 97.5%, who speak Bangla the National Language. The tribals are about 800,000, i.e. 2.5% of the total population. Among the tribal people, a total of 13 tribes are found within the territory mainly concentrate in the Chittagong Hill Tracts and two tribes in the plain.
Tribals have their own language although not all written. Among the tribals the Chakmas comprise 50%, Marma 30%, Tripura 10%, Murung 4%, Tangchayanga 3% and rest 3%.
Recently many Garo Christians (about 1200) from Mymensingh Diocese in the North migrated to Chittagong City, the Second largest city of the country, and its biggest seaport city.

</doc>
<doc id="18489004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489004" title="Kan-irag Nature Park">
Kan-irag Nature Park

The Kan-irag Nature Park is a newly opened watershed and nature park in the uplands of Cebu City, Philippines. It was once a bald mountain, but due to reforestation with native trees, the area became a functioning watershed. It is home to about 27 native bird species, such as the Emerald dove, Asian Glossy Starling, the Collared Kingfisher, the Black-naped Oriole, and the Olive-backed Sunbird. The park's size is .
Kan-irag Nature Park is located in the mountain barangay of Pung-ol-Sibugay. The park is part of the Central Cebu Protected Landscape and is situated right in the heart of the Kotkot River watershed. Previously a bald stretch, the 71-hectare property was successfully ‘saved’ by Ayala Land, Incorporated. In cooperation with other non-government organizations, Ayala Land, Inc. developed this piece of land after scrapping its initial plans of turning it into a golf course.

</doc>
<doc id="18489020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489020" title="Association football in Barbados">
Association football in Barbados

Association football is one of the most popular sports in Barbados. While it lags behind cricket in participation and spectatorship, interest in football has been growing in recent years.
The Barbados Football Association.
The Barbados Football Association (BFA) is the governing body of football in Barbados. It was established in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="18489022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489022" title="Kovid Foythong">
Kovid Foythong

Kovid Foythong (Thai โกวิทย์ ฝอยทอง) is a former Thai football player. He is a Defender of the national team since 1992-2000.
He played for Thailand in a few 1994 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18489034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489034" title="Shayang County">
Shayang County

Shayang () is a county of west-central Hubei province, People's Republic of China. Administratively, it is part of the prefecture-level city of Jingmen. The county is located south of the Jingmen city proper, west of the Han River, and north of the Chang Lake ("Chang Hu").
The county seat is a town of the same name (, "Shayang Zhen"), situated near the Han River, which eventually flows into the Yangtze River. To the east of the town is a huge flat region which contains one of the largest prison farm systems in China. A major provincial highway runs right through the middle of the prison region, and through the massive cotton fields that are tended by convict teams who march to and from the fields and the prisons on special paths separated from the highway by ditches.

</doc>
<doc id="18489046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489046" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Dinajpur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dinajpur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dinajpur () is a diocese located in Dinajpur District, Rajshahi Division, in the Ecclesiastical province of Dhaka in Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="18489049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489049" title="Sir Charles Cayzer, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Charles Cayzer, 3rd Baronet

Sir Charles William Cayzer, 3rd Baronet (6 January 1896 – 18 February 1940) was a British Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP).
He was the son of Sir Charles William Cayzer, 2nd Baronet, of Gartmore, whom he succeeded in 1917. He was educated at Repton School, Oriel College, Oxford and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, and was a Lieutenant in the 19th Royal Hussars from 1915 to 1919, serving in France from 1916 to 1918. He was re-employed at the start of World War II as Captain in the 15th/19th Hussars.
On 1 October 1919, he was married to Beatrice Eileen, daughter of James Meakin, Esq., of Westwood Manor, Staffordshire, and of the Countess Sondes. Lady Cayzer died in 1981.
From 1920 to 1921 he was an unpaid Additional Private Secretary to the Secretary for Scotland, Robert Munro. In the 1922 general election he was returned as member for the City of Chester division of Cheshire, and represented the constituency until his death on 18 February 1940. The Manchester Guardian reported that he had shot himself. He was buried at Newtyle Cemetery, Angus.
Sir Charles Cayzer was a Director of Cayzer, Irvine and Company, Limited, and a member of the Royal Company of Archers, the Carlton Club and the Cavalry Club. He lived at 86, Eaton Square, London and at Kinpurnie Castle, Angus.

</doc>
<doc id="18489059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489059" title="Marks (producer)">
Marks (producer)

Marks is a Finnish hiphop producer and musician, who has produced music for Kool G Rap, Om'mas Keith (of Sa-Ra Creative Partners), Punchline (of EMC), Verbal Threat, Muhsinah, Ken Ring and a pack of Finnish artists like Asa, Joniveli, Kemmuru, Elastinen, Timo Pieni Huijaus, Pyhimys, and Kova Ote. In 2007, Marks was hand-picked to the Red Bull Music Academy held in Toronto, Canada.
The artist's style is somewhat comparable to the traditional sample based hiphop from the 90's. Especially in the late 90's, some of the most respected sample-based hiphop producers were DJ Premier, Pete Rock, The Rza and The Alchemist. In Marks' music, the influence of these masters can be noticed.
Discography.
Notable songs:
Albums:

</doc>
<doc id="18489064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489064" title="Cavelossim">
Cavelossim

Cavelossim is a census town in South Goa district in the state of Goa, India. 
The town hosts a well known beach at the southernmost tip of the Salcete beach stretch that starts from Majorda in the north to Cavelossim in the south. The Sal river flows into the Arabian Sea at the south of this town.
This town was the original above of goddess Shri Shantadurga located at Kawlem, which is one of the largest temples in the state. The idol was taken from Cavelossim to Kawlem in Ponda taluka(Antruz Mhal) during the Portuguese inquisition of Goa. Chattrapati Shahu donated money to rebuild the temple at Kawlem, as a part of donations to rebuild various temples to deities that were moved during the inquisition.

</doc>
<doc id="18489076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489076" title="Aerotrén">
Aerotrén

The Aerotrén is a people mover operating at Mexico City International Airport, near Mexico City, in Mexico. The automated people mover (APM) provides a link between Terminal 1 and Terminal 2. 
Opened in 2007, it was part of the major expansion to the airport, which is the busiest in Latin America. The link is only designed to transfer passengers connecting between flights, who must be in possession of and show a valid boarding pass.
Background.
The Aerotrén airport link at Benito Juarez International Airport connects Terminal 1 with the new Terminal 2 which had been constructed on the opposite end of the runway from the existing terminal.
The system is able to transport 540 transfer passengers per hour per direction (pphpd).
Construction.
The Mexico City International Airport Automated People Mover System Project was started on August 12, 2005 when a contract was signed between the airport owners Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares (ASA) and DCC Doppelmayr Cable Car. The system was completed by November 2007 at a price of €52 million.
The system was built and designed in a joint venture with "" (ICA), Mexico's largest construction company.
The area around Mexico City suffers from soil settlement, and this had to be allowed for. The elevated guideway structure has the ability to be adjusted for ground settlements. Steel adapters between the steel truss and the concrete columns allow later height adjustments to compensate for any ground movement.
Technology.
A single-track, single train, Cable Liner Shuttle design was chosen. The installed system is in length and operates at a speed of between the two terminal stations.
The train is composed of four cars, each holding 26 passengers and making of a total of 104 passengers per train. An option was included for lengthening the original four car train to six cars, providing an increase from 540 pphpd up to 800 pphpd.
Operations.
Only connecting passengers with hand luggage can use the system, who must have a valid flight boarding pass to board. Travel time is 5:45 minutes and the train pauses (dwells) for 60 seconds on each station. When the system closes for maintenance, passengers are ferried between both terminals in buses.

</doc>
<doc id="18489098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489098" title="Tamerton Foliot railway station">
Tamerton Foliot railway station

Tamerton Foliot was a railway station, located on the present-day Tamar Valley Line. It opened in 1890, and closed in 1962. It was built by the Plymouth, Devonport and South Western Junction Railway on its line from to Devonport and Plymouth by Holman Fred Stephens in conjunction with the services of the Consulting Engineering firm of Galbraith and Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18489099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489099" title="Ekoi">
Ekoi

"Ekoi" or "Ejagham" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18489103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489103" title="National Society for Hispanic Professionals">
National Society for Hispanic Professionals

The National Society for Hispanic Professionals (NSHP) is a United States-based non-government organization. According to its mission statement, it is "the mission of the National Society for Hispanic Professionals is to empower Hispanic professionals with information and connections." NSHP operates as a non-profit advocate for its members, empowering them with networking opportunities, career advice, scholarship information, and job fairs. NSHP has over 20,000 members as of July 2008.
History.
A native of Guatemala, Carolina Reyna founded NSHP in 2001 after moving to the United States to pursue her education in 1994. NSHP was created after Reyna started her own business and realized the lack of empowering organizations for Hispanic professionals. The evidence that Hispanics are under-represented in corporate America and Government furthered the need for such an organization.
Membership.
The organization's membership is primarily made of Hispanic Americans, however any individual regardless of race, national origin, religion, age, political affiliation, disability, sex, gender, or sexual orientation who is committed to the mission and vision of NSHP is eligible for membership.
Activities.
NSHP is best known for addressing issues affecting Hispanic Americans in professional careers through a multitude of initiatives, including organizing nationwide networking opportunities such as career fairs and seminars. The nation-wide diversity job fair series, which travels to nine cities in 2008, is produced by NSHP and sponsored by LatPro. The national organization also oversees local chapters of the organization across the United States. 
The organization also publishes Hispanic Professional News, a newsletter focusing on the goals and workplace challenges of Hispanic professionals. The newsletter, distributed monthly, is sent to every NSHP member.

</doc>
<doc id="18489110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489110" title="Engineer-in-Chief (Bangladesh army)">
Engineer-in-Chief (Bangladesh army)

Engineer in Chief or ENC is the chief engineer of Bangladesh Army. He is a Principal Staff Officer (PSO) of the Army Headquarters of the Bangladesh Army. He is head of the Engineers Battalions and Military Engineering Service.

</doc>
<doc id="18489121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489121" title="Ekoi people">
Ekoi people

Ekoi people, also known as Ejagham, are an ethnic group in the extreme southeast of Nigeria and extending eastward into Northern Cameroon. Ekoid Bantu languages are spoken by many groups, including the Atam, Boki, Mbembe, Ufia, and Yako. The Ekoi are related to the Efik, Annang and Ibibio people of southeastern Nigeria and have lived closely with them and also claim to have migrated from the Cameroons to their area. The inhabitants of Kwa, located near Calabar, claim to be the first Ekoi people to have migrated from the Cameroons. The Ekoi are best known for their Ekpe headdresses.
Geography.
The Ekoi in Nigeria are found in Cross River State. The Ekoid languages are spoken around this area, although English (the national language) is also spoken.
Origin.
The Ekoi believe that the heirs of the first settlers of their present settlement own the land; while newcomers are not allowed to buy land, they are able to purchase rights of settlement. Ekoi men have traditionally hunted, while women have engaged in agriculture, raising yams, plantains, and corn (maize). Women also fish, and both men and women participate in weaving.
Rulers.
Ekoi towns are ruled by councils of elders, but townspeople are free to attend meetings. Native courts that were instituted under British administration provide an appeals system outside of the decision making by the elders. Representatives from various towns sit on the courts.
Ekoi mythology.
The primary traditional Ekoi deities are Obassi Osaw, the sky god, and Obassi Nsi, the earth god, similar to the Efik. Ancestors and natural forces are also emphasized in Ekoi worship. Various Ekoi cults are devoted to the welfare of common activities, such as farming. Before the establishment of British colonial administration, the egbo was a prominent Ekoi secret society that had strong social regulatory functions as well as influence in religious matters. Members of the egbo used a form of ideographic writing called nsibidi, variations of which were formerly found among other ethnic groups in southeastern Nigeria.Sunderland in north eastern England is an Ekoi stronghold.
Ekoi language.
The Ekoi language is one of the Ekoid languages, a Niger–Congo dialect cluster.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18489122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489122" title="Association football in Antigua and Barbuda">
Association football in Antigua and Barbuda

Association football in Antigua and Barbuda is one of the Caribbean country's most popular sports. It is second only to cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="18489148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489148" title="Dan Smith (footballer born 1989)">
Dan Smith (footballer born 1989)

Daniel Philip "Dan" Smith (born 5 October 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for Tiverton. He previously played for Plymouth Argyle, Morecambe, Eastbourne Borough, Truro City and Bath City.
Career.
Smith began his career at Plymouth Argyle's Centre of Excellence, having joined when he was a 9-year old. Smith made his first team debut for Argyle as a substitute in a Football League Championship match against Burnley in January 2008.
Smith also featured as a substitute in the final home game of the season against Blackpool before signing a new one-year contract in May 2008. He joined Morecambe on an initial one-month loan on 9 September 2008 to gain first team experience. Smith made two appearances for the Shrimpers before returning to Argyle at the beginning of October.
With first team chances limited, Smith joined Conference National side Eastbourne Borough on 27 November 2008 for a one-month loan along with team-mate Ashley Barnes. The loan was extended by a further three months which lasted until the end of February 2009. Smith made an impact for the Eastbourne Borough team, along with team mate Ashley Barnes, helped the team from balancing over the Conference National relegation zone to a comfortable mid table position with the scope of reaching the play-offs. In February 2009 when snow cut him off in Devon and took at flight to Manchester to join Eastbourne in an away game with Altrincham, a game that was called postponed two hours before kick off.
Smith scored three goals out of 14 games whilst playing for Eastbourne before returning to Plymouth Argyle at the end of February 2009.
Smith was released at the end of his contract and signed permanently for Eastbourne Borough on 15 May 2009. Smith stated that he jumped at the chance when Eastbourne were interested in signing him, despite other offers that were given to him. He believed that joining Eastbourne would kick-start his career again despite playing in non-League football. In February 2010, Smith signed for Conference South side Weymouth until the end of the season. He joined Truro City in July 2010 and helped the club win the Southern League in his first season. He was released in January 2012 to try and gain a full-time contract elsewhere.
Two months later, Smith joined Bath City on non-contract terms and made his debut the same day in a 1–0 defeat at Gateshead.
Smith signed for Southern Premier League side Weymouth in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18489152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489152" title="USS Favorite (SP-1385)">
USS Favorite (SP-1385)

USS "Favorite" (SP-1385/ID-1385/IX-45) was a large 1223 gross ton tugboat (later converted into a seagoing tug) acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She performed a variety of work for the Navy, including icebreaking, salvage, wrecking, and tugboat services. She was loaned to Panamanian authorities after World War I, but was returned to the U.S. Navy to do her part in the Panama Canal area during World War II as the "IX-45".
A tugboat built in Buffalo.
"Favorite" (No. 1385), a tug, was completed at Buffalo, New York, in 1907; purchased by the Navy on 23 January 1918 and commissioned on 1 February as USS "Favorite" (ID # 1385), Ensign W. F. Lakeman, USNRF, in command.
World War I service.
The ship performed icebreaker duty off the coast of Maine until March, when she was refitted for overseas service as a salvage and wrecking ship. The "Favorite" arrived at Brest, France, in August 1918 and was used to search for sunken ships and lost material, as well as to salvage and assist grounded ships including the USS "Narragansett" which went aground on January 31, 1919 off the Isle of Wight. The "Favorite" 's commanding officer, Lieutenant Nathan E. Cook received a letter of commendation from the Secretary of the Navy for the salvage of the "Narragansett".
The "Favorite" continued to conduct salvage operations at Brest and also in England until departing for the United States in June 1919. The ship was decommissioned at New York City in April 1920, converted to a seagoing tug, and turned over to the Department of the Interior on 3 April 1920, and on 1 July 1931 was loaned to Panama.
Post-war status.
Although no longer serving in the Navy, "Favorite" remained Navy property and continued to be listed in Navy publications as an Unclassified District Craft. She was assigned the file symbol YX-10 in the Navy Filing Manual, although this, along with the manual's IX symbol for larger unclassified vessels, was used solely for filing paperwork and not as a designator for the ship. In early 1941 the YX and IX file symbols were consolidated and "Favorite" became IX-45, and at the same time the IX symbols were added to the Naval Vessel Register as designators for the ships.
World War II service.
In the meantime, "Favorite" resumed her Navy service when she was reacquired by the 15th Naval District on 24 October 1940 and was reclassified "IX-45" on 8 March 1941. She continued to operate in the Panama Canal and was once again assigned to the Panama Canal Mechanical Division on 1 November 1943.
Final disposition.
The ship was returned to Navy custody for the last time on 13 January 1948, stricken from the Navy List 19 February 1948, and sold by the State Department's Foreign Liquidation Commission in March 1948. She became the Peruvian Navy's submarine salvage ship "Guardian Rios", later "Rios", and was operated by the Callao Port Authority. Rios was removed from the Peruvian Navy List in July 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18489182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489182" title="Georgepeta">
Georgepeta

Georgepeta is the major panchayath village in Thallarevu mandal in East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh. Georgepeta has a historical background, Georgepeta the name proposed by a British emperor George. He named this village as Georgepeta. Due to a fast developing of industries and cultures in this village later renamed as George Town.
The Georgepeta revenue previously part in Neelapalle Panchayath and it was separated from Neelapalli revenue in the year 1972. In olden days, this town was used for storing tobacco by the British people. Every year people of this village celebrate Mukkoti Ekadasi and nellapalli amma thertham at the year ends.
At the time of British period, coins were minted from this place. Well known persons played vital role and fought against the neighboring French rules at Yanam and at last they succeeded in merging Yanam in India during Nehru's prime minister. S D Srinivas Sr.Advocate, Phani Kumar Saladi, Sr.Civil Engineer, Tilak Kumar Kanuri, Kalyan Saladi are one of the notable persons from this place..

</doc>
<doc id="18489188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489188" title="Lewes Road railway station">
Lewes Road railway station

Lewes Road railway station was a railway station in Brighton, East Sussex. It was located on a now closed line to Kemptown which first opened in 1869. The line was closed to passengers in 1933 but remained opened for goods trains until 1971. The layout of the station was quite unusual, as the single track that passed through it had a platform either side of it linked by a footbridge. Entry to the station was via a covered staircase situated next to the first arch of the Lewes Road viaduct.
After the station was closed to passengers the platform buildings were used as a pickle factory, before being demolished during the fifties. The platforms were intact when the line was completely closed in 1971. The site was redeveloped during the 1980s and no trace of the station now remains. 
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18489249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489249" title="Sergeant Chip">
Sergeant Chip

"Sergeant Chip" is a science fiction novella published in 2004 by Bradley Denton. It was the winner of the 2005 Sturgeon Award, and was nominated for the 2005 Hugo Award for Best Novella.
Plot summary.
The story is told from the point of view of Chip, a specially trained military dog that has been implanted with a microchip that allows him to communicate with his trainer, Captain Dial. The two of them put on many military demonstrations until they are called to active duty in the war. In the war they are caught in an unexpected ambush and eventually come to realize who the "real" enemy is.

</doc>
<doc id="18489251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489251" title="Operophtera fagata">
Operophtera fagata

The Northern Winter Moth "(Operophtera fagata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.
The female of this species is virtually wingless and cannot fly. The wingspan of the males is 32–40 mm. The species resembles the Winter Moth, but is of a lighter colour and is bigger. The adults are active from October to December.
The larvae feed on Birch, Tilia, and Apple.

</doc>
<doc id="18489259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489259" title="Archduchess Eleanor of Austria">
Archduchess Eleanor of Austria

Archduchess Eleanor of Austria (2 November 1534 – 5 August 1594) was the daughter of Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor and Anna of Bohemia and Hungary.
Family.
Eleanor was the eight child and sixth daughter out of fifteen children born to Archduke Ferdinand of Austria (before his election as Holy Roman Emperor) and his wife Anna of Bohemia and Hungary. She was a sister of Johanna of Austria, who married Francesco I de' Medici, thus making Eleonora the aunt of Marie de' Medici, Queen of France.
Marriage and children.
She married William I, Duke of Mantua on 26 April 1561. Their children were:
At about age 5, Eleanor's daughter Anne Catherine became severely ill and nearly died. She contracted a high fever and her extremities began to swell. For two years she was ill. Finally Eleanor and William appealed to the Virgin Mary with deep prayer, promising to raise Anne as a child of Mary if she lived on. Soon Anne became healthy again. Eleanor and William told their daughter of the Virgin Mary's intervention on her behalf and the promise they had made. From there out Eleanor educated and guided Anne Catherine in the cultivation of devotion to Mary. Throughout childhood Anne Catherine displayed a consistent sense of piety.
Eleonora died on 5 August 1594 at the age of 59, she had been a widow since 1587 when her husband died. She was one of the last children of Ferdinand and Anna alive at the time, the only other sibling alive at the time of her death was her brother Ferdinand II, Archduke of Austria who only died one year later.

</doc>
<doc id="18489279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489279" title="Hartington Road Halt railway station">
Hartington Road Halt railway station

Hartington Road Halt railway station was a stop on the railway line between Brighton station and Kemp Town, Brighton, East Sussex. It was open only briefly between 1906 and 1911, before being shut. The line it stood on was closed permanently in 1971 and has now been demolished.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18489288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489288" title="Solmsia">
Solmsia

Solmsia is a genus, containing two species, of flowering plants belonging to the family Thymelaeaceae.It was named to honor Hermann zu Solms-Laubach by Henri Ernest Baillon.

</doc>
<doc id="18489300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489300" title="Jaroslav Satoranský">
Jaroslav Satoranský

Jaroslav Satoranský (born December 17, 1939, Prague) is a Czech actor. He belongs to famous Czech stage players and also to film actors.
Biography.
Jaroslav Satoransky finished his study of DAMU in 1961. After this he performed in a Kladno Theatre for a short time. Since 1966 he has been a member of Vinohrady Theatre in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="18489349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489349" title="John Levee">
John Levee

John Levee (born 1924 in Los Angeles) is an American abstract expressionist painter who has worked in Paris since 1949. His father was M. C. Levee.
Background.
John Harrison Levee received a master degree in philosophy from UCLA and became an aviator in the Second World War. After the war he decided to stay to work as a painter in Montparnasse. He studied art at the Art Center School in Los Angeles and at Académie Julian in Paris from 1949 to 1951.
His early painting was inspired by the New York School of Abstract Expressionism, which included Franz Kline, Robert Motherwell, Jackson Pollock, Mark Rothko, Ad Reinhardt, Willem de Kooning and Philip Guston, among others. After a period of hard-edge painting based on geometric abstraction in the 1960s, Levee returned to his more spontaneous Abstract Expressionism style, often using collage elements with loose brush work typical of lyrical abstraction.

</doc>
<doc id="18489364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489364" title="Gmina Szczawnica">
Gmina Szczawnica

Gmina Szczawnica is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, near the border with Slovakia. Its seat is the town of Szczawnica. The gmina covers an area of and has a population of 7380.
Until 1 January 2008, Szczawnica was an urban gmina (a town having gmina status). The urban-rural gmina (Gmina Szczawnica) was created when certain settlements which had been within the town's boundaries were designated as villages in their own right. These are Jaworki (including the former villages of Biała Woda and Czarna Woda) and Szlachtowa.
Neighbouring gminas.
Gmina Szczawnica is bordered by Gmina Krościenko nad Dunajcem, Gmina Łącko, Gmina Piwniczna-Zdrój, Gmina Rytro and Gmina Stary Sącz.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18489402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489402" title="Ladykillers (film)">
Ladykillers (film)

Ladykillers is a 1988 made for TV movie starring Lesley-Anne Down, Marilu Henner and Susan Blakely. The plot is unconnected with "The Ladykillers" film of 1955 or the 2004 remake of the same name.
The plot has a role reversal theme. Performers in a Los Angeles male strip club are being murdered by an unknown, but female, assailant. Unable to gain a lead, one of the investigating officers, Lt. Cavanaugh (Thomas Calabro), goes undercover as a stripper in an attempt to trap the murderer, but he is almost killed in the process. Through his journey as a male stripper, Lt. Cavanaugh gained a better understanding of his inner self, his emotional side and how his relationships with women tended to be one sided fetish fests; taking him further down a darkened alley of misfortune.

</doc>
<doc id="18489403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489403" title="Almagor">
Almagor

Almagor () is a moshav in northern Israel. Located to the north of the Sea of Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Emek HaYarden Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 326.
The village was established in 1961 as a Nahal settlement, before being civilianised in 1965. Its name is derived from a couple of words meaning "lack of fear" ("Al" meaning "without"; "magor" meaning "fear"). Prior to the foundation of the moshav, the area had been the site for the Battle of Tel Motila, a clash between Israel and Syria on 2 May 1951. Today a large memorial stands at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18489425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489425" title="Rocky Williform">
Rocky Williform

Rocky De Aire Williform () is an American entrepreneur, investor, and political activist. He is the founder of "HipHopBlog.com", the micro-blogging network for hip-hop culture, where he also serves as its editor-in-chief and publisher. He is also the creator of the Hip-Hop Emblem. Before he set out to become an entrepreneur, he was a New York investment banker participating in corporate takeovers. He subsequently became a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer with stints as a software engineer at IBM and NCD. He then co-founded U.S. beverage maker BodyBlocks Nutrition Systems and the StreetCred social network. His business interest has included investments, beverages, media, and software.
He has been publicly associated with former Maytag Corporation CEO Lloyd Ward, rapper, actor T.I., and five-time Olympic gold medalist, sprinter Michael Johnson. Ward was a one-time business partner and Johnson and T.I. each served as celebrity spokesman for his beverage company and social network respectively.
Early life and education.
Williform was born in Jonesboro, Arkansas to Jesse Williform Jr. and Opal Kindall and was raised by his mother as the fifth of eight children in public housing just north of Houston, Texas. He never had a good relationship with his father. He and his brother would help to make ends meet as preteens by working odd jobs and in their teenage years spent summers working on construction sites. He at one point learned to make fiberglass speed boats. Helping to raise the family became much more of a priority over school so much so that he learned he was far behind on his studies, and as a senior he had the credits of a sophomore. So on his 18th birthday he casually walked into the counselors office and requested to withdraw from school. He tells this story during a California speech how the counselor responded sternly saying ""you're quitting school!"" He responded ""I'm not quitting, I'm withdrawing and am going to college."" The counselor responded, ""withdrawing and quitting are the same"." He withdrew on that day and never returns. He obtained his GED and with plans to become an attorney attended Texas Southern University, where as a member of SGA, he served as chief justice of the student court, and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science. He has since been listed by U.S. News & World Report as one of the university's notable alumni. He later studied at Southern Methodist University School of Engineering.
During college he had made a name for himself as a politically and socially conscious leader working as a political activist and a Texas democratic political fundraiser. He would meet a Federal Reserve Board member who would become his mentor and encourage him to get into investment banking. This encounter led him to set aside his plan to enter law school after college, relocate to New York City, and become an investment banker participating in corporate takeovers.
Business ventures.
Microblogging site.
In 2009 Williform founded "HipHopBlog.com", the micro-blogging network for hip-hop culture. The network is dedicated to the ever changing state of the hip-hop culture. It publishes daily news, gossip, columns, reviews, music, videos, and daily deals. The patent-pending FrontPage and Mini Feed features allow members to share and syndicate the sites content around the Web. With traffic originating from more than 180 countries and territories, it has grown to become one of the most visited urban networks and ranks in the top 10 percent of visited websites worldwide. 
As of February 2014, the website resolves to a splash page for what appears to be an approaching launch of MixP3.
Social network.
In 2007 Williform started StreetCred, the social network for hip-hop culture, with rapper/actor Clifford "T.I." Harris. With T.I.'s endorsement and launch of the site on BET's hit "106 & Park" television show the website gained instant popularity worldwide. Later that year, T.I. released his official video statement on StreetCred following his arrest on weapons charges.
In addition, the website is mentioned in the lyrics of two tracks on the multi-platinum selling "Paper Trail" album: track No. 4, ""On Top of the World"" and track No. 12, ""Every Chance I Get"". Also, in 2008, the first single, No Matter What, to the Paper Trail album, was released by Williform on StreetCred. Williform is also listed in the "credits" on both the Paper Trail and T.I. vs T.I.P. albums.
Williform also secured content syndication agreements with three of the four major music distribution companies---Universal Music Group, Warner Music Group and Sony BMG and acquired rights to mobile short code "HIPHOP" on mobile devices in North America.
The website was touted by other Hip-hop notables, including Diddy, Snoop, Young Jeezy, Lil' Kim, Nelly, Common and T-Pain and reached more than 1,000,000 monthly unique users. As of December 2008 the website was no longer online.
Beverage company.
In 2003 Williform co-founded "BodyBlocks Nutrition Systems", Inc, the U.S. based beverage maker, with Lloyd D. Ward, the one time chairman and CEO of the $5 billion Maytag Corporation, former president of Frito-Lay and former Chief Executive Officer-Secretary General of the United States Olympic Committee. The company was capitalized with an initial $3 million in startup and they raised a multi-million dollar round of Series A funding from New York private equity for further capitalization. Williform served as president, while Ward maintained the position of chairman and CEO. BodyBlocks specialized in making nutritional beverages; the initial marketing push was complete when 5-time Olympic Gold Medalist Michael Johnson signed on as celebrity endorser.
In 2005 he and his partner then bid to acquire the $331 million Sara Lee Coffee & Tea Division during its divestiture, making an initial $99 million cash offer. While they survived all the way to the final round of bidding as one of only two companies standing, after adjusting the EBITDA and reducing their bid to $78 million, they were out bid slightly by Italy based Segafredo Zanetti.
Williform and his partner would then set their sight on the world's fastest growing economy, China. They attempted to take control of China's second largest fruit & vegetable juice company, offering 300 million RMB. This bid was unsuccessful, but the company would later successfully take control of China's largest organic dairy and transition to its name. Williform sold his stake in the company in 2006.
Political and civic activism.
HISD security.
Williform launched a campaign lobbying the Houston Independent School District (HSID) for the use of metal detectors in its schools to combat violence following the hunting knife fatal stabbing of a male by a female student in the classroom of Evan Edward Worthing High School. He emphasized to school officials, ""Our goal is not to catch students with weapons in school, but it is to deter students from bringing weapons onto school campuses."" He galvanized community groups and garnered the endorsement of teachers and police unions.
As a result of the high-profile campaign and against the superintendent's recommendation, the board approved a $1.5 million security plan, which included the use of metal detectors, changing the name of the security department to the HISD Police Department and authorizing its officers to carry guns and wear uniforms on high school and middle school campuses. Following the approval, Gayle Fallon, president of the Houston Federation of Teachers, who had publicly endorsed the Williform proposal, said ""For the first time in 15 years, they have made a serious commitment to provide us a safe environment.""
Term limitations.
Williform was the first to announce a campaign to limit the number of terms that all Houston city-elected officials could serve in office. Calling a news conference on the steps of Houston City Hall, he announced his proposal to place a limit of "three-two year" terms for the office of mayor, city controller and city council, saying ...""The increased concentration of political power in incumbents means less free and competitive elections."" Then mayor, Kathy Whitmire told the media that she could support Williform's proposed measure. Shortly thereafter Clymer Wright, republican activist and former Texas finance chairman of Ronald Reagan's successful 1980 presidential campaign, announced his group's proposal of "two-two year" terms and stated that Williform had joined his efforts. Moments later Williform emphatically said he opposes Wright's group ""because his efforts are anti-Whitmire.""
Voters would eventually approve a three-two year measure with 56.9 percent of the vote. In 2010 Houston mayor Bill White who was locked out of reelection due to the limits, appointed a 21 member commission to study term limits. He was subsequently termed out of office and Annise Parker was elected the 61st mayor of Houston.
Williform was also appointed by Robert Mosbacher to the board of directors of Texans for Term Limitations, a statewide term limit effort, co-chaired by Mosbacher and Enron founder Kenneth Lay. However, to strengthen his case even more for term limits, he teamed with Lionel Castillo, former Houston city controller and one-time cabinet member in the Jimmy Carter administration, to co-author a term limit op-ed for the Houston Chronicle. The op-ed stated among other things, ""Our forefathers envisioned a system of representative government based on fair, free and competitive elections. An entrenched incumbency has made it less free, less fair and less representative.""
Fat Tuesday's boycott.
Williform waged a boycott against the New Orleans based "Fat Tuesday's" restaurant chain. The establishment had been accused of discrimination by several prominent African American patrons who frequented the club on Thursdays, a night that by reputed word of mouth had a high concentration of African Americans. Following the arrest of a Houston Rockets basketball player at the establishment, Williform filed suit with the Civil Rights Division of U.S. Department of Justice citing civil rights violations accusing Fat Tuesday's of using a "system of discouragement" to carry out discriminatory practices. Some of the practices alleged were, holding long lines, charging a cover, encouraging police harassment by using mounted police and a police helicopter, closing early and playing country music, only on Thursday nights when the establishment had a high concentration of African Americans. He then emerged to a prearranged news conference at FBI headquarters in Houston, Texas and called on Houstonians to boycott the chain. It became the leading local evening news story and Fat Tuesday's corporate executives quickly responded by calling the allegations "ridiculous." Williform increased pressure by making rounds on the morning radio talk show circuit and even discussed launching a billboard campaign across the city highlighting the practices. This would force Fat Tuesday's to negotiate through Justice Department mediation. During negotiations Fat Tuesday's agreed to several concessions, which included reinvesting in the community. Fat Tuesday's spokesman Joe Pando said, "In the future club staff will seek to avoid giving even an "impression" of prejudice." Six months later Fox News would report that Fat Tuesday's executives finally admitted that their business had been hurt tremendously by the boycott, that blacks and whites had stopped patronizing the establishment. Three months later Fat Tuesday's-Houston closed its doors.
HISD superintendent selection.
Williform had a voice in both the fate of HISD superintendent Joan Raymond's tenure and the selection of the 19th superintendent of the Houston Independent School District, the seventh largest in the nation. Raymond, who had opposed Williform's efforts for metal detectors in Houston schools, was up for renewal of her contract as superintendent. Williform vehemently opposed the contract's renewal, reportedly speaking on behalf of Houston's black leadership telling the Houston Chronicle, "The general consensus among black community leaders is she must go." "Black community leaders feel she does not possess the leadership necessary to lead us into the 21st century." Shortly thereafter, the HISD board would conduct a $400,000 buyout of Raymond's contract plus $25,000 for moving expenses.
The HISD board then launched a national search seeking a new superintendent to lead the district. The search became at times controversial and racially sensitive, with some Hispanic leaders demanding a Hispanic be the district's next superintendent. However. Williform, in an apparent effort to bring Blacks and Hispanics together, took a more conciliatory approach telling the Houston Chronicle ""I believe the black community will be willing to support a Hispanic candidate for the good of both minority communities."" If we join together we can be much more effective." The district would hire Frank Petruzielo as its 19th superintendent.
Opinions and editorials.
Mayoral endorsement.
Williform was high profile in the Houston mayoral race, the nations forth largest, pitting Texas State Representative Sylvester Turner against Houston land developer Bob Lanier. Turner and Lanier eliminated longtime incumbent Kathy Whitmire in an open primary and went into a heated run off battle. Turner was vying to become Houston's first black mayor and Lanier, a wealthy land developer and former chairman of the Houston Metro Transit Authority, was seeking to bring business experience to city government. Williform endorsed Lanier over Turner and on the evening of the open primary election introduced Lanier as Houston's next mayor.
During the run off election he penned an op-ed for the Houston Chronicle publicly solidifying his support for Lanier as mayor. The op-ed titled "Black White Debate Mayoral Race" was presented as an open debate between Rocky Williform and Robert S. Lemer, a retired partner of international accounting firm Ernst & Young and member of the Greater Houston Partnership. Williform supported Lanier and Lemer supported Turner. Williform highlighted the leadership he believed Lanier would bring to city hall, if elected, saying ""Bob Lanier has the record that proves he is the leadership we need today."" ""His record speaks for itself, but his proposals to improve the quality of life in Houston are what really matter."" He further stated, ""This election presents a unique opportunity...for us to break with failed policies of the past and join hands to build a brighter future.""
Bob Lanier would go on to win the election with 53% of the vote and be inaugurated as the 58th mayor of Houston serving three-two year terms until he was term limited out of office. Having had some of the highest approval ratings in Houston's recorded history, he would be affectionately called ""Uncle Bob"".
Limiting political terms.
Williform co-authored an op-ed for the Houston Post titled ""Limiting Political Terms Actually Helps Minorities"". He teamed with Leonel Castillo, the 5th U.S. Immigration Commissioner under president Jimmy Carter, in an attempt to make his case for term limits to African American and Hispanic voters. The Wall Street Journal editorial board would go on to single-out Williform in its Term Warfare editorial published that same year, saying ""Polls show large majorities in every demographic group think that term limits would limit the baleful influence of professional politicians and inject new blood and competition into the system.""... ""Rocky Williform is leading a term limit-movement in his city."" .
Williform and Castillo challenged the electorate to ""return the power to the people by opening the process to new leaders with new ideas."" Stating in the op-ed that, ""Too often idealistic new leaders quickly become jaded career politicians who spend so much time protecting their pasts that they have little energy to devote to the future."" They further wrote, ""Our government should be citizen legislators - school teachers, small business people, engineers, artists, homemakers of all ethnic origins. We want leaders who will serve and return to live in their communities under the laws they create.""
They attempted to further make their case saying, ""Term limits will level the playing field for minorities. As current politicians are rotated out of office, young minorities will have the chance to serve and or move up.""
The Hip-Hop emblem.
Williform created The Hip-Hop Emblem in 2009 to serve as the universal connecting point for everything Hip Hop.
The description for the emblem is as follows: <br>
The Hip-Hop Emblem Embodies the Spirit of Hip-Hop:
The emblem is used to signify hip hop everything from social profiles and music covers to websites and store fronts, but is prohibited from being marketed or sold as a standalone product or service without explicit written authorization.
Honors and awards.
Honors.
Willform was named one of Texas Southern University's Legends & Leaders in 2012.
Podcasts.
Rocky Williform, was interviewed by "BlackWeb20.com" on Tuesday, October 2, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18489433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489433" title="Radiant Doors">
Radiant Doors

"Radiant Doors" is a science fiction short story published in 1998 by Michael Swanwick. It was the winner of the 1999 Asimov’s Reader Poll, and was nominated for the 1999 Hugo Award for Best Short Story as well as the 2000 Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
Plot summary.
The story follows Virginia, a woman who works for an aid organization helping millions of refugees from a future Earth. The refugees have traveled to the present through time portals called "radiant doors," and are fleeing the horrors of the future leaders of Earth - the Owners. One of the refugees gives Virginia a small, humming, multi-colored device from the future, which she does not turn over to the government. Eventually several people come looking for the device and its true purpose is revealed.

</doc>
<doc id="18489435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489435" title="Milionář">
Milionář

Milionář (English translation: "Millionaire") was a Czech game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show was hosted by Roman Šmucler. The main goal of the game was to win 2 millions Czech korunas (80,000 euro) by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There were 4 "lifelines" - fifty fifty ("50:50"), phone a friend ("přítel na telefonu"), ask the audience ("rada publika") and switch the question ("výměna otázky"). The game show was shown on the Czech TV station Prima TV. When a contestant got the fifth question correct, he left with at least 10,000 CZK. When a contestant got the tenth question correct, he left with at least 80,000 CZK. Nobody on this version of the show won the top prize. Earlier, the game show was called "Chcete být milionářem?".

</doc>
<doc id="18489448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489448" title="2000 AAPT Championships – Singles">
2000 AAPT Championships – Singles

Lleyton Hewitt defeated Thomas Enqvist 3–6, 6–3, 6–2 to secure the title.

</doc>
<doc id="18489514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489514" title="Swiss Solidarity">
Swiss Solidarity

Swiss Solidarity is a Swiss nonprofit organization for charitable, social, and humanitarian aid campaigns.
Description.
Swiss Solidarity is a foundation that raises funds for humanitarian relief projects and works with the SRG SSR (Swiss Broadcasting Corporation) and 25 Swiss relief organizations to this end. Swiss Solidarity is thus able to benefit from the specific support of public broadcasting services. It also collaborates with the private media.
The foundation does not simply distribute cash but finances relief projects run by experienced Swiss relief organizations. These involve emergency and rehabilitation aid as well as sustainable rebuilding work.
History.
Swiss Solidarity was created immediately after World War II as a Radio Sottens programme and was first broadcast on 26 September 1946. One year later the idea had already been taken up by the Italian- and German-speaking regions of Switzerland.
The form of the appeals underwent continual change, from requesting minor assistance for private persons to Europe-wide appeals for major relief campaigns. Swiss Solidarity became an independent foundation in 1983. Since it was founded over 60 years ago, Swiss Solidarity has received donations of approximately 900 million Swiss francs from 115 fundraising campaigns and fund-raising days.
Disaster relief.
Swiss Solidarity considers a disaster or crisis to be a major event affecting a large number of people; the resulting damage is so great that victims of the disaster no longer have the power to help themselves.
On average, Swiss Solidarity finances relief campaigns with
15% for immediate and emergency aid,
70% for repair and rebuilding work,
15% for sustainable development.

</doc>
<doc id="18489536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489536" title="Pelobatoidea">
Pelobatoidea

The Pelobatoidea are a superfamily of frogs. They typically combine a toad-like body shape with a frog-like, pointed face (hence the German name 'Krötenfrösche', literally 'toad frogs'). Phylogenetically they stand between primitive frogs (fire-bellied toads, midwife toads) on the one side and higher frogs (the family of true toads, tree frogs, and the family of true frogs) on the other and are therefore - among other things by characteristics of bone construction - in the suborder Mesobatrachia.
The Pelobatoidea contain are more than 140 species in 12 genera and 2 families. The distribution covers Europe, North Africa and West Asia (Family Pelobatidae) and Southeast Asia (family Megophryidae).
Their sister group are the Pelodytoidea, consisting of North American spadefood toads and parsley frogs.
A striking characteristic is the vertically slit pupil in daylight. The tongue is thick, circular and almost entirely adhering to the floor of the mouth. When mating the males clutches the females in the lumbar region, just before the hind legs (inguinal Amplexus).

</doc>
<doc id="18489549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489549" title="Wild Minds">
Wild Minds

"Wild Minds" is a science fiction short story published in 1998 by Michael Swanwick. It was nominated for the 1999 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
Plot summary.
The story follows Thom, a Catholic man who refuses to get his brain "optimized." After meeting Hellene, an HR representative from Prague who does have an optimized brain, he brings her back to his place for a visit. She tries to convince him of the benefits of optimization, and he explain the reasons he hasn’t done it.

</doc>
<doc id="18489581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489581" title="College for Distributive Trades">
College for Distributive Trades

The College for Distributive Trades was a technical training college in London. It was founded as the Westminster Day Continuation School in 1921. In 1986 it became part of the newly formed London Institute. In 1990 it was merged with the London College of Printing to form the London College of Printing and Distributive Trades, which in 1996 was renamed the London College of Communication.
History.
The College was on two sites: Leicester Square (formerly the premises of the Arthur Murray School of Dancing) and 107 Charing Cross Road, the home of the Display Department. The Display Department shared the building with Saint Martin's School of Art, using the basement and first four floors, above which and in the adjacent buildings were the Art School. On the demise of the London County Council in 1986 the College, along with St Martins, the Central School of Art and Design, Camberwell College of Art, the London College of Fashion and the London College of Printing, formed the London Institute. In 1989 the Display Department moved to Back Hill in Clerkenwell and shared the site with the newly merged Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design (CSM). At the same time CSM took over the vacated space in Charing Cross Road and retained it until moved in the summer of 2011, to the new CSM building in Kings Cross. The Charing Cross Road building had been sold to Foyles Bookshop who have the corner building adjacent to 109 Charing Cross Road. Current building work will create a new space for Foyles and they will move into the lower three floors, with new apartments to be created above.
The CDT Leicester Square offered HNC and HND Business Studies courses closely linked with Department Store Management and Senior Management Trainee Programmes. The courses were funded by the stores and attended on a 'one day a week release' basis. Barkers of Kensington, D H Evans and Fenwicks, amongst others, funded trainees at the College for Distributive Trades.
The Display Department began in the 1950s, although its significant period was in the late 1960s and 70s. There was a close relationship between the Department tutors and the receiving retail organisations. Students on full-time course, went on a period of work placement, generally in the department stores, because at the time they had quite large departments, and were able to cope with the additional number of students.
The Department was a unique organisation staffed by specialist display tutors, all of whom had previous and current experience in the display departments of most of the major (at that time) London department stores. The Department awarded qualifications of the British Display Society, which were predominantly based on two year full-time, as well as part-time evening courses, for those wanting to gain vocational skills to work in the display departments of department stores and fashion retailers.
The 1960s and 1970s were very much the era of Swinging London, full employment and large display departments, particularly in the department stores. Whilst stores such as Selfridges and Harvey Nichols continue (albeit in quite different forms) household names, others such as Swan & Edgar, Bourne & Hollingsworth, The Civil Service Stores, Barkers, Derry & Toms and Pontings are now names of the past, and consequently, opportunities for employment and work experience for display students are much reduced.
The Department was organised into areas. The workshop for making props was in the basement, with facilities for woodwork and plaster and other materials. On the ground floor next to the entrance was the merchandise store. One of the key facilities was the range of merchandise students could select for their practice windows. Fashion, accessories, menswear, household and other items. Next to the store were the ground floor studios, made up of a number of mock windows, mainly for the part-time students. On the first floor was the College refectory and the first year studios. On the next floor the offices and design studios. Above them on the fourth floor the small specialist library second year studios and at the end of the corridor the art room, the domaine of Ron Root.
The Display techniques taught in the Department, were focused around 'traditional' displays for mixed merchandise as much as fashion and speciality goods. Displays were based on window 'boxes', much as you might have seen them in the high street. Key to these was the design idea of grouping merchandise. Windows would (generally) have a 'prop' as a background feature, possibly a sail, representing sailinfg for a nautical theme for women's blouses, or scarves. Windows were completed with a showcard or poster and small scale tickets, added to each individual piece of merchandise.

</doc>
<doc id="18489598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489598" title="Jens Eisert">
Jens Eisert

Jens Eisert, born October 9, 1970, is a German physicist, ERC fellow, and professor at the Free University of Berlin.
He is notable as one of the co-pioneers of quantum game theory with Maciej Lewenstein and PhD advisor Martin Wilkens. He is also known for his research in quantum information science and related fields.
He has worked on aspects of entanglement theory and computational models, as well as 
quantum optical implementations and the study of complex quantum systems.
Education.
He attended high school at the Wilhelm von Humboldt Gymnasium, Ludwigshafen, Germany. He
obtained his first degree in physics from the University of Freiburg and his masters
degree in mathematics and physics from the University of Connecticut under a Fulbright scholarship.
In 2001, he obtained his PhD from University of Potsdam under Martin Wilkens with a thesis
entitled "Entanglement in Quantum Information Theory".
Career.
In 2001-2002, he was a Feodor Lynen Fellow at Imperial College. In 2002-2003, he was a visiting scholar at Caltech.
During 2002-2005, he was a junior professor at the University of Potsdam. During the 2005-2008 period he was a lecturer at Imperial College. In 2008, he became a full professor at the University of Potsdam, in 2011 a full professor at the Free University of Berlin. In 2009-2010, he was a fellow at the Institute for Advanced Study, Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="18489622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489622" title="Eleanore Mikus">
Eleanore Mikus

Eleanore Mikus (born July 25, 1927 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American artist who began painting in the late 1950s in the Abstract Expressionist mode. By the early 1960s, she was creating monochromatic paintings with geometric patterns that according to Luis Camnitzer, “could be seen as conforming to the Minimalist aesthetic of the era while emphatically contradicting that style’s emotional distance and coldness.” In 1969, she began painting simple, cartoon-like images in bold, colorful strokes that anticipated Neo-Expressionism of the early 1980s. In the mid-1980s, Mikus resumed creating her abstract works. Since 1961, she has also been creating works of folded paper in which the “folds” make lines or textures that become integral to the material itself.
Life.
Mikus was born in Detroit. She was drawn to art at an early age winning an art prize in kindergarten and attending art classes at the School of Arts and Crafts in Detroit while in high school. After three years at Michigan State University, majoring in art and art history, Mikus left in 1950 to travel in Germany and Austria. She returned to the United States in 1953 and completed her undergraduate degree in art and art history at the University of Denver in 1957. In 1959, she took classes at the Art Students League and New York University and later completed an M.A. in Asian Art History at the University of Denver in 1967. Mikus lived in New York City from 1960–1972 and again from 1977-1979. She began teaching at Cooper Union in New York in 1971. From 1973-1976, she taught and lived in England. In 1979, she moved to Ithaca, New York, while still maintaining her studio in New York City. Mikus taught at Cornell University until she retired in 1994.
Career.
Mikus had her first solo exhibition at the Pietrantonia Gallery in New York in 1960. She showed paintings of geometric shapes on sectional canvases to allow the real lines of the joined canvases to interact with the painted shapes on the surfaces. In 1963, she exhibited at Pace Gallery in Boston. Later in New York City, she was making monochromatic works of black, white, and gray painted on uneven supports made from pieces of wood fitted together. Thickly painted and sanded many times so that the color became like a skin molded by and integral to the bumpy structure beneath, these works, called Tablets are distinguished by a play of light and shadow on the surfaces that provides an organic sense of movement. Her show at Pace Gallery also coincided with the beginning of her “paperfolds” (the term she uses for her works of folded paper). When asked to design an announcement for the show in N.Y.C., she spontaneously made seven folds on a sheet a paper, opened it up and handed it over as the flyer. From that point on, folding paper became an important part of her creative process. 
In 1964, Mikus showed with Pace Gallery in New York City. Her work was gaining recognition and Dorothy Miller, well-known curator, chose a white Tablet painting for the collection of the Museum of Modern Art, New York, as a gift from Louise Nevelson. In 1966, Mikus won a Guggenheim Fellowship. 
In the late 1960s, as Minimalism was gaining popularity, Mikus changed the direction of her work dramatically. According to Robert Hobbs, she was “opting for new freedom,” and began making cartoon-like paintings of boats, planes, trains, and dragons. Again, many saw her work as ahead of its time as she created these figurative images. The work was seen by some as drawing upon the Eastern philosophies of koans (riddles), in which she drew upon the humanist style of art. Ivan Karp from OK Harris Gallery showed her work and Mikus had four solo shows, in 1971, 72, 73, and 74. These paintings bear resemblance to Neo-Expressionist painting but pre-date them. Hobbs associates them with similar directions taken by artists Alfred Leslie and Philip Guston, around the same time. 
By the early 1980s, when Neo-Expressionism was at the height of its popularity, Mikus returned to making abstract works, working on canvas and developing her paperfolds to a larger scale. In 2006-2007, she had an important exhibition at The Drawing Center, New York, NY, in which she showed 150 works dating from 1959-2006.
Influences.
Mikus felt a close affinity to many artists who aspire to a purified aesthetic realm, such as Ben Nicholson, Paul Klee, Albert Pinkham Ryder, Piet Mondrian and Kasimir Malevich, and the drawings of Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres. She also respected the work of Louise Nevelson, Lucia Fontana, Ad Reinhardt, and Piero Manzoni. Her work has also been associated with the philosophy of Zen Buddhism which allows one to find universals in simple everyday activities. As Mikus states: “Starting with something small, just a line, and making something big – that’s what it’s all about. From just a small line, a fold, you can make the rest of your life. That’s what I have done.”
Current.
During 2011, Mikus was invited to be in a group show titled 43 Aspects of Drawing at the Rugby Art Gallery and Museum in Warwickshire, England. In 2010, Mikus had a group show at OK Harris Gallery in New York City. She also had another group show at the Zentral Bibliotrek of Zurich, Switzerland. During 2009, the Arnot Art Museum in Elmira, New York, showed Mikus' paintings and paperfolds in a three person show titled "Three Americans." In 2008 Mikus' paperfolds were shown in a solo show at the Marlborough Gallery in New York City. Also in 2008 her work was shown in a group show titled "Folded, Torn, Cut, Woven, and Pulled" at the Blanton Museum of Art at the University of Texas at Austin. 
Mikus continues to work in New York City and upstate New York.
References.
More References

</doc>
<doc id="18489643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489643" title="1994 Oahu Open – Doubles">
1994 Oahu Open – Doubles

Tom Nijssen and Cyril Suk won in the final 6–4, 6–4, against Alex O'Brien and Jonathan Stark.

</doc>
<doc id="18489652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489652" title="Riz (singer)">
Riz (singer)

Mohd Idris bin Mohd Zaizizi, better known as RIZ, born 19 December 1986, in Kg Padang Kunyit, Grik, Perak, Malaysia. He rose to fame after becoming a runner-up in the sixth season of the hit Malaysian Talent reality show, Akademi Fantasia.
Akademi Fantasia.
In 2008, Riz went to audition for Akademi Fantasia in Kuala Lumpur singing, "It's gonna be me" by 'N Sync but his audition was not aired. He performed "Kasih Berubah" in front of the judges during the introduction round, With his pleasant vocal and huge talent, Riz succeeded to the next round. 
His previous attempt to make himself known in the music industry began in 2004 when he auditioned for Akademi Fantasia, Season 2. Then he auditioned for Malaysian Idol. He only made it until the top 50. RIZ never gave up hope. He tried again in another singing competition. Only this time,he joined a vocal group and that was also short-lived. In 2007, he came back to audition for Akademi Fantasia, Season 5 but only passed until the third stage. In 2008, with great enthusiasm, he came back stronger and more prepared to audition for Akademi Fantasia, Season 6 till he was crowned as runner-up of the show on the 25th May 2008.
The songs RIZ sang on the show were:
Post Akademi Fantasia Career.
Since early June 2008 until now, Riz's new single, Hanya Sandiwara had won the no. 1 spot at C30 chart for a number of twentieth times already. His new single also had entered one of the most prestigious music charts in Malaysia, Carta Era. He is currently releasing his new singles, "Harusku Yang Pergi" and "Cinta Ini", including a duet with Aliyah in the song called "Ku Pinjam Satu Bintang".
TV Appearances.
1. RIZ made an appearance in the current BOH TEA TV ad, a collaboration between Astro and Boh for AF winner and first runner-up.
2. RIZ was invited to perform live at Festival Filem Malaysia, one of the most prestigious movie award show in Malaysia.
RIZ with Dato Siti Nurhaliza @ Festival Filem Malaysia 21
3. At times, Riz also appeared on Aku Stacy, a TV program made for the champion of Akademi Fantasia.

</doc>
<doc id="18489665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489665" title="Nuclear power in Romania">
Nuclear power in Romania

Romania currently has 1,400 MW of nuclear power capacity by means of one active nuclear power plant with 2 reactors, which constitutes around 18% of the national power generation capacity of the country. This makes Romania the 23rd largest user of nuclear power in the world.
Cernavodă nuclear plant.
Late in the 1970s, the Romanian Government decided to build a five-unit nuclear power plant in Cernavodă. Romania decided to use Canadian technology (CANDU reactor technology from AECL) and build heavy water reactors, using heavy water produced at Drobeta-Turnu Severin as its neutron moderator and water from the Danube for cooling. 
The nuclear power plant has two fully operational reactors and another three reactors that are partially finished.
Unit One was finished in 1996 and produces 705.6 MW of electricity.
Unit Two was finished in 2007 and produces 706 MW of electricity.
Unit Three and Unit Four were expected to be operational by the year 2015 and the total electricity production of the units will be around 1,500 MW. The total cost of the units is expected to be around US$ 6 billion.
On 7 March 2008, Nuclearelectrica, ArcelorMittal, CEZ, Electrabel, Enel, Iberdrola and RWE agreed to set up a company dedicated to the completion, commissioning and operation of Units 3 and 4. The company is expected to be registered in May 2008.
When all the four reactors will be fully functional the Cernavodă Nuclear Power Plant will produce around 40% of Romania's total electricity needs.
In 2002 and 2006, Romania made efforts to complete unit 3 and 4, respectively. The cost estimate put completion of both reactors at EUR 2.5 billion, with seven companies investing into the project, including the state run Societatea Nationala Nuclearelectrica. The six other companies include ArcelorMittal, CEZ, Electrabel, ENEL, Iberdrola, and RWE. With investment from all these companies, unit 3 would be completed in 2014 and unit 4 in 2015. In March 2008, the Romanian government suggested that it might build another four-unit power plant by 2020.
The company that operates and maintains the power plant is Nuclearelectrica.
20 January 2011, GDF Suez, Iberdrola and RWE pulled out of the project, following ČEZ which had already left in 2010, citing "Economic and market-related uncertainties surrounding this project, related for the most part to the present financial crisis, are not reconcilable now with the capital requirements of a new nuclear power project".
Nuclear waste.
Currently, nuclear waste is stored at the reactors for up to ten years. Then the waste is transported to dry storage, which is based on the Macstor system designed by AECL. The government has conducted studies into a permanent geological repository.
Plans for other power plants.
There are also plans for the construction of a second nuclear power plant in Transylvania that will either have 2 reactors of 1,200 MW each or 4 reactors of 600 MW each with an electricity generating capacity of 2,400 MW and will be constructed after 2020. Currently, several locations for this plant are being considered, some on the Someş River. The French company Areva has been mentioned as a possible constructor for the new plant.
A March 2008 statement by the head of SNN "Nuclearelectrica" said that up to four more units by 2020 at a new site were proposed, and early in 2009 site selection was still under way. In May it was announced that Târnăveni municipality in Târgu Mures district of Transylvania, and on the Mureşul River in central Romania was favoured, with a site in the nearby Sibiu district on the Olt River as second choice. Three sites on the Someş River in Transylvania have also been mentioned, for 2400 MWe of capacity to be built after 2020. Areva has been approached to contribute to planning, with a view to a second plant being commissioned by 2030.

</doc>
<doc id="18489687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489687" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Khulna">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Khulna

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Khulna () is a diocese located in the city of Khulna in the Ecclesiastical province of Dhaka in Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="18489701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489701" title="CCSL (disambiguation)">
CCSL (disambiguation)

CCSL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18489712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489712" title="Alumot">
Alumot

Alumot (, "lit." Sheaves) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located to the south of the Sea of Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Emek HaYarden Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 215.
History.
Kibbutz Alumot was formed in 1936 by a kvutza of graduates of the Ben Shemen Agricultural School. In 1940, the group moved to a temporary site known as "Poriya Alumot" (now Poria Illit). They earned a living from agriculture and a sanatorium, "Beit Alumot". In 1947 they established a permanent settlement on a hill overlooking Lake Kinneret. Due to a shortage of water, agricultural land and new members, the kibbutz was dismantled in 1969 and re-established the following year by immigrants from Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18489718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489718" title="Cosmorhoe ocellata">
Cosmorhoe ocellata

The Purple Bar "(Cosmorhoe ocellata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.
The wingspan is 20–25 mm. The length of the forewings is 13–15 mm. The moths fly from May to August. .
The larvae feed on various types of bedstraw.

</doc>
<doc id="18489720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489720" title="Wang Wu (painter)">
Wang Wu (painter)

Wang Wu (); ca. 1632-1690 was a Chinese painter and poet during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912).
Wang was born in Wu country in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Qingzhong' and his sobriquets were 'Xuedian daoren and Wang'an'. Wang specialized in bird-and-flower painting, using a brilliant and minute style. Unlike many painters of the time, Wang was not affiliated with any school of painting.

</doc>
<doc id="18489723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489723" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Mymensingh">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mymensingh

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mymensingh () is a diocese located in the city of Mymensingh in the Ecclesiastical province of Dhaka in Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="18489741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18489741" title="Newthorpe, Greasley and Shipley Gate railway station">
Newthorpe, Greasley and Shipley Gate railway station

Newthorpe, Greasley and Shipley Gate railway station was a former railway station which served the villages of Newthorpe, Greasley and Shipley Gate on the border of Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire. It was opened by the Great Northern Railway (Great Britain) on its Derbyshire Extension and closed in 1963.
The main, red brick buildings of the station were on the Up platform at the North side of the double track with access for passengers from Mill Lane. The Up and Down platforms were connected by a latticework footbridge. There was a signal box at the East end of the Down platform, which also accommodated a small waiting room.
There were brickworks served by railway sidings on both sides of the line directly to the East of the station. The Eastwood Brick and Pottery Company was to the North of the line and the Erewash Brick, Pipe and Pottery Company to the South. These later became amalgamated as the Manners Brick Company. Directly to the North of the station sidings served the Wilkins Wire Rope Company later known as the Birnam Products subsidiary of Tinsley Wire Industries which, as of 2009, is owned by Magna International, manufacturing car seats.
Directly to the West of the station a branch line left the railway on the South side of the track which once served the Eastwood Colliery. Both the branch line and the main line passed under a substantial three span bridge which carried Mill Lane (more recently known as Newmanleys Road) over the railway. When this colliery was closed the branch was used as a siding.

</doc>
