<doc id="19760429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760429" title="List of Rosario + Vampire characters">
List of Rosario + Vampire characters

The Japanese manga series "Rosario + Vampire" features an extensive cast of characters by Akihisa Ikeda. The main character of the series is Tsukune Aono, a teenage boy who, after not getting accepted to any local high schools, enrolls in Yokai Academy, a boarding school for monsters. He meets Moka Akashiya, a vampire who soon takes a liking to the sweet taste of his blood, and throughout the series, befriends and attracts a variety of monster girls including: Kurumu Kurono, a succubus; Yukari Sendo and Ruby Tojo, who are witches; and Mizore Shirayuki, a snow fairy. While protecting Tsukune's identity as a human, they join the school's Newspaper Club and wind up fighting a variety of monster gangs, as well as some teachers. In the second manga serialization, the News Club faces more monster characters, and a larger organization known as Fairy Tale, whose members include Moka's own family.
In developing the characters for the series, Ikeda cited influences from Tim Burton's works, and research on various monsters from encyclopedias and the Internet. The characters have been commented on by reviewers, who had mixed feelings about Ikeda's artwork, but criticized the character development and its missed potential. The anime adaptation received negative criticism for its fanservice, and mixed reviews for other aspects such as voice acting. Characters have also featured in various merchandise, character songs and polls; as well as in parodies on other shows.
Conception and development.
Ikeda drew inspirations from "Kaibutsu-kun" and has incorporated some references later into the first serialization of the "Rosario + Vampire" manga. In an interview at Lucca Comics 2012, Ikeda said he is a big fan of Tim Burton and was inspired by his works, including "The Nightmare Before Christmas", and particularly "Edward Scissorhands" because the monster has a sensitive soul. He had also researched various monsters from encyclopedias and the Internet. He started with his passion for vampires, and the concept of a beautiful girl vampire with a crucifix around her neck and then created the school of monsters, Tsukune, and others afterwards. He credits the beautiful girls for the series' popularity and added the fighting elements.
Ikeda has mentioned that he has great respect for real-life teachers, so he designed the monster ones to contrast that and be more comical. He also introduced Fangfang Huang to increase the number of male characters and to attract a more female audience. He created a male counterpart that looks feminine to increase the comic element. During the development of "Season II", he also acknowledged that the series would have a finite ending. He introduced San Otonashi to reflect the feelings and struggles of young people as they ponder their futures and transitioning into the working world. In "Season II, Volume 8", he noted that he had to postpone the publishing date because he took so much time in drawing it. In "Season II, Volume 11", he mentions his favorite manga characters from other series are: Dio ("Jojo's Bizarre Adventure"), Toguro ("Yu Yu Hakusho"), Hakumen ("Ushio To Tora"), and Master Kogan ("Shigurui") - the villains who "have an inimitable style and play by their own rules. They're powerful and dark, but there's something melancholy about them too as well...and that's what draws me to them." He hopes his villains (Aqua, Gyokuro, Miyabi, Kiria, and others) would draw readers.
Protagonists (Newspaper Club).
The main protagonists are club members of the school's newspaper, the . The club president is Ginei Morioka and the staff advisor is Shizuka Nekonome.
Ruby Tojo.
In the anime, her backstory is different: her parents are not mentioned; Oyakata is already dead, but lives in her mind as a delusion. She carries out Oyakata's actions from the manga against Tsukune and the girls. In the second season, her various jobs become a running gag where she has a "long story" as to how she got involved. 
Ginei Morioka.
, nicknamed , is the president of the Newspaper Club, and a year senior to Tsukune. He delegates most of the work to Tsukune and the gang. He is good-looking and a ladies' man, although he is heavily perverted, which causes the News Club girls to keep their distance from him, as well as warn others of his behavior. Prior to the manga series, "Mad Dog" Morioka enjoys fighting and getting into trouble until the News Club president San Otonashi defeats him. His monster form is a werewolf. Gin is voiced by Tomokazu Seki in the Japanese dub, and by Ian Sinclair in the English dub.
Antagonists.
Students.
The series follows a monster-of-the-week format in introducing the student antagonists. Classmate is infatuated with Moka, but when he assaults her, he becomes the first victim of a beating by Moka when she transforms to her inner personality. tries to recruit Tsukune to the swim club; as a mermaid, she exploits Moka's weakness to water. leads a group of lizardmen to bully Yukari. blackmails Kurumu into posing in embarrassing cosplay outfits, and transforms into a slug. In a bonus chapter following the end of the first manga serialization, befriends Moka as a fellow vampire, but is actually an "onimodoki", a pseudo-demon that copies the forms of stronger monsters. Other student characters are introduced in the anime series.
Staff.
In developing some of the teacher characters for the series, Ikeda said that he has great respect for real-life teachers, so he designed the monster ones to contrast that and be more comical. Several teachers serve as antagonists to Tsukune and the News Club girls.
Protection Committee.
The enforces the school rules. Their bullying has resulted in many clubs being shut down, including reducing the News Club members to Ginei Morioka. Notable members include:
Anti-Schoolers and Monstrels.
The serve as the primary antagonists in the second half of the first manga serialization. Some of its members are revealed to be "monstrels": half-breeds that take no definitive, physical form of anything classified as a supernatural creature (such as vampires and werewolves). They have an extreme hatred of pure-blooded "yōkai", who they claim look down on half-breeds and force them into subservience. Their abilities include transforming parts of their body into weapons. They take winning fights very seriously: any member who loses, especially to a purebred, is executed. They despise Yokai Academy's goal of having monsters get along with humans, and want instead for the monsters to return to their base predatory natures. In volume 7 of the first manga series, they make threats to ruin the School Festival and assign blame to the Newspaper Club. It is later revealed that Hokuto Kaneshiro, the president of the School Committee, is secretly the leader of the Anti-Schoolers. The group does not appear in the anime adaptation, as the anime focuses more on the romantic comedy aspect of the series, although individual monstrel characters have made appearances as antagonists.
Fairy Tale.
When the News Club invades Fairy Tale's headquarters, they face a variety of divisional leaders: , the leader of the 5th Branch is a thunder beast that uses lightning-based attacks.. , the deputy leader of the 4th Branch is a sadistic girl in a polka-dot dress who carries a chainsaw. is the leader of the 4th Branch and the leader of the Miao family; he and Fangfang were childhood friends until the Masked King murders his father and forces Xilong and the Miao family to work for Fairy Tale.
Supporting characters.
Dark Lords.
Over two centuries before the events in the series, the Three Dark Lords defeat and seal the vampire monster Alucard. In addition to Tenmei Mikogami there are:
Reception.
The characters of "Rosario + Vampire" have received criticism from publications dedicated to anime, manga, and other media. Theron Martin of Anime News Network describes Tsukune as a "cookie-cutter harem male lead, an unfailingly kind-hearted, indecisive wimp who primarily has a thing for Moka but still treasures the other girls as friends." Carlo Santos of Anime News Network, in reviewing the manga, noted Tsukune's character design as lazy: "shove in any other male protagonist from a harem series and nobody would notice too much". He found the girls "distinctive, if predictable (the beauty, the boobs, the jailbait)", but concluded in a later volume that "The story's never going to go anywhere, the characters are never going to go anywhere, and the artwork is always going to have that same polished-but-flawed look." Stig Høgset of THEM Anime Reviews found Moka to be ditzy and a "pink-haired dolt"; he criticized her lack of vampire weaknesses such as walking around in broad daylight at a beach, but found her alternate personality as "pretty damn badass", "a great addition to the show, if a severely underutilized one", and wished that her character was developed better. Deb Aoki of About.com called Moka a magical ditz who loves the doofus but also kicks butt. Neil Lumbard of DVD Talk noted that Kokoa is not another character that has a massive crush on the same guy; however, Høgset noted that her anime role was reduced to obnoxious comedy acts.
Carlo Santos, in reviewing the manga volumes, found the antagonist monster designs to interest him the most, and wished Ikeda would have focused the story on action-fantasy themed manga. He called antagonist Hokuto Kaneshiro a "dead ringer for Light Yagami from "Death Note"" and smarter than the usual monsters of the week, but the storyline he is placed in is predictable. Although he liked that Hokuto had a "shocking truth...that could have been a game-changer for the series", he was disappointed in Ikeda's resolution to the story: "Hokuto has an arbitrary, unconvincing change of heart, school life is reset to the way it was, and the villain walks off as if nothing happened." He found the canned phrases of the girls fighting in some of the comedy chapters to be entertaining, including Kyoko's gold mine of one-liners. Høgset found the bat to be really obnoxious with its spouting useless trivia, repeating what happens to Moka, and things that bring the story to a grinding halt or "make you want to bludgeon your brain out of your cranium with something made of metal." Serdar Yegulalp of About.com also agrees about the bat bringing the action to dead halt. He found the character introductions repetitive, and wished they would deviate from the harem formula and develop into lively, sympathetic ones like with "Ouran High School Host Club".
The anime series, directed by Takayuki Inagaki who has worked on "Desert Punk" and "Indian Summer", has an abundance of fanservice and panty shots that have been heavily criticized from reviewers in manga and anime, who have compared the show to panty-ridden series such as "Najica Blitz Tactics" and "Agent Aika". Lumbard was disgusted by the fanservice of weird sexual imagery around Yukari, and lowered his overall opinion of the "Capu2" series because of it. Høgset wrote that the series was like "Shuffle!" with more fanservice with "average 'all the girls dotes on the guy' stupidity". Deb Aoki found the fanservice in the manga to be a bit unwholesome and cheesy, but underneath were teen themes about friendship, loyalty, and courage. Reception on the characters' fanservice has been acknowledged by Ikeda. In the bonus comics at the end of "Season II, Volume 6", Ikeda responds to a fan letter that criticizes that the News Club girls artwork in the manga is not as "moe" as in the anime by having them go over aspects of moe that has already incorporated such as cat ears, knee socks, large breasts, twin tails, long bangs, as well as what the girls would look like when drawn with large eyes, distinguishing accessories and speech inflections. When asked in an interview about the fewer panty shots compared to other shōnen manga; Ikeda replied that he favors showing less as it would be more erotic and intriguing.
Høgset compared Tsukune to the main male protagonist Riku Aoba from "Tokimeki Memorial ~Only Love~", "right down to the nasally whiny voice". Martin noted the voice performances of the English dub to be very solid, with Alexis Tipton "exactly hitting the mark in the key role as the human-form Moka", Todd Haberkorn as "Funimation's go-to guy for wimpy male leads", Monica Rial as natural for Yukari, and Jerry Jewell as "great but nearly unrecognizable as the bat." He also liked the dubbing of the insert songs, "Other dubbing companies could learn something from them on this, as at least the actors used for the songs can actually sing".
In 2008, Moka was elected by UGO Networks as the fortieth "sexiest vampire" in their list of Top 50 Sexiest Vampires in entertainment history, with the staff commenting on her relation with Tsukune, and that she "turns into a fierce predator that kicks ass with abandon".
Merchandise.
"Rosario + Vampire" characters have been made into figurines, key chains (including Moka's rosario), cellphone straps, and pin sets. One company has made playing cards of the characters. Funimation announced that it has licensed the merchandise rights for products in North America.
Character songs were developed to accompany the anime series and published by King Records in 2008. They include single albums by each of the News Club girls, and the girls combined, some of which have a lyrics credit to Yasushi Akimoto of AKB48 fame. Moka's first character single debuted at number 42 on the Oricon weekly chart, and remained for four weeks. Her character single for the second anime series reached number 40, and remained for three weeks. Drama CDs also accompany the series, and feature the voice actors from the anime series in additional stories.
Appearances in other media.
Characters from "Rosario + Vampire" have appeared in other manga and anime. In the second episode of the "Good Luck Girl!" anime, when Momiji poses for a picture, she briefly assumes Moka Akashiya's look with pink hair, school uniform and rosario; she then mentions joining the Newspaper Club. 

</doc>
<doc id="19760438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760438" title="Mr. Men">
Mr. Men

Mr. Men is a series of 49 children's books by Roger Hargreaves commencing in 1971. Two of these books were not published in English. The series features characters with names such as "Mr. Tickle" and "Mr. Happy" who have personalities and physical attributes based on their names. From 1981, an accompanying series of 42 Little Miss books by the same author, but with female characters, were published, although nine of them were not published in English. After Hargreaves's death in 1988, his son Adam Hargreaves began writing and illustrating new stories, including four characters that his father had developed before his death.
Each book in the original Mr. Men and Little Miss series introduced a different title character and his/her single dominant personality to convey a simple moral lesson. The Mr. Men and Little Miss characters frequently reappeared in other characters books. The books' simple stories, with brightly coloured, boldly drawn illustrations, made them very popular, with sales of over 100 million worldwide across 28 countries.
History.
The first six "Mr. Men" books were published in United Kingdom in 1971, priced at 20p each. Mr. Tickle was the first Mr. Men character created by Hargreaves, inspired by his son, Adam, who had asked him what a tickle looked like. Hargreaves responded with a round, orange figure with long, bendy arms.
A competition was held in the British "Sunday Times" newspaper for children to submit their own Mr. Men character for inclusion in a limited edition celebrating the 30th anniversary of the series. "Mr. Cheeky", submitted by then eight-year old Gemma Almond, was selected as the winning entry. Gemma's creation led to a book featuring her character being published; it was sold only in W H Smith branches, with a portion of the proceeds going to a charity supporting children with leukaemia.
In April 2004, Hargreaves' widow Christine sold the rights to the Mr. Men and Little Miss characters to UK entertainment group Chorion for £28 million. In 2006, to celebrate 35 years of Mr. Men and 25 years of Little Miss, "Mr. Birthday" and "Little Miss Birthday" were published. There was also an art exhibition at the Animation Art Gallery in central London. In October 2006, Adam Hargreaves created the first Little Miss character based on a real person, Stella McCartney, which he named "Little Miss Stella". This was published as a limited edition of 1,000 copies for use as fashion show invitations.
The typeface for the original books from "Little Miss Bossy" to "Little Miss Star" is Univers, with the books from "Little Miss Busy" to "Little Miss Somersault" using Helvetica. All the other books in the series use Optima.
In February 2011, 20th Century Fox and 21 Laps Entertainment announced plans for an animated film.
In 2011, Sanrio, the Japanese design company best known as the creators of Hello Kitty, announced that they had reached an agreement to acquire the rights to the Mr. Men and Little Miss characters from Chorion. This marked the first time that Sanrio had licensed a third-party character since owning the rights to Osamu Tezuka's Unico character in the late 1970s and early 1980s, which was returned to Tezuka Productions after Tezuka's death in 1989.
Setting.
The stories are set in a fictional universe called "Misterland", which is inhabited by the Mr. Men and Little Misses themselves, as well as some ordinary human characters and animals. Misterland is connected to the real world, as referenced in the story Mr. Fussy: "'I'm your cousin,' replied Mr. Clumsy. 'Your long lost cousin from Australia.'" Although multi-coloured and often oddly shaped, the Mr. Men are human in their behaviours and attributes.
Product range.
There are 80 licensees selling "Mr. Men" and "Little Miss" products, including:
List of books.
The following is a list of the book titles with year of first publication and associated ISBNs given in parenthesis. There are many more titles published as translations including works in Mandarin, French, Spanish, Dutch, Greek, Icelandic, Hebrew, German, Portuguese, Gaeilge, and others.
Little Owl.
These stories were published as Little Owl Storytime – "The Children's Choice".
TV series.
The Mr. Men characters were adapted into two animated television series in 1974 that consisted of a total of 28 episodes. They were produced by Terry Ward's company, Flicks Films (formerly known as 101 Film Productions) in partnership with Trevor Bond and broadcast by the BBC. The voices and narration were provided by Arthur Lowe, well known from his role as Captain Mainwaring in the sitcom "Dad's Army," who used regional accents for some of the characters. The musical theme was composed by Tony Hymas.
The 28 episodes were:
During 1983, a further series featuring the Little Miss characters was produced by Flicks Films. This was narrated by husband and wife John Alderton and Pauline Collins. The 13 Little Miss episodes were:
Another series, "Mr. Men and Little Miss", was produced by Marina Productions in 1995 and aired on television from 1995 to 1997; these stories were narrated by Geoffrey Palmer aired on Nick Jr and Channel 5's "Milkshake!".
In 2006, Renegade Animation produced a series, "The Mr. Men Show", a new American animated series which debuted on the Cartoon Network (US) and on Channel 5's "Milkshake!" (UK) program in February 2008. There were only 25 characters featured in the first season, and most had their names or appearances altered. The Mr. Men Show was written and produced by Eryk Casemiro and Kate Boutilier, and directed by Mark Risley. The creative team was a combined effort of personnel from Nickelodeon's "Rugrats", "The Wild Thornberrys", and "As Told by Ginger". The opening and closing narration was voiced by actor Simon Callow in the UK version and Joseph J. Terry in the US version.
Film.
In 2011, it was reported that 20th Century Fox Animation will produce an animated feature film based on the "Mr. Men" book series, with Shawn Levy and his company 21 Laps Entertainment producing the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19760440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760440" title="Pretty Good Dance Moves">
Pretty Good Dance Moves

Pretty Good Dance Moves is an indietronic band from Chicago, Illinois in the United States. Their sound, sometimes also labeled as electropop, draws considerable influence from 80s new wave, electronic, pop and indie rock genres.
Career.
Genesis of the Group.
Pretty Good Dance Moves started in 2007 in Chicago when Aaron and Jimmy met while bartending together in Chicago.
Pretty Good Dance Moves's first songs were "P.G.D.M" and "Demons Dancing" which were recorded between June and September 2007. Jimmy and Aaron were looking for some female presence in the group and called up Genevieve Schatz from Chicago band Company of Thieves and started to create music together. Her vocal performances are featured on the earliest songs Pretty Good Dance Moves produced, which were written and recorded between January and May 2007. would remain an integral part of the group's creative process.
Early Acclaim.
Pretty Good Dance Moves self-released, self-titled EP struck a chord with the influential Chicago Sun-Times music critic and former Rolling Stone editor, Jim DeRogatis. After a favorable review in Chicago's biggest daily, the band got noticed by Chicago music goers and music journalists from publications like SPIN, Time Out Magazine, the Chicago Tribune and influential music blogs.
Pretty Good Dance Moves went on to win Famecast's award for best electronic video, which included $10,000 in award money and features in Billboard magazine.
In 2011, Pretty Good Dance Moves signed to Mad Dragon Records to release their first full-length entitled "Limo". The LP is set to release on Feb 7, 2012 and features Sabina Sciubba of Brazilian Girls on vocals.
Style.
The music magazine SPIN Magazine has compared their earliest songs to indietronic band The Postal Service. Pretty Good Dance Moves EP has also been compared to James Murphy's house music project LCD Soundsystem, UK downtempo group Zero 7 and the Brazilian Girls.
Collaborations.
Pretty Good Dance Moves has collaborated with Genevieve Schatz from Chicago band Company of Thieves, American comedienne Kristen Schaal famously known from HBO series Flight of the Conchords in the making of the music video for the song "Demons Dancing" and America's Next Top Model runner up Shandy Sullivan in the making of the music video for "In the Heat of the Night". The band is currently working on collaborations with members of Chicago indie rock group The Changes and Chicago electronic rock band Walter Meego.

</doc>
<doc id="19760446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760446" title="Terry Allvord">
Terry Allvord

Terry "Crash" Allvord (born 1964) is an American baseball executive selected by President George H. W. Bush to establish baseball for the Armed Forces in the modern-era. He founded United States Navy Baseball Club, U.S. Military All-Stars and teams in all other branches of the military before leading the most unique baseball enterprise ever created with current Baltimore Orioles President of Baseball Operations and former Montreal Expos and Boston Red Sox General Manager, Dan Duquette to develop a military farm system to provide professional opportunities to armed forces. Built under the umbrella of the U.S. Military All-Stars, the organization comprises more than 50 teams worldwide at the military, collegiate and professional levels featuring teams in the Canadian American Association of Professional Baseball, New England Collegiate Baseball League, Latin Stars and Heroes of the Diamond.
Career.
A native of Santa Monica, California, Allvord began his career in sports as a hawker for the California Angels and was a standout catcher invited to tryout for USA Baseball. He joined the U.S. Navy in June 1985 and completed his degree while on active duty. After graduation in 1990 from Southern Illinois University, with honors he was selected for OCS and flight training in Pensacola, Florida. He went on to serve 23 years and seven tours in the Middle East with over 5,000 flight hours as a crew chief, rescue swimmer, naval aviator and Defense/Acquisition Program Manager for the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In 1993, he founded the "National Search and Rescue Competition / SAR Olympics" featuring the top military and civilian Combat, Inland, Maritime and Urban Search and Rescue professionals worldwide attracting international defense, corporate and media interest. During Operation Iraqi Freedom, he served on the , and Commander Task Force 76, as air officer for Rear Admiral Gary Jones. He also served as Director, Special Programs for Commander, Navy Region Southwest creating the annual Navy-Marine Corps All-Star Game, the centerpiece in building the San Diego Padres into the Official Team of the Navy and Marine Corps.
Navy-Marine Corps All-Star Game.
Allvord created the Navy-MarineCorps All-Star Game played each summer immediately following a San Diego Padres game. The event features the "Best of the Best" dedicated to Pearl Harbor survivor Commander Lawrence S. Jackman, U.S. Navy. The most valuable player award is dedicated to Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Wayne Kidd, USMC, who was killed in the line of duty while stationed at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton in March 1996. The annual event serves to showcase the most talented players in the armed forces. Allvord worked with Kevin Towers, General Manager of the San Diego Padres to sign prospects. Cooper Brannan, who as a Corporal in the United States Marines lost his pinky finger on his left hand (his non pitching hand) while serving in Iraq. He signed as a wounded warrior with the San Diego Padres in February 2007 and pitched in 20 games for the Rookie-level Arizona League Padres in 2007 and the Class-A Eugene Emeralds in 2008. In 2009, he pitched for the American Defenders of New Hampshire. The current record for the annual contest is a 9-9 tie between the Navy and Marine Corps. The most recent contest was claimed by the U.S. Military All-Stars defeating the United States Marine Corps 12-1 and played in Tony Gwynn Stadium at San Diego State University.
U.S. Military All-Stars "Red, White & Blue Tour".
The U.S. Military All-Stars have earned 15 Armed Forces Championships and dedicated to the proud tradition and growth of military baseball worldwide. Players represent some of the most talented first responders and military athletes in the world. Most have deployed in the Global War on Terrorism and "Promote the Awareness of all Americans in Support of the Honorable Sacrifices our Armed Forces make on the front lines." Over 25,000 active duty, reserve, Veterans and first responders have participated in the program, making it the most popular summer baseball exhibition in the world. In 2002, the program was featured on the CBS TV series "JAG" episode "The Boast". The annual Louisville Slugger "Red, White & Blue Tour" barnstorming 45 states and 12 countries makes it possible to compete against the top summer collegiate and professional teams around the world. 
Following the 2008 season, Dan Duquette joined forces with retired U.S. Navy Commander Terry Allvord, founder of the U.S. Military All-Stars "Red, White & Blue Tour" and executives of Nocona Athletic Goods Company to create a new ownership group dedicated to providing opportunities for members of the United States' armed forces and military academies. The group changed the name of the Dukes to the Pittsfield American Defenders, which has a double meaning for the U.S. military (as defenders of America), and a new glove made by Nokona, called the American Defender. The new alignment of the ownership group featured instant growth to five teams, which included the Nashua Pride name change to American Defenders of New Hampshire of the Can-Am League, managed by former Red Sox Brian Daubach; the U.S. Military All-Stars "Red, White & Blue Tour" (Domestic); the U.S. Military All-Stars "Red, White & Blue Diplomacy Tour" (International); and the Latin Stars. The U.S. Military All-Stars continue their reputation as a patriotic force in baseball with impressive winning credentials. They posted a record of 31-6-1 against professional and summer collegiate programs like the Boston Red Sox and Cape Cod Baseball League. Over 20 players were offered professional contracts in 2009, making it an ideal source for future talent.
U.S. Military All-Stars "Red, White & Blue Diplomacy Tour".
Created annual Baseball Diplomacy Friendship Tours for Southern and Central Commands, 7th Fleet and Major League Baseball in support of missions to Iraq, Afghanistan, Japan, Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, Panama, Nicaragua, Honduras, Cuba, and Chile. Established partnership with MLB Alumni to provide initial field managing experience to former major league players including: Brian Daubach, Iván Cruz, Pedro Guerrero, Rick Wilkins, Elías Sosa and Omar Moreno.
Heroes of the Diamond "Road to Ground Zero Tour".
Over the past decade, the Ground Zero Flag that was on site when President George W. Bush delivered his famous "Bullhorn Speech" following the September 11 attacks has been presented to thousands of heroes in ceremonies from Iraq to Afghanistan and back. In 2011, the Ground Zero Flag was presented all over the nation by the U.S. Military All-Stars during the "Road to Ground Zero Tour" on its cross-country journey.
American Defenders of New Hampshire.
Following the 2008 season, a Nashua resident who bought the team in January 2006 to prevent it from relocating sold the team to the American Defenders of New Hampshire, LLC led by Dan Duquette who joined forces with retired U.S. Navy Commander Terry Allvord, founder of the U.S. Military All-Stars "Red, White & Blue Tour" and executives of Nocona Athletic Goods Company to create a new ownership group dedicated to providing opportunities for members of the United States' armed forces and military academies. The group changed the club's name from the Nashua Pride to the American Defenders of New Hampshire, placing more emphasis on state-wide appeal. They kept General Manager Chris Hall and promoted Brian Daubach from Hitting Coach to Field Manager. Despite an extremely challenging inaugural season and renovation of Historic Holman Stadium and suites, the Defenders were renamed and moved to Pittsfield, Massachusetts. The Pittsfield Colonials played for the CanAm League Championship in year two and returned to the Play-offs in season three.
American Defenders.
In their inaugural season, the Defenders were led by former American Baseball Coaches Association Chairman and collegiate baseball legends Dr. Carroll Land and Coach Bob Warn assisted by Coach Ron Swen. Due to the timing of the new partnership and the desire to hold as many spots as possible for players from military schools and service academies, the roster was extremely late in taking shape. The military academies had a hard time providing talent to a premier NECBL team interested in dedicating their efforts to provide an opportunity for their players. Add to that a nation-wide economic downturn, stadium under construction, a daily sun delay and at one point submerged under two feet of water, and Pittsfield faced every challenge imaginable.
Newport Gulls.
Allvord worked alongside baseball legend Lou Gorman to lead the Newport Gulls as Vice President, General Manager and Head Coach, expanding fan interest and franchise values among 12 teams in 5 New England States. He built the foundation for the franchise leading the Gulls to Back-to-Back New England Collegiate Baseball League Championships in 2001–2002 while recruiting numerous future major leaguers setting records on and off the field placing the franchise in the top three for attendance, sales, and wins.
Naval Academy Preparatory School.
He was the first-ever Athletic Director selected to lead the Navy's fourth oldest school while serving on active duty; only the Naval War College, the Naval Postgraduate School and the Naval Academy are older. As Head Baseball Coach, Allvord guided the program to a 22-5 record in his first year following 14 straight losing seasons. Over 90 new records were set during his tenure at the Naval Academy Preparatory School, known as NAPS. It serves as the preparatory school for the United States Naval Academy located at Naval Station Newport, Rhode Island. Due to the difficult nature of the Naval Academy's entrance examination, then Undersecretary of the Navy Franklin D. Roosevelt also allowed the school to prepare Sailors and Marines with the mission "To enhance Midshipman Candidates' moral, mental, and physical foundations to prepare them for success at the United States Naval Academy".
Honors.
In 2003, he earned the Captain Harry T. Jenkins Leadership Award, was National Image Award finalist and was selected as an Advantage Hero Vet. He served in the aftermath of numerous disasters including Hurricane Katrina and Ground Zero at the World Trade Center in New York City assisting in the recovery of personnel lost in the 9-11 tragedy arriving on scene less than 24-hours after the attack. His experiences led him to establish the "So Others May Live Foundation" and his story "Back from Ground Zero" was published worldwide.
Books.
He has also written two books for use by military recruiters: "The Mustang Handbook: Guide to Becoming a Military Officer" and "Goal Setting: Formula for Success". He was a contributor to "When Baseball Went to War" and continues his work on a fourth book, "Home and Away: An American Life in the 9-11 Generation". He is co-author of "Heroes of the Diamond" a children's book featuring the historic mission to return a Ground Zero Flag back to New York for the 10th anniversary of 9-11.
Heroes of the Diamond. 2011, ISBN 1-936319-51-9

</doc>
<doc id="19760455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760455" title="Willard L. Boyd">
Willard L. Boyd

Willard Lee Boyd (born March 29, 1927) is an American legal scholar, academic administrator, and
President Emeritus of The University of Iowa and Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago, Illinois. He is currently on the faculty of the University of Iowa College of Law as the Rawlings/Miller Professor of Law and President Emeritus.
Early years and career.
Boyd grew up on Commonwealth Avenue in St. Paul, MN, attending Murray High School, St. Paul, Minnesota, graduating in 1944. He served as a U.S. Navy Hospital Corpsman from 1945 to 1947. He went on the University of Minnesota, where he earned his B.S.L in 1949, and received his LL.B. from the University of Minnesota Law School in 1951. He was admitted to the Minnesota Bar in 1951. Boyd then attended the University of Michigan Law School, where he received an LL.M. in 1952. He worked as an Associate attorney at Minneapolis law firm Dorsey & Whitney from 1952 to 1954.
Academia.
After a brief time in private practice, Boyd entered academia, teaching law at The University of Iowa College of Law from 1954 to 1964; during this time he earned his S.J.D. from Michigan in 1962. He became a member of the Iowa Bar in 1958. His career as an academic administrator began in 1964, when he served as Associate Dean of the College of Law before becoming Vice President of Academic Affairs and Dean of the Faculties for The University of Iowa, a position he held from 1964 to 1969.
In 1969, Boyd succeeded Howard Bowen as the fifteenth President of The University of Iowa. He served until 1981, and was eventually followed by James O. Freedman. He served as Chairman of the American Association of Universities from 1979 to 1980.
After ending his tenure as a university president, Boyd served as the President of the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago from 1981 to 1996. During this time, he was one of the first recipients of the Charles Frankel Prize (now the National Humanities Medal) in 1989, honoring his efforts to bring history, literature, philosophy and other humanities disciplines to general audiences.
He returned to Iowa in 2002 to serve as interim president, holding the role between 2002 and 2003 until being succeeded by David J. Skorton. After serving as Acting President, he returned to teaching as the Rawlings-Miller Professor of Law in 2003; he also was the Chester Phillips Research Fellow at the Tippie College of Business at Iowa from 2003 to 2006.
He is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Law Institute, the Department of State Cultural Property Advisory Committee and the board of National Arts Strategies and chairs the Iowa Cultural Trust.
The Boyd Law Building at the University of Iowa is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19760469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760469" title="Ciudad Jiménez">
Ciudad Jiménez

Jiménez (officially, José Mariano Jiménez) is a city and seat of the municipality of Jiménez, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2005, the city had a total population of 33,567. By 2010 the population increased to 34281.
It was founded on January 4, 1753, under the name of Real Presidio de Santa Maria de las Caldas del Valle de Huejoquilla.
The current name (since 1826) honors Independence War hero José Mariano Jiménez. It was given city status in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="19760485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760485" title="2005 Formula Renault seasons">
2005 Formula Renault seasons

This page describes all the 2005 seasons of Formula Renault series.
__NOTOC__
Formula Renault 2.0L.
2005 Formula Renault 2.0 UK season.
The series reward also the Graduate Cup (G) for young drivers.
2005 Formula Renault 2.0 Italia season.
Point system : 30, 24, 20, 16, 12, 10, 8, 6, 4, 2 for 10th. In each race 2 point for Fastest lap and 2 for Pole position.
2005 Formula Renault 2.0 Italia Winter Series.
Point system : 20, 15, 12, 10, 8, 6, 4, 3, 2, 1 for 10th.
2005 Formula Renault 2.0 Netherlands season.
The following table is incomplete and show only the points results from each drivers.
2005 Copa Corona Formula Renault 2000 de America season.
The series reward also the best rookie (N).
The June 12 round in the Autódromo de Aguascalientes was cancelled.
2005 Formula TR 2000 Pro Series season.
The Formula TR 20000 Pro Series is held with the Formula TR 1600 Pro Series. The same point system is used.
Formula Renault 1.6L.
2005 Championnat de France Formule Campus Renault Elf La Filière FFSA season.
All drivers use the La Fillière car. The championship is held on various French circuits:
2005 Formula Junior 1.6 Italia powered by Renault season.
The season was held on 6 races in Italia.
2005 Copa Corona Fórmula Renault Jr. 1600 season.
The Copa Corona Formula 1600 Junior is held with the Formula Renault 2000 de America on the same races. The same point system is used.
2005 Formula TR 1600 Pro Series season.
The Formula TR 1600 Pro Series is held with the Formula TR 2000 Pro Series. The same point system is used.
Other Formulas powered by Renault championships.
2005 GP2 Series season.
The GP2 Series are powered by 4 liters, V8 Renault engine and Bridgestone tyres with a Dallara chassis.

</doc>
<doc id="19760504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760504" title="Joseph Warren Holmes">
Joseph Warren Holmes

Captain Joseph Warren Holmes (April 1, 1824 – December 12, 1912) was an American sea captain noted for sailing around Cape Horn 84 times and Cape of Good Hope 14 times without a shipwreck or loss of a crewman. He had a 63 year career at sea, including 55 commanding clipper ships and others.
Early life.
Joseph Warren Holmes was born on April 1, 1824 in Mystic, Connecticut Joseph Warren Holmes's father was Jeremiah Holmes. Jeremiah Holmes was a part of the War of 1812 and at the time was well respected in Mystic, Connecticut.
Ships under Holmes' command.
Captain Holmes sailed as master on various ships in the course of his career, including four ships built in Mystic, Connecticut: the bark "Frances", clipper "Seminole", and ships "Elisabeth F. Willets" and "Haze".
Descendants.
Joseph Warren Holmes married twice and had one son from his first marriage, Edwin Warren Holmes. He died in San Francisco in 1883. He did have a grandson, also named Edwin Warren Holmes that was born around 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="19760508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760508" title="Bartram Avenue (SEPTA Route 102 station)">
Bartram Avenue (SEPTA Route 102 station)

Bartram Avenue is a stop on the SEPTA Route 102 (Sharon Hill) trolley line in Collingdale, Pennsylvania. The station is officially located at Woodlawn & Bartram Avenues. This is the fourth to last station stop on the Route 102 line, and the third to last stop to run along Woodlawn Avenue.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Chester Pike (US 13) in Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania. Unlike the North Street stop, the Route 102 line travels on its own right-of-way on both sides of the road for which the station is named.

</doc>
<doc id="19760525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760525" title="Great Army of the Ant-Men">
Great Army of the Ant-Men

The Great Army of the Ant-Men is a fictional team of supervillains of the telenovela "The Mutants - the Ways of the Heart". They are also known as the Ant Horde and Ant Drones. Their headquarters are in the old Ant-City ("Formigopolis" in the original Portuguese). They are some of the main antagonists of the second season. Like many other characters in the series who are inspired by another fictional work, the Ant-Men are inspired by the monster enemies from the Locust Horde in the game "Gears of War" and also draw elements from the 1905 short story "Empire of the Ants" by H. G. Wells.
Powers and abilities.
All Ant-Men possess scales over their body and bloodshot eyes. They have superhuman strength compared to fifty times their own size (an in-joke, as ants often appear in cartoons stealing food several times larger than themselves). They are highly social and super organized, rarely splitting up during incidents, and they will fight until death. Their appearance is like aboriginal tribes as they carry spears, darts and aborigine-like shields, and they are seen worshiping several idols across the island. So far the Ant Queen and Carpenter ant are the most powerful of them all and it's possible if the Ant Queen is impregnated by a superhuman mutant, she will conceive a new generation of hybrid ant-men with their male progenitor's abilities.
Os Mutantes - Caminhos do Coração.
The Ant-Men begin their fight against the League of Good when they try to enter Doctor Juli di Trevi's lab. They fight against Bobby and Perpetual, but capture Noah, Mary, Cleo and Tony. These four are taken to the voluptuous and sultry Ant Queen, who wants to make Noah and Tony her Ant Princes in hope of them impregnating her, so that she might give birth to a new and more powerful generation of Ant-Men. The Ant-Men are ordered to kidnap several men around the island to become the Ant King for the Queen.
The Reptilian forces order the Ant-Army to destroy the Agartha Kingdom and they march in, but unknown to them, the Ant-Men are Juli di Trevi's pawns. They will not even get close to the kingdom borders and will fight in the sewers while Juli's agents kidnap the Prophecy's babies, and the League of Good go to their rescue only to leave the Agartha Kingdom unprotected for the Reptilians to invade. The Ant-Men, having felt the Reptilian betrayal and abandoned before their enemies, fight against the League of Good and the Agarthian Army and are massacred to the last one in a single battle. An entire race is wiped out as the Ant Queen, the only fertile female of their army, is also killed. 

</doc>
<doc id="19760531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760531" title="Huejotitán">
Huejotitán

Huejotitán is a village and seat of the municipality of Huejotitán, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2005, the town had a total population of 244.
Huejotitan was the site of a Jesuit mission to the Tarahumara established about 1640.

</doc>
<doc id="19760542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760542" title="Alexis Texas">
Alexis Texas

Alexis Texas (born May 25, 1985) is an American pornographic actress. She began her career in pornography in 2006 at the age of 21.
Biography.
Alexis Texas was born in the Panama military base but was raised in the Castroville area of Texas.
Texas is of German, Puerto Rican and Norwegian descent. Her first scene was with Jack Venice in Shane's World's "College Amateur Tour In Texas", filmed in October 2006, followed by a couple of scenes for Bang Bros in Florida. She then moved to Los Angeles and began shooting scenes for the LA Direct modeling agency in March 2007. Released in February 2008, "Discovering Alexis Texas" was directed by the adult actress Belladonna. In 2009 she formed her own business, Alexis Texas Entertainment, which is a subsidiary of Starlet Entertainment Group. Through SEG, she launched her official membership-based website. She featured on the cover of "Genesis" magazine in April 2009, and "Hustler" magazine's 35th anniversary edition in June 2009. In 2010, she was named by "Maxim" as one of the 12 top female stars in porn. In 2011, she made her crossover debut to mainstream movies starring in the comedy horror film "Bloodlust Zombies". In 2012, she appeared in the music video for Bandz A Make Her Dance by Juicy J. The same year, she signed an exclusive one-year contract with the company Adam & Eve. In 2013 she was one of the 16 actresses portrayed in the Deborah Anderson's documentary film "Aroused".
Personal life.
Alexis was married to pornographic actor, Mr. Pete.

</doc>
<doc id="19760546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760546" title="Siegfried Koitschka">
Siegfried Koitschka

Dr. med. vet. Siegfried Koitschka (6 August 1917 – 17 May 2002) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He is credited with the sinking of the USS Buck (DD-420).
Before taking command of his first U-boat, Koitschka served as watch officer on under the command of Erich Topp. Koitschka and his entire crew were taken prisoner of war following the scuttling of "U-616" on 17 May 1944. "U-616" sank in position after three days of sustained depth charging from the US destroyers USS "Nields", USS "Gleaves", USS "Ellyson", USS "Macomb", USS "Hambleton", USS "Rodman" and USS "Emmons", and by depth charges from a British Vickers Wellington aircraft from No. 36 Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="19760548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760548" title="Jaime Brocal Remohí">
Jaime Brocal Remohí

Jaime Brocal Remohi (usually known in America as just "Jaime Brocal") is a Spanish comic book artist, born in 1936.
Career.
Born in Valencia, Spain, Brocal began his comic career at the age of 20, working of various adventure comics including Leslie Chartiers' The Saint and an adaption of Jules Verne's "From Earth to Moon". In 1960 at the age of 24 Brocal created the adventure series 'Katan' and 'Ogan'. Ten years later he would create the characters 'Kronan', 'Arcane' and 'Ta-ar'. He also worked on various hard cover books such as 'Gandhi', 'Lawrence of Arabia', 'The Jewish People' and 'The History of Islam'. He would later produce illustrations for Planeta de Agostini. He would also work for Japanese company Kodansha, drawing the series 'Kami no Ude'.
Due to his connections with Seleciones Illustrada, Brocal joined Warren Publishing and was one of the first Spanish artists to work for Warren, premiering in Eerie 34 in July 1971. Brocal drew 16 stories for Warren from 1971 through 1974. While at Warren he drew multiple recurring characters including 'Targos' and 'The Mummy', one of the first continuing series published in Eerie.

</doc>
<doc id="19760559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760559" title="Minerva (cable system)">
Minerva (cable system)

The MINERVA cable system is a submarine telecommunications cable system connecting Italy with Cyprus.
It has cable landing points at:
Pentaskhinos connects to Catania by adding a submarine branching unit and a new segment to the existing MedNautilus system, and Yeroskipou connects to Mazara del Vallo by upgrading the relevant part of the LEV cable system.
The Minerva Subsystem is operated and managed by MedNautilus, a wholly owned subsidiary of Telecom Italia Sparkle

</doc>
<doc id="19760574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760574" title="Uncial 0101">
Uncial 0101

Uncial 0101 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 48 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. It is dated palaeographically to the 8th-century. Formerly it was labelled by TV. The manuscript has survived in very fragmentary condition.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of John 1:29-32, on one very small parchment leaf (). The text is written in one column per page, 14 lines per page, in uncial letters.
The nomina sacra are written in an abbreviated forms.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th-century.
The codex currently is located at the Austrian National Library (Pap. G. 39780), at Vienna.
Karl Wessely published its text (facsimile). It was examined by C. R. Gregory (1887) and David C. Parker (2007). In 2008 it was edited by Stanley E. Porter and Wendy J. Porter (facsimile with transcription).

</doc>
<doc id="19760577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760577" title="Bardhyl">
Bardhyl

Bardhyl is an Albanian male given name, coined from the Illyrian name Bardyllis. Etymology suggests the name was derived from Albanian words () meaning "white star". {1}.

</doc>
<doc id="19760579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760579" title="Fighting Cholitas">
Fighting Cholitas

The Fighting Cholitas are a group of female lucha libre wrestlers who perform in El Alto, Bolivia. The Cholitas were the subject of an award-winning 2006 short-subject documentary, "The Fighting Cholitas". 
The Cholitas are part of a group called the Titans of the Ring, which includes both male and female wrestlers. The Titans perform each Sunday for an audience of hundreds at El Alto's Multifunctional Center; tickets to the exhibitions cost $1.
The idea of including female wrestlers as a maneuver for publicity came from Juan Mamami, a wrestler and president of the Titans. They routinely attract over a thousand spectators to their bouts in El Alto and several hundred spectators when they travel with the Titans to smaller towns.
Like the general population of El Alto, which consists almost entirely of Aymara and Quechua residents, the Cholitas are indigenous. They wear braided hair, bowler hats and multilayered skirts in the ring.
According to a 2005 "New York Times" article, the Titans earn about $13 for each bout. Most of the wrestlers have other jobs besides their wrestling careers.
The Fighting Cholitas were featured in an October 2008 episode of the American reality series "The Amazing Race", in which a contestant from each team was tasked with learning and performing a six-step wrestling routine with a Cholita.
2006 documentary.
The twenty-minute documentary "The Fighting Cholitas" was directed by Mariam Jobrani and produced by Jobrani, Teresa Deskins and Kenny Krauss. The film received an honorable mention in Short Filmmaking at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. It won the Jury Award for Best Documentary at the 2007 Aspen Shortsfest; the Jury Award for Best Documentary Short at the 2007 Atlanta Film Festival; and the award for Best Documentary Short at the 2007 Nashville Film Festival. It was also a finalist for a 2007 International Documentary Association award.
In addition, "The Fighting Cholitas" was shown at the 2007 Arizona International Film Festival, the 2007 Seattle International Film Festival, and the first annual Canadian Sports Film Festival in May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19760582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760582" title="Appointment">
Appointment

Appointment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19760595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760595" title="Windsor Pumpkin Regatta">
Windsor Pumpkin Regatta

The race was founded in 1999 by Danny Dill, son of Howard Dill, breeder of the Atlantic Giant pumpkin. 
Leo Swinamer of New Ross, Nova Scotia has dominated the competition, winning six out of the ten races held, winning his most recent race at the age of 73. Despite his dominance, the race’s popularity continues to grow, with 10,000 spectators and 60 entries in the 2008 race.
There are three classes: motor, experimental and paddling. Not all classes attract competitors each year. The paddling class is the best known and most popular in terms of entries.
The race gained a degree of notability in 2005 when Martha Stewart announced her intention to participate. While her pastel-coloured pumpkin did appear in the race, Ms Stewart could not participate as permission to enter Canada was delayed after her release from incarceration in the ImClone affair; when permission was finally granted, weather prevented her from reaching Nova Scotia on time. Various other celebrity participants have raced, notably local member of parliament Scott Brison, who has appeared in several of the races.
Windsor was not the first to feature a giant pumpkin as a water-borne craft. That distinction falls to Wayne Hackney of Winchester, New Hampshire who paddled in a pumpkin he grew in 1996. However, the regatta has inspired several other pumpkin regattas, including one at the University of Wisconsin–Madison (held since 2005) and on Lake Champlain (Colchester, Vermont).

</doc>
<doc id="19760602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760602" title="1939 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1939 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1939 Tennessee Volunteers represented the University of Tennessee in the 1939 season. Playing as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC), the team was led by head coach Robert Neyland, in his thirteenth year, and played their home games at Shields-Watkins Field in Knoxville, Tennessee. They finished the season with a record of ten wins and one loss (10–1 overall, 6–0 in the SEC), as SEC Champions and with a loss against USC in the 1940 Rose Bowl.
Tennessee entered the season as defending national champions and coach Neyland led the team to their second of three consecutive undefeated regular seasons. The 1939 Vols were also the last team in NCAA history to go undefeated, untied, and unscored upon in the regular season. Tennessee had two All-American performers that year: George Cafego, a single-wing halfback, and Ed Molinski, a guard.

</doc>
<doc id="19760607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760607" title="John Nicholson (athlete)">
John Nicholson (athlete)

John Patrick Nicholson (July 30, 1889 – April 2, 1940) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Greenville, Pennsylvania.
In 1912 he ran in the final of the 110 meter hurdles competition but did not finish the race. He also participated in the high jump event but was not able to clear a height.

</doc>
<doc id="19760610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760610" title="Ben Gunn (Treasure Island)">
Ben Gunn (Treasure Island)

Benjamin "Ben" Gunn is a fictional character in the "Treasure Island" novel by Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson.
Appearances.
"Treasure Island".
Ben Gunn is an ex-crewman of Captain Flint's who has been marooned three years on Treasure Island by his crewmates, after his failure to find the treasure without the map. During his time alone on the island Gunn develops an obsessional craving for cheese. He first appears in the novel when Jim Hawkins encounters him. Ben treats Jim kindly in return for a chance of getting back to his real home.
Jim leaves Ben Gunn behind, but escapes to the "Hispaniola" on Ben's coracle. Ben appears later making ghostly sounds to delay Long John Silver's party on its search for the treasure, but Silver recognizes his voice, which restores the pirates' confidence. They forge ahead and locate the place where Flint's treasure was buried. The pirates discover that the cache has been rifled and all of the treasure is gone.
The enraged pirates turn on Silver and Jim, but Ben Gunn and several others attack the pirates by surprise, killing two and dispersing the rest. Silver surrenders to Dr. Livesey, promising to return to his "dooty". They go to Ben Gunn's cave home, where Gunn has had the treasure hidden for some months. The treasure is divided amongst Squire Trelawney and his loyal men, including Jim and Ben Gunn (who gets a very small share, £1000 of £700,000 total), and they return to England, leaving the surviving pirates marooned on the island.
Once in England, Gunn manages to spend all his part of the treasure in just a few days and becomes a porter for the rest of his life.
"The Adventures of Ben Gunn".
Ben Gunn is the main character in "The Adventures of Ben Gunn", a prequel to "Treasure Island" written by R. F. Delderfield. The story follows Ben Gunn from parson's son to pirate and is narrated by Jim in Gunn's words.
"Treasure Planet".
A robotic version of Ben Gunn, B.E.N. (Bio-Electronic Navigator) was portrayed as knowing the location of the treasure but unable to remember due to his primary memory circuit being torn out by Flint. He largely serves as a bumbling character until his memory circuit is restored to him. He is voiced by Martin Short.
Other media.
In the 1996 Disney film "Muppet Treasure Island", this character was feminized as Benjamina Gunn (Miss Piggy) by Brian Henson and the scriptwriters, in which she is written as Captain Smollett's former fiancée who was jilted at the altar and later became romantically involved with Capt. Flint before being marooned and made queen of the native wild boars on the island. By the end of the film she and Smollett rekindle their relationship and she helps him against Silver's pirate crew.
In Disney's animated film "Treasure Planet", Ben Gunn is portrayed as B.E.N. (voiced by Martin Short), an abandoned, whimsical robot who claims to have lost most of his memory. Jim and his group meet B.E.N. while exploring the Treasure Planet's forest, and the robot invites them to his house to care for the wounded Captain Amelia. When Silver's pirates corner the group here, using a back-door, Jim and B.E.N. return to the ship in an attempt to recover the map. B.E.N., working to sabotage the ship's artillery, accidentally turns off the artificial gravity, whereupon Jim and Scroop, who were fighting, threaten to float off into space. Later, Jim and B.E.N. obtain the map. Upon their return, they are captured by Silver, who has already captured Doppler and Amelia. In the stash of treasure, Jim comes across the skeletal remains of Flint himself, holding a missing part of B.E.N's cognitive computer. Jim replaces this piece, causing B.E.N. to remember that the planet is set to explode upon the treasure's discovery. After narrowly escaping the explosion of the planet, B.E.N. joins Jim and is finally seen working in Jim's mother's inn.
For a time, in London there was an annual production at the Mermaid Theatre, originally under the direction of Bernard Miles, who played Long John Silver, a part he also played in a television version. Comedian Spike Milligan would often play Ben Gunn in these productions.
The "Ben Gunn Society" album released in 2003 presents the story centered around the character of Ben Gunn, based primarily on Chapter XV and other relevant parts of the book.
Ben Gunn was the main inspiration for "Herman Toothrot" character in Monkey Island game series.

</doc>
<doc id="19760622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760622" title="Joakim Nilsson (footballer born 1985)">
Joakim Nilsson (footballer born 1985)

Joakim Nilsson (born 16 May 1985) is a Swedish footballer (midfielder), currently playing for Trelleborgs FF. 
Nilsson played for Malmö FF from 1997 until 2009 when he signed for Trelleborg. He made his Allsvenskan debut for Malmö against Landskrona BoIS on 21 April 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19760623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760623" title="Joint (cannabis)">
Joint (cannabis)

Joint is a slang term for a cigarette rolled using cannabis. Rolling papers are the most common rolling medium in industrialized countries; however, brown paper, cigarettes with the tobacco removed, beedis with the tobacco removed, tracing paper, ATM receipts and newspaper are commonly used in some developing countries, and by poorer smokers in first world countries. Modern papers are now made from a wide variety of materials including rice, hemp, and flax, and are also available in flavored varieties.
A joint can vary in size, typically containing between 0.25 to 1 grams net weight of cannabis (joints have been rolled with 2 or more pounds but this is not a common practice) (depending on whether tobacco is used in the rolling process). 
Description.
Joints consist of dried cannabis rolled inside a cylinder by hand or by a rolling machine. When smoked to the very bottom of the joint, it is often difficult to hold and is called a 'roach' or a 'crutch' in the United States. The roach will often have an appreciable amount of THC from the accumulated resin. The roach can be held with finger nails, roach clips, roach pins, tweezers, rolled-up top of a matchbook, or can be smoked using a pipe.
Variations and terminology.
Though all joints customarily contain cannabis, regional differences have been noted. In Europe, certain Commonwealth nations, and more recently North America, joints, or spliffs, typically include a bit of rolled cigarette packet cardboard or business card in one end to serve as a mouthpiece. This is known as a filter or "roach." Other common terms used for the paper "filter" are "crutch", "tip" or "cut". (In North America, "roach" instead usually means the smoked-down butt of a joint, which can be finished off in a pipe, rolled into the lighting-end of a new joint, or saved for a cumulative all-roach joint.) In the past decade, filters have become more popular in North America as well. 
The term "spliff" is sometimes used to distinguish a joint prepared with both cannabis and tobacco,
as is commonly done in European countries, where joints containing only cannabis are rarely smoked. However, in the West Indies where this term originated (especially Jamaica), a "spliff" is simply a marijuana cigarette, normally containing no tobacco. 
Multiple variations of joints, including a back-rolled joint (often referred to in the United States as a Dutchie for its origin in the Netherlands' coffeeshops) and tulip, exist. Joint-rolling requires a certain level of skill, which can be honed with practice. There are various internet tutorials on joint rolling styles. Several aspects of joint-rolling can have an effect on the end product: the thickness of the rolling papers used, the mix of cannabis and tobacco, the use of a filter, and the quantity and quality of the cannabis.
Name.
Etymology.
The word joint ultimately originated from French, where it is an adjective meaning "joined" (past participle of the verb "joindre"), derived in turn from Latin "iunctus", past participle of "iungere" ("join"/"bind"/"yoke").
By 1821, "joint" had become an Anglo-Irish term for an annexe, or a side-room "joined" to a main room. By 1877, this had developed into U.S. slang for a (usually unsavory) "place, building, establishment," especially referring to an opium den. By 1935, "joint" was being used to refer to the hypodermic needles used to inject heroin and other drugs at such establishments; this may have been influenced by the secondary meaning of "joint" in the sense of something done "in common" or shared. Its first usage in the sense of "marijuana cigarette" is dated to 1938.
Other terms.
There are many slang terms mostly synonymous with the word "joint"; e.g., "fatty" can be used to describe a joint that contains an unusually large quantity of marijuana. A "pinner" is a term used for a very skinny, straight, tightly rolled joint containing a small amount of cannabis, a "secret agent" is a cigarette with the tobacco replaced with cannabis and is used for covert smoking, and the term "jay" or "J" is used as an abbreviation for a generic joint.
The term "spliff" is a West Indian word of Jamaican English origin, but has spread to several western countries, particularly the UK, and many countries in Europe. Its precise etymology is unknown, but it is attested as early as 1936. While Jamaican spliffs are generally conical in shape, those elsewhere tend to be cylindrical and of varying lengths. A joint is also called a "doobie" (or "doob" for short), mostly when rolled with king sized rolling papers.
References.
13. How To Roll A Joint www.WeAreBaked.com, A Stoners Guide To Marijuana

</doc>
<doc id="19760640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760640" title="Vicente Guerrero (disambiguation)">
Vicente Guerrero (disambiguation)

Vicente Guerrero was the second president of independent Mexico
Vicente Guerrero may also refer to:
See also: Guerrero (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="19760656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760656" title="2007 Turner Prize">
2007 Turner Prize

The 2007 Turner Prize for modern British art was awarded on 3 December 2007. It was the 22nd Turner Prize competition. There were four nominees for the 2007 prize and the winner was Mark Wallinger.
The nominees in alphabetical order were:
Turner Prize exhibition 2007.
The exhibition took place in Liverpool in advance of its time as European Capital of Culture. It opened on 19 October 2007 and closed 13 January 2008.
The Turner Prize is awarded for a show by the artist in the previous year. When nominees are told of their nomination they then prepare exhibits for the Turner Prize exhibition, often at short notice. As such, the Turner Prize exhibition may not feature the works for which the artist was initially nominated by the judges. However the Turner Prize exhibition tends to be the basis on which public and press judge the artist's worthiness for nomination.
Works, artist's statements and press coverage.
Zarina Bhimji.
Bhimji's exhibited works were chiefly photographs of Uganda from which she was expelled:
The artist said:
The critics said:
Nathan Coley.
Exhibited works included:
The critics said:
Mike Nelson.
Pieces exhibited included:
The artist said:
The critics said:
Mark Wallinger (winner).
Exhibited works included:
Not exhibited but regarded as the major contribution to his Turner nomination and win:
The artist said:
He has said that the bear in "Sleeper" symbolises Berlin, the title Sleeper refers to Cold War spies, and that he was inspired by a film of a fairy tale about a prince turned into a bear he saw as a child.
The critics said:
External links.
Artist videos at the Tate.
These videos were conducted around the time of the nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="19760658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760658" title="Saparmurat Niyazov">
Saparmurat Niyazov

Saparmurat Atayevich Niyazov (; 19 February 1940 – 21 December 2006) was a Turkmen politician who served as the leader of Turkmenistan from 1985 until his death in 2006. He was First Secretary of the Turkmen Communist Party from 1985 until 1991 and continued to lead Turkmenistan for 15 years after independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
Turkmen media referred to him using the title "His Excellency Saparmurat Türkmenbaşy, President of Turkmenistan and Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers". His self-given title Türkmenbaşy, meaning "Leader of Turkmen", referred to his position as the founder and president of the Association of Turkmens of the World.
Foreign media criticized him as one of the world's most totalitarian and repressive dictators, highlighting his reputation of imposing his personal eccentricities upon the country, which extended to renaming months, which had been borrowed Russian words, after members of his family. Global Witness, a London-based human rights organization, reported that money under Niyazov's control and held overseas may be in excess of US$3 billion, of which between $1.8–$2.6 billion was supposedly situated in the Foreign Exchange Reserve Fund at Deutsche Bank in Germany.
Background.
Niyazov was born on 19 February 1940 in Gypjak (or Kipchak), just outside Ashgabat in the Turkmen SSR. According to the official version of his biography, his father died in World War II fighting against Nazi Germany, while other sources contend that he dodged fighting and was therefore sentenced by a military court. The other members of his family were killed in a massive earthquake that leveled Ashgabat in 1948. He grew up in a Soviet orphanage before the state put him in the custody of a distant relative.
After finishing school in 1959, he worked as an instructor in the Turkmen trade union exploratory committee. He then studied at the Leningrad Polytechnic Institute, where in 1967 he received a diploma as an electrical engineer. After graduating, he went to study in Russia, but was expelled a few years later for academic failure.
In 1962, Niyazov started his political career, and then he joined the Communist Party. He quickly rose through the ranks, becoming First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Turkmen SSR in 1985. He gained this post after Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev removed his predecessor, Muhammetnazar Gapurov, following a cotton-related scandal. Under Niyazov, the Turkmen Communist Party was one of the most hardline and unreformed party organizations in the Soviet Union. On January 13, 1990, Niyazov became Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of the Turkmen SSR, the supreme legislative body in the republic. The post was equivalent to that of president.
Niyazov supported the Soviet coup attempt of 1991. However, after it collapsed, he set about separating Turkmenistan from the dying Soviet Union. The Supreme Soviet declared Turkmenistan independent and appointed Niyazov as the country's first president on October 27. On June 21, 1992, Niyazov was elected as the country's first popularly elected president; he was the only candidate. A year later, he declared himself "Türkmenbaşy," or "Leader of all Turkmen."
In 1994, a plebiscite extended Niyazov's term to 2002 so he could oversee a 10-year development plan. The official results showed that 99.9% of voters approved this proposal. On December 28, 1999, Parliament declared Niyazov President for Life; parliamentary elections had been held a few weeks earlier in which all candidates were hand-picked by the president.
Niyazov and his Russian-Jewish wife, Muza, had a son and a daughter, Murat and Irina, respectively.
Presidency.
Niyazov became president at the transition of Turkmenistan from a Soviet republic to an independent state. His presidency was characterized by an initial crumbling of the centralized Soviet model that in many respects was unsuited to function as a separate entity; also, there were large amounts of foreign income from gas and petroleum reserves (approximately $2–4 billion as of 2005). There was outside concern about press freedom and to a lesser extent religious rights of minority religious groups. Niyazov made a personal attempt to create a cultural background for the new state of Turkmenistan by writing and promoting the Ruhnama, an autobiography meant to guide the people of Turkmenistan with his ideas and promote native culture (and by extension prohibiting foreign culture). He also took part in creating new holidays with a specific Turkmen nature and introduced a new Latin-based Turkmen alphabet to replace Russian Cyrillic. The Latin Turkmen alphabet consists of: Aa, Bb, Çç, Dd, Ee, Ää, Ff, Gg, Hh, Ii, Jj, Žž, Kk, Ll, Mm, Nn, Ňň, Oo, Öö, Pp, Rr, Ss, Şş, Tt, Uu, Üü, Ww, Yy, Ýý, Zz.
Niyazov became a substitute for the vacuum left by the downfall of the communist system, with his image replacing those of Marx and Lenin. He renamed the town of Krasnovodsk "Turkmenbashi" after himself, and renamed schools, airports and even a meteorite after himself and members of his family. His many, sometimes erratic decrees, and the doting actions of the official Turkmen media gave rise to the clear appearance of a cult of personality. The eccentric nature of some of his decrees, and the vast number of images of the president led to the perception, especially in western countries, of a despotic leader, rich on oil wealth glorifying himself whilst the population gained no benefit.
Despite emphasizing a need to move from central planning to a market economy and to a full democracy during his reign, neither plan progressed. Yearly plans set forth by the government and a centralised economy gave little indication of moving away from state-dominated economics, and the dictatorial nature of many of his decrees and his declaring himself "President for Life" gave little hope as to much progress in these two areas.
Economy.
Oil and gas.
Turkmenistan has the second-largest oil reserves in the former Soviet Union, generating high revenue for the state. The government has used central planning, such as state control of production and procurement, direct bank credits with low interest rates, exchange rate restrictions, and price controls, since it existed as a Republic within the U.S.S.R.
In the years following independence, Turkmenistan invested heavily in plants and machinery in an attempt to convert it from being primarily a supplier of petroleum to a more advanced economy; such investments included oil refineries and a polyethylene plant. In an interview with "Rossiyskaya Gazeta" newspaper, Niyazov claimed that Turkmenistan was able to process 85% of its domestic output. Additionally, numerous petroleum transportation projects were completed such as a pipeline from the Korpedje field to Kort-Koi in Iran.
In 1991, Niyazov's government put forth a decree granting "the free use of water, gas and electricity and refined salt by the people of Turkmenistan for ten years"; when the decree expired, he extended it to 2020.
Agriculture.
Turkmenistan's other primary resources are cotton and grain. Niyazov continued the old practice of demanding yearly quotas in agricultural output, and then blaming and/or sacking deputy ministers when quotas were not met. Nevertheless, Turkmenistan had an emergent period during which there was heavy investment in plant and machinery so the country could change from a producer of raw cotton to a cotton processor. During Niyazov's presidency, a textile industry was founded in Turkmenistan.
Niyazov introduced the practice of "Melon Day," a harvest festival celebrated on the 2nd Sunday of August; unlike some of his other creations, the celebration of "Melon Day" has continued after his death.
Culture.
Niyazov put the revival of Turkmen culture as one of the top priorities in Turkmenistan's development. He introduced a new Turkmen alphabet based on the Latin alphabet to replace Cyrillic. The "National Revival Movement", an organisation to promote Turkmen culture (Turkmen:"Galkynish") was also founded.
In many respects, Niyazov's cultural ideas and changes were most visible to external viewers. His renaming of months, as well as days of the week, to Turkmen heroes, poets, historical events, family members and himself raised many eyebrows all over the world. For example, September was renamed "Ruhnama" in honour of the book written by Niyazov (which he finished writing on 19 September 2001). Not all the changes promoted Niyazov; October was renamed "Garaşsyzlyk" (Independence) to mark the state's founding on 27 October 1991, and November "Sanjar" in honour of Sultan Sanjar who led the Seljuqs to their last full flowering. The new names came into effect with the introduction of a new labour law which stated that "the dates of professional holidays are specified by decrees of the President of Turkmenistan".
These names were later abolished by his successor Berdymukhamedov in April 2008.
Internal affairs.
One of the earliest acts of the president was to abolish the death penalty. He also granted human rights to the people, though they were not respected in practice. Press freedom under Niyazov's leadership was much criticised as it was with other former Soviet central Asian states. Turkmenistan's media constantly doted on the president and helped build his cult of personality. In May 2000, the government revoked all Internet licenses except for the state-owned Turkmen Telecom and in June 2001 shut down all Internet cafés. By 2005 there were 36,000 Internet users in Turkmenistan, representing 0.7% of the population.
In March 2004, 15,000 public health workers were dismissed including nurses, midwives, school health visitors and orderlies. In February 2005 all hospitals outside Aşgabat were ordered shut, with the reasoning that the sick should come to the capital for treatment.
According to the paper " Neitralniy Turkmenistan " physicians were ordered to swear an oath to the President, replacing the Hippocratic Oath.
All libraries outside of the capital were also closed, as Niyazov believed that the only books that most Turkmen needed to read were the Koran and his Ruhnama.
In January 2006 one-third of the country's elderly had their pensions discontinued, while another 200,000 had theirs reduced. Pensions received during the prior two years were ordered paid back to the state. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkmenistan strongly denied allegations that the cut in pensions resulted in the deaths of many elderly Turkmens, accusing foreign media outlets of spreading "deliberately perverted" information on the issue. On March 19, 2007 Turkmenistan's new president Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow reversed Niyazov's decision by restoring pensions to more than 100,000 elderly citizens.
In December 2008, the new president also made changes to the national anthem, the chorus of which referenced Niyazov.
Presidential pardons.
In keeping with the predominantly Islamic nature of Turkmen society, President Niyazov granted pardons each year on the "Laylat al-Qadr" ("Night of Destiny") in Ramadan month.
For example, in 2005, 8,145 convicts were pardoned including 229 foreign nationals. In 2006 Turkmenistan set free 10,056 prisoners, including 253 foreign nationals from 11 countries. Niyazov said:"Let this humane act on the part of the state serve strengthening truly moral values of the Turkmen society. Let the entire world know that there has never been a place for evil and violence on the blessed Turkmen soil."
Foreign policy.
Niyazov promoted a policy of strict neutrality in foreign affairs, refraining from seeking membership in NATO or GUUAM and almost ignoring the CSTO. Turkmenistan has not participated in any United Nations peacekeeping missions. It has however become a member of Interpol.
Relations with Russia worsened immediately after independence.
The full independence of Turkmenistan was recognised by a UN General Assembly resolution “The permanent neutrality of Turkmenistan” of December 12, 1995. As a result in 2005 Turkmenistan would downgrade its links with the Commonwealth of Independent States becoming only an associate member under article 8 of the CIS charter, as such it would not participate in any of the military structures of the CIS.
In 2006 the European Commission and the international trade committee of the European Parliament voted to grant Turkmenistan "most favoured nation" trading status with the European Union, widely seen as motivated by interest in natural gas, after Niyazov announced he would enter a "human rights dialogue" with the EU.
Opposition.
After an alleged assassination attempt on November 25, 2002, the Turkmen government arrested thousands of suspected conspirators and members of their families. Critics claim the government staged the attempt in order to crack down on mounting domestic and foreign political opposition.
The summer of 2004 saw a leaflet campaign in the capital, Aşgabat, calling for the overthrow and trial of Niyazov. The authorities were unable to stop the campaign and the President responded by firing his Interior Minister and director of the police academy on national television. He accused the minister of incompetence and declared: "I cannot say that you had any great merits or did much to combat crime."
Niyazov later announced that surveillance cameras were to be placed at all major streets and sites in Turkmenistan, an apparent precaution against future attempts.
Death.
On December 21, 2006, Turkmen state television announced that President Niyazov had died of a sudden heart attack. Niyazov had been taking medication for an unidentified cardiac condition. The Turkmen Embassy in Moscow later confirmed this report.
According to the Constitution of Turkmenistan, Öwezgeldi Ataýew, Chairman of the Assembly, would assume the presidency. Deputy Prime Minister Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow was named as head of the commission organizing the state funeral. Ataýew was arrested on 21 December 2006 and Berdimuhamedow was subsequently named acting president. Berdimuhamedow and the Halk Maslahaty announced on December 26, 2006 that the next presidential elections would be held on February 11, 2007.
The circumstances of Niyazov's death have been surrounded by some media speculation. Some Turkmen opposition sources also claim that Niyazov died several days before the officially announced date of December 21.
News reports also claimed that Niyazov also suffered from diabetes, ischemic heart disease and kidney failure.
Funeral & Burial.
Niyazov was buried in his ready prepared tomb in Kipchak Mosque on December 24 at his home village of Gypjak, approximately 7 kilometres west of Ashgabat. Prior to being moved to the village, Niyazov's body lay in state in an open coffin in the presidential palace. Many mourners, including foreign delegations, passed by the coffin in a three hour period. Many of the ordinary citizens wept dramatically as they walked, some even clinging to the coffin and fainting, though there are rumors that they were "forced" to mourn in this way.

</doc>
<doc id="19760663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760663" title="Vicente Guerrero, Baja California">
Vicente Guerrero, Baja California

Vicente Guerrero is a colonia located in the San Quintin Valley, Baja California, Mexico. An agricultural area, it is approximately south of the Tijuana/San Ysidro border checkpoint. Vicente Geurero experiences a desert climate, and is close to the beach. There are ruins of old missions in the surrounding areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="19760667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760667" title="1945 in chess">
1945 in chess

Events in chess in 1945

</doc>
<doc id="19760675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760675" title="Colonel Humphrey Flack">
Colonel Humphrey Flack

Colonel Humphrey Flack is an American sitcom which ran Wednesdays at 9pm ET from October 7, 1953 to July 2, 1954 on the DuMont Television Network, then revived from 1958 to 1959 for first-run syndication.
The series also aired under the titles The Fabulous Fraud, The Adventures of Colonel Flack, and The Imposter.
Overview.
The series is about a con man who conned other conmen, who gave some of the money to the needy. "Colonel Humphrey Flack" starred prolific British actor Alan Mowbray as the Colonel, and Frank Jenks as his sidekick, Uthas P. ("Patsy") Garvey. The TV series was based on a popular series of short stories by Everett Rhodes Castle published in "The Saturday Evening Post".
The pilot for the series aired in May 31, 1953 on an episode of the "ABC Album/Plymouth Playhouse".
When the series was revived in 1958, it was retitled "Colonel Flack". The 39 episodes (all remakes of the original 39 episodes) aired from October 5, 1958 to July 5, 1959 in syndication.
Episode status.
At least 12 episodes of the DuMont series are in the collection of the UCLA Film and Television Archive and two episodes are at the Paley Center for Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19760679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760679" title="Death Racers">
Death Racers

Death Racers is an American B movie directed by Roy Knyrim. Released direct-to-video on September 16, 2008, the film stars the hip hop group Insane Clown Posse and wrestler Scott "Raven" Levy.
Plot.
In the year 2030, a civil war breaks out in the United States. In a final attempt to restore order, the president declares martial law. In 2033, a massive prison camp known as "the Red Zone" is built in a desolate city that soon holds over one million insane, violent felons. The United States is declared safe.
A dangerous criminal known as the Reaper (Scott "Raven" Levy) has been extracting sarin, which he plans to spill into the nation's water supply. One of the prisoners, FX (Dustin Fitzsimons) secretly films the Reaper with a Wi-Fi digital camera as he discusses these plans, and the state's governor, Reagan Black (Robert Pike Daniel) finds out about them. Black develops a plan to hold a "death race" within the prison system, assembling four teams of racers:
The race is televised live, hosted by anchors Harvey Winkler (Stephen Blackehart) and Jennifer Ramirez (Caroline Attwood). Black offers the teams gathering points for killing loose prisoners, promising freedom to the team that brings back the Reaper—dead or alive. When Danny Satanico suggests that the four teams escape, Black reveals that each team member has a chip implanted in their bodies which would kill any member that breaks the rules, using Satanico to demonstrate.
When Insane Clown Posse's truck gets a flat tire, a fight ensues between the teams and loose criminals. In the distance, Violent J witnesses an explosion. The teams investigate, finding the burning Homeland Security jeep with two corpses inside. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope find FX filming the race. He tells them that there will be an ambush at their first destination, and they let him ride in their van. Each of the teams work together to surprise and kill the ambushers. Metal Machine Man (Damien Puckler), under the order of the Reaper, kills FX and attacks the racers before being hit by missiles fired by a pair of mysterious men.
The teams fix their cars before dispatching. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope arrive at the Reaper's lair, and successfully infiltrate the fortress, preventing the Reaper and his henchmen from releasing the sarin into the water. The mysterious men arrive, firing a rocket into the room, and reveal themselves to be Colonel Bob and Captain Rudy, who were hired by Governor Black as inside men, and faked their deaths to convince the other teams that they had a chance of winning.
Believing the Reaper died in the explosion, Bob and Rudy retrieve his severed hand and leave in Insane Clown Posse's truck. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope emerge from the rubble. Because Violent J is injured, Shaggy 2 Dope goes after Bob and Rudy alone. The Reaper appears and attempts to release the sarin as Violent J attempts to stop him. The Homeland Security team members arrive at the finish line, presenting the Reapers hand to Governor Black. Shaggy 2 Dope rises from the back of the truck, shooting at Bob, Rudy and the governor. Black presses the button to activate the explosives in the bodies of the Insane Clown Posse team members. The sarin explodes, causing a chain reaction which destroys the country.
Production.
In January 2008, it was announced that Insane Clown Posse and Twiztid had received a treatment for a low-budget horror film titled "Road Rage", to be directed by Roy Knyrim of Sota Productions, who had previously directed Bruce and Utsler in "The Chronicles of the Dark Carnival". It was stated that filming would take place over a two-week period in Los Angeles, California during the Spring of that year.
In March, a second announcement was made, stating that Insane Clown Posse would star in a film scheduled to begin production in the first week of May. Bruce and Utsler would portray their stage personas of Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope, and the characters would drive around in an ice cream truck, killing pedestrians for points. It was stated that the film would be aired by the Sci Fi Channel in the summer.
Insane Clown Posse members Joseph Bruce and Joseph Utsler agreed to appear in the film because the director was a personal friend, and they wanted to warm up their acting skills for "Big Money Rustlas", the prequel to the Psychopathic Records film "Big Money Hustlas". Psychopathic was not involved with the production of "Death Racers" in any way. According to Bruce, "We just did it for fun. We knew it was gonna be basically garbage."
In September 2008, "Death Racers" was released direct-to-video by The Asylum. The film's soundtrack featured original music by Joseph Kamiya, in addition to previously released music performed by Insane Clown Posse.
Legacy.
Joseph Bruce referred to "Death Racers" as "a terribly shitty movie", but states that he does not regret making the film, because it inspired him to continue with the production of "Big Money Rustlas", because he felt that Psychopathic could make a better film than "Death Racers". At the 2008 Gathering of the Juggalos, Bruce referred to the film as "the bootleg ripoff fake version" of "Death Race".

</doc>
<doc id="19760693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760693" title="Montague Fordham">
Montague Fordham

Montague Edward Fordham (1864-1948) was an English agriculturalist and advocate of rural reform. He belonged to the Religious Society of Friends.
A historian and barrister and by profession Fordham first gained notability in Birmingham where he was involved in a number of initiatives in support of traditional handicraft. To this end he was the first director of the Birmingham Guild and School of Handicrafts following its 1890 foundation. as well as serving as the director of the Arts and Craft Gallery from 1899 to 1908 and head of the Artificers Guild from 1903 to 1906.
Fordham's main passion was however rural reform and thus he formed the Land Club Union in 1908 which aimed to establish model farms, organise farmers banks and loans, provide machinery and revive traditional life and festivals in the country. The following year he published "Mother Earth: A Proposal for the Permanent Reconstruction of our Country Life" as an effective manifesto for the Union with a foreword by John A. Hobson. The book attacked what it saw as the anti-farmer nature of the economic system as well as preceding the organic movement by attacking modern methods. After the publication of this book he became involved with a number of rural reform groups such as the Agricultural Organisation Society and Land Clubs League, arguing in favour of his desire to see a return to small-holdings. He desired autarky in food production for all countries, whilst also highlighting the dangers of soil erosion caused by the concentration of agriculture in certain countries.
His 1924 book "The Rebuilding of Rural England" contained an attack on the existing monetary systems and argued instead in favour making money available as credit, thus indicating a link with Social Credit. His criticisms of the economic system of Britain became more marked after the 1931 slump.
He established the Rural Reconstruction Association in 1926 and served as its Council Secretary for 20 years, with the group at the forefront of the agricultural reform movement.
His son Michael Fordham became a noted psychiatrist.

</doc>
<doc id="19760703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760703" title="Houston Astros minor league players">
Houston Astros minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Houston Astros system and rosters of their minor league affiliates:
Players.
Eric Berger.
Eric Wesley Berger (born April 22, 1986 in Roseville, California), is an American professional baseball player. A pitcher, Berger plays in the Houston Astros organization of Major League Baseball. He has yet to make his MLB debut.
Berger, who is Jewish, attended Woodcreek High School (Roseville, California) and University of Arizona before being drafted by the Cleveland Indians. Berger has played in minor league baseball with the Mahoning Valley Scrappers, Lake County Captains, and Kinston Indians in 2008, and 2009 through July 27, 2010 with the Akron Aeros. Berger was traded to the Astros on April 15, 2013.
Bobby Borchering.
Bobby Borchering (born October 25, 1990) is a third baseman for the Houston Astros organization. He is a switch hitter and throws right-handed.
In high school Bobby had a .494 batting average with 38 hits, 37 RBIs, 9 doubles and 13 home runs at 77 at-bats in his senior year.
In the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft, Borchering was selected 16th overall by the Arizona Diamondbacks, making him the fifth position player chosen in the draft.
Borchering was traded to the Houston Astros along with Marc Krauss for Chris Johnson on July 29, 2012. In 2013, he returned to the lower levels of the minor leagues following missed time due to a "confidential matter".
Luis Cruz.
Luis Cruz (born September 10, 1990) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the Houston Astros organization.
In 2009, Cruz played for the Greenville Astros of the Rookie-level Appalachian League. In 2010, the Astros assigned Cruz to the Lexington Legends of the Class A South Atlantic League. Cruz was named the pitcher of the month for Lexington in July 2010. He was named the pitcher of the month for the Lancaster JetHawks of the Class A-Advanced California League for April 2013. After the 2013 season, the Astros added Cruz to their 40-man roster.
Justin Gominsky.
Justin James Gominsky (born August 26, 1989) is an American professional baseball outfielder with the Lexington Legends organization in minor league baseball. Prior to being drafted by the Houston Astros in the 11th round of the MLB June Amateur Draft, Gominsky played college baseball at the University of Minnesota.
Justin Gominsky was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota to parents Danny and Gladis Gominsky, living in New Brighton, Minnesota until he was 10 years old, and then moved to Mahtomedi, Minnesota until he was 18 years old. Gominsky attended Mahtomedi Senior High School, where he was a two-sport prodigy in football and baseball. He was a 3 time all conference football player, and an all state wide receiver his senior year. Gominsky, standing at 6-4, led the Mahtomedi Zephyrs to the 2007 Minnesota State High School League Football Championship. Baseball was Gominsky's passion, however; when he graduated high school in 2008 he had been a 3 time all conference player, as well as made the all state team twice as a Junior and Senior.
Gominsky was signed to the Minnesota Gophers in the spring of 2008, and proceeded to go the University of Minnesota in the fall of 2008. As a freshman in 2009, Gominsky was named to the Big Ten All-Freshmen Team, the Collegiate Baseball Magazine Freshman All-American team, and to the NCAA Regional All-Tournament team. He batted .338 that season with 35 runs scored, 25 RBI, 11 doubles and was 11-for-11 on the base paths. In the 2010 season Gominsky missed the majority of it due to a knee injury. He returned to the 2011 season and started all 49 games, with a batting average of .307, 30 runs scored, and 18 RBI. He helped the Gophers to finish 25-24 overall, and 13-11 in the Big Ten. All throughout college Gominsky also excelled in academics, maintaining a 3.2 gpa, and was named a student athlete of the week his freshman year.
Gominsky was signed to the Houston Astros on June 11, 2011. He was the ninth pick in the 11th round of the 2011 Draft. His first season in 2011 he played for the Tri-City ValleyCats in Troy, New York. They are a short-season A minor league team. He had a batting average of .237, 18 RBI, and 35 runs scored.In 2011 he was awarded as a New York Penn League, (NYPL) Mid-Season All-Star. In 2012 Gominsky played for the Lexington Legends in Lexington, Kentucky, they are a low A minor league team. His batting average for 2012 was .241, 36 RBI, and 37 runs scored. In August 2012 Gominsky was awarded Defensive Player of the Month.
Tony Kemp.
Anthony Kemp (born October 31, 1991) is an American professional baseball second baseman for the Houston Astros organization.
Kemp attended Vanderbilt University, where he played college baseball for the Vanderbilt Commodores baseball team. He was named an All-American and the SEC Baseball Player of the Year in 2013. The Astros selected Kemp in the fifth round of the 2013 MLB Draft.
Andrew Locke.
Andrew (Drew) Locke (born February 28, 1983) is a Minor League Baseball outfielder for the Houston Astros organization. From Boston College, he was selected by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 19th Round (586th overall) of the 2005 amateur entry draft. He played for the Class AAA Oklahoma City Redhawks, a Houston Astros affiliate during the 2011 season. During the 2012 season, Locke is playing for the Class AA Corpus Christi Hooks, also a Houston Astros affiliate.
Jiovanni Mier.
Jiovanni Mier (born August 26, 1990) is a shortstop in the Houston Astros organization.
Mier was drafted by the Houston Astros with the 21st overall pick of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft out of Bonita High School in La Verne California. He was given a $1,358,000 signing bonus.
Domingo Santana.
Domingo Alberto Santana (born August 5, 1992) is a Dominican professional baseball player for the Houston Astros organization.
Santana signed as an international free agent with the Philadelphia Phillies in March 2009, receiving a $330,000 signing bonus. The Phillies traded Santana to the Houston Astros on July 31, 2011, with Jonathan Singleton, Jarred Cosart, and Josh Zeid, in exchange for Hunter Pence. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Santana's father played for the Astros' organization.
Ross Seaton.
Ross Allen Seaton (born September 18, 1989) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the Houston Astros organization.
Seaton attended Second Baptist School, where he was the class valedictorian. 
Rated the top high school pitcher in Texas by "Baseball America", the Astros drafted Seaton in the third round (109th overall) of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft, receiving a $700,000 signing bonus to forego his college scholarship to Tulane University.
Alex Sogard.
Alexander Sogard (born July 25, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Houston Astros organization.
Sogard attended Oregon State University, where he played college baseball for the Oregon State Beavers baseball team. At Oregon State, Sogard was a redshirt freshman when the Beavers won the 2006 College World Series. He pitched for Oregon State in 2007, and then transferred to North Carolina State University, where he continued his college baseball career with the NC State Wolfpack.
The Astros selected Sogard in the 26th round of the 2010 MLB Draft. After the 2013 season, they assigned him to the Arizona Fall League.
Sogard's older brother, Eric Sogard, plays in MLB.
Jason Stoffel.
Jason Anthony Stoffel (born September 18, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball. He was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the fourth round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft.
On July 19, 2011, he was traded to the Houston Astros with Henry Sosa for Jeff Keppinger.

</doc>
<doc id="19760714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760714" title="John McCloskey (baseball manager)">
John McCloskey (baseball manager)

John Joseph "Honest John" McCloskey (April 4, 1862 - November 17, 1940) was a Major League Baseball manager. He was manager for the Louisville Colonels in 1895 and 1896. McCloskey managed the St. Louis Cardinals in 1906-1908. His career record was 190-417. He was born and died in Louisville, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="19760722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760722" title="Félix Mas">
Félix Mas

Félix Mas (Barcelona, 1935) is a Spanish comic book artist and fine artist.
Career.
Felix Mas was born in Barcelona, Spain in 1935. He studied art at Saint Jordi and joined the military, where he stayed until 1957. After leaving the military he joined the Spanish art agency Seleciones Illustrada and started working for various romance comics for companies like Fleetway and Valentine. He also drew the detective story Lt. Kane for T.V. Heroes. During the 1960s Mas worked in Scandinavia as an illustrator. He returned to comics in 1969 with D.C. Thomson's "Romeo".
Felix Mas joined Warren Publishing in 1972 and drew a total of 17 horror stories for Creepy and Vampirella until January 1975. The story 'The Vampiress Stalks the Castle at Night' from Vampirella 21 was included within a list of the top 25 Warren stories in The Warren Companion by David Roach. After leaving Warren, Mas moved to Venezuela and stopped his comic work, choosing instead to focus on painting. He would later move to Florida.
References.
Andar entre las estrellas

</doc>
<doc id="19760743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760743" title="Red letter">
Red letter

Red letter is an English language idiom that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19760744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760744" title="Adrián Gorelik">
Adrián Gorelik

Adrián Gorelik (Mercedes, Argentina, 1957) is an architect, urban historian and leading commentator on urban issues in Argentina. His most well-known books are ' (1993, with Jorge Liernur), and ', 1887-1936 (1998). In 2003 he was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship for a project entitled “The cycle of invention and critique of the ‘Latin American City’.”
Gorelik is currently a professor at the National University of Quilmes, Buenos Aires, as well as a researcher in the Intellectual History Program there. In 2002 he was a Visiting Fellow at the Centre of Latin American Studies at the University of Cambridge. Gorelik holds several editorial positions at academic culture and design journals including deputy director at ', Editorial Board member of ' and "", and Editorial Collective member of "Public Culture".
Gorelik received a degree in architecture (1982) and a Ph.D. in History from the University of Buenos Aires (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="19760757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760757" title="Thierry Mutin">
Thierry Mutin

Thierry Mutin is a French singer of classical music and songwriter (born in Rochechouart, Haute-Vienne), famous for his 1988 hit single "Sketch of Love".
Biography.
In 1984, Thierry Mutin released the single "Milliardaire comme personne". In 1988, he recorded in English-language the song "Sketch of Love", based on the suite n°11 (sarabande) of Georg Friedrich Haendel, which achieved success in France (#3 on the SNEP Singles Chart, Gold disc). In 1989, he participated in the charity single "Pour toi Arménie", lead by Charles Aznavour. He published the albums "Talisman" in 1990, whose music was composed by Jean-Pierre Bourtayre, and "Chants du Monde Nouveau" in 1995. He also wrote some songs for Jean-Jacques Lafon.

</doc>
<doc id="19760770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760770" title="The Gloria Parker Show">
The Gloria Parker Show

The Gloria Parker Show was broadcast nightly, coast to coast, from 1950 to 1957 on WABC. Gloria entertained her audience playing the marimba, organ and the singing glasses or glass harp. On Sunday evening The Gloria Parker Show followed The Paul Harvey Show. Gloria's WABC Sunday morning show featured the Princess of the Marimba playing beautiful melodies on her marimba such as "Tango of Memories", "The Lord Heard My Prayer", "Tropical Love" and "Fortune Teller" with four mallets.

</doc>
<doc id="19760772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760772" title="Volbrecht Nagel">
Volbrecht Nagel

Volbrecht Nagel, commonly known as V. Nagel, was a German missionary to the Malabar coast of India.
Birth and early years.
Volbrecht Nagel was born on 3 November 1867 in Hesse, North German Confederation. He grew up in a pious family, but lost his parents at a young age. At the age of 18, Nagel was born again after hearing the gospel from a cobbler turned itinerant preacher and gave his life to Christ. With a desire to be a missionary, he moved to Basel, Switzerland and joined the Basel Mission Training Institute in 1886 and graduated 6 years later. He became a Reverend in the Evangelical Lutheran Mission in 1893.
Missionary.
Nagel came to Cannanore, on the Malabar Coast as a Reverend in December 1893. He became the head of the Basel Mission center in Vaniankulam. The burden of running the schools, and the small scale industries of the Basel Mission in Vaniankulam became a stumbling block in his goal of independent ministry. In 1896, he left the Lutheran Church and Vaniankulam and went south without an aim. On his trip, he saw a prayer center in Kunnamkulam and met Paramel Itoop, a new believer. He decided to start his work at Kunnamkulam, an ancient bastion of Christianity in India. To be part of the local community, he learned Malayalam. The community in Kunnamkulam received him as one of their own, as he wrote, and spoke in Malayalam. In April 1897, Nagel married Harriet Mitchell, an Anglo-Indian who was a teacher at Kunnamkulam. A few months later, they went to the Nilgiris and met the English Brethren Missionary, Handley Bird. The following June, Nagel was baptized by immersion by Handley Bird at Coimbatore. In 1906, he started an orphanage and a home for widows at Nellikunnu near Thrissur City, named Rehoboth which still stands today.
In 1914, Nagel traveled back to his native Germany. His plan was to send his older children to England for education and return to India in 6 months, but the beginning of World War I prevented his return. As a national of the German Empire, he could not enter British administered Malabar. In 1914, he moved to Switzerland. Harriet and three children were back in Malabar Coast, while the two older children were in England. The letter he sent to the assembly fellowship in Paravur four years prior to his death reflects the hunger in his heart for souls in Malabar. That letter contained the following words, “My sweetest treasures are in India. My heart belongs to there". But the Lord did not permit his desire to be fulfilled. In due course he became afflicted with palsy and became bedridden. While teaching at Weidenest Bible School, Nagel had a stroke and died on 12 May 1921 and was buried there. Harriet was able to reach Germany and take care of him. Nagel had 7 children, 5 boys and 2 girls. One boy and a girl died in early childhood. Harriet Nagel died on 27 January 1935.
His writings.
In 1898, Nagel wrote a book called "Christian Baptism". He wrote many songs and hymns in Malayalam that are sung even today by all Christian denominations. Nagel is regarded with great esteem by the Malayalee Christian community for all his work in bringing the Gospel to Kerala.
Malayalam hymns.
Though his mother tongue was German, while in Malabar Coast not only did he learn their language Malayalam ; but composed hymns in very good poetical language. They are still used in various gatherings and in church services.
A few of the hymns in Malayalam and their translations in English are given below:
His translations include -

</doc>
<doc id="19760779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760779" title="Dover Corporation Tramways">
Dover Corporation Tramways

Dover Corporation Tramways was the operator of the second tramway system built in the United Kingdom. It was in operation from 1897 to 1936. The worst ever tram accident in the United Kingdom occurred on the system in 1917.
History.
Construction.
On 9 November 1895, a special meeting of Dover Town Council was held. The subject of the meeting was whether or not to apply to the Board of Trade for authorisation to construct tramways in the Borough of Dover. Nineteen of the twenty-one members of the council voted in favour of the motion. Permission was duly granted under the Tramways Orders Confirmation (No.1) Act, 1896 for a total of of line to be built. The lines were to be of gauge and no vehicle was to exceed in width.
In July 1896, the Town Clerk and Borough Surveyor were instructed to prepare a report into various methods of tramway traction, and the Surveyor was also instructed to prepare plans and specifications for the first lines that were to be built. Gas-powered trams were considered, but it was decided that electric traction would be adopted. Dick, Kerr & Co., Ltd were the successful tenderers for the construction of electrical equipment and rails – their first such contract. Construction of the lines was to be by J J Briggs & Co of Blackburn, Lancashire.
Construction had started by March 1897, and after a Board of Trade inspection of the system between Buckland Bridge and the Harbour Station on 24 August the first driver training runs took place.
Opening.
The official opening ceremony was on the 6 September 1897, when the Mayor drove tram No.3 from the Town Hall to Buckland, then to the Harbour Station and back to the Town Hall. A single tram was in public service for the rest of the day. The next day three cars were in service, with a 15 minute gap between trams as there was a lack of trained drivers.
Completion of the Folkestone Road line did not occur until November, and a trial run by tram No.7 took place on 1 December. Following a Board of Trade inspection on 10 December, the line was opened through to Maxton by the end of the month. Depots were provided at Buckland and Maxton. Initially, ten trams were provided, of which two were trailers. Both of these had been converted to powered trams by June 1898. The system had cost £28,000 to construct, and in its first year of operation 1,794,905 passengers were carried, giving a profit of £1,300.
Early years.
By April 1898, trams had ceased to run past Strond Street into Clarence Place as the operation of the railway between Dover Harbour station and Dover Marine station caused much delay to trams trying to use that section of track, although the service was later restored. Two more trams were ordered that month. The first of the new cars was delivered in June 1898, when it was announced that a total of five more trams was on order. The new trams would allow a five-minute service on the Buckland route and a ten-minute service on the Maxton route. Although a through service from Maxton to the harbour was asked for, it was not possible to provide this as doing so would have exceeded the capacity of the line to handle the traffic.
The third pair of new trams (Nos.15 & 16) was delivered in May 1899. These had been manufactured in America by the Brill Company. In November, a proposal to include the Dover system in a tramway linking Hastings and Ramsgate was opposed by the council. The scheme was quickly dropped through a lack of support. In March 1900, complaints were received that trams at Maxton were not running past the depot and an instruction was issued that this practise should cease. A track cleaning tram was authorised to be purchased in May 1900.
In November 1901, proposals were put forward to extend the system to River and Martin Mill via St Margarets Bay. Both schemes were approved, but the St Margarets Bay Light Railway was not built. A further new tram was ordered in June 1902. In May 1903, Alderman Adcock suggested that part of the revenue should be set aside to provide for major renewals of track, vehicles and equipment. This request was rejected as it was claimed that the system was in excellent repair and any future renewals would be paid for by a fresh loan. This policy was to cause the system to fall into disrepair in later years. In April 1904, the purchase of a top cover was authorised, and this was fitted to tram No.14. A poll was held in the town on the subject of Sunday services, but opinion was against their introduction at the time.
Expansion.
In November 1904 the purchase of four additional trams was authorised, along with the provision of slipper brakes on the eighteen existing trams and new trolley standards for eight trams. On 20 December a special meeting of the council approved the extension to River. The tender of the British Electrical Equipment Company for construction of the double track line at a cost of £10,353 was accepted. Dick, Kerr & Co’s tender for four new trams at a cost of £575 each was also accepted. It was commented in the Dover Express that more covered cars should be provided but the cover fitted to No.14 was not successful as it was too heavy. It was eventually removed and converted to an office at the Maxton depot. The new trams were delivered on 19 May 1905 and the new line at Crabble Hill was under construction by June. By September the line was complete enough for a Board of Trade inspection. The official opening of the extension was on 2 October.
Consolidation.
In 1909, the level crossing at the Crosswall was again the cause of a dispute. The railway company had renewed their track, but had not reinstated the tramway, arguing that this was not their responsibility. In March 1911, Sunday services were introduced. In 1912, a new siding was constructed at New Bridge to hold trams ready to take passengers after band performances on the Sea Front or at Granville Gardens. In July 1911, three new trams were purchased at a cost of £1,830. They were delivered in 1912. In June 1913, the track cleaning tram was adapted to enable it to water the streets where it ran. The track was by this time in a poor condition. A report estimated a repair cost of £3,477. A decision was made to spend £1,500 on the most urgent repairs, with the rest to be done as soon as possible.
The First World War.
The war led to a shortage of both materials for renewal of the track and spares for the trams. With the start of air raids, the service was cut back so that all trams were in the depot by 10pm. The question of a through service from Maxton to the Pier was again raised in 1916, but it was decided not to introduce this. On 19 August 1917, an accident occurred when tram No.20 ran away down Crabble Hill and overturned at the bottom of the hill. Eleven passengers were killed and sixty were injured. As a consequence of the accident, the use of the top deck was banned on Crabble Hill. In order to provide materials for the repair of the worst sections of track, of track in Lewisham Road, River was lifted in November 1917, and that section of line reduced to a single line. Manager E C Carden was criticised at the time for the state of the system. He replied that the problems were down to shortage of spares and manpower caused by the war. Although about half the trams were unserviceable, only tram No.17 had been off the road for an excessive amount of time. Some of the trams were running on one motor. Shortly after this, Mr Carden resigned on grounds of ill-health and Mr E H Bond was appointed manager in his place. Bond had previously been with the Isle of Thanet and Colchester Tramways.
In October 1918, a report by Dick, Kerr & Co was presented to the Council. It stated that the whole system was in very bad condition, with the track and overhead wiring needing replacement. Only about half of the fleet were in serviceable condition, with some of the early cars having been cannibalised in order to keep others running.
New Management.
Mr Bond obtained authority to fit a set of steel wheels with removable tyres to one of the trams. It was found to be an improvement on the cast iron wheels in use, which easily developed flats. The horse-drawn tower wagon was worn out, and a new one was purchased at a cost of £115 from the Electrical and Engineering Co. The overhead wiring was replaced, with new trolley poles where necessary. The suspension of the trams was also modernised where necessary.
The ban on passengers using the top deck of trams on Crabble Hill was lifted in April 1919. The restoration of the double track at River was asked for, as were three new trams and provision of workshop facilities at the Buckland depot. The manager was asked to report on an extension of the system from Crabble, via Kearsney and London Road, thus making a loop at that part of the system. When the Council was told that it would cost £34,556 they immediately dropped the scheme. The purchase of three new trams was authorised, funded by a loan of £6,000 over fifteen years. Although negotiations were commenced in December 1920 to purchase land at Buckland for provision of workshops, agreement could not be reached and the scheme never got off the ground. All maintenance continuing to be done at the small Maxton depot. In 1921, the manager asked that the responsibility for the permanent way be transferred from the Borough Engineer’s Department to himself. There were complaints that the system of repairs and renewals employed by the Borough Engineer was causing operational problem and complaints from residents affected by noisy track. The Council decided to maintain the status quo having heard from the Borough Engineer. Much track repair and renewal was done about this time.
The early 1920s.
In October 1921, the Manager again asked for the renewal of the double track at River, and for two new lines. The first was to be along Priory Road, which would have enabled a service between Maxton and River avoiding Worthington Street, and enabled easier transfer of trams between depots. The second was an extension to serve Dover Marine station. He again asked for the provision of workshop facilities at the Buckland depot.
In November 1921, the Borough Engineer’s report said that the extension to Dover Marine station would cost £16,000. It was suggested that ”trackless trams” should be installed instead. In April 1922, a trolleybus was demonstrated in the town but it did not impress the Council. Track repairs and renewals were done in Tower Hamlets and on the Folkestone Road that winter.
In April 1923, the question of a through service between Maxton and the Pier was again raised. Provision of such a service would have meant renewal of the track and overhead at the Worthington Street junction, which was in poor condition and made even empty stock working between the two depots difficult. The proposal was again turned down. In July, the Council addressed the question of the long-term policy for transport within the Borough. Proposals were made to obtain powers to run buses or trolleybuses but these met strong opposition amongst the townsfolk.
An accident occurred on Crabble Hill on 21 September when a tram ran away down the hill and derailed on the points at the bottom and had a head-on collision with another tram. Despite much broken glass, there were no serious injuries. The two trams were repaired and returned to service. In June 1924, the track in the High Street was renewed at a cost of £2,450.
The mid-1920s.
In the autumn of 1924 the Manager asked for more new trams. Most of the trams in service were in good condition, except for a few of the earliest trams which he considered were not worth spending money repairing. There were concerns that the top decks of some of the oldest trams may collapse. Discussions were held about the future of the system and it was again suggested that the Kearsney loop should be built. It was now estimated that this would cost £10,000 to construct and three new trams required at a cost of £5,250. A suggestion was put forward that the tram system should be cut back to New Bridge and that buses or trolleybuses should run through to Dover Marine station. The Council decided to authorise the renewal of all track below New Bridge and to continue the service to Crosswall.
In April 1925, an inspection of the trams took place. Tram No.2, having been out of traffic for many years was ordered to be scrapped, with the body being converted to a waiting room. £100 was authorised to be spent on repairs to No.6 and No.13, and £50 on No.14. The body of No.2 was duly converted and served as a waiting room at South Road, River.
In June 1925, proposals were again put forward for buses or trolleybuses and the track renewals were postponed. After the summer recess, it was decided to authorise a loan of £7,184 for track renewals, including the rebuilding of the Worthington Street junction. In February 1926, tram No.13 re-entered traffic, having been rebuilt at a cost of £216. Authority was given for trams No.15 and 16 to be rebuilt.
Secondhand stock.
In the autumn of 1926, it was announced by the General Manager that although six new motors had been bought, new trams were still needed. Tram No.20 was in a dangerous condition bodywise. The Council authorised the purchase of two secondhand trams from Darlington at a cost of £500, including some spares. These trams took numbers 8 and 9 in the Dover fleet. After problems with worn drive gear were rectified, the trams became popular on the service to Maxton.
In January 1927, the surviving original cars were condemned and it was decided to purchase five trams from the recently defunct West Hartlepool system at a cost of £850 including spares. These trams took numbers 1 – 5 in the Dover Fleet. Tram No.15 re-entered traffic and No.16 was under overhaul at this time. The scrapping of original trams 3 – 7, 10 – 12 and 14 was authorised, the bodies of some being used as shelters at various municipal sports grounds.
In July 1928, an evening postal collection was instituted on the 8.30pm tram from River. In December 1928, two secondhand trams were purchased from the Birmingham and Midland Joint Committee, with three top covers at a total cost of £450. The new trams took numbers 11 and 12 and the top covers were fitted to trams 25 – 27. Trams 22 – 24 were withdrawn from traffic so that their bodies could be rebuilt. The introduction of the new cars meant that some alterations had to be made to the overhead wiring and support poles.
In September 1929, Dover Harbour Board announced an alteration of the docks, with the result that some track alterations were carried out in Snargate Street. In May 1930, tram No.17 was withdrawn, and one of the others was described as “almost beyond useful service”. Five second-hand trams were purchased from the Birmingham & Midland Joint Committee at a cost of £800. These trams took numbers 6 – 7, 10, 14 and 17 in the fleet.
In the winter of 1930, track renewals at Dover Priory station were carried out at a cost of £1,502. In September 1931 the track layout in Biggin Street was improved. Further consideration of conversion of the River route to trolleybus operation in the autumn of 1931 came to nothing. Further track renewal at Dover Priory station was done in January 1933. In September 1933, tram No.22 was scrapped as the bodywork was in poor condition. It was considered that two other trams were nearing the end of their useful lives. Two second-hand trams and two tram bodies were purchased from Birmingham Corporation at a cost of £310. The bodies were mounted on the trucks of two scrapped trams, and the four new trams took numbers 19 – 22 in the fleet.
Abandonment.
In April 1934, discussion of the transport policy in Dover resulted in the decision by the Tramways Committee to run tram services until 31 March 1936 and to promote a bill for the introduction of Corporation bus services within the borough. The East Kent Road Car Company Ltd. had offered to assist with the provision of bus services in the borough. The Council referred the decision back to the Committee asking for details of East Kent’s terms. In October 1934, the Council asked for expert opinion from the General Manager of Birmingham Corporation’s Tramways and Omnibus Department, Arthur Chantrey Baker. Three options were to be considered; reconditioning the tramways, the offer from East Kent, and provision of bus services by the Corporation. The result was that East Kent was to provide buses within the borough, with the Corporation receiving 75% of the profits after certain allowable expenses were deducted. The Corporation was free of any liability in the event of a loss being incurred by East Kent. The final trams ran on 31 December 1936, nine months later than was originally planned. The open-top trams were scrapped at River by burning them. The covered trams were disposed of by contract. It is believed that they too were scrapped in this way.
Accidents.
On 19 August 1917, tram No.20 ran away down Crabble Hill and overturned, killing eleven passengers and injuring sixty. A Board of Trade enquiry was held on the 24 August 1917 by Colonel Pringle, R.E. The main causes of the accident were driver error due to inexperience, overloading of the tram and worn brakes. The driver had mishandled the controls with the result that he had driven it at full speed down the hill. He also omitted to make a compulsory stop at the top of the hill as required. The Coroner recorded a verdict of misadventure on all the deceased. It was discovered that the Corporation was under insured, and some of the compensation payable to the victims of the accident had to come out of the general rates. Despite severe damage to the tram, it was eventually repaired and returned to service. The accident was the worst ever in the United Kingdom
On 21 September 1923, tram No.23 ran away down Crabble Hill and derailed at the bottom, colliding head-on with tram No.24. Although both cars had many windows broken there were no serious injuries. The causes of the accident were a defective handbrake on tram 23, low adhesion of the track due to wet leaves, and the driver’s mishandling of the controls of the tram, which he was driving from the rear when the accident happened.
Depots.
Buckland.
Buckland Depot had four tracks, each capable of holding five trams. The two centre tracks had inspection pits, but the depot was not suitable for maintenance and repairs, this work having to be done at the Maxton Depot. Although consideration was given to providing maintenance facilities at Buckland in 1919, the council was unable to negotiate the purchase of the necessary land to expand the depot. Buckland depot still stands, and is used as a car sales showroom.
Maxton.
Maxton Depot had two tracks, each capable of holding three trams. The left hand track had an inspection pit. All maintenance and repairs were done at this depot.

</doc>
<doc id="19760839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760839" title="Verona Apartments">
Verona Apartments

Verona Apartments may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19760871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760871" title="I Will Cure You">
I Will Cure You

I Will Cure You is the only album by the comedian Vic Reeves. It was released in 1991, produced by Steve Beresford, Andy Metcalfe and Philip Oakey. It included the Number One single "Dizzy" which was a collaboration with the The Wonder Stuff.

</doc>
<doc id="19760876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760876" title="Siruv">
Siruv

A shtar siruv (also spelled seruv) is a form of contempt of court order issued by a "beth din" (rabbinical court) in an effort to compel action by an individual.
The "siruv" has been described as a form of "cherem" (which combines characteristics of shunning or excommunication) for a party who refuses to appear before a beth din. Under the terms of a "siruv", the individual is to be shunned by the community until the terms of the order issued by the "beth din" are addressed. While most Jewish litigants are adjured from pursuing justice against other Jews in the civil court system, in the case of a "siruv", the "beth din" may permit use of the secular courts by the plaintiff.
In 1993, the Rabbinical Council of America (RCA), one of the world's largest organizations of Orthodox rabbis, issued a resolution regarding spouses who refuse to comply with a "beth din" in the issuance of a "get" (the formal divorce document presented by a husband to his wife to terminate their marriage under Jewish law). Synagogues of RCA members were encouraged to formulate procedures under which a spouse under a "siruv" regarding their failure to comply with issuance of a "get" would be excluded from membership, employment, elective and appointed positions in the synagogue; would be excluded from being called to the "Torah" or lead services. Synagogues would announce the non-compliant individual's name monthly after "shabbat" services and would publish the person's name in its bulletin, including a call to others to "limit their social and economic relations to such persons."

</doc>
<doc id="19760920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760920" title="Fortifications of Zürich">
Fortifications of Zürich

Zurich was an independent ("reichsfrei") city or city-state from 1218 to 1798. The town was fortified with a city wall from the 13th to the 17th century, and with more elaborate ramparts constructed in the 17th to 18th century and mostly demolished in the 1830s to 1870s.
First wall.
There had been a first city wall dating to the 11th or 12th century. The existence of such an early wall had been suggested, but the mainstream view assumed that the town had been unfortified – the remains of the roman castle and a so-called Kaiserpfalz on Lindenhof hill excepted – before the 13th century, until the chance discovery of remnants of the first wall during the 1990s construction work at the central library.
Second wall.
Following the extinction of the main line of the Zähringer family in 1218, Zurich became a free imperial city. Over the following decades, a city wall was constructed over a length of some 2,400 m.
Early modern ramparts.
From 1642, an impressive set of ramparts was built based on plans by Hans Georg Werdmüller and Johann Ardüser, at an immense cost and completed only in the second half of the 18th century. The ramparts included fifteen bastions, one of them built inside the Limmat river (the "Bauschänzli", location of the former "Ravelin Kratz").
The ramparts were mostly destroyed in 1834, but parts of the walls and the western moat remain visible.

</doc>
<doc id="19760932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760932" title="Sprengel pump">
Sprengel pump

The Sprengel pump is a vacuum pump invented by Hanover-born chemist Hermann Sprengel in 1865 while he was working in London. The pump created the highest vacuum achievable at that time.
The system used drops of mercury falling through a small-bore capillary tube to trap air from the system to be evacuated. The falling mercury drops compressed the air to atmospheric pressure which was released when the stream reached a container at the bottom of the tube. As the pressure dropped, the cushioning effect of trapped air between the droplets diminished, so a hammering or knocking sound could be heard, accompanied by flashes of light within the evacuated vessel. 
The speed, simplicity and efficiency of the Sprengel pump made it a popular device with experimenters. Sprengel's earliest model could evacuate a half litre vessel in 20 minutes. The device was later found capable of reducing the pressure to less than 1 mPa.
William Crookes used the pumps in series in his studies of electric discharges. William Ramsay used them to isolate the noble gases, and Joseph Swan and Thomas Edison used them to evacuate their new carbon filament lamps. The Sprengel pump was the key tool which made it possible in 1879 to sufficiently exhaust the air from a light bulb so a carbon filament incandescent electric light bulb lasted long enough to be commercially practical. Sprengel himself moved on to investigating explosives and was eventually elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19760955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760955" title="USNS Laramie (T-AO-203)">
USNS Laramie (T-AO-203)

USNS "Laramie" (T-AO-203) is a underway replenishment oiler operated by the Military Sealift Command to support ships of the United States Navy. 
"Laramie", the seventeenth ship of the "Henry J. Kaiser" class, was laid down at Avondale Shipyard, Inc., at New Orleans, Louisiana, on 10 January 1994 and launched on 6 May 1995. She was one of only three of the eighteen "Henry J. Kaiser"-class ships -- the other two being USNS "Patuxent" (T-AO-201) and USNS "Rappahannock" (T-AO-204) -- to be built with a double bottom in order to meet the requirements of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990. Hull separation is 6 feet (1.83 m) at the sides and 6 feet 6 inches (1.98 m) on the bottom, reducing her liquid cargo capacity by about from that of the 15 ships of her class without a double bottom.
"Laramie" entered non-commissioned U.S. Navy service under the control of the Military Sealift Command with a primarily civilian crew on 7 May 1996, the last of the eighteen "Henry J. Kaiser"-class ships to enter service. She serves in the United States Atlantic Fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="19760961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760961" title="Extrema (band)">
Extrema (band)


</doc>
<doc id="19760969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760969" title="Ghar Ka Chiraag">
Ghar Ka Chiraag

Ghar Ka Chiraag is a 1989 Indian film in Hindi directed by Sikander Bharti. The film stars Rajesh Khanna, Neelam Kothari and Chunky Pandey in leading roles. The film was 4th highest grossing Hindi film at the box office in the year 1989.
Plot.
Kumar(Rajesh Khanna) is a very wealthy businessman and lives a comfortable lifestyle with his lovely wife, Asha (Deepika), in a palatial house. The only thing missing from their lives is a son. When Asha gets pregnant, Kumar knows that all his dreams will be fulfilled and his business will be known as "Kumar & Son". Unfortunately, Asha has a miscarriage which results in her death as well as in the death of their son. A devastated Kumar takes to alcohol and devotes his energy and finances to a school for needy children in scenic Mussoorie. It is here he gets to meet the College Principal's daughter, Kiran( Neelam), who he knows is in love with a fellow-collegian, Ravi(Chunkey Pandey). When Ravi takes part in the annual car rally, his vehicle is sabotaged and he is reportedly killed. But the College principal(Om Shivpuri) comes to know that his daughter is pregnant with Ravi's child and when this comes to notice to Kumar, he agrees to lend his own name to the unborn child. Kiran marries Kumar and they lead a happpy married life, though Kumar never had physical relation with Kiran. A boy child is born and Kumar gives the kid so much love that the boy is more affectionate to Kumar than his mother. Meanwhile Ravi survives and with the help of his parents (Shafi Inamdaar) wants to return to Mussoorie. Before that could happen, Kiran's father tells them that Kiran is no more, throwing Ravi into a relapse. Months later Ravi does recover, but refuses to get married. Then five years later he finds out that there is going to be another car rally there and despite of his parents' objections, he travels to Mussoorie and this is where he will find out that Kiran is still alive and even has a son, and her husband is none other than the wealthy widower - Kumar. Ravi must now find out why Kiran's father lied to him, and whether or not Kiran wanted to marry Kumar because of his wealth.Kumar's life is drastically changes once Ravi makes a reentry to their lives.

</doc>
<doc id="19760994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760994" title="Sleepovers (book)">
Sleepovers (book)

Sleepovers is a book by Jacqueline Wilson published in 2001. The story is about Daisy, who hangs out with her friends Amy, Bella, Chloe and Emily: "The Alphabet Club", which was formed by Daisy herself. While she goes to their birthday sleepovers, she's worried that her brain-damaged sister Lily, wouldn't spoil her sleepover.
Storyline.
The main character, Daisy, has just moved to a new school and has made friends with Amy, Bella, Chloe and Emily. They have a special secret Alphabet Club, due to their names beginning with the first five letters of the alphabet (Amy, Bella, Chloe, Daisy and Emily). When Amy has a sleepover for her birthday, the others decide they will all do the same, but Daisy is worried about how her friends will react to her sister Lily, who has had special needs since she was born. 
Daisy is invited to Amy, Bella and Emily's sleepovers with no hesitation,but Chloe takes more persuading (she deliberately didn't invite Daisy, but covered this up by saying "her mum said she could only have three people there"), and only gives in when the others refuse to go en masse unless Daisy can. 
At Daisy's party, Amy, Bella and Emily all like Lily but Lily got over-excited after seeing a toy teddy bear that was part of a present from Emily, and had to be put to bed. Chloe (who deliberately turned up late) took the mickey out of Lily for having a rather large chair and also warned Daisy she had better be more careful with her big sister. In the middle of the night Chloe needed to go to the toilet so she woke up Daisy and then hand in hand they both went inside upstairs. When they got to the top of the stairs Chloe got a bit scared because all she could hear was "UR UR UR UR UR" and she did not know that it was Lily (Chloe associated "UR UR UR UR UR" with a white witchy ghost movie watched earlier that day); Chloe wets herself with fear. The other alphabet club members tell her that Chloe shouldn't have watched that movie the next school-day in retaliation to Chloe saying to a new gang of girls about having been to the worst sleepover party in the world that weekend - and also branding Daisy's sister as "this batty, loopy, maniac baby sister who screams all the time" in front of Daisy. Later Emily asks if Daisy wants to be her best friend and Daisy says yes. Chloe made a new best friend and leaves the alphabet club. In the end of the book Daisy says that Lily is the best sister ever. 
The parties each have a different main activity, including dancing and dress-up (Amy), swimming (Bella), having a teddy bear's picnic (Emily), making pizzas and films (Chloe) and camping in the garden (Daisy).

</doc>
<doc id="19760996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760996" title="Ogston Hall">
Ogston Hall

Ogston Hall is a privately owned 18th-century country house situated at Brackenfield, near Alfreton, Derbyshire. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The Revell family of South Normanton held Ogston in the 14th century by marriage to the Deincourt heiress.
The house has its origins about 1500 but was much altered in the 17th century by the Revells. A two storey north west wing with attics and basement was added in 1659 and a connected stable block was added in 1695.
In 1706 William Revell died, leaving the estate to his sisters, one of whom married Richard Turbutt. Turbutt bought out his sister-in-law's interest. In 1768 his son William Turbutt further altered and extended the house by adding a five-bay south east wing to a design by architect Joseph Pickford. Further work was done for the Turbutts by TC Hine in 1851, including a five storey castellated tower.
Part of the estate was flooded in 1957 for the creation of the Ogston Reservoir.
Several of the Turbutts served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire. The most recent Turbutt to reside at the Hall was Gladwyn Turbutt, the historian and writer. He was High Sheriff in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19761003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761003" title="Rural Reconstruction Association">
Rural Reconstruction Association

The Rural Reconstruction Association (RRA) was a British agricultural reform movement established in 1926 with Montague Fordham as its Council Secretary, a post he held for 20 years.
Influenced by the ideas of guild socialism, the RRA sought for a time the creation of a National Agricultural Guild with land ownership held by land councils who would operate as local sections of the Guild. Its main consistent aims however were to revive agriculture and to decentralise the population of Britain. It sought to standardise prices and produce grading, regulate imports and encourage more of a balance between agriculture and industry which, it argued, would benefit both sectors by ending over-reliance on manufacturing. As such, the Agricultural Marketing Act 1931, Wheat Act 1932 and Agricultural Marketing Act 1933, all of which moved towards protectionism in agriculture, were seen by the RRA as a vindication of their arguments.
Their 1936 document "The Revival of Agriculture" attacked modern economics whilst praising what they saw as the more realistic approach of Elizabethan times, where financiers were servants of producers rather than masters. They argued that this system could be returned by controlling imports and so allowing domestic agricultural produce to reach a higher value. This would mean that banks would be more prepared to advance loans to farmers and would lead to the creation of a system of agricultural credit banks. A revived agricultural sector was also presented as being central to national well-being as it would encourage fresh organic produce.
The group grew close to the Economic Reform Club and Institute (ECRI) in the 1940s and with the ECRI it produced, between 1944 and 1956, a journal dedicated to the reform of the rural economy edited by Jorian Jenks. Jenks' "Rural Economy" journal proved the focal point for fascist sympathies within the movement as Jenks, a former member of the British Union of Fascists, was close to the Union Movement.
The group enjoyed the support of some leading British figures as Sir George Stapledon and Lord Lymington were amongst the members of its board whilst Lord O'Hagan served as President of the movement for a time.

</doc>
<doc id="19761021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761021" title="Mount Ikeda">
Mount Ikeda

Geography.
The mountain is high and is in the center of the Ibuki Mountains. Mount Ibuki, the namesake of the mountain range, lies to the east-northeast of Mount Ikeda. The mountain is protected as part of the Ibi Sekigahara Yōrō National Park (揖斐関ヶ原養老国定公園).
Activities.
Because there are no other mountains to block the view from the eastern side of Mount Ikeda, climbers can easily see the cities of Gifu and Ōgaki in Gifu Prefecture, and Ichinomiya and, if conditions are clear enough, Nagoya in Aichi Prefecture. Because of the clear view, it is one of famed spots for night views in the Tōkai region.
Also, because of the clear space and favorable winds on the eastern side, it is popular for many sky sports, such as hang gliding and paragliding.

</doc>
<doc id="19761046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761046" title="John Smyth (snooker referee)">
John Smyth (snooker referee)

John Smyth (28 May 1928 – 4 January 2007) was one of snooker's leading referees in the 1970s and 1980s. He officiated in two World Snooker Championship finals, including the first to be held at the Crucible Theatre in 1977. The second came in 1982 when Alex Higgins won his second world title. He also oversaw the match in which Kirk Stevens compiled a maximum 147 break at the 1984 Wembley Masters.
Background.
Born in Ireland, Smyth worked as a London Underground driver. He was Piccadilly line snooker champion six times, before becoming a referee in 1978. He retired from the circuit in 1996. Shortly afterwards, he looked back on his career and said "I spent 28 years on the Underground, but gave it all up when snooker began to get big on television. John Street, John Williams, and myself, got more and more work as the circuit grew. In the end, my employers saw more of me on TV than they did at work. People told me it was daft to give up the Tube, and that I'd never earn a living from snooker. They said it would never last on TV, but they were wrong."
In 1977, Smyth was instrumental in the formation of the Professional Referees' Association, and was PRA president at the time of his death in 2007. He died of cancer at the age of 78 on 4 January 2007 at his home in Chesterfield.
Experiences.
He officiated at the first 13 Masters events in London, with Stevens' maximum against Jimmy White one of his career highlights.
"I'd got to know Kirk when he first came over", Smyth remembered in 1998. "He didn't have much money, so I used to drive him to the exhibitions around the country for about 18 months, while he got himself settled. "There were something like 2,500 people packed into the arena, some of them standing. Kirk and Jimmy were such popular players that the atmosphere was incredible. It was like nothing else."

</doc>
<doc id="19761047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761047" title="Andersonville, Tennessee">
Andersonville, Tennessee

Andersonville is an unincorporated community in Anderson County, Tennessee. Beginning with the 2010 census, it is treated as a census-designated place (CDP). The CDP had a population of 472 in 2010.
Andersonville is located on Tennessee State Route 61 and is the site of a post office, which is assigned zip code 37705. Andersonville is the postal address for the area served by that zip code, which includes much of northeastern Anderson County and portions of adjacent Union County. 
History.
The community's founding family donated land for the community's first grade school, which was started in 1830. It was replaced in 1873 by Big Valley Academy, a grade school financed through stock purchases by local citizens. It was renamed Andersonville Institute in 1898, after the Clinton Baptist Association purchased the school building and added high school grades. Andersonville Institute was served by a pair of dormitories for boarding students, who comprised the majority of the high school enrollment. The Anderson County School Board assumed ownership and responsibility for the school in 1923. In 1938 Andersonville's high school students were moved to the new Norris High School in Norris and Andersonville's school became an elementary school again. The old two-story school building was torn down in 1958 and replaced by a new single-story building on the same site that reopened three years later as Andersonville Elementary School. 
Demographics.
The 2010 census population of the Andersonville CDP was 472, including 366 people over 18 and 106 children under 18 years old. The population was 98.5% white, 0.4% Native American or Alaskan native, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, 0.2% some other race, and 0.4% two or more races. The Hispanic or Latino population, including people of any race, totaled 1.5%.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Andersonville has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="19761099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761099" title="Under the Influence of... Love Unlimited">
Under the Influence of... Love Unlimited

Under The Influence of... is the second studio album by Love Unlimited.
Reception.
Released in summer 1973, this album would chart at #3 in the U.S. on the Soul Album charts and reach #1 in Canada on the "RPM" national albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19761107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761107" title="Champion Mill">
Champion Mill

Champion Mill, in Lake County, Colorado, is part of a mining complex on the eastern slope of Mount Champion on Halfmoon Creek. Established in the 1890s, it was a consistent supplier of gold and silver, as well as galena and pyrite to the smelters in Leadville, CO. The mine and mill operated until around 1919, when the price to ship the ore to Leadville became too expensive to maintain a profit.

</doc>
<doc id="19761117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761117" title="Johann Culemeyer">
Johann Culemeyer

Johann Culemeyer (16 October 1883 - 20 January 1951) was a German engineer.
Culemeyer was born in Hanover in 1883 and, in 1936, he became a director of the Deutsche Reichsbahn and in that capacity was responsible for the construction, procurement and running of road vehicles, railway wagons and heavy transporters.
As early as 1931, he had designed a transportation system which was subsequently named after him, the "Culemeyer heavy trailer". This heavy road trailer enabled the transportation of goods wagons on the road. These trailers initially had four axles with 16 solid rubber wheels. From 1935, a six-axle, 24-wheel version was also produced.
Under the slogan "Die Eisenbahn ins Haus" ('The Railway to Your Door') goods wagons were brought to factories and other places that did not have their own railway links from the nearest loading station. It was patented on 29 November 1931 under the name "Fahrbares Anschlussgleis" ('Rail Link on Wheels') and demonstrated to the public for the first time on 24 April 1931 at the Anhalter Bahnhof in Berlin.
In the Deutsche Bundesbahn the trailers were hauled by "Kaelble" tractors; the Deutsche Reichsbahn (GDR) in East Germany used "Tatra" tractors.
Whilst "Culemeyer" heavy trailers have been largely superseded on the roads by lorries, in some factories and firms they are still used occasionally.
On 4 November 1976 a private road belonging to the management of the former Reichsbahn authority ("VdeR") in Berlin-Marienfelde (Tempelhof) was named after Johann Culemeyer. The road is open to public traffic and is a cul-de-sac with several industrial sites along it, including the "Berliner Werk der Converteam Deutschland" that in 1984 moved there as the AEG-Stromrichterfabrik. In the vicinity, there is also the "Schwechtenstrasse", named after the architect of the Anhalter Bahnhof.
Culemeyer died in 1951 in Nordholz, Cuxhaven, in north Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19761162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761162" title="My Own Worst Enemy">
My Own Worst Enemy

My Own Worst Enemy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19761165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761165" title="Jami Miscik">
Jami Miscik

Judith A. "Jami" Miscik rose from the analytic ranks of the Central Intelligence Agency to become Deputy Director for Intelligence, the Agency's seniormost analytic post. In 2005 she left CIA to become Global Head of Sovereign Risk for the now-bankrupt financial services firm Lehman Brothers. Miscik is currently President and Vice-Chairman of Kissinger Associates, Inc. in New York. On December 23, 2009, Ms. Miscik was appointed to President Obama's Intelligence Advisory Board.
Agency career.
Jami Miscik began her CIA career in 1983 as an economic analyst, working on Third World debt and the analysis of political instability before leading Directorate of Intelligence analytic programs on economic competitiveness and civil technologies. From 1995 to 1996 she was seconded to the National Security Council as Director for Intelligence Programs, where she had oversight responsibility for covert action programs and special reconnaissance missions. From 1996 to 1997 she was Executive Assistant to George Tenet, who in July 1997 was sworn in as Director after having served two years as Deputy Director. In January 1998 Miscik became the Deputy Director of the Nonproliferation Center and in January 1999 Director of Transnational Issues. Between 2002 and 2005 Miscik served as the CIA's Deputy Director for Intelligence, during which time she was responsible for all CIA analysis and for preparation of the President's Daily Brief, an exclusive intelligence compilation that goes only to the President and select senior members of his national security team. In February 2005, she joined the exodus of senior CIA officials that followed the arrival of Porter Goss as Director of Central Intelligence.
After Intelligence.
Miscik joined Lehman Brothers in June 2005, where she served as Global Head of Sovereign Risk and was the subject of a flattering profile in Fortune magazine. Following the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September, 2008, she remained briefly with Barclays, which had bought what remained of Lehman. With the victory of Barack Obama in the November 2008 presidential election, Miscik returned to Washington for a short stint, working on the intelligence transition. In January, 2009, she was named Vice-Chairman of Kissinger Associates, Inc.
Background and Public Service.
Miscik was born in Chicago and grew up in Redondo Beach, California. She received her B.A. with honors from Pepperdine University in Political Science and Economics in 1980 and an M.A. in International Studies from the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver in 1982. She serves on the boards of In-Q-Tel [http://www.iqt.org/, the Council on Foreign Relations, the American Ditchley Foundation, and the UNA-USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19761166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761166" title="Ted King (cyclist)">
Ted King (cyclist)

Edward Carrington "Ted" King (born January 31, 1983) is an American professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam . He previously rode for (2006–2008) and (2008–2009). King was born and raised in New Hampshire. A graduate of Middlebury College in Middlebury, Vermont, King currently resides in Girona, Catalonia, Spain.
King made headlines when he was disqualified from the 2013 Tour de France. The disqualification was a result of finishing seven seconds outside the cutoff time on Stage 4. Many felt that race officials should have taken account of his courage in completing the stage with a separated shoulder and allowed him to continue the tour.
Palmarès.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19761257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761257" title="Danna Mohamed of the Maldives">
Danna Mohamed of the Maldives

Sultan Danna Mohanmed Sri Raadha Bavana Mahaa Radun was the Sultan of Maldives in 1421. He was the son of Prince Yoosuf Abbas Hadheygirin, and a member of the Hilaalee dynasty. This Sultan ruled the country for only 11 months until he was forced to abdicate by Prince Yoosuf (later Sultan Yoosuf).
In his reign he built many places such as Henveyru Danna Muhammed Mosque, Maafannu Bandaara Mosque and the Kanbaafaanu Royal Palace (now Maavaage).
He served as Prime Minister to Osman I and was paternal uncle of Hassan I and Hussain I.

</doc>
<doc id="19761271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761271" title="Tadeusz Strumiłło">
Tadeusz Strumiłło

Tadeusz Strumiłło (1884-1958) was a Polish teacher, harcmistrz (the highest Scouting instructor rank in Poland), the president of the Polish Scouting and Guiding Association (ZHP) from 1923 to 1925. A pedagogue and psychologist, he taught in the Jagiellonian University, and the Catholic University of Lublin. During World War II he was one of the lecturers of the underground universities and supported the Polish Scout resistance movement, the Grey Ranks.

</doc>
<doc id="19761273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761273" title="Graziella de Michele">
Graziella de Michele

Graziella de Michele (born in Lyon) is a French singer-songwriter famous for her 1987 single "Le Pull-over blanc", which was a top three hit on the SNEP singles chart and achieved Silver status. The song was first covered by Arno Hintjens in 1990, then by Alexandre Balduzzi and Nolwenn Leroy in 2003 on Star Academy 2's album "Fait sa boum". De Michele's next singles passed unnoticed and therefore the singer can be considered as a one-hit wonder.

</doc>
<doc id="19761274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761274" title="1929 Star Riders' Championship">
1929 Star Riders' Championship

The 1929 Star Riders' Championship was decided in two sections, British riders and overseas riders, due to the strength of the more experienced overseas riders. The competition was held on a knockout basis over different tracks.
Final standings.
Heat Details.
1st Round
Sprouts Elder bt Billy Galloway
Billy Lamont bt Art Pechar
Vic Huxley bt Ron Johnson
Frank Arthur bt Max Grosskreutz
Stan Catlett v Alf Chick "(not raced)"
Semi-finals
Vic Huxley bt Sprouts Elder
Frank Arthur bt Billy Lamont
Final
Frank Arthur bt Vic Huxley
Heat Details.
1st Round
Buster Frogley bt Jim Kempster
Ivor Creek bt Tommy Croombs
Jack Parker bt Jimmy Hayes
Colin Watson bt Eric Spencer
Roger Frogley bt Gus Kuhn
2nd Round
Roger Frogley bt Ivor Creek
Colin Watson bt Buster Frogley
Jack Parker (bye)
Semi-final
Jack Parker bt Colin Watson
Final
Roger Frogley bt Jack Parker

</doc>
<doc id="19761286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761286" title="Amir Damar Koku">
Amir Damar Koku

Amir Damer Koku (born 8 December 1979 in Khartoum, Sudan) is a Sudanese footballer who plays central defender.
International career.
Koku plays for the Sudan National Team as No.21 and for the squad of Sudan for the 2008 African Cup of Nations and World Cup qualifications 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19761315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761315" title="FCJ">
FCJ

FCJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19761319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761319" title="Ping-hui Liao">
Ping-hui Liao

Ping-hui Liao (Traditional Chinese:廖炳惠) is Chuan-liu Chair Professor in Taiwan Studies at Department of Literature, the University of California at San Diego (UCSD). Prior to taking the chair professor position at UCSD, he was a Distinguished Professor at National Tsinghua University and also Director General of the National Science Council Department of Humanities and Social Sciences. He was also a visiting professor at Columbia University during the 2001-02 academic year and before that a visiting scholar at the Harvard-Yenching Institute in 1996-97 and Princeton University in 1991-92. He graduated from Tunghai University in 1976. He received his Ph.D. at the University of California, San Diego in 1987.
Liao works primarily in the fields of comparative literature, postcolonial theory, and cultural studies. He is also interested in the study of opera, sister arts, and visual culture. He has written many books in Taiwanese, including "At the Crossroad of Taiwan and World Literature", published in 2006, and "Ways of Eating: Savoring Postmodernity", published in 2004. He has also edited "Taiwan Under Japanese Colonial Rule, 1895-1945: History, Culture, Memory" with Wang Der-wei. Published by Columbia University Press in 2006, the volume was one of the first English studies of colonial Taiwan. In 2007, Liao and Wang organized a conference at Yale named Taiwan and its Contexts. The two intend to publish a volume documenting its findings. Liao also serves on the editorial collective of Public Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19761329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761329" title="Yoosuf II of the Maldives">
Yoosuf II of the Maldives

Sultan Yoosuf II Dri loka aanandha Mahaa Radhun was the Sultan of the Maldives from 1421 to 1443. He was the son of Sultan Hassan I.

</doc>
<doc id="19761336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761336" title="John Eller">
John Eller

John Jacob ("Jack" or J.J.) Eller, Jr. (October 15, 1883 – January 20, 1967) was born in New Jersey and died in Cutchogue, New York. He was an American track and field athlete, a member of the Irish American Athletic Club and a member of the New York City Police Department from 1905 to 1942. Eller was a five-time Amateur Athletic Union champion in the 220 yard low hurdles between 1907 and 1912. He competed as a member of the U.S. Olympic team in the 1912 Summer Olympics. (John's brother Robert Eller was also an athlete, who competed for Fordham University and the Irish American Athletic Club.
In 1910, Eller was considered 'King of the Hurdlers.' "He held the world's record for the 220 yard, 2 foot 6 inch hurdle made at Travers Island in 1908, the time being 24 4/6 seconds and also the 220 yard 3ft. 6in. hurdles made at Celtic Prk in October, 1908 in 27 and 3/5 seconds." Also in 1908, Eller won the 150 yard, 200 yard and 220 yard hurdle indoor championships, securing three first prizes all in one night. In 1909, Eller won both the 120 yard high hurdle and the 220 yard low hurdles, coming close to securing a record in the latter."
In 1912 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 110 metre hurdles competition. He also participated in the pentathlon event but quit after three disciplines, with the victory going to Jim Thorpe.

</doc>
<doc id="19761352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761352" title="Vaughn Blanchard">
Vaughn Blanchard

Vaughn Seavey Blanchard (July 11, 1889 – November 26, 1969) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Franklin, New Hampshire and died in Sarasota County, Florida.
In 1912 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 110 metre hurdles competition.
Blanchard also competed in the exhibition baseball tournament at the 1912 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19761355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761355" title="Twilight (soundtrack)">
Twilight (soundtrack)

The "Twilight" soundtrack is the official music for the 2008 film "Twilight". The score was composed by Carter Burwell, with the rest of the soundtrack chosen by music supervisor Alexandra Patsavas. The album was released on November 4, 2008 by Patsavas' Chop Shop label in conjunction with Atlantic Records. The album debuted at #1 on the "Billboard 200", having sold about 165,000 copies in its first week of release, 29% of which were digital downloads. "Twilight: The Score" was made available for digital download on November 25, 2008, and the album was released to stores on December 9, 2008.
"Twilight" is the best-selling theatrical movie soundtrack in the United States since "". Both the soundtrack and the lead single, "Decode" by Paramore, were nominated for the 2010 Grammy Awards.
"Twilight: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack".
Director Catherine Hardwicke revealed in an interview with MTV that a song by alternative rock band Muse, later revealed to be "Supermassive Black Hole", would be included on the film's soundtrack. The soundtrack includes two songs by Paramore, a new song by Mutemath, and an original song for the film by Perry Farrell. "Flightless Bird, American Mouth" by Iron & Wine was chosen for inclusion in the movie by star Kristen Stewart, who plays Bella Swan. The soundtrack won a 2009 American Music Award for Favorite Soundtrack.
Marketing.
The CD booklet on the physical CD folds out into one of four "Twilight" posters. Hot Topic locations across the United States hosted exclusive "Twilight" soundtrack listening parties on October 24. Albums bought at Borders bookstores feature an acoustic version of Paramore's "Decode". Summit Entertainment provided a free remix of "Bella's Lullaby" through iTunes, with the purchase of a "Twilight" theatre ticket through online ticket services Fandango or MovieTickets.com.
iTunes digital album.
A digital version of the album, available for purchase on iTunes, includes a digital booklet with artwork and images from "Twilight" and three bonus songs:
Deluxe edition CD/DVD.
A deluxe CD/DVD version of the album includes five additional tracks:
Chart performance.
The "Twilight" soundtrack debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200, selling 165,000 copies in its first week, according to Nielsen Soundscan. "Twilight" is the first soundtrack to hit #1 in advance of its film's release since the "8 Mile" soundtrack in 2002. The album was certified double platinum on April 16, 2009. After a re-release of the album in a "Deluxe Edition" in March, 2009, it climbed from #14 to #3 on the "Billboard 200", selling 74,000 copies. It remained on the "Billboard 200" for 48 consecutive weeks. As of January 2014, the album has sold 2,802,000 copies in the US. 
The soundtrack peaked at number one in New Zealand on February 9, 2009 and has been certified platinum, selling over 15,000 copies. The album has been certified gold in Mexico, selling over 50,000 copies. The soundtrack has sold over 3.5 million copies worldwide.
Score.
Carter Burwell composed and orchestrated the score for "Twilight" over a 9–10 week period, and it was recorded and mixed in about 2 weeks in late September 2008. He began the score with a "Love Theme" for Bella and Edward's relationship, a variation of which became "Bella's Lullaby" that Robert Pattinson plays in the film and that is included on the "Twilight Original Motion Picture Soundtrack". The original theme is featured throughout the film, and serves to "play the romance that drives the story". Another theme Burwell composed was a "Predator Theme", which opens the film, and is intended to play Edward's vampire nature. Other themes include a bass-line, drum beat and distorted guitar sound for the nomadic vampires, and a melody for the Cullen family. "Twilight: The Score" was released digitally on November 25, 2008 and in stores on December 9. The score album had sold 218,000 copies in the United States as of June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19761358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761358" title="Broc Parkes">
Broc Parkes

Broc Parkes is an Australian motorcycle racer, best known for his success in the Supersport World Championship.
Early years.
He was born on 24 December 1981, and lives in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, resulting in the nickname 'The Boy From the Bush'. Parkes was originally inspired to race as a four-year-old, when he saw countryman Wayne Gardner winning a race. Gardner ultimately became his manager. He began racing on dirt tracks a year later, with great success. He then switched to circuit racing at the age of sixteen (the legal limit in Australia). He won the Australian 125cc title and Australian 250cc Production title in 1999, on Honda machinery.
Going International.
Parkes then spent a season in Japan with the Moriwaki squad's Honda equipment, finishing third in the All Japan X Formula series. Parkes then moved to Europe to join the NCR Ducati team for the 2001 World Superbike Championship. He experienced a mechanical failure while running strongly in one race, but he took 16th overall. In 2002 he finished up 11th.
Supersport World Championship.
For 2003 he moved to the Supersport World Championship for the BKM Honda team, but the team was late getting race equipment, and did not complete the year due to financial problems. He moved to the crack Ten Kate team for 2004, finishing as championship runner-up behind team-mate Karl Muggeridge. For 2005 he joined Yamaha's factory team, struggling for most of 2005 but ending with a victory to come fifth overall. In 2006 he challenged for the title before a crash at Assen left him critically injured – although he returned before the end of the season to come third overall. He finished a distant second to Kenan Sofuoglu in 2007, with back-to-back wins at Brands Hatch and Lausitzring despite a broken collarbone early in the season, and finished 4th in 2008 despite a series-high six poles and a season-opening victory in Losail
Back to World Superbikes.
For 2009 Parkes returns to World Superbike – on factory Kawasakis ran by Paul Bird Motorsport, teamed with former Grand Prix winner Makoto Tamada. His team often struggled for results, but he shone in a one-off appearance at the British Superbike Championship round at Brands Hatch. Parkes qualified second and finished second in all of the three races held there, only behind the dominant Leon Camier each time.
2010 was also a struggle for Parkes, who joined the new Echo CRS Honda team. He crashed heavily in pre-season and missed the first three rounds, and was usually a backmarker once he returned. Three races before the end of the season Broc announced that he separated ways with Echo CRS Honda, and he joined the Motocard Kawasaki team, as the replacement of the injured Joan Lascorz.
Move to MotoGP.
In December 2013, it was announced that Parkes would be riding for Paul Bird Motorsport alongside Michael Laverty for the 2014 MotoGP season. He effectively replaced his countryman Damian Cudlin and continued a 31 year streak of Australia's representation in the premier class of motorcycle racing.

</doc>
<doc id="19761365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761365" title="Château de Lussac (Lussac Saint-Emilion)">
Château de Lussac (Lussac Saint-Emilion)

Château de Lussac (Lussac-Saint Emilion) is a 30-hectare vineyard located in the village of Lussac, Gironde, in the Lussac-Saint-Emilion Bordeaux's wine appellation. This appellation is one of the so-called satellite appellations of Saint-Émilion.
In the heart of the village, Château de Lussac is easily visible by its distinctive architecture. The main building was built in 1876 by Gascon Montouroy. This vintner and vine grower transmitted the property to his son-in-law, Marquis de Sercey. The property remained in this family until the 1980s when Mr. Olivier Roussel repurchased it and produced wines for about 15 years. 
In 2000, Griet and Hervé Laviale took over the property. They're also the owners of Château Franc Mayne. 
The of average 30 years old vines are planted on the limestone plateau, naturally well drained and exposed. There are 77% Merlot and 23% Cabernet Franc in the vineyards.
The wines.
First wine: Château de Lussac 
Second wine: Le Libertin de Lussac

</doc>
<doc id="19761372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761372" title="Bloomberg TV India">
Bloomberg TV India

Bloomberg TV India (formerly Bloomberg UTV and UTVi) is a 24-hour English-language business and financial broadcast news outlet in India, owned and operated by Bloomberg L.P.. It was founded by Ronnie Screwvala. The news channel's coverage extends from the latest business news, stock quotes, personal finance solutions and expert opinions on investing and management to industry verticals and beyond. The Channel also plans to connect real time news through multiple platforms like television, web and mobile. Bloomberg UTV has an alliance with Bloomberg and Business Standard for outsourcing content, but this alliance is not applicable to the website utvmoney.com.
Programming.
Presently showing.
Apart from regular news based programs, the channel also provides feature-based and current programs like "ABC of US Elections", "Million Dollar Idea", "Cracking Careers" and "Real Estate". Bloomberg UTV has lined up four reality shows aimed at business audiences and unveiled its first show, "The Pitch".
"The Pitch".
"The Pitch" offers up to ₹50 million as funding (against equity) in a show that will turn real for entrepreneurs. Bollywood actor Boman Irani will host the show. "The Pitch" will see Kishore Biyani, Rahul Bajaj and Naina Lal Kidwai design and assign business tasks for the contestants on the show.
Rebranding.
In mid-2012, the channel was rebranded from Bloomberg UTV to Bloomberg TV India to reflect the change in ownership. The rebranding exercise also brought with it tighter integration with the international sibling Bloomberg Television.

</doc>
<doc id="19761374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761374" title="Florentin">
Florentin

Florentin or Florentín (from Latin "Florentinus") can be a given name or surname. It is found as a given name among Romanians and Spanish speakers. The latter also use it as a surname.

</doc>
<doc id="19761382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761382" title="George Chisholm (athlete)">
George Chisholm (athlete)

George Alpin Chisholm (December 2, 1887 – ??) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Attleboro, Massachusetts.
In 1912 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 110 metre hurdles competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19761384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761384" title="Blue Diamond Affair">
Blue Diamond Affair

The Blue Diamond Affair was a series of events triggered by the 1989 theft of gems belonging to the Saudi royal family by a Thai employee. The affair has soured relations between Saudi Arabia and Thailand for more than 20 years.
Theft and recovery.
In 1989, Kriangkrai Techamong, a Thai worker, stole jewelry and other valuable gems from the palace of Prince Faisal bin Fahd where he was employed as a janitor. Kriangkrai had access to the princess's bedroom and managed to hide the stolen jewelry in a vacuum cleaner bag at the palace. The haul included a valuable blue diamond and other gems, which Kriangkrai shipped back to his home in Lampang province, Thailand.
An investigation launched by a team from the Royal Thai Police spearheaded by Lieutenant-General Chalor Kerdthes led to the arrest of Kriangkrai and recovery of most of the stolen jewelry. Kriangkai was sentenced to seven years in prison, but he was released after three years after confessing to the crime.
When a team of Royal Thai policemen under Lieutenant-General Chalor Kerdthes flew to Saudi Arabia to return the stolen jewelry the Saudi Arabian authorities found that about half of the returned jewels were fake and the Blue Diamond was missing. 
Mohammad al-Ruwaili, a Saudi Arabian businessman close to the Saudi royal family travelled to Bangkok to investigate the case, but was abducted and killed. Three months later, three officials from the Saudi Embassy were also shot dead in Bangkok. The murders remain unsolved.
Lieutenant-General Chalor himself was convicted of ordering the murder of the wife and son of a gem dealer involved in the affair in 1995, and sentenced to death. The supreme court upheld the ruling and sentenced Lieutenant-General Chalor to death on October 16, 2009. Six other officers were also found guilty of involvement in the murders. Chalor's sentence has since been reduced to fifty years by King Bhumibol Adulyadej on the occasion of his 84th birthday anniversary.
Diplomatic repercussions.
Saudi Arabia stopped issuing working visas for Thais and discouraged its citizens from visiting Bangkok. Diplomatic missions were downgraded to chargé d'affaires level. The number of Thai workers in Saudi Arabia fell from over 150,000 in 1989 to 10,000 in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19761391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761391" title="1930 Star Riders' Championship">
1930 Star Riders' Championship

The 1930 Star Riders' Championship was decided on a knockout basis over eight heats.
Final.
Heat Details.
Heat 1 : Arthur, Taylor, Stevenson (Fell)
Heat 2 : Taft, Frogley (Fell), Jackson (Fell)
Heat 3 : Huxley, Watson, Kempster
Heat 4 : Ormston, Burton (Ret), Farndon (Ret)
Semi-final 1 : Arthur, Taylor, Taft
Semi-final 2 : Huxley, Ormston, Watson
Final (1st leg): Huxley, Arthur
Final (2nd leg): Huxley, Arthur 

</doc>
<doc id="19761395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761395" title="Queens of the Stone Age contributors">
Queens of the Stone Age contributors

Queens of the Stone Age (also known as QOTSA or simply Queens) are a rock band from Palm Desert, California, United States, formed in 1997. The band frequently changes its line-up, and its records often include guest appearances. The only permanent member of the band is founder Josh Homme, with guitarist Troy Van Leeuwen having been a member since the release of the band's third studio album, "Songs for the Deaf", in 2002. Bassist Michael Shuman and keyboardist and guitarist Dean Fertita both joined the band in 2007 to tour in support of its fifth studio album, "Era Vulgaris" (2007). In 2013, Queens of the Stone Age added drummer Jon Theodore during the recording of the album "...Like Clockwork" (2013).
Core members.
Current line-up.
The band's current core line-up is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19761413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761413" title="Edwin Pritchard">
Edwin Pritchard

Edwin M. Pritchard (May 17, 1889 – April 3, 1976) was an American track and field athlete and a member of the Irish American Athletic Club who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey and died in Wheaton, Illinois.
In 1912 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 110 metre hurdles competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19761457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761457" title="Peroxysulfuric acid">
Peroxysulfuric acid

Peroxysulfuric acid can refer to either of these chemical compounds:

</doc>
<doc id="19761458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761458" title="James Madison High School (California)">
James Madison High School (California)

"For schools with a similar name, see Madison High School (disambiguation)."
James Madison High School is a public high school in San Diego, California. It is part of the San Diego Unified School District. Madison's campus opened in 1962. Serving 1,500 students in grades 9-12, it is located in the Clairemont Mesa neighborhood, north of Interstate 8 and west of Interstate 805.
Sports.
The Warhawks were Central League Champions for football in 2005, 2007, and 2008. They went to the C.I.F Finals in 2008 against defending champion Valley Center, led by head coach Rick Jackson. In 2010, Madison High School won their first C.I.F title against Valley Center.
Two years later, the football program won their second C.I.F. San Diego championship in 2012. The team was invited to and won the 2012 California Division 3 State Championship Bowl game.
The baseball facility is named after longtime coach Bob Roeder.

</doc>
<doc id="19761473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761473" title="The Speedometors">
The Speedometors

The Speedometors or Speed-O-Metors are a New Wave punk band from London. They were formed in 1976 in Shepherd's Bush by Martin Finlay, Robbie Watson and Lol Gellor (previously of the West London band Rough Diamonds) and joined shortly thereafter by Ian "Toose" Taylor, later of the Mike Batt-produced group Houdini.
The Speedometors attracted the attention of the independent record label Mascot Records, and the release of the single "Disgrace"/"Work" put the band on the UK Indie Chart. Drummer Gellor decided to leave the band to become a record producer and commenced by working on Desmond Dekker's album "Black and Dekker". Steve Parry (ex-Radio Stars) replaced Gellor.
Meanwhile, the "Disgrace" single came to the attention of the producer Miki Dallon, who presented the disc to industry representatives at the Midem Song Festival, resulting in the band being signed by the Acrobat/Arista label. The signing resulted in the release of the "Day in the Lights" album.
During the recording of the LP, Parry left the band, and was replaced by Paul Spencer (ex-Magazine). As a result of the LP sessions, the band added Lee Dallon on keyboards and Chris Gent on saxophone for live appearances.
Their next single, "Tonight Tonight", received airplay on BBC Radio 1 and a BBC recording session followed. The band continued to tour the UK with Sham 69 and Ultravox (then featuring John Foxx as singer and frontman). Club shows included a residency at the Marquee Club in Wardour Street, London, coupled with two appearances at the Reading Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19761488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761488" title="Show Out (Unk song)">
Show Out (Unk song)

"Show Out" is the first single from rapper Unk's second album, "2econd Season". It is produced by DJ Montay.
Music video.
Cameo appearances are made by V.I.C., Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, Arab, JBar, Chilli of TLC and her son Tron. The video was shot at a movie theater in Atlanta, Georgia.
Remixes.
On November 26, an official remix was released. It features Unk, Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, Sean Kingston, Jim Jones and E-40. Jim Jones has appeared on the remixes to "Walk It Out" and "2 Step," the latter of which E-40 was also featured on. It is also available on DJ Envy's mixtape, "Codeine Overdose 2"

</doc>
<doc id="19761539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761539" title="Today Is the Day (Lincoln Brewster album)">
Today Is the Day (Lincoln Brewster album)

Today Is the Day is the fourth studio album from contemporary Christian musician Lincoln Brewster. It was released on September 23, 2008 and debuted at No. 56 on the "Billboard" 200. Lincoln has embedded many personal connections into the audio on this record, the foremost of which is his son's unborn heartbeat, setting the tempo in the first seconds of "The Power of Your Name".
Release.
The song "Today is the Day" marked the first all-new studio single released by Brewster since 2002, in his album "Amazed". "Christianity Today"'s Russ Breimeier attributed this six-year hiatus in new material to Brewster's new family and to his responsibilities as Worship Arts pastor at Bayside Church nearby Sacramento, California. The song's lyrics were written by Paul Baloche, combining the themes of Bible verses Matthew 6 and Psalm 118. The second track, "Everywhere I Go", was written with Glenn Packiam, a member of Desperation Band.
Personnel.
Additional Personnel:
Reception.
"Christianity Today"'s Russ Breimeier stated that "Today Is the Day" and "Everywhere I Go", the first two tracks of the album, were a "welcome return to form, even if the first two songs aren't the strongest way to start." He said that "Today Is the Day" was neither bad nor boring, but felt it was "on par with the average modern worship song." Russmeier compared the familiarity of "Today Is the Day" with the more experimental songs later in the eponymous album, praising Brewster's ability to experiment over his first few songs.
Breimeier noted the similarities in style between Brewster's "The Arms of My Savior" and John Mayer's "Gravity", and between "This Love" and Mayer's "Waiting on the World to Change". He also related the "bluesy gospel-rock" song "Give Him Praise" to Robert Randolph and the Family Band, praising it for its "thrilling and joyful" feel.

</doc>
<doc id="19761546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761546" title="Selecciones Ilustradas">
Selecciones Ilustradas

Selecciones Ilustradas (sometimes known as 'S.I.') is a Spanish art agency founded by Josep Toutain.
Warren Publishing.
Selecciones Ilustradas is probably most well known in America due to its connections with Warren Publishing, where S.I.'s artists drew hundreds of stories between 1971 through 1983. The deal with Warren and S.I. began in 1971 when Toutain met with Warren publisher Jim Warren. S.I.'s artists began appearing in Warren magazines starting in Vampirella 11 in May 1971. By 1973 S.I. artists provided the majority of the covers and interior stories in Warren's magazines, a dominance that continued until the late 1970s. S.I. artists also contributed to Warren rival Skywald throughout the early to mid-1970s.
Artists.
Artists associated with Selecciones Ilustradas include:
In fiction.
The cartoonist Carlos Giménez wrote a fictionalized account on his stint at the studios in his series "Los Profesionales", where a thinly veiled depiction of the studio was given the name "Creaciones Ilustradas".

</doc>
<doc id="19761548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761548" title="Fei Comodo">
Fei Comodo

Fei Comodo were a 5-piece post-hardcore band from Essex, United Kingdom. They were signed to Small Town Records and developed a strong fanbase since their formation through playing many live shows across the country. They released five EPs, two singles, and one studio mini album. Renowned for an energetic live show the band completed several UK tours with other hardcore and metalcore bands from the South East, such as InMe and Bury Tomorrow.
On 3 May 2012, the band announced they would be disbanding following the release of "Behind the Bright Lights" and subsequent tour.
History.
Formation and early years.
Fei Comodo formed in May 2003 with an original line-up consisting of Marc Halls (vocals and guitar), Will Phillipson (guitar), Phil Walker (bass) and Richard Duvale (drums). After a series of line up changes, they finally recruited their current line up with Mike Curtis (guitar) being added and bass being inherited by Jay Styler and drums by Rob Clemson. 
During this period, the band released four EPs, "Fei Comodo", "One Man Stands Alive", "This One's for Us" and "Go, Go! Emo Rangers". One of their first gigs was at the infamous 'Whoopfest' event in the New Windmill Hall in Upminster. In September 2007, Fei Comodo toured as support for fellow Essex band InMe.
"They All Have Two Faces" (2008-2011).
In September 2008, they released a mini-album titled "They All Have Two Faces". Following that the band supported Blessed by a Broken Heart in December 2008 and embarked on a headline tour in February/March 2009 in order to promote the mini-album.
In 2009, the band landed a spot playing in the on the third stage in the Red Bull tent at Download Festival and in October, Fei Comodo played Freestyle Festival as one of the headlining bands on the main stage alongside CKY. The band were nominated for 'Best British Newcomer' at the Kerrang! Awards 2009. In 2010, Fei Comodo performed at Sonisphere.
"The Life They Lead" (2011-2012).
In May 2011, the band released a new 4-track EP, "The Life They Lead". In support of this release, Fei Comodo supported Exit Ten on their UK tour.
"Behind the Bright Lights" (2012).
The release of "Behind the Bright Lights", the band's debut full-length album, was initially scheduled for May 2012. However, on 3 May 2012, the band announced that they would be splitting up and the album release date would be postponed until July 2012. The band had been running a project on PledgeMusic which allowed fans to purchase a special edition of "Behind the Bright Lights". This project was extended after the announcement of the band's split. Two singles were released from the album, namely "The Air Is Cold Tonight" and "A Different World", and music videos were recorded for both of these tracks.
Fei Comodo played their final shows after the release of the album in the summer of 2012, supported by Paige, Evarose and I Divide.
Hey Vanity.
After the breakup of the band, Marc Halls, Will Phillipson and Ash Clarke formed a new band along with bassist Tom Pullen.
In media.
Fei Comodo are most commonly cited for providing the theme tune for the popular MTV UK show, "Mighty Moshin' Emo Rangers".

</doc>
<doc id="19761550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761550" title="1931 Star Riders' Championship">
1931 Star Riders' Championship

The 1931 Star Riders' Championship was decided on a knockout basis over nine heats.
Final.
Heat details.
Heat 1 : Watson, Tauser, Shepherd, Bishop
Heat 2 : Parker, Rickman, Jackson, Stewart
Heat 3 : Warwick, Edmonds (Fell), Hastings (Fell), Wilkinson (Ret)
Heat 4 : Croombs, Huxley, Kendrick, Strecker
Heat 5 : Arthur, Spinks, Patrick, Johnson
Semi-final 1 : Huxley, Rickman, Watson
Semi-final 2 : Tauser, Arthur
Semi-final 3 : Parker, Croombs
Final : Tauser, Huxley, Croombs, Parker (Exc) 

</doc>
<doc id="19761569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761569" title="Wildlife inspector">
Wildlife inspector

A wildlife inspector is a person empowered by law to protect wildlife.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, a wildlife inspector is a person authorised in writing by the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs under S19ZA of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981. An authorisation can be subject to any conditions or limitations specified in it.
Powers of entry.
A wildlife inspector may, at any reasonable time and (if required to do so) upon producing evidence that he is authorised:
But in the case of the sections marked †, an inspector cannot enter a dwelling except for purposes connected with:
Other powers.
A wildlife inspector may, for the purpose of ascertaining whether an offence under section 6, 7, section 9(5), 13(2) or section 14 is being, or has been, committed in respect of any specimen, require any person who has the specimen in his possession or control to make it available for examination by the inspector.
Any person who has in his possession or control any live bird or other animal shall give any wildlife inspector acting in the exercise of powers conferred by this section such assistance as the inspector may reasonably require for the purpose of examining the bird or other animal. It is an offence to fail without reasonable excuse to give any assistance reasonably required.
Any person who intentionally obstructs a wildlife inspector acting in the exercise of powers of entry examination shall be guilty of an offence. Any person who, with intent to deceive, falsely pretends to be a wildlife inspector shall be guilty of an offence.
United States.
In the US, a wildlife inspector is a person employed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service in the defense against the illegal wildlife trade by ensuring that wildlife shipments comply with US and international wildlife protection laws. 
Stationed at major international airports, ocean ports, and border crossings, wildlife inspectors monitor an annual trade worth more than $2.8 billion. They stop illegal shipments, intercept smuggled wildlife and wildlife products, and help the US fulfill its commitment to global wildlife conservation.
Laws Enforced.
Locations.
By law, most commercial wildlife shipments come through 17 'designated ports' - Anchorage, Alaska; Atlanta, Georgia; Baltimore, Maryland; Boston, Massachusetts; Chicago, Illinois; Dallas, Texas; Honolulu, Hawaii; Houston, Texas; Los Angeles, California; Louisville, Kentucky; Memphis, Tennessee; Miami, Florida; New Orleans, Louisiana; New York, New York/Newark, New Jersey; Portland, Oregon; San Francisco, California; and Seattle, Washington. The Service operates wildlife inspection offices in these cities. Wildlife inspectors also staff 14 locations along the Mexican and Canadian borders and five additional ports that handle specific types of wildlife traffic. 
A Senior Wildlife Inspector is stationed at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) in Glynco, GA and coordinates training for Service Wildlife Inspector and Special Agents, Customs officers and other International, Federal, State and Local law enforcement agencies that deal with the import/ export of wildlife.
The job.
The US is one of the world's largest markets for wildlife and wildlife products. High-volume 'live' traffic includes exotic reptiles, tropical fish, and primates. Manufactured products (such as boots, shoes, purses, jewelry, caviar, and meats) and less 'processed' wildlife items (such as hunting trophies, feathers, furs, skins, raw coral, and shells) are also common. Wildlife inspectors enforce a range of US and international laws, regulations, and treaties that protect wildlife and limit commercial traffic in endangered animals and plants.
Wildlife inspectors clear legal imports and exports and seize shipments that violate the law. They make sure that wildlife imports and exports are accompanied by the required permits and licenses, and verify that the contents of shipments match the items listed on declaration forms. They pay special attention to live wildlife, checking to see that animals in transit are treated humanely.
Although wildlife inspectors spend most of their time processing commercial cargo shipments, they also keep tabs on international passenger traffic. Unwary travelers all too often return from abroad with illegal wildlife souvenirs. Many smuggling rings use human couriers; inspectors find protected animals hidden in clothing and stuffed in suitcases and handbags.
Wildlife inspectors work closely with Service Special Agents and counterparts from Customs and Border Protection and other Federal agencies that police international trade. They staff special enforcement task forces that conduct inspection blitzes at international mail processing facilities, or target specific enforcement problems, such as the import and sale of medicinal products made from endangered species.
Outreach is also an important part of the job. Wildlife inspectors meet with customs brokers, trade associations, international travelers, and hunters going abroad to explain wildlife import/export rules and regulations. They are popular guest speakers at schools, nature centers, community conservation programs, and environmental fairs. 
Inspectors provided international training to our Canadian and Mexican counterparts, and have travel internationally to countries such as Nepal, China, Italy, Mongolian and Botswana to provide training to other wildlife law enforcement agencies in those countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19761582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761582" title="Archduke Franz Salvator of Austria">
Archduke Franz Salvator of Austria

Archduke Franz Salvator of Austria, in Italian Francesco Salvatore Maria Giuseppe Ferdinando Carlo Leopoldo Antonio di Padova Giovanni Battista Gennaro Lodovico Gonzaga Raniero Benedetto Bernardo, in German Franz Salvator Maria Joseph Ferdinand Karl Leopold Anton von Padua Johann Baptist Januarius Aloys Gonzaga Rainer Benedikt Bernhard (Altmünster, 21 August 1866 – Vienna, 20 April 1939), was a member of the Tuscan branch of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
Early life and career.
He was an Austrian Archduke, a son of Archduke Karl Salvator, Prince of Tuscany and second wife Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two-Sicilies. He was a Cavalry General of the Imperial (k.u.k.) Austro-Hungarian Army, a Doctor in Medicine from the University of Innsbruck, and a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
Family and children.
He married firstly in Ischl on 31 July 1890 Archduchess Marie Valerie of Austria (Ofen, 22 April 1868 - Schloss Wallsee, 6 September 1924), daughter of Franz Joseph I of Austria and wife Elisabeth in Bavaria.
Their children were:
He married secondly morganatically in Vienna on 28 April 1934 to Melanie Freiin von Riesenfels (Seisenegg, Lower Austria, 20 September 1898 - Amstetten, 10 November 1984), without issue.
Franz Salvator also had an illegitimate son by Princess Stephanie von Hohenlohe:

</doc>
<doc id="19761590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761590" title="Ashington railway station">
Ashington railway station

Ashington railway station was a station serving the town of Ashington in Northumberland, Northern England. It was on the branch to Newbiggin-by-the-Sea.
British Railways closed the station in 1964, but it has been the object of a reopening campaign since at least the 1990s.
History.
Ashington station was opened by the Blyth and Tyne Railway in 1872 as Hirst (for Ashington).The North Eastern Railway took over the Blyth and Tyne Railway in 1874, the NER became part of the London and North Eastern Railway in the 1923 grouping and the station passed to the North Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. British Railways withdrew passenger services in 1964 as part of "The Reshaping of British Railways".
The site today.
The line through the former station is still used for freight. Ashington signal box was closed on 14 February 2010 with the removal of the main line crossover. The signal box was demolished over the weekend of 10–11 August 2013.
Reopening proposals.
By the 1990s local councils were considering the feasibility of restoring passenger services linking Ashington and Blyth with . The proposal would not include serving Blyth not by reopening the branch to Blyth, but by building a new station at . In 1998 the Railway Development Society (renamed Railfuture in 2000) endorsed the proposal.
Denis Murphy, the Labour MP for Wansbeck, expressed support in the House of Commons in an adjournment debate in April 1999 and again in a debate in January 2007.
In 2009 the Association of Train Operating Companies published a £34 million proposal to restore passenger services from to Ashington.

</doc>
<doc id="19761617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761617" title="Permanent interest bearing shares">
Permanent interest bearing shares

In finance, permanent interest bearing shares, or PIBS, are fixed-interest securities issued by building societies. PIBS become perpetual subordinated bonds if their issuer demutualises. Building societies use them in the way public limited companies use preference shares. Although similar to bonds, PIBS typically exist as long as their issuer does.
Many PIBS were originally issued in an era of higher interest rates, and so appear attractive to investors looking for income in a world of lower interest rates. However, there are some disadvantages to PIBS; unlike bonds they have no fixed redemption date, so the buyer is at the mercy of the markets when they want to sell. Also, PIBS are not covered by UK government compensation schemes, interest does not 'roll up' - if a payment is missed, it is gone for good - and they rank behind depositors and other members in the event of financial distress.
PIBS have a call date at which the building society (not the investor) has the option to cancel the share and repay the face value to the holder. This may be attractive to the society if, for example, the rate being paid on PIBS is well above current market interest rates. 
The Basel III rules are expected to phase out PIBS' inclusion in Tier 1 regulatory capital, meaning that building societies will be looking to replace PIBS as the opportunity arises. A replacement instrument has been created as Core Capital Deferred Shares.

</doc>
<doc id="19761638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761638" title="Don McKay (film)">
Don McKay (film)

Don McKay is a 2009 independent drama thriller film written and directed by Jake Goldberger and starring Thomas Haden Church and Elisabeth Shue. It premiered at the 8th Annual Tribeca Film Festival in April 2009 and received a limited release on April 2, 2010.
Plot.
Don McKay (Thomas Haden Church) is a lonely high school janitor who one day receives a letter from his high school sweetheart, Sonny (Elisabeth Shue). In it, she asks him to come visit her back in their home town, because she is dying of an unnamed disease. At first he is reluctant because he had been a suspect in a murder case there years before, but Don decides to go. He arrives and gets a ride to Sonny's house by an eccentric cab driver named Samuel (M. Emmet Walsh).
Don meets Sonny, as well as her strange caregiver Marie (Melissa Leo). Marie's coldness towards Don makes it clear that she doesn't approve of his presence. Don spends the night, and he and Sonny make love. The next morning, Sonny's Doctor, Lance Pryce (James Rebhorn) visits. While Marie and Sonny are out, Pryce attacks Don, and after a struggle, Don kills the man, and hides the body in a bed of leaves behind the garden. However, Don had just suffered an allergic reaction to a bee sting, and blacks out shortly after hiding the body. He awakens in the hospital, where Sonny proposes marriage and claims that she had recently spoken to Pryce. 
Don goes to see his old friend Otis (Keith David), and tells him what happened. Otis agrees to help Don get rid of the body that night, but when he arrives it has vanished. Sonny rushes out, thinking the men are burglars, and Otis runs off. After an argument, Don returns home for a few days, eventually getting another letter from Sonny asking him to come back to her. He does.
Samuel picks Don up again, but they are intercepted and kidnapped by a man named Mel (Pruitt Taylor Vince). Mel takes Don to a hotel room, where it's revealed that both Mel and Marie were planning all along to kill Don and take an inheritance Don would receive upon Don's marriage. Don tries to reason with the two stating that there is no inheritance, and that he has no idea what they are talking about. Marie refuses to believe him and tells him to go along with the plan, or they will go to the police about the death of Pryce. With Samuel in Mel's trunk, the four drive back to Sonny's house, and demand that Don go in wearing a wire, threatening to go to the police if he doesn't cooperate with their plan.
Upon arriving at the house, Don hastily proposes to Sonny, stating that he was confused before, but realizes now that he loves her. Sonny quickly peels away Don's story, realizes he is wearing a recording device, and calls his bluff. The doorbell rings; It's Marie and Mel, who enter the house. After a long confrontation, Sonny hits Marie over the head with a frozen ham, and kills her. Sonny then grabs the phone and calls 911 for help, stating that a man pretending to be a private detective just killed someone in her house. 
She tells Don to kill Mel, and Don refuses. She grabs an ax and again asks him to kill Mel, but he refuses. Sonny then asks Mel to kill Don, and a struggle over the ax ensues between the men. Sonny kills Mel with the same frozen ham she killed Marie with, and tries to concoct a story to cover all of it. She tells Don that she'd been planning all along to take a large inheritance from Pryce, not Don, that he had received from a relative. It's also revealed that Pryce was her husband, and that the two were going to kill him together, but Pryce jumped the gun on the scam. Don then tells her that he knows that she wasn't actually Sonny, as he had killed his girlfriend in an accident before leaving town years ago, but gotten away with it.
The police arrive and Sonny lets them into the house. They find the bodies of Marie and Mel, and immediately arrest Don. Sonny is taken away in a police car, and the police start to take Don away. The sound of screaming starts to erupt from Mel's trunk. The police find Samuel and question Don about Samuel's involvement. Don asks Samuel to explain his knowledge of the situation to the police. In the ensuing investigation, Samuel backs up Don's story, and it seems that he will be okay. The detective in charge asks him why he would go through all of it if he knew that it wasn't Sonny, and Don answers that he was "lonely". 
Don receives a ride to the bus station from Samuel, who tells him to contact him if he ever needs anything. Don takes Samuel's phone number and boards the bus back home. At home, Don is seen sitting in a chair, a wasp lands on his cheek and the movie ends, leaving Don's fate unknown.
Production.
Filming took place north of Boston in Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19761657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761657" title="De La Salle Institute (Manhattan)">
De La Salle Institute (Manhattan)

The De La Salle Institute was a Catholic Church school for boys which operated in Manhattan in New York City beginning in the 19th century. From 1902 it was located at 106 West 59th Street, running through to 107 West 58th Street. It fronted 59th Street for and faced Central Park. It had a depth of 200 feet, with on West 58th Street, and west on Sixth Avenue. In August 1912 the De La Salle Institute adjoined the German Club on West 59th Street and the Hotel Savilla on West 58th Street.
Location changes.
The property was purchased in February 1921 by a syndicate, incorporated as the Copley Hotel Studios, with plans to build an upscale co-operative apartment house on the Central Park South location. The new building was to be twenty stories high and designed by architect Charles W. Buckham. The apartment corporation was headed by Charles K. Eagle, of the silk firm of J.H. and C.K. Eagle. Eagle owned a twelve-story loft
structure on the southeast corner of Fourth Avenue and 21st Street.
In July 1922 the De La Salle Institute relocated to a four-story building at 19 West 75th Street, which cost $45,000. The house stood on a lot measuring . It was located between Central Park West and Columbus Avenue.
The boys' school purchased the Veltin School for Girls property in August 1924. It was a modern fireproof school structure at 160 and 162 West 74th Street. It ran through to 163 and 165 West 73rd Street.

</doc>
<doc id="19761665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761665" title="Monachoides">
Monachoides

Monachoides is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
Some species of snails in this genus create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.
Species.
Species within the genus "Monachoides" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19761678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761678" title="Cantor-teacher Ruzsics">
Cantor-teacher Ruzsics

Cantor-teacher Ruzsics (Prekmurian: "Kantor-školnik Ružič," Slovene: "Kantor-učitelj Ružič") was a Hungarian Slovene elementary school teacher, cantor and poet in the 18th century. He lived and worked in village of Felsőszölnök, Hungary. His first name and ethnicity is unknown. The last names "Ruzsics" and "Rüsics" occur in Felsőszölnök today, but this doesn't prove that his ancestors were Slovenians, he was most probably of Croatian descent.
He wrote his Slovenian-language hymnal in 1789, the book consists of liturgic songs in the Prekmurian dialect. It was later copied and distributed by Mihály Bertalanits and Ferenc Marics.

</doc>
<doc id="19761694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761694" title="Fred Andrews (baseball)">
Fred Andrews (baseball)

Fred Andrews (born May 4, 1952) is a former professional baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, 1976 and 1977, for the Philadelphia Phillies, primarily as a second baseman.

</doc>
<doc id="19761702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761702" title="Georgi Naydenov (footballer)">
Georgi Naydenov (footballer)

Georgi Spirov Naydenov () (21 December 1931 – 28 May 1970) is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper and former manager. He is considered the greatest Bulgarian goalkeeper for all time. Between 1955 and 1965 he played in 176 matches for CSKA Sofia. He was honoured as Bulgarian Footballer of the Year in 1961. Naydenov won the top Bulgarian league, the A PFG, a 8 times (all with CSKA), as well as the Bulgarian Cup, 3 times (all with CSKA). He was respected for his incredible work ethic and his determination during training and matches alike.
International career.
For the Bulgaria national football team Naydenov featured in 51 games and won a bronze medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He played for his country at the 1962 and 1966 World Cups. Even after he had retired from competing he still remained one of the fittest players in Bulgaria and this made his death all the more mysterious. He Died in Damascus, Syria and initial reports claimed he had suffered a heart attack although members of his family and people close to him suspected he had been poisoned by a Bulgarian interior minister whom he had recently had an argument with regarding the joining of teams Levski Sofia and Spartak Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="19761716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761716" title="FIS Cup (ski jumping)">
FIS Cup (ski jumping)

The FIS Cup is a series of ski jumping competitions arranged yearly by the International Ski Federation. It is 
considered the third level of international ski jumping, ranking below the FIS Ski Jumping World Cup and the FIS Ski Jumping Continental Cup. Most of the events are held on normal hills, with a construction point of 90 meters.
Jumpers rarely compete the entire season in the FIS Cup. If a jumper performs well in the FIS Cup, he is often moved up to the Continental Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19761730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761730" title="Raven Forward Air Controllers">
Raven Forward Air Controllers

The Raven Forward Air Controllers, also known as The Ravens, were fighter pilots used for forward air control in a covert operation in conjunction with the Central Intelligence Agency of the United States in Laos during America's Vietnam War. The Ravens provided direction for most of the air strikes against communist Pathet Lao targets and People's Army of Vietnam's infiltrators in support of the Laotian Hmong guerrilla army.
Background.
On 23 July 1962, the United States and the Democratic Republic of Vietnam signed the Geneva Accords guaranteeing the neutrality of the Kingdom of Laos. One of the provisions of the Accords called for the withdrawal of all foreign troops from Laotian soil. North Vietnam had troops still remaining in Laos from the end of the French Indochina War. The United States had a small number of advisors, which it withdrew from the country.
The North Vietnamese deliberately ignored the Accords because they were intent on keeping their supply corridor, the Ho Chi Minh Trail, to continue their war against South Vietnam. North Vietnam's representatives repeatedly stated they had "no military presence in Laos", even though they had 4,000 troops stationed there from the end of the First Indochina War onwards.
Prince Souvanna Phouma, the Prime Minister of Laos, asked for American help to counteract the North Vietnamese. To avoid the appearance of unilaterally violating the Accords, U. S. President John F. Kennedy directed the United States Air Force to perform covert operations in Laos to help the Lao fight the North Vietnamese communists.
USAF covert operations.
See also Laotian Civil War
As tactical air strikes began to be used in Laos, it became apparent that for the safety of noncombatants, some means of control was necessary. Beginning at least as early as July 1964, the absence of a close air support control system caused a variety of enterprising individuals to improvise procedures for marking bombing targets. At various times, ground markers (including bamboo arrows) and dropped smoke grenades were used. While some of these individuals had military training, such as the American Army Attaché, others had little or no specialized training in close air support. They varied in nationality, being Thai, Lao, or Hmong, as well as American. Both Continental Air Services, Inc and Air America pilots would sometimes serve as ad hoc forward air controllers.
Butterflies.
The U. S. Air Force originally forwarded four sergeants from Combat Control Teams in 1963. These sergeants turned in their uniforms and military identification and were supplied with false identification so they could work in civilian clothing. This process was designed to preserve the fiction of American non-involvement dubbed plausible deniability. Once "civilianized", the Butterflies flew in the right (co-pilot's) seat in Air America Helio Couriers and Pilatus Porters. They were often accompanied by a Lao or Thai interpreter in the back seat. The Air Commando sergeants directed the air strikes according to U. S. Air Force doctrine, using the radio call sign Butterfly.
Three of the Butterfly Air Force combat controllers were Master Sergeant Charlie Jones, soon joined by Technical Sergeant James J. Stanford. Another of the Butterflies was Major John J. Garrity, Jr., who in future would spend several years as the "éminence grise" of the American Embassy to Laos. They, and their successors, ran air strikes without notice or objection until General William Momyer discovered that enlisted men were in charge of air strikes; at that point, he ordered their replacement with rated fighter pilots. By that time, the number of Butterflies had escalated to three pairs. Both the impromptu strike controlling and the Butterfly effort ended with General Momyer's tirade in April 1967.
Development of rules of engagement by the Embassy also threw more reliance on increased control over the in-country close air support. So did the introduction of an integrated close air support system for Southeast Asia in April 1966.
Ravens.
A successor operation, code-named Palace Dog, replaced this original Butterfly effort in 1966. Palace Dog consisted of Project 404 and Raven FACs. The Ravens were airborne fighter pilots in unarmed light aircraft who flew observation missions, marked enemy targets with smoke rockets, directed air strikes onto them, and observed and reported bomb damage assessment post strike.
Recruiting for the Ravens began when Air Force personnel checked into their original assignments in Vietnam. Forward air controllers, beginning a tour in SouthEast Asia, were told as part of their orientation briefing that halfway through their year's tour of duty in Vietnam, they were eligible to volunteer for special duty via the Steve Canyon Program. To be accepted for Steve Canyon, a pilot had to have a minimum of four months combat duty, including at least 60 days service as a FAC, at least 100 hours flight time as a fighter pilot and/or FAC, at least 750 hours flying time overall, and six months or more time remaining on his tour in SEA. Those who did volunteer via this program did so with no knowledge of their destination. After screening by the 56th Special Operations Wing at Nakhon Phanom RTAFB, they received temporary duty orders, and were forwarded to the American Embassy, Vientiane, Laos. There they were stripped of all military identification and gear, supplied with U.S. Aid identification, and changed into civilian clothing to be worn for their entire tour of duty. The screening system tended to select experienced Forward Air Controllers who were the most aggressive available pilots for directing close air support, as well the least amenable to being restricted by regulation.
The Ravens belonged only tangentially to the U. S. Air Force. They performed their duties under direction of the Air Attaché; the Air Attaché in turn reported to the Ambassador. The Air Force kept the Ravens' records and paid them, but had no operational control over them, although they formed 7/13th Air Force in an attempt to regain control of their pilots. However, Ambassador William Sullivan, and his successor, G. McMurtrie Godley, continued to oversee air strikes in Laos. The situation was one that offended the Air Force; in many cases, the individual Raven received poor ratings and suffered retarded promotions because of his participation in the program.
Operational history.
In November 1964, Roy Dalton was the first rated officer to augment the Butterflies. He was stationed at LS 36, Na Khang, Laos; he directed air strikes by the Royal Lao Air Force while riding in Air America helicopters, or from observation posts on mountaintops.
The Raven program was officially founded on 5 May 1966. It began with two pilots on 90 days temporary duty, working out of aircraft borrowed from Air America. Lieutenants Jim F. Lemon and Truman Young had been directing air strikes on either side of the DMZ dividing Vietnam. Upon their return to Nakhon Phanom Royal Thai Air Force Base, they were told that minor disciplinary sins of unauthorized aerobatics and furniture destruction at a party would be excused if they volunteered for a secret program—which, of course, was the Ravens. Joined by a third Raven, they began 90 day TDY tours flying support for the Royal Lao Army.
In December, 1966, they acquired the use of an O-1 Bird Dog assigned to the Royal Lao Air Force at Savannakhet; unlike the borrowed Air America planes, the O-1 had additional radios and smoke rocket tubes for improved communications and target marking. A de Havilland Canada DHC-2 Beaver and a Helio Courier were also acquired, but seemed not to be used for directing air strikes.
By August 1967, the three Raven FACs on duty in Laos were augmented by three more Ravens stationed with Detachment 1, 606th Air Commando Squadron at Nakhon Phanom; this trio commuted to the war. At about the same time, the Air Attaché in Vientiane requested O-1 unmarked by national insignia be supplied by 7/13th Air Force, on the grounds that the Ravens needed their own airplanes instead of riding with civilian pilots. The O-1s were supplied. By November, the Raven head count had increased to eight.
Operational hazards.
Both the O-1s and the later-supplied U-17s had severe maintenance problems in the beginning. Maintenance was spotty; it was performed by pilots, poorly trained Lao mechanics, or Air American technicians. The piston engines were tuned for optimum performance at Udorn's low altitude; they would run lean in the highlands of Laos. Adding to the woes were high power settings needed for maximum weight takeoffs, toting maximal loads, or short-field takeoffs; engine life in O-1s fell from 1,800 hours to 400 hours flight time.
Engine failures became epidemic. Eighteen engine failures occurred during the last quarter of 1968. Karl Polifka (call sign Raven 45) reported 26 in a month, apparently February 1969. This led to all the O-1s being cycled through Udorn to have their fuel tanks cleaned out. Some of them had 18 years of crud and mud contaminating the tanks. The tanks were cleaned, and by May 1969, air force mechanics came on board at the ratio of a mechanic per two FAC aircraft. Engine problems dropped drastically after that.
Anti-aircraft fire could be intense and accurate; the Raven's airplanes were known to take up to 50 hits battle damage in a single sortie.
Working as a Raven FAC was an exhausting, high-risk, high-stress job. The casualty rate among them ran about 50% wounded and killed; one calculation by a participating Raven at his end of tour was that 90% of the Raven planes had been hit by ground fire during their tours of duty; 60% had been downed by enemy action at some point; 30% had been killed in action. The roster of 161 Ravens does includes the prior Butterfly FACs, none of whom were KIA, as well as an Army Attaché, who was. Twenty-three of the Air Force Ravens were KIA during the Secret War; Army Attaché Joseph Bush was the 24th.

</doc>
<doc id="19761731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761731" title="1932 Star Riders' Championship">
1932 Star Riders' Championship

The 1932 Star Riders' Championship was decided on a knockout basis over nine heats.
Final.
Heat details.
Heat 1 : Byers, Dook, Arthur
Heat 2 : Case, N Parker (Ret), Johnson (Fell)
Heat 3 : Langton, Wotton, Jackson (Ret)
Heat 4 : Huxley, Spencer, Phillips
Heat 5 : J Parker, Varey, Croombs
Heat 6 : Lees, Farndon, Clibbett
Semi-final 1 : Case, Langton, J Parker 
Semi-final 2 : Huxley, Byers, Lees (Fell)
Final : Langton, Huxley, Case (Fell) 

</doc>
<doc id="19761732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761732" title="Antonio Salim Curiati">
Antonio Salim Curiati

Antônio Salim Curiati (Avaré, 13 February 1928 is a Brazilian medic, and politician. He was Mayor of São Paulo from 13 May 1982 to 14 March 1983.
Early life.
He is the son of Lebanese immigrants. Initially he studied at Scholar Group "Matilde Vieira" in (Avaré but later moved to Sao Paulo and attended the Colégio Arquidiocesano. He later joined the Escola Paulista de Medicina where he could become a specialist in ENT
Political life.
He was state deputy for São Paulo in 1966 for the first time, Federal Deputy from 1987 to 1991 having the opportunity to be part of Assembléia Constituinte which promulgated the Carta Magna of 1988. In 2006 he was elected for his 8th term as State Deputy.
Short Term as Mayor and Secretarial Roles.
He was Mayor of São Paulo from 13 May 1982 to 14 March 1983 and is one of the main characters of PP in São Paulo.
He also served as State Secretary of Social Promotion during Paulo Maluf term as Governor of São Paulo from (1979 to 1982), City Secretary of Family and Social Welfare (1993 to 1994) and City Secretary of Communitary Affairs (1995 to 1998).
References.
http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ant%C3%B4nio_Salim_Curiati

</doc>
<doc id="19761741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761741" title="Tremayne Kirkland">
Tremayne Kirkland

Tremayne Sy Kirkland (born January 26, 1984 in Sacramento, California) is a wide receiver for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. He played college football at Portland State.
Kirkland originally attended UNLV for four years, competing in football only two of those years, redshirt freshman then medical redshirt two years later. He then transferred to Portland State where he played football for two years, after receiving a sixth year of eligibility.
High school career.
Kirkland attended Hiram W. Johnson High School where he was a First-team All-league and All-city quarterback. He rushed for 986 yards and 12 touchdowns while passing for 1,200 and 10 more touchdowns as a senior to help lead the Warriors to a 10-2 record in 2001. He was the first quarterback from his high school to earn All-city. He also lettered three times in basketball, twice in baseball, and ran relays for the track team.
College career.
UNLV.
Kirkland then attended UNLV where he majored in University Studies. In 2002, he redshirted for the season. In 2003, as a redshirt freshman, he played in all 12 games as a kick returner and wide receiver. He returned every UNLV punt of the season and led the Mountain West Conference with an average of 12.6 yards-per-return, which ranked 17th in the nation. His total of 25 returns tied for third-most in school history and broke a freshman record of 11 set by Duane James in 1998. His total of 314 kick return yards ranked third all-time and more than doubled the freshman record of 132 set by James. Kirkland's season-long 75-yard return helped UNLV beat New Mexico. He also recorded three receptions for 13 yards. He also attempted a pass on a trick play against BYU.
In 2004, Kirkland had to use a medical redshirt and miss the entire season after separating his shoulder during preseason camp. He was named preseason First-team All-MWC as a punt returner by "Phil Steele's, College Football News" and "Athlon Sports". He was ranked the #16 returner in the nation by "The Sporting News". In 2005, he returned from his injury and played in eight games, and recorded 28 receptions for 254 yards and one touchdown. He also carried the ball 20 times for 109 yards and completed 3-of-5 passes for 101 yards and one touchdown, along with returning 11 punts for 69 yards.
Portland State.
Then, in 2006, Kirkland transferred from UNLV to Portland State. He also had the possibility of petitioning the NCAA for a sixth year of eligibility due to his having to use a medical redshirt. For the 2006 season, he played in 10 games, recorded 38 receptions for 533 yards, and seven touchdowns. He also carried the ball seven times for 24 yards, and completed 1-of-1 passes for a 42-yard touchdown.
At the end of the 2006 season, Kirkland petitioned the NCAA for an additional year of eligibility to compete in four years of football, since he had only played in three-of-five since he had redshirt his freshman year, and an injury redshirt two years later. On May 23, 2007, he was granted a sixth year of eligibility by the NCAA.
As a sixth-year senior in 2007, Kirkland had one of the best seasons by a receiver in school history. He finished the season with 84 receptions for 1,059 receiving yards and 10 touchdowns in 10 games (missing one due to injury). His 84 receptions rank second in school history for a season. His 1,059 receiving yards rank 10th all-time in school history. It was the first 1,000-yard receiving season for a Viking since 2001. He led the conference and ranked second in the nation in receptions per game with 8.4, and sixth in yards per game with 105.9. He also carried the ball 12 times for 64 yards and a touchdown. He had 1,234 all-purpose yards for an average of 123.4 per game.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
After graduating from Portland State, and completing four years of college athletics, Kirkland declared for the NFL Draft. He was rated, by "NFLDraftScout.com" as the 103rd Wide Receiver out of 334, and was projected to go unselected in the 2008 NFL Draft, and did. He did not receive any offers to attend training camp with any NFL team, either.
af2.
On October 7, 2008 he signed with the Spokane Shock of the af2 football league. However, on February 18 he was traded by the South Georgia Wildcats to the Tri-Cities Fever.
Personal.
Kirkland is the son of Wardell and Wanda Kirkland, as well as a relative of former Los Angeles Ram Defensive end Lamar Lundy.

</doc>
<doc id="19761746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761746" title="Hillsboro Trail">
Hillsboro Trail

The Hillsboro Trail is a rail trail in Shelby County, Alabama. The 12 feet wide trail extends along the former roadbed of the Helena & Blocton branch line of the Birmingham Mineral Railroad, a subsidiary of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad.
Historical rail use.
Around July 1889, the Louisville & Nashville (L&N) Railroad completed a branch line off of the L&N controlled South & North Alabama Railroad from just northwest of Helena, Alabama to Gurnee Junction, Alabama. At Gurnee Junction, the line connected with Southern Railway predecessor Brierfield, Blocton & Birmingham Railway over which L&N had trackage rights, allowing L&N to access the rich mineral resources of the Cahaba Basin, particularly coal. As the mines were exhausted and economic pressures mounted in the mid-1900s, the line was abandoned and the rails removed.
Present trail.
In 2008 the portion of the former rail bed in Helena between Appleford Drive and the operating CSX Lineville Subdivision was turned into an asphalt paved walking trail as part of the Hillsboro housing development. By 2010 the asphalt-paved trail had been extended further west along the former railroad bed to the site of the present Helena Middle School. As part of the extension to the west, the trail passes under Shelby County highway 52 in tunnel measuring approximately 100 feet long, 10 feet high, and 24 feet wide with stone facades.
At the Lineville Subdivision, the Hillsboro Trail turns to the northeast off the former roadbed which continues past the Lineville Subdivision to the CSX S&NA South Subdivision. Visible remnants of the historical use of the right-of-way include a concrete railroad milepost on the west side of the trail and remnants of railroad ties. The trail lies opposite a 19th-century coke oven historic site across a narrow wetland; future restoration of the coke oven site is planned.
The trail runs primarily through new growth forest; the area was extensively mined for coal and timber cleared between the mid-19th and 20th centuries. Since abandonment of the railroad, the forest has been allowed to regrow.

</doc>
<doc id="19761805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761805" title="Eva Arguiñano">
Eva Arguiñano

Eva Arguiñano (born 4 April 1960 in Beasain, Gipuzkoa, Basque Country, Spain) is a chef and television presenter.
She is the sister of Karlos Arguiñano and began working for him in his restaurant and television shows. Since 27 March 2006 she has presented "Hoy cocinas tú" ('You're cooking today') on the Spanish network La Sexta. She has published several cookbooks, mainly about desserts.

</doc>
<doc id="19761820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761820" title="Mubarak Kapdi">
Mubarak Kapdi

Mubarak Kapdi is education activist from Mumbai who has consistently toured interiors for vocational guidance lectures.
About barring burqas in Mumbai schools, told that “Many from the community face discrimination when it comes to admitting their children. It was always there and it’s no news,
Books.
"Rahnuma" is a book in Urdu published by National Educational movement, Dongri, Mumbai. He has collected in this book his weekly columns in "Daily Inquilab" on Muslim education issues. The book figures out the mass education awareness among the Muslim of Maharashtra following the events of 1992.
He has been honoured with several awards by several organisations, prominent among them being ‘Sir Syed Award’ by American

</doc>
<doc id="19761856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761856" title="Kimberley School">
Kimberley School

Kimberley School is a secondary school with academy status located in Kimberley, Nottinghamshire.
International.
. The school has links with another in Burkina. The schools in Burkina Faso, like in England, are free but unfortunately the government cannot afford to deliver this assurance to all the Burkinabé children. Unlike England you are much more likely to receive an education if you are a boy.
BBC School Report.
Some Year 8's from Kimberley School have taken part in the BBC's school report project, for the past few years. They have been visited by such local personalities as: Francis Finn, local radio presenter from BBC Radio Nottingham.
Family of schools.
Kimberleys school family is Awsworth Primary, Gilthill Primary, Hollywell Primary, Horsendale Primary, Kimberley Primary, Larkfields Junior, Larkfields Infant and Mornington Primary. Details of the admission rules to the school and its sixth form are published. However the school has room for 1500 pupils.

</doc>
<doc id="19761886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761886" title="Toepler pump">
Toepler pump

A Toepler pump is a form of mercury piston pump, invented by August Toepler in 1850. 
The principle is illustrated in the diagram. When reservoir G is lowered, bulb B and tube T are filled with gas from the enclosure being evacuated (through tube A). When G is raised, mercury rises in tube F and cuts off the gas in B and T at C. This gas is then forced through the mercury in tube D into the atmosphere. The end of tube D is bent upward at E to facilitate collection of gas (or vapor). By alternately raising G, a pumping action results. Clearly tubes F and D must be long enough to support mercury columns corresponding to atmospheric pressure (76 cm at sea level). Instead of using mercury to provide a valving action at C, it is possible to use a glass float valve.

</doc>
<doc id="19761910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761910" title="1933 Star Riders' Championship">
1933 Star Riders' Championship

The 1933 Star Riders' Championship was decided on a knockout basis over nine heats.
Final.
Heat Details.
Heat 1 : Wotton, Case, Huxley, Croombs
Heat 2 : Farndon, Moore, Varey, Parker
Heat 3 : Blain, Whitfield, Bishop, Sharp
Heat 4 : Wilkinson, Langton, Chapman, Greatrex
Heat 5 : Johnson, Jackson, Goulden, Watson
Semi-final 1 : Farndon, Wotton, Whitfield
Semi-final 2 : Wilkinson, Jackson
Semi-final 3 : Johnson, Bishop, Moore
Final : Farndon, Johnson, Wilkinson 

</doc>
<doc id="19761912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761912" title="Prince Johann Georg of Hohenzollern">
Prince Johann Georg of Hohenzollern

Johann Georg, Prince von Hohenzollern ("Johann Georg Carl Leopold Eitel-Friedrich Meinrad Maria Hubertus Michael"; born 31 July 1932 in Schloss Sigmaringen, Germany) is a German prince, and through his marriage to Princess Birgitta of Sweden, is brother-in-law of King Carl XVI Gustav of Sweden. 
Prince Johann Georg is the sixth child of Frederick, Prince of Hohenzollern (Heiligendamm 30 Aug 1891 – Krauchenwies 6 Feb 1965) and his wife Princess Margarete Karola of Saxony (Dresden 24 Jan 1900 – Freiburg im Breisgau 16 Oct 1962).
Biography.
Family.
The House of Hohenzollern also produced rulers of the Kingdom of Romania. King Carol I of Romania was the first king of Romania born as a Prince of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen. He was followed by his nephew Ferdinand I of Romania (1865–1927), who was adopted as heir in 1889 by his uncle and succeeded as King in 1914 upon his uncle's death. Ferdinand became the father of King Carol II of Romania and grandfather of Michael I of Romania, the current head of the Royal Family of Romania.
Johann Georg, known as "Hansi", has six siblings: 
Marriage.
Johann Georg met Princess Birgitta of Sweden, the sister of the current King of Sweden Carl XVI Gustav in 1959 at a cocktail party while visiting friends and relatives in Germany. 
On 15 December 1960, their engagement was announced by the Royal Palace of Stockholm. The civil marriage ceremony took place at the Royal Palace of Stockholm on 25 May 1961, and the religious wedding in the Sankt Johann Church at the bridegroom's family palace of Sigmaringen on 30 May/31 July 1961.
Johann Georg and Birgitta separated in 1990, though they remain legally married and still attend Swedish royal family events together, including the 2010 wedding of Crown Princess Victoria. They celebrated their golden wedding in 2011. 
Issue.
Johann Georg and Birgitta's marriage has produced three children:
Career.
Johann Georg lives in Grünwald, Munich and is a fine art expert.
From 1992 to 1998 he served as Director General of the Bavarian State Picture Collection and was also a director of the Hypo-Kunsthalle of the Hypo Cultural Foundation. 
He serves as a Member of Advisory Board - Europe at Christie's International plc.
A patron of the arts, his 75th birthday was celebrated with a special concert in Munich. 

</doc>
<doc id="19761971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761971" title="Hackle (wig making)">
Hackle (wig making)

A hackle is a metal plate with rows of pointed needles used to blend or straighten hair. This tool is used as a preliminary step in the process of custom wig making. It is typically clamped firmly to a table before use.
The pointed needles are very sharp. This is paramount, because the hackle is used for three main purposes: mixing or blending cheese in special blends of pizzas, untangling wigs or hair extensions, and preparing the hair in a single or double draw. For single drawn, we get rid of the shortest hairs in the bundle at the root area. For double drawn, what we do with the hackle is to draw one bundle in it, with each different lengths that is, separating their different lengths. Any double drawn (DD) hair tends to be far more expensive than any other hairs because for four ounces of DD we may have used over a kilogram of single drawn, especially long lengths. In DD, all hairs have the same length, typical wigs with DD hairs are Sheitels.
Hackles are also used in the preparation of flax for spinning.
See also.
Heckling (flax)

</doc>
<doc id="19761995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19761995" title="List of ergs">
List of ergs

This is a list of ergs around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19762003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762003" title="Eaulne">
Eaulne

The river Eaulne is one of the rivers that flow from the plateau of the eastern Pays de Caux in the Seine-Maritime "département" of Haute-Normandie in northern France. <br>
The Eaulne’s source is at Mortemer. It then flows northwestwards through Sainte-Beuve-en-Rivière, Saint-Germain-sur-Eaulne, Londinières, Douvrend, Envermeu, turning westward at Bellengreville and on to Ancourt, Martin-Église and joins the River Arques at Arques-la-Bataille.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19762029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762029" title="Anti-Heros">
Anti-Heros

Anti-Heros were an American Oi!/street punk band formed in 1984 in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. They took a hiatus from 1989–1993, but continued to record and play concerts through the early 2000s. Anti-Heros are one of the first and most popular American Oi! bands. The original lineup consisted of Mark Noah (vocals), Mike Jones (bass), Phil Solomon (drums) and Joe Winograd (guitar). The band released two records on Link Records in the late 1980s, "That's Right!" (produced by John Blackwell) in 1987 and "Don't Tread on Me" (produced by John Blackwell) in 1988. Link manager Mark Brennan never paid the band for the recordings, which the band members paid to produce.
In February 1997, longtime drummer Phil Solomon left and the band brought on Mark McClusky. Later, Don Shumate (AKA El Guapo, formerly of Time Bomb '77) took over percussion duties and Mark Magee (formerly of The Glory and Condemned 84) replaced Winograd on guitars.
Despite the band's vocal admonishment of racism, their association with such ideals has long been a topic of contention among fans. Their theme song, "Anti-Hero," featured as a standard in their live set, is set to the tune of "Anti-Social," a song by Skrewdriver, one of the first and most prominent white power skinhead bands (although the song has no racist lyrics). The Anti-Heros stance on racist Skinhead participation in the Atlanta Skinhead scene circa 1987 is addressed in the song "Some Fun" with Mark Noah's lyrics "Now the Nazis are coming around, let's run them out of town!" The Anti-Heros were involved in a lawsuit against New Line Cinema for using the band's logo in the film "American History X" against the band's will (as they did not want to be associated with white supremacists). Following the lawsuit, the logo was removed from all subsequent releases of the film. 
Their last studio release, 1999's "Underneath the Underground," was produced by Lars Frederiksen of Rancid fame. 
Noah owns GMM Records. GMM Records released some of Dropkick Murphys' earliest recordings, as well as bands such as Iron Cross, Oxymoron, Agnostic Front, The Ducky Boys, The Templars and One Way System.

</doc>
<doc id="19762030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762030" title="Ryan Deckert">
Ryan Deckert

Ryan Deckert (born c. 1971) is the president of the Oregon Business Association. Prior to this position, Deckert, a Democratic politician from the US state of Oregon, served in the Oregon Senate, representing District 14, which includes parts of Beaverton and the Portland neighborhoods of Garden Home and Raleigh Hills.
Early life and career.
Deckert grew up in Beaverton and graduated from Beaverton High School before receiving a bachelor of arts degree from the University of Oregon. He later worked as a development director at Hewlett-Packard and for an architecture firm.
Political career.
In November 1996, Deckert was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 8 in Beaverton, becoming, at the age of 25, the youngest member of that year's legislative session; he took office in January 1997. He was re-elected to the position in 1998, defeating Republican Henri Schauffler, with support from a coalition of moderate Republicans led by Mary Alice Ford. In 2000, he ran for the Oregon Senate, defeating Republican incumbent Eileen Qutub.
Deckert resigned from the Senate in October 2007 to become the president of the Oregon Business Association.
Personal.
Deckert and his wife Inga live in the Garden Home neighborhood and have a five-year-old daughter and twin daughters, age two.

</doc>
<doc id="19762042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762042" title="Samsung SCH-U940">
Samsung SCH-U940

Samsung SCH-U940 (or Samsung Glyde) is a Verizon Wireless touch-screen phone made by Samsung. The Glyde was based on the popular European Croix, but was later adapted for the United States. It was released in late May 2008 in Verizon stores. As of August 2009, the phone is no longer listed for sale on Verizon's website. The phone features touch screen navigation, a 2.0-megapixel camera/camcorder with flash, customizable shortcut menus, and a full HTML browser. The phone has been replaced by a newer version, the Samsung Rogue.
Form and size.
The Glyde has a touch screen and a slide out QWERTY keyboard. On the front of the phone, the only buttons are the home button, the screen lock button, the camera/camcorder button and the rocker switch. When on the main phone touch screen without the QWERTY keyboard slid out, displayed on the screen are the dial pad, menu, contacts, quick navigation, and taskbar icons. With the QWERTY keyboard slid out, the layout is switched to landscape and a messaging icon is placed in the lower left hand side of the touch screen. The phone has stereo speakers on the top of the phone, a 2.5 mm headphone jack, and a 2.0-megapixel camera on the back. Underneath the back cover, is the battery and the micro SD slot. The actual size of the phone is 4.09 inches in height, 0.7 inches in depth, and 1.97 inches in width. It is 4.13 ounces.
Features.
The Glyde's main navigation is done through the touch screen that takes up much of the front side. The screen is only capable of registering one touch at a time. When touching it in two or more places, it typically registers that you are touching it in between the touches. Once you open the slide out keyboard, the screen flips to a landscape mode so that it can be viewed on its side. This is the only way to switch the phone to landscape mode due to the lack of an accelerometer. The main menu consists of eight tiles including the Media Center button, which lets you view your pictures, ringtones, videos, games, and apps which can be downloaded through the "Browse and Download" menu. The menu also contains a Messaging, Contacts, Recent Calls, Settings & Tools, My Music, Browser, and VZ Navigator tile. Tapping on the VZ Navigator tile without buying it will bring you to a video showing you the features of Verizon's GPS service. The camera on the device is 2.0 megapixels, and can be used to take pictures or record up to ten minute videos. The camera has a built in LED flash, three quality settings (Fine, Normal, and Economy), color effects, white balance settings, ISO settings, auto focus, a self-timer, multishot, six picture resolutions (1600x1200, 1280x960, 1024x768, 640x480, 320x240, and 176x144), and digital zoom (the zoom feature cannot be used when the resolution is set to 1600x1200). Videos can only be recorded in two resolutions (320x240 and 176x144). There are two video recording time options, one for sending a message, and one for saving the videos. If set to "Limit for Send," the recording time is set to 30 seconds, the video quality is set to economy and cannot be changed, and the resolution is set to 176x144 and cannot be changed. In the music player, you can play music stored on your phone or on your micro SD card. There are four search categories for music, genres, artists, albums, and song names, or you can just search for anything. You can also make playlists, play all of music, or play all of your music in shuffle mode. When listening to music, you cannot access any other menus without stopping your music. This includes getting a call or text message.
Known issues.
When Samsung introduced the Glyde in May 2008, it was meant to be a high-end phone that could compete with the Apple iPhone 3G and HTC Dream. It was one of the hottest-selling phones of 2008. Unfortunately, in November 2008, it was discovered that the Glyde's capacitive touch screen was problematic and would not always respond to the user's touch. Therefore, Verizon Wireless suspended all sales of the Glyde until Samsung re-introduced the Glyde later that month with a resistive touch screen. In early 2009, the Glyde was still experiencing User Interface issues and Verizon Wireless had released several OTA Software Updates to fix the problems. This included revising the |UI. In September 2009, the Glyde was officially discontinued after proving to be unrepairable and it was replaced by the Samsung SCH-u960, or Samsung Rogue, that month.
Sources.
Verizon Wireless Glyde

</doc>
<doc id="19762047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762047" title="Daughter of Julius Constantius">
Daughter of Julius Constantius

An unnamed daughter of Julius Constantius was the first known wife of Constantius II.
Family.
She is mentioned in the "Letter To The Senate And People of Athens" by Julian the Apostate to have been a sister of Constantius Gallus. When mentioning the execution of Gallus by orders of Constantius II, Julian lists the several ways the two men were related. "Constantius gave over to his most inveterate enemies, his own cousin, the Caesar, his sister's husband, the father of his niece, the man whose own sister he had himself married in earlier days". 
Gallus was a son of Julius Constantius and his first wife Galla. She is assumed to be a full sister of Gallus. Julius Constantius was a son of Constantius Chlorus and Flavia Maximiana Theodora. He was a paternal half-brother of Constantine I. In 337, Constantine I died. Several of his relatives were killed shortly after his death. Julius Constantius was among them. The "History of the Arians" (358) by Athanasius of Alexandria reports on Constantius II having killed his father-in-law. Though Constantius had two later marriages, this is considered a reference to Julius Constantius. "The common feelings of humanity could not induce him to spare even his own kindred. His uncles he slew; his cousins he put out of the way; he commiserated not the sufferings of his father-in-law, though he had married his daughter, or of his kinsmen".
A brother is considered to have been assassinated with their father in 337. Julian the Apostate was a younger, paternal half-brother to this Empress.
Marriage.
Her marriage to Constantius seems to be recorded in the Life of Constantine by Eusebius of Caesarea. "On the completion of the thirtieth year of his reign he solemnized the marriage of his second son [Constantius II, having concluded that of his first-born long before. This was an occasion of great joy and festivity, the emperor himself attending on his son at the ceremony, and entertaining the guests of both sexes, the men and women in distinct and separate companies, with sumptuous hospitality. Rich presents likewise were liberally distributed among the cities and people." The marriage can be estimated to 335 or 336. Constantine I had been declared emperor in 306.
Neither her name nor the time of her death appear in surviving sources. Thomas M. Banchich, a modern historian, points that "her passing may have facilitated Gallus' fall in 353/4". The "Panegyric In Honour Of Eusebia" by Julian the Apostate places the marriage of Eusebia, second wife of Constantius, prior to the defeat of rival emperor Magnentius. Magnentius was dead by August, 353. The marriage of Constantius and Eusebia may have occurred earlier in the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19762050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762050" title="Kruge">
Kruge

Kruge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19762070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762070" title="Tommy Cogbill">
Tommy Cogbill

Thomas Clark Cogbill, (b. April 8, 1932 - December 7, 1982) was an American bassist, guitarist and record producer.
Tommy Cogbill was born in Johnson Grove, Tennessee. He was a highly sought-after session and studio musician who appeared on many now-classic recordings of the 1960s and 1970s, especially those recorded in Nashville, Memphis and Muscle Shoals. He has been credited as an influence by bass guitarists, including Jaco Pastorius. In the later 1960s and early 1970s, Cogbill worked extensively at Memphis's American Sound Studio as a producer and as part of the studio's house rhythm section, known as The Memphis Boys.
One of the best known recordings featuring his bassline was Dusty Springfield’s 1969 hit "Son of a Preacher Man", produced by Jerry Wexler and Tom Dowd. Other major artists he recorded with include Elvis Presley, Aretha Franklin, Kris Kristofferson, J. J. Cale, Wilson Pickett (including the bassline on "Funky Broadway"), Chuck Berry, Dolly Parton, Bob Seger, and Neil Diamond.
Cogbill died on December 7, 1982 in Nashville, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="19762078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762078" title="Stan Denski">
Stan Denski

Stan Denski (b. August 26, 1953) is an American writer, scholar, critic whose work has focused upon both critical pedagogy and popular culture. His research is divided between the application of critical education theory to university media programs and the study of contemporary popular music and society.
Born Stanislaw Dzieniszewski in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (the family name was changed in the early 1950s), Denski attended Father Judge High School. He graduated from Clarion University of Pennsylvania with B.S. and M.S. degrees in Communication. In the mid-1970s he was a staff video producer and director producing instructional television programming for Southern West Virginia Community and Technical College in Logan and Williamson, WV. In 1990 he received his Ph.D. in Mass Communication (with minors in philosophy and film) jointly from the School of Telecommunications and the Scripps Howard School of Journalism at Ohio University.
In 1986-1987 Denski was a visiting lecturer in Media Studies at The College of Wooster in Wooster, OH. From 1987-1990, he was resident lecturer in Media Studies in the Department of Communication Studies at Indiana University-Purdue University at Indianapolis. From 1990 until 1997 he was Assistant Professor of Media Studies and Director of the Telecommunication Program at IUPUI. In 1993 he was awarded the N.E.T. (National Excellence in Teaching) Grant for $6,000 award to design the course, Introduction to Communication Studies.
In February 1994, he was selected to attend the IRTS International Radio & Television Society) Faculty/Industry Seminar in New York City where his design group won the $1,000 prize for best program design. In May 1995 he was an Invited Visiting Scholar at Ohio University in Athens, OH and presented a series of lectures to Mass Communication faculty and doctoral students.
His published works include the book, "Media Education and the (Re)production of Culture" (1994, with David Sholle) and numerous journal articles and book chapters. He currently sits on the Advisory Board of the journal Popular Music & Society.
In 1993 he founded Aether Records, an Indiana-based record label that released both vinyl reissues of rare rock records from the 1960s and 1970s and music by contemporary bands on CD and LP. In 1996, Aether/OR Music became a wholesale distribution and retail mail order company with warehouse and offices based in Indianapolis, IN. In 1997 Denski left his academic position to take the position of President of Aether/OR Music which he held until February 2002.
As writer on popular music, Denski has written liner notes for numerous LPs and CDs (including the notes for all 10 volumes of the compilation series, Love, Peace & Poetry), his music writing has been published in the Dallas Observer, the Cleveland Scene, Patrick Lundborg's Acid Archives, and he was a contributing critic to the 2007 Village Voice Pazz & Jop Poll.
Denski is also a musician, recording artist and producer, working with artists like Jello Biafra and Nick Saloman. In 1997 he formed the band Many Bright Things, releasing three albums between 1996 and 2005 in addition to one album under the name In The Summer Of The Mushroom Honey in 1998. In 2002 he produced the compilation album, Pull Up the Paisley Covers: A Psychedelic Omnibus.
In 2007 and 2008 Denski was employed as the researcher and ghost writer for Think Secure, the online blog of Frank DeFina, then president of Panasonic Systems Solutions America.
Since 2007 Denski has maintained his own blog, These Things Too, featuring new writing on music, politics and the arts. He also is a regular contributor to the Irvington Neighbors Facebook page where he trolls people into senseless and sometimes entertaining exchanges that last for days and days and days. In addition, he is a prominent member of the Irvington Drunken Neighbors FaceBook page where other contributors troll him.

</doc>
<doc id="19762088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762088" title="Det ender med bryllup">
Det ender med bryllup

Det ender med bryllup is a 1943 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and starring Poul Reumert.

</doc>
<doc id="19762096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762096" title="Xt3">
Xt3

Xt3.com is a Catholic social online network and news site, established for the 2008 World Youth Day in Sydney, Australia.
The name stands for "Christ in the Third Millennium" and is operated by the Archdiocese of Sydney, with the support of Archbishop Cardinal George Pell.
Xt3.com has around 70,000 members from all over the world.
The website states that it supports Pope Benedict XVI's view of world communications, which embraces new technologies, new relationships, and promotes a culture of respect, dialogue and friendship, in an environment promoting truth and authenticity of life in the digital age. Xt3 reinforces the 2012 Message for World Communications Day, in which the Pope calls for authentic questions, reflection and contemplation.
The site was named "Best Website for a Publication" at the annual Australian Catholic Press Association Awards for Excellence in Adelaide on 8 September 2011.
Catholic resources.
Xt3 is content-driven website, and features an expanding library of videos, audio interviews, podcasts, print articles, and messages from the Vatican. Other features include a "Prayer Wall", "Ask a Priest" and a special section called "iActiv8", which has information about World Youth Day, to be held next in Rio de Janeiro in 2013.
Xt3 has also released Smartphone Apps for iPhone and Android devices, including an Advent Calendar App in 2011 and 2012, as well as an App for the season of Lent in 2012.
In October 2012, Xt3 launched an online Youth Ministry library, allowing youth ministers from around to world to access Catholic resources free of charge. And in December 2012, the xt3 team produced a 'Gangnam Style' Advent video, which has received over 15,000 hits on YouTube since it was released on 29 November 2012. This video was featured as an Advent resource on the Vatican youth website pope2you.net.
Webcasts.
Xt3.com hosted the first live webcast of a Catholic church event, live streaming the Official Handover of the WYD Cross and Icon in Rome, on Palm Sunday 2009. Since this date, Xt3 has streamed other major events, including the canonisation of Mary MacKillop in 2010, the Beatification of John Paul II in 2011, World Youth Day Madrid in 2011, and the Official Opening of Domus Australia on 19 October 2011, with Pope Benedict XVI.
Xt3 will be webcasting all the events from World Youth Day 2013 in Rio de Janeiro from 22–29 July 2013. The webcast will be hosted on Xt3's live portal Xt3.com/wydlive.

</doc>
<doc id="19762116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762116" title="Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy">
Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy

Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) is a technique which is used to obtain an infrared spectrum of absorption, emission, photoconductivity or Raman scattering of a solid, liquid or gas. An FTIR spectrometer simultaneously collects spectral data in a wide spectral range. This confers a significant advantage over a dispersive spectrometer which measures intensity over a narrow range of wavelengths at a time. FTIR has made dispersive infrared spectrometers all but obsolete (except sometimes in the near infrared), opening up new applications of infrared spectroscopy.
The term "Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy" originates from the fact that a Fourier transform (a mathematical process) is required to convert the raw data into the actual spectrum. For other uses of this kind of technique, see Fourier transform spectroscopy.
Conceptual introduction.
The goal of any absorption spectroscopy (FTIR, ultraviolet-visible ("UV-Vis") spectroscopy, etc.) is to measure how well a sample absorbs light at each wavelength. The most straightforward way to do this, the "dispersive spectroscopy" technique, is to shine a monochromatic light beam at a sample, measure how much of the light is absorbed, and repeat for each different wavelength. (This is how UV-Vis spectrometers work, for example.)
Fourier transform spectroscopy is a less intuitive way to obtain the same information. Rather than shining a monochromatic beam of light at the sample, this technique shines a beam containing many frequencies of light at once, and measures how much of that beam is absorbed by the sample. Next, the beam is modified to contain a different combination of frequencies, giving a second data point. This process is repeated many times. Afterwards, a computer takes all these data and works backwards to infer what the absorption is at each wavelength.
The beam described above is generated by starting with a broadband light source—one containing the full spectrum of wavelengths to be measured. The light shines into a Michelson interferometer—a certain configuration of mirrors, one of which is moved by a motor. As this mirror moves, each wavelength of light in the beam is periodically blocked, transmitted, blocked, transmitted, by the interferometer, due to wave interference. Different wavelengths are modulated at different rates, so that at each moment, the beam coming out of the interferometer has a different spectrum.
As mentioned, computer processing is required to turn the raw data (light absorption for each mirror position) into the desired result (light absorption for each wavelength). The processing required turns out to be a common algorithm called the Fourier transform (hence the name, "Fourier transform spectroscopy"). The raw data is sometimes called an "interferogram".
Developmental background.
The first low-cost spectrophotometer capable of recording an infrared spectrum was the Perkin-Elmer Infracord produced in 1957. This instrument covered the wavelength range from 2.5 μm to 15 μm (wavenumber range 4000 cm−1 to 660 cm−1). The lower wavelength limit was chosen to encompass the highest known vibration frequency due to a fundamental molecular vibration. The upper limit was imposed by the fact that the dispersing element was a prism made from a single crystal of rock-salt (sodium chloride) which becomes opaque at wavelengths longer than about 15 μm; this spectral region became known as the rock-salt region. Later instruments used potassium bromide prisms to extend the range to 25 μm (400 cm−1) and caesium iodide 50 μm (200 cm−1). The region beyond 50 μm (200 cm−1) became known as the far-infrared region; at very long wavelengths it merges into the microwave region. Measurements in the far infrared needed the development of accurately ruled diffraction gratings to replace the prisms as dispersing elements since salt crystals are opaque in this region. More sensitive detectors than the bolometer were required because of the low energy of the radiation. One such was the Golay detector. An additional issue is the need to exclude atmospheric water vapour because water vapour has an intense pure rotational spectrum in this region. Far-infrared spectrophotometers were cumbersome, slow and expensive. The advantages of the Michelson interferometer were well-known, but considerable technical difficulties had to be overcome before a commercial instrument could be built. Also an electronic computer was needed to perform the required Fourier transform and this only became practicable with the advent of mini-computers, such as the PDP-8 which became available in 1965. Digilab pioneered the world's first commercial FTIR spectrometer (Model FTS-14) in 1969 (Digilab FTIRs are now a part of Agilent technologies's molecular product line after it acquired spectroscopy business from Varian). 
Michelson interferometer.
In a Michelson interferometer adapted for FTIR, light from the polychromatic infrared source, approximately a black-body radiator, is collimated and directed to a beam splitter. Ideally 50% of the light is refracted towards the fixed mirror and 50% is transmitted towards the moving mirror. Light is reflected from the two mirrors back to the beam splitter and (ideally) 50% of the original light passes into the sample compartment. There, the light is focused on the sample. On leaving the sample compartment the light is refocused on to the detector. The difference in optical path length between the two arms to the interferometer is known as the retardation. An interferogram is obtained by varying the retardation and recording the signal from the detector for various values of the retardation. The form of the interferogram when no sample is present depends on factors such as the variation of source intensity and splitter efficiency with wavelength. This results in a maximum at zero retardation, when there is constructive interference at all wavelengths, followed by series of "wiggles". The position of zero retardation is determined accurately by finding the point of maximum intensity in the interferogram. When a sample is present the background interferogram is modulated by the presence of absorption bands in the sample.
There are two principal advantages for an FT spectrometer compared to a scanning (dispersive) spectrometer.
Other minor advantages include less sensitivity to stray light, and "Connes' advantage" (better wavelength accuracy), while a disadvantage is that FTIR cannot use the advanced electronic filtering techniques that often makes its signal-to-noise ratio inferior to that of dispersive measurements.
Resolution.
The interferogram belongs in the length domain. Fourier transform (FT) inverts the dimension, so the FT of the interferogram belongs in the reciprocal length domain, that is the wavenumber domain. The spectral resolution in wavenumbers per cm is equal to the reciprocal of the maximum retardation in cm. Thus a 4 cm−1 resolution will be obtained if the maximum retardation is 0.25 cm; this is typical of the cheaper FTIR instruments. Much higher resolution can be obtained by increasing the maximum retardation. This is not easy as the moving mirror must travel in a near-perfect straight line. The use of corner-cube mirrors in place of the flat mirrors is helpful as an outgoing ray from a corner-cube mirror is parallel to the incoming ray, regardless of the orientation of the mirror about axes perpendicular to the axis of the light beam. Connes measured in 1966 the temperature of the atmosphere of Venus by recording the vibration-rotation spectrum of Venusian CO2 at 0.1 cm−1 resolution. Michelson himself attempted to resolve the hydrogen Hα emission band in the spectrum of a hydrogen atom into its two components by using his interferometer. p25 A spectrometer with 0.001 cm−1 resolution is now available commercially. The throughput advantage is important for high-resolution FTIR as the monochromator in a dispersive instrument with the same resolution would have very narrow entrance and exit slits.
Beam splitter.
The beam-splitter can not be made of common types of glass, as they are opaque to infrared radiation of wavelengths longer than about 2.5 μm. A thin film, usually of a plastic material, is used instead. However, as any material has a limited range of optical transmittance, several beam-splitters are used interchangeably to cover a wide spectral range.
Fourier transform.
The interferogram in practice consists of a set of intensities measured for discrete values of retardation. The difference between successive retardation values is constant. Thus, a discrete Fourier transform is needed. The fast Fourier transform (FFT) algorithm is used.
Far-infrared FTIR.
The first FTIR spectrometers were developed for far-infrared range. The reason for this has to do with the mechanical tolerance needed for good optical performance, which is related to the wavelength of the light being used. For the relatively long wavelengths of the far infrared, ~10 μm tolerances are adequate, whereas for the rock-salt region tolerances have to be better than 1 μm. A typical instrument was the cube interferometer developed at the NPL and marketed by Grubb Parsons. It used a stepper motor to drive the moving mirror, recording the detector response after each step was completed.
Mid-infrared FTIR.
With the advent of cheap microcomputers it became possible to have a computer dedicated to controlling the spectrometer, collecting the data, doing the Fourier transform and presenting the spectrum. This provided the impetus for the development of FTIR spectrometers for the rock-salt region. The problems of manufacturing ultra-high precision optical and mechanical components had to be solved. A wide range of instruments are now available commercially. Although instrument design has become more sophisticated, the basic principles remain the same. Nowadays, the moving mirror of the interferometer moves at a constant velocity, and sampling of the interferogram is triggered by finding zero-crossings in the fringes of a secondary interferometer lit by a helium-neon laser. In modern FTIR systems the constant mirror velocity is not strictly required, as long as the laser fringes and the original interferogram are recorded simultaneously with higher sampling rate and then re-interpolated on a constant grid, as pioneered by James W. Brault. This confers very high wavenumber accuracy on the resulting infrared spectrum and avoids wavenumber calibration errors.
Near-infrared FTIR.
The near-infrared region spans the wavelength range between the rock-salt region and the start of the visible region at about 750 nm. Overtones of fundamental vibrations can be observed in this region. It is used mainly in industrial applications such as process control and chemical imaging.
Applications.
FTIR can be used in all applications where a dispersive spectrometer was used in the past (see external links). In addition, the multiplex and throughput advantages have opened up new areas of application. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19762140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762140" title="Baltimore Orioles minor league players">
Baltimore Orioles minor league players

Below are the players and rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Baltimore Orioles:
Players.
Tim Alderson.
Timothy Curtis Alderson (born November 3, 1988) is a pitcher in the Baltimore Orioles organization.
Alderson was drafted by the San Francisco Giants 22nd overall in the first round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft. On July 29, 2009, Alderson was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates in exchange for second baseman Freddy Sanchez.
Alderson began the 2010 season assigned to the Pirates' Double A club, the Altoona Curve, and entered the season as the Pirates' No. 7 prospect, according to "Baseball America". However he experienced a difficult season with club and was demoted to the Single A, Bradenton Marauders on July 14, 2010.
On July 12, 2013, Alderson was traded to the Baltimore Orioles for Russ Canzler.
Michael Almanzar.
Michael Gabriel Almanzar Campo (born December 2, 1990) is a Dominican professional baseball infielder for the Baltimore Orioles organization. 
Almanzar signed as an amateur free agent with the Boston Red Sox at the age of 16, receiving a $1.5 million signing bonus. The Baltimore Orioles selected Almanzar from the Red Sox in the 2013 Rule 5 Draft.
Almanzar's father, Carlos Almanzar, played in MLB.
Dariel Álvarez.
Dariel Álvarez (born November 7, 1988) is an Cuban professional baseball outfielder in the Baltimore Orioles organization. 
Álvarez played for Camagüey in the Cuban National Series. He signed with the Baltimore Orioles in July 2013. He started his career with the Gulf Coast Orioles hitting .444 with a home run in three games. He was then promoted to the High-A Frederick Keys. He was promoted to Double-A Bowie Baysox after hitting .436/.463/.641 with two home runs in 10 games.
Tim Berry.
Timothy Berry (born March 18, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles organization.
Berry had Tommy John surgery during his senior year of high school. The Orioles selected Berry in the 50th round of the 2009 MLB Draft. He was assignd to the Arizona Fall League after the 2013 season. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
David Freitas.
David Freitas (born March 18, 1989) is an American professional baseball catcher for the Baltimore Orioles.
Freitas was born in Wilton, California. He attended Elk Grove High School and then Cosumnes River College, where he played college baseball for two years, earning All-American honors. He then transferred to the University of Hawaii, where he continued his college baseball career with the Hawaii Rainbow Warriors.
The Washington Nationals selected Freitas in the 15th round of the 2010 MLB Draft. Playing for the Hagerstown Suns of the Class A South Atlantic League in 2011, he started in the all-star game. In 2012, they traded Freitas to the Athletics for Kurt Suzuki.
Freitas grew up a fan of the Athletics.
Freitas was traded to the Baltimore Orioles on December 12, 2013 as the player to be named later in the Jim Johnson trade.
Hunter Harvey.
Hunter Luke Harvey (born December 9, 1994) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Baltimore Orioles organization. He was drafted by the Orioles in the first round of the 2013 Major League Baseball Draft out of Bandy High Shool in Catawba, North Carolina. He signed on June 20, 2013. He is the son of former Major League Baseball pitcher Bryan Harvey and the brother of minor league pitcher Kris Harvey.
Chris Jones.
Christopher A. Jones (born September 19, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher in Minor League Baseball for the Baltimore Orioles organization.
Jones graduated from Gaither High School in Tampa, Florida. The Cleveland Indians selected him in the 15th round, with the 467th overall selection, of the 2007 MLB Draft. After the season, the Orioles added Jones to their 40-man roster to protect him from being selected by another team in the Rule 5 draft. He was designated for assignment in February, and released. He was then re-signed to a minor league contract on March 3, 2014.
Michael Ohlman.
Michael L. Ohlman (born December 14, 1990) is an American professional baseball catcher in the Baltimore Orioles organization. 
Ohlman was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 11th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft out of Lakewood Ranch High School in Bradenton, Florida. During Spring Training 2012 he was involved in a serious car crash which injured his shoulder. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Eduardo Rodríguez.
Eduardo José Rodríguez Hernández (born April 7, 1993) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Baltimore Orioles organization.
Rodríguez along with Henry Urrutia represented the Baltimore Orioles at the 2013 All-Star Futures Game.
Mike Wright.
Dennis Michael Wright, Jr. (born January 3, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Baltimore Orioles organization. 
Wright was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the third round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft out of East Carolina University. During his first professional season he went 3-2 with a 5.72 earned run average with 42 strikeouts in innings. Pitching for the Frederick Keys and Bowie Baysox in 2012 he went 10-5 with a 4.06 ERA. 
Wright started the 2013 season with Baysox. He finished the season with the Norfolk Tides. He won the Orioles Jim Palmer Minor League Pitcher of the Year Award after going 11-3 with a 3.11 ERA and 138 strikeouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19762150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762150" title="G. M. Durrani">
G. M. Durrani

G.M. Durrani was a popular Indian playback singer in Hindi movies in the 1930s, 1940s and 50s.
Biography.
G.M. Durrani sahab was discovered by film producer Sohrab Modi. He gave him his first chance around 1935-36 in the movie "Saaed-e-Hawas", a historical under the music director, he classical musician Bundu Khan popularly known as "Taan-Talwar" Bundu Khan. It was a ghazal whose words went something like this "Mastonko shem farz hai peena Sharab ka, gutti mein meri padh gaya qatara sharab ka." 
Later when the concept of playback singing started he was the first to lend his voice for a film titled Bahurani. The film was made by Sagar Movietone and its music director was Rafeeq Gazanavi. Durrani sahab was then working as a full-time artist in AIR. Those were British days and they were not allowed to do any private recordings. But Rafeeq Saab insisted. Durrani sahab laid down some conditions, like; the recording should be fixed on a Sunday night so that no outsiders would be allowed to enter the studio. Secondly, he said that his name shouldn't appear in credit titles or on discs. The song was a duet with Miss Rose, an Anglo-Indian, who didn't have much experience as a singer. He was paid Rs.75 for the song as against his salary of Rs.70 a month at AIR. He then chucked up his job on 31 December 1940.
Thereafter he sang for, among others, noted music directors like Khurshid Anwar, Naushad, Shankar Rao Vyas and A. R. Qureshi (Better known as Alla Rakha, Pandit Ravi Shanker's famous tabla accompanist) for films like "Mirza Ghalib", "Humlog", "Magroor", "Shama", "Namaste", "Sabak" and scores of others. He became very popular. Many singers started their careers with him and he inspired many others too. He was the idol of Mohammed Rafi sahab who imitated him in the initial days. Now what could be a better tribute to singer than that, that the symbol of divinity in the Indian Music Industry, Mohammad Rafi, followed him. In fact, in 1944 Rafi sahab recorded what he considered his first Hindi language song for the film "Gaon ki Gori" (1944) for Shyam Sunder, Aji dil ho kaaboo mein with G. M. Durrani and chorus. Similarly, Ae Chorre Ki Jaat Badi Bewafa, a duet with G. M. Durrani, was Lata's first song for composer, Naushad. Geeta Dutt also started her career in her break through movie "Do Bhai" with the song Aaj Preet Ka Naata toot gaya for S.D. Burman.
Durrani sahab has sung many songs during his career. His output later reduced. According to some a reason was an altercation with a prominent female singer. According to another story he was influenced not to sing for some time after his Hajj visit and Rafi sahab then helped him get back to singing but by then his career was over. Music Composer Khurshid Anwar in his first film "Kudmai" (Punjabi-1941)took him as his assistant and later gave him the film "Angoori" (1943)as Music Director.
It is said that many years later someone heard an old man singing in a recording studio for jingles in a corner. When person went to tell him what a lovely voice he was surprised to see it was Durrani Sahab who had fallen to bad days.
Songs with Geeta Dutt.
His songs sung with Geeta Dutt are as follows:-

</doc>
<doc id="19762158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762158" title="List of Orlando Magic broadcasters">
List of Orlando Magic broadcasters


</doc>
<doc id="19762163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762163" title="Coastal Disturbances">
Coastal Disturbances

Coastal Disturbances is a play by Tina Howe, which premiered Off-Broadway in 1986 and transferred to Broadway. It received a Tony Award nomination as Best Play.
Production history.
The Second Stage Theatre production opened at the McGinn-Cazale Theatre on November 19, 1986 and ran for 45 performances. Directed by Carole Rothman, the cast featured Annette Bening (Holly Dancer), and Timothy Daly (Leo Hart).
It transferred to Broadway at the Circle in the Square Theatre on February 14, 1987 in previews, opening on March 4, 1987 and closing on January 3, 1988, after 350 performances and 20 previews. The off-Broadway director and most of the cast, including Bening and Daly, were in the Broadway production.
Critical response.
In his "New York Times" review, Frank Rich wrote: "In his brilliant lighting...the designer Dennis Parichy has captured the entire spectrum of weather known to habitues of New England beaches in August. As written by Ms. Howe and acted by one of the finer casts in New York, the emotional cloudbursts, no less than the meteorological, can take the breath away."

</doc>
<doc id="19762170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762170" title="Boston Red Sox minor league players">
Boston Red Sox minor league players

This is a partial list of players in the Boston Red Sox minor league organization:
Select players.
Mookie Betts.
Markus Lynn Betts (born October 7, 1992) is a professional second baseman who plays in the Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 5' 9", 156 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
Drafted out of John Overton High School in the fifth round in 2011, Betts batted a .509 average and collected 30 stolen bases to earn Louisville Slugger High School All-American honors as a senior. He then went 2-for-4 in one game for the GCL Red Sox. In 2012, he batted .267 and stole 20 bases in 71 games for the short season Lowell Spinners, being promoted to the Low A Greenville Drive in 2013.
After hitting an OBP/SLG/OPS line of .157/.333/.286 in April, Betts exploded to a May line of .356/.472/.663 with 13 doubles, six home runs and eight stolen bases, including a 19-game hitting string and a 35-game on-base streak, being selected to the South Atlantic League All-Star Game. He was promoted to High A Salem Red Sox on July 9 and continued the success he has had during his breakout campaign in Greenville. Betts finished the regular season with a .314/.417/.506 line between the two levels, hitting .439/.518/.704 in his last 98 at-bats, while collecting 93 runs, 65 RBIs, 55 extra bases, and 38 stolen bases in 127 games.
In addition to his SAL All-Star selection, Betts won two Carolina League Player of the Week Award in August, two SoxProspects.com Player of the Month Awards in May and August, and seven Player of the Week awards overall in both leagues, all of which were tops in the organization. At the end of the season, he was named Offensive Player of the Year and Breakout Player of the Year in the Boston minor league system, leading all Sox minors players with a .506 slugging percentage, while his .314 batting average ranked him third behind Alex Hassan (.338) and Garin Cecchini (.322). At the end of the Minor League season, he was named to the Baseball America Minor League All-Star Team.
Betts, who has risen to the number 12th prospect in the system after starting the year 53rd, is projected to open 2014 at Double A Portland Sea Dogs.
, and MiLB.com 
Dan Butler.
Daniel John Butler (born October 17, 1986) is a professional baseball catcher in the Boston Red Sox organization. Listed at 5' 10", 190 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
Butler was signed by the Red Sox as an undrafted free agent in 2009 out of University of Arizona, where he hit a .263 batting average with three home runs and 18 RBIs in 27 games as a senior for the Wildcats, and was selected to the Cape Cod League All-Star team.
He made his professional debut in 2009 with Lowell, being promoted to Salem late in the season. Then, in 2010 he topped the Red Sox minor league system with a .310 average and an .893 OPS during stops in Greenville, Salem, and Pawtucket. While at Salem, he led all Carolina League catchers with a .995 fielding percentage. He also threw out 35.5 percent (49-of-138) of attempted base stealers across three different Minor League levels and was named a South Atlantic League All-Star. He batted a combined .241 with 12 home runs and 71 RBI in 2011, while playing for Salem, Portland and Pawtucket. In 2012 he divided his playing time between Portland and Pawtucket, collecting a .247 average with nine homers and 37 RBI in 95 games.
Butler spent 2013 at Pawtucket. He batted a solid .262/.350/.479 line, while hitting a career-high 14 home runs and 45 RBIs in 84 games.
In a five-season career, Butler has posted a .990 Fld% (29 errors in 2902 fielding chances) and a CS% of 32% (153-of-482) in 362 games. He is currently on the 40-man roster.
, and MiLB.com
David Chester.
David Chester (born March 31, 1989) is a first baseman who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 6' 5", 255 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
Chester was selected by the Red Sox in the 33rd round of the 2011 draft out of University of Pittsburgh, where he led the Big East Conference with 16 home runs as a senior and also led his team in RBIs (60) and on-base percentage (.470), while ranking second with a .345 batting average and joining the All-Big East first team in 2011. Previously, he was named to the All-Big East third team in 2010, ranking sixth in school history in homers (31) and eighth in RBIs (125), despite playing only two seasons.
He debuted with the GCL Red Sox in 2011, topping his team in home runs (9) and RBIs (23). In 2012, he gained a promotion to short season Lowell Spinners and finished the year with Class A-Advanced Salem Red Sox, collecting 10 homers and 33 RBIs in 50 games for both teams.
Chester opened 2013 with Class A Greenville Drive, batting for them a .271 average with 13 home runs and 71 RBIs, while earning South Atlantic League All-Star honors. He was recalled by Salem on July 24. He finished with a .271 average, 19 home runs, and 85 RBIs in the two stints, while tying with Bryce Brentz for the most home runs in the system.
, or MiLB.com, or SoxProspects.com
William Cuevas.
William Cuevas [kway'-vahss] (born October 14, 1990) is a Venezuelan professional pitcher who plays for the Boston Red Sox organization. Listed at 6-1, 170 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
Cuevas was signed by the Red Sox as an international free agent in July 2005. He spent two and half seasons with the DSL Red Sox spanning 2009-11, before joining the GCL rookie team late in 2011. He then was promoted to Class A- Lowell Spinners in 2012 and played with them for the entire season.
Cuevas emerged during his first season with Lowell, as he posted eight wins and two losses in 77⅓ innings of work, striking out 72 batters while walking only 15 for a solid 4.80 SO/BB ratio. He also made history, after setting the Spinners record for the lowest earned run average in a regular season. His 1.40 ERA bested the 1.50 mark set by Kyle Weiland dating back 2008. In addition, Cuevas ranked in the top of several statistical categories in the New York–Penn League, tying for 1st for the most wins and for second in ERA and innings, and for third in strikeouts.
Cuevas was promoted to Class A Advanced Salem Red Sox in 2013 but struggled during the season. He posted an 8-9 record and a 5.05 ERA in 26 starts, while striking out 109 and walking 40 in 135⅓ innings.
, or MiLB.com
Keury De La Cruz.
Keury De La Cruz (born November 28, 1991) is a Dominican Republic outfielder who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 5'11", 170 lb., he bats and throws left handed.
De La Cruz was originally signed as an international free agent in the spring of 2009 and has been an All-Star for two consecutive seasons from 2011-2012.
He debuted in 2009 with the DSL Red Sox, and was named Red Sox Latin Program Player of the Year after leading his team in hits (65), doubles (16), runs batted in (50) and extra-bases (27).
In 2010 he joined the Gulf Coast League rookie team, leading the league in triples (7) and total bases (84), while ranking second in extra-bases (23), third both in home runs (6) and runs scored (35) and fourth in RBI (31) and slugging percentage (.475).
He gained a promotion to Class A- Lowell in 2011, and led the New York–Penn League for the most at-bats (300) while tying for second in triples (6) and third in hits (79). He then was named to the All-Star team.
De La Cruz had a breakout season in 2012 for Class A Greenville, batting a slash line (BA/OBP/SLG) of .308/.352/.536 in 116 games, which included eight triples, 19 home runs and 81 RBI. He was named both for the South Atlantic League All-Star and post-season All-Star teams, before being promoted to Class A+ Salem Red Sox in late August. He finished among the five best Red Sox minor leaguers, ranking first in RBI (87), second in slugging (.533), third in homers (20), fourth in batting average (.307), and fifth in OPS (.863).
De La Cruz returned to Salem in 2013. He batted a slash line of .262/.302/.404 with a second-best 89 RBIs in the Carolina League, being selected to the CL Postseason All-Star Team. At the time, he is ranked as the best 30th prospect in the Red Sox minor league system.
Alex Hassan.
Alexander Edward Hassan (born April 1, 1988) is an outfielder who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 6' 3", 195 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
Alex Hassan was rated by Baseball America as having the best strike zone judgment in the Red Sox organization entering the 2012 season. He is currently on the 40-man roster.
Hassan was selected by the Boston Red Sox in the 20th round of the 2009 draft out of Duke University in Durham, North Carolina. A two-way player in college, he posted a .342 average with three home runs and 39 runs batted in as a junior at Duke in 2009. He also led the team with 56 runs scored, while going 2-2 with a 4.10 earned run average and a team-leading eight saves in 16 games pitched.
He was originally drafted as a pitcher, but impressed enough in the Cape Cod League in 2009 that the Boston organization decided to switch him to outfield. Being able to play in all three outfield positions, he is best suited at left field.
In his first season, he batted a combined .328 average in 34 games with Class A- Lowell and Class A Greenville, gaining a promotion to Class A+ Salem in 2010.
In 2010, he batted .287 in 107 games for Salem and led the team in walks (57) and on-base percentage (.397), before joining Triple-A Pawtucket late in the season for only three games.
He opened 2011 with Double A Portland, and batted .291 with 13 home runs and 64 RBI in 126 games. He finished 3rd in the Eastern League in on-base percentage (.406), 4th in walks (76), 8th in On-base plus slugging (.902) and 12th in batting, while earning an EL All-Star berth during the midseason. In addition, he led all outfielders with a .995 fielding percentage, after committing only one error in 210 total chances, while his on-base percentage also was the best in the Red Sox minor league system.
Hassan returned to Pawtucket in 2012. Even though he played only 94 games because of assorted injuries, he hit a career-low .256 average, but ranked 2nd in the team in OBP (.377), 3rd in RBI (46), and 8th in runs (39), hits (80) and doubles (12).
Hassan got a late start to the 2013 season with Pawtucket after recovering from injuries, being limited to 63 games, but grabbed a firm hold of his spot on the 40-man roster. He finished with a .338 average, which was the best in the organization, driving in 35 runs and scoring 30 times, while collecting a .457 OBP (also a best) and a .471 of slugging.
, or MiLB.com
Chris Hernandez.
Chris Hernandez (born December 14, 1988) is a pitcher who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 6' 1", 185 lb., he bats and throws left handed.
Hernandez was selected by the Red Sox in the 7th round of the 2010 MLB Draft out of University of Miami, where he was the ace of the Miami Hurricanes pitching staff from 2008 through 2010. In 2008, he gained "Baseball America" Freshman of the Year honors, as he led the Hurricanes to the College World Series, where they were the number one seeded team in the tournament. In 2010, in his last college game, Hernandez gave up one earned run in eight-plus innings of work, but errors cost the Hurricanes another trip to the Series. In four minor league seasons, Hernandez has posted a combined record of 20-28 with a 3.72 ERA and 252 strikeouts in 411.0 innings. He is projected to open the 2014 season at Triple A Pawtucket.
, or MiLB.com
Jeremy Kehrt.
Jeremy Kehrt (born December 21, 1985) is a pitcher who plays in the Boston Red Sox organization. Listed at 6' 2", 190 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
Kehrt was selected by the Red Sox in the 47th round of the 2008 MLB Draft out of University of Southern Indiana. He is very confident on the mound and can be best described as a finesse pitcher with a very good control who attacks hitters. He throws his four-seam fastball comfortably in the 91 mph range and can even touch 93 mph. His two-seam fastball sits around 87-88 mph with a harder tail than his four-seam, which also mixes in a mid-80s splitter with nice sink and a 77-80 mph slider, giving him four pitches that he will use to work hitters and keep them off balance. Kehrt is projected to open 2014 at Triple-A Pawtucket.
Pat Light.
Patrick James Light (born March 29, 1991) is a pitcher who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 6' 5", 195 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
Light was selected by the Red Sox in the first round (37th overall) of the 2012 MLB draft out of Monmouth University. Previously, the Minnesota Twins took him in the 28th round of the 2009 draft but he went on to college instead.
While pitching at high school, Light went 20–0 with a 1.52 ERA for Christian Brothers Academy (NJ), to set the best season record in Shore Conference history. Then, he went 14-14 with a 3.84 ERA and 196 strikeouts in 39 appearances for Monmouth from 2010–2012, ranking No. 53 on Baseball America's preseason Top 100 list of 2012 draft prospects. He then made his professional debut with Class A- Lowell in 2012 and posted a 0-2 record with a 1.79 ERA in 10 starts, allowing six runs (five earned) on 18 hits and four walks, while striking out 26 in 26.1 innings of work. He suffered a partial tear in his right hamstring during the 2013 season and was out for several weeks, being limited to 28⅓ innings for Class A Greenville Drive, going 1-4 with 28 strikeouts and an ERA of 8.06.
Light has developed a 90-95 mph heavy fastball which can top out at 97 mph. He also has an 85-87 mph slider, while a 79-81 mph changeup is a work in progress. He now is projected as a reliever, with great potential as a set-up man or closer. He will return to Greenville in 2014.
, or MilB.com
J. C. Linares.
Juan Carlos Linares (born September 7, 1984) is a Cuban outfielder who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 5' 11", 190 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
Linares played eight seasons for La Habana team in the Cuban National Series before being signed by the Red Sox on July 8, 2010.
A muscular slugger and solid defensive player, Linares is able to play all three outfield positions, although he has played most of his minor league career at right field. He was limited to 34 games with the Red Sox in 2010 and 2011, after suffering assorted injuries and an ankle surgery. Finally, he had a full-season shot in 2012, and he made the most of it, putting up a .333/.403/.538 slash line (BA/OBP/SLG) for Double A Portland and earning a mid-season promotion to Triple A Pawtucket, helping his team to clinch its first International League championship title in 28 years.
In addition, Linares led all Red Sox minor leaguers in 2012 with a .315 batting average, while ending fifth in slugging with a .508 mark. After the season, he was rated as the 17th best Red Sox prospect according to MLB.com.
Manuel Margot.
Manuel Margot is a Dominican center fielder who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 5' 11, 170 lb., he bats and throws right-handed.
Margot was signed by the Red Sox as an international free agent in July 2011. He spent 2012 with the DSL Red Sox and was promoted to Short A Lowell Spinners in 2013.
In his season debut, Margot earned Red Sox Minor League Latin Program Player of the Year honors, after batting a slash line of .285/.382/.423 with 38 stolen bases in just 68 games. Regarded as a patient hitter, he walked more than he struck out in the DSL (36-to-25 in 260 at-bats). According to scouting report, he has plus-plus speed that he uses well on the bases, above average range and solid outfield defense, as well as the ability to hit the ball hard to all fields.
Margot gained a promotion to the Lowell Spinners in 2013. He ranks 19th in the MLB.com Top 20 Boston Red Sox Prospects list.
, or MiLB.com
Henry Owens.
Henry Owens (born July 21, 1992) is a pitcher who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 6' 6", 190 lb., he bats and throws left handed.
Entering 2013, Owens is ranked as the best eight prospect in the Red Sox organization and ranks 77th in the MLB.com Top 100 Prospects list. He features a 91-93 mph fastball and a 77-80 mph changeup which combines with his low-70s curveball.
Owens was selected by the Boston Red Sox in the first round (36th overall) of the 2011 draft out of Edison High School in Huntington Beach, California.
He earned the Cal-Hi Sports Mr. Baseball State Player of the Year Award in 2011, after posting a 12-1 record with a 1.15 earned run average and three saves, while striking out 140 batters in 91⅔ innings of work. He also was named a 2011 Louisville Slugger High School All-American and earned 2011 Sunset League Pitcher of the Year honors for the second consecutive year.
Owens made his professional debut in 2012 with Class A Greenville Drive, sporting a 12-5 record and a 4.87 ERA in 23 games, including 130 strikeouts and 47 walks in 101⅔ innings. In addition, he finished fourth in the South Atlantic League for the most strikeouts, while tying for fourth in wins.
Owens was promoted to Class A Advanced Salem Red Sox in 2013. On July 17, he struck out a season-high tying 10 in six inning, while combining with Matty Ott (two) and Matt Price (one) to deliver the first no-hitter in franchise history in a 6–0 win over the Frederick Keys. Overall, he posted an 8-5 record and a 2.92 ERA over 20 starts for Salem, including a hitless streak of 19⅓ innings, gaining a promotion to Double A Portland Sea Dogs on July 31.
Upon promotion to Portland, Owens was lights-out in six starts, going 3-1 with a 1.78 ERA, striking out 46 in just 30⅓ innings. He was a Carolina League All-Star, as well as SoxProspects.com's 2013 Pitcher of the Year and made the Baseball America Minor League All-Star Team.
Travis Shaw.
Travis R. Shaw (born April 16, 1990) is a first baseman who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 6' 4", 225 lb., he bats left handed and throws right handed.
A slugging All-Star first baseman, Travis Shaw is the son of former major league pitcher Jeff Shaw.
Shaw was selected by the Boston Red Sox in the ninth round of the 2011 draft out of Kent State University in Kent, Ohio. He batted a .307 average with a Mid-American Conference-leading 14 home runs while playing 62 games for Kent in 2011. He also posted a .553 of slugging and 51 runs batted in, being named to the first team All-MAC in 2011 and the second team in 2010.
He made his professional debut in 2011 with Class A Greenville Drive, batting .333 in two games before gaining a promotion to Class A- Lowell Spinners, leading them in RBI (36) and ending second in doubles (14), home runs (8) and runs scored (34). On July 2 of that season, he set a team record for the most total bases (12) in a single game, after going 4-for-4 with a homer, three doubles and two walks, driving in five runs while scoring three times.
Shaw opened 2012 with Class A+ Salem and was promoted to Double A Portland early in August, being named to the Carolina League mid-season All-Star team. He finished the year among the five best Red Sox minor leaguers, ranking second both in RBI (85) and OPS (.918), fourth in slugging (.519), and tying for second in on-base percentage (.399) and for fourth in home runs (19). He returned to Portland in 2013.
Blake Swihart.
Blake Aubry Swihart (born April 3, 1992) is a professional baseball catcher who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system.
The Red Sox drafted Swihart in the first round (26th overall) of the 2011 MLB Draft out of V. Sue Cleveland High School in New Mexico, becoming the highest-drafted player out of New Mexico since Shane Andrews in 1990.
Prior to the 2012 season, "Baseball America" rated Swihart the 72nd best prospect in baseball. He batted .602 (56-for-93) with 17 doubles, five triples, five homers, 41 RBIs and 58 runs scored in 28 games as a high school senior, being named to the Class 5A North All-Star squad by the New Mexico High School Coaches Association. He also played for the USA Baseball 18-Under National Team in 2010 and led his team with a .448 average, earning Louisville Slugger All-American honors and playing in the 2010 Aflac All-American High School Baseball Classic.
Swihart played briefly for the GCL Red Sox in 2011, gaining consecutive promotions to Class A Greenville Drive in 2012 and Class A+ Salem Red Sox in 2013. He is currently the 10th highest-ranked prospect in the Red Sox organization.
José Vinicio.
José Vinicio (born July 10, 1993) is a Dominican professional shortstop who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 5-11, 150 lb., he is a switch-hitter and throws right handed.
Vinicio was signed by the Red Sox as an international free agent on July 13, 2009. He debuted with the Gulf Coast League Red Sox in 2010, playing for them two seasons. In 2011 he topped the GCL in games (50), hits (52) and stolen bases (19), while ranking second in at-bats (179), third in runs scored (22) and RBIs (18) and fourth in triples (5). He also led GCL shortstops in chances (297), putouts (107), assists (161) and double plays (25), gaining a promotion to Class A- Lowell in 2012, his first year of full-season ball. He was hindered by shoulder and knee injuries and finished the year in mid-August, batting .264 and stealing 24 bases in just 71 games.
He spent 2013 at Class A Greenville.
Kolbrin Vitek.
Kolbrin Daniel Vitek (born August 13, 1988) is a professional baseball third baseman in the Boston Red Sox organization. Listed at 6' 2", 195 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
The Red Sox selected Vitek in the first round (20th overall) of the 2010 draft out of Ball State University. In 2009, he won Triple Crown honors in the GLSCL, after hitting a .400 average with six home runs and 38 runs batted in. Then, in 2010 was named Mid-American Conference Player of the Year after leading the league in runs scored and ranking second in home runs and third in RBIs and total bases as a junior. In addition, he made the Louisville Slugger first team while pacing the BS Cardinals in batting (.361), slugging (.691) and doubles (20). He also made 17 pitching appearances, including 13 starts, and was second in the MAC with a 3.28 ERA, going 3-4 with three saves and 60 strikeouts, being also a finalist for the 2010 Golden Spikes Award, which was won by Bryce Harper.
Vitek made his professional debut in 2010, spending most of the season with Class A- Lowell, leading the team in slugging percentage and OPS while finishing second in batting, on-base percentage, runs scored, triples, walks and stolen bases. Promoted to A+ Salem in 2011, he ranked second in the Carolina League in runs (78) and eighth in batting (.281). In 2012, he gained a promotion to AA Portland but had to spend considerable time on the disabled list, batting just .244 in 45 games. He opened 2013 with Portland.
Christian Vázquez.
Christian Rafael Vázquez [vahs'-kays] (born August 21, 1990) is a Puerto Rican catcher who plays in the Boston Red Sox minor league system. Listed at 5' 9", 195 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
Since coming out of the Puerto Rico Baseball Academy, Vázquez has established his credits as a strong defensive catcher. He has thrown out 35 percent of would-be basestealers thus far during his five-season career, using his solid throwing arm with a fast release and accuracy. He started to bat with authority in 2011, when he hit .283 with 18 home runs and 84 RBI in 105 games for Class A Greenville. In 2012, he batted a combined .254 for A+ Salem and AA Portland, compiling a .986 Fld% while retiring a 40% of potential base stealers (49-for-122).
Vázquez opened 2013 with Portland. He is currently the 16th highest-ranked prospect in the Red Sox organization, according to MLB.com, and was added to the 40-man roster.

</doc>
<doc id="19762196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762196" title="Józef Kupny">
Józef Kupny

Józef Piotr Kupny (born 23 February 1956) is a Polish Catholic priest, current archbishop of Wrocław, was auxiliary bishop of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Katowice (2006-2013).
Józef Kupny is also a sociologist, had lectured in several universities in Poland (primarily in Sielsia) and is an author of various sociologist publications. He is primarily interested in sociology of religion and ethics.

</doc>
<doc id="19762199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762199" title="Remo Sync">
Remo Sync

RemoSync (also named as Corporate Email on Verizon) is a mobile application that provides corporate email, calendar and contact synchronization for mobile phones capable of running BREW applications. Conceived as a low-cost alternative to BlackBerry or iPhone devices, RemoSync is currently available on the Verizon wireless network.
RemoSync 3.0 and later versions are named as Corporate Email by Verizon Wireless. RemoSync and 'Corporate Email' refers to same product. 
RemoSync team released a new version 4.0 in May 2010. The first device that has 4.0 is Samsung Reality SCH-U820. RemoSync 4.0 is available on multiple handsets. 
RemoSync was developed by Remoba, Inc., a software firm in Hayward, California. Remoba earlier was located at Santa Clara, California. Relocated to Hayward in 2009 Q4.
RemoSync or Corporate Email releases.
Corporate Email 4.0.
Corporate Email 4.0 is officially released in May 2010. This version brings significant changes compared to earlier release 3.0. This product virtually supports emails from all major email solution providers.
Uses Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync to sync email, contacts & calendar from Microsoft Exchange Server, IBM Lotus Notes and Zimbra. For Google account uses ActiveSync to sync contacts and calendar, whereas email is synced using IMAP Push. This version supports IMAP push.
Some key changes are:
Notable devices on Verizon using RemoSync (or Corporate Email).
For complete list check the Verizon pages for 'RemoSync' and 'Corporate Email' on reference section.

</doc>
<doc id="19762200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762200" title="Tampa Bay Rays minor league players">
Tampa Bay Rays minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Tampa Bay Rays system:
Matt Andriese.
Matthew Lee Andriese (born August 28, 1989) is an American professional baseball pitcher in Minor League Baseball. He is a member of the Tampa Bay Rays organization.
Andriese attended Redlands East Valley High School, where he played for the school's baseball team along with Tyler Chatwood. He was selected by the Texas Rangers in the 37th round of the 2008 MLB Draft, but did not sign with Texas. He enrolled at the University of California, Riverside, to play college baseball for the UC Riverside Highlanders baseball team.
The San Diego Padres selected Andriese in the third round of the 2011 MLB Draft. He signed with the Padres, and pitched for the Lake Elsinore Storm of the Class A-Advanced California League in 2012. He had a strong performance with the San Antonio Missions of the Class AA Texas League in 2013, and was promoted to the Tucson Padres of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League during the season.
On January 22, 2014, the Padres traded Andriese, Logan Forsythe, Brad Boxberger, Matt Lollis, and Maxx Tissenbaum to the Tampa Bay Rays in exchange for Alex Torres and Jesse Hahn.
Vince Belnome.
Vincent Belnome (born March 11, 1988) is a professional baseball player in the Tampa Bay Rays organization. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Cole Figueroa.
Stephen Coleman Figueroa (born June 30, 1987) is a professional baseball player in the Tampa Bay Rays organization. He was the starting shortstop for University of Florida during his college career, and was drafted by San Diego Padres in the sixth round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft.
Figueroa is the son of Cindy and Bien Figueroa. His father Bien Figueroa is a former major leaguer with the St. Louis Cardinals.
He played for Lincoln High School, where he helped take the team to the District 4A Championship. Figueroa played college baseball at The University of Florida for coach Kevin O'Sullivan while majoring in Sports Management.
Figueroa's college achievements included All SEC Freshman Team the SEC all-academic team. Figueroa was also named freshman All-American by rivals.com, Louisville Slugger, and Baseball America. He was selected to the Dick Howser Trophy watch list.
In 2008, Figueroa was named to the All-SEC academic team. He was named a Golden Spikes Award finalist along with being named to the midseason watch list for the Brooks Wallace Award. Figueroa led the Gators that year in average, home runs, RBI, Slugging percentage and on-base percentage. Figueroa also played two season in the Prestiges Cape Cod League, 2007 (Harwich) where he was named an all star and 2008 (Orleans) Figueroa was drafted in the 6th round in the 2008 MLB Draft by the San Diego Padres. Figueroa signed an over slot 400,000 dollar contract with the Padres on July 5, 2008.
The Padres traded Figueroa to the Tampa Bay Rays in exchange for SS Jason Bartlett along with Brandon Gomes, Cesar Ramos and Adam Russell on December 17, 2010.
Marqius Fleming.
Marquis Deshun Fleming (born September 11, 1988) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the Tampa Bay Rays organization.
Fleming attended California State University, Stanislaus, where he played for the college baseball team. In 2008, he was named a Second Team All-American by the American Baseball Coaches Association, West Region Pitcher of the Year by the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association, California Collegiate Athletic Association Pitcher of the Year, and Cal State Stanislaus co-male athlete of the year.
The Rays drafted Fleming in the 24th round of the 2008 MLB Draft. The Rays assigned Fleming to the Arizona Fall League in 2011 and invited him to spring training in 2012, though he did not make the team.
Taylor Guerrieri.
Christopher Taylor Guerrieri (born December 1, 1992 in Columbia, South Carolina) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the Tampa Bay Rays organization.
Guerrieri was drafted by the Rays in the first round (24th overall) of the 2011 MLB Draft. He signed with the Rays, receiving a $1.6 million signing bonus.
Before the 2012 season, MLB.com rated Guerrieri as the 99th best prospect in baseball. He started the 2013 season with a 6-2 win-loss record and a 2.01 earned run average in 14 games started with the Bowling Green Hot Rods of the Class A Midwest League. He underwent Tommy John surgery on July 24, 2013. He received a 50 game suspension after the 2013 season, which he can serve while rehabilitating from surgery, for using a substance of abuse.
Braulio Lara.
Braulio Armando Lara (born December 20, 1988) is a Dominican professional baseball player for the Tampa Bay Rays organization.
The Miami Marlins selected Lara from the Rays in the 2012 Rule 5 draft, but returned him to the Rays before the 2013 season.
Hak-Ju Lee.
Hak-Ju Lee (born November 4, 1990) is a South Korean professional baseball shortstop in the Tampa Bay Rays organization.
Lee was signed out of South Korea by the Chicago Cubs in May 2008 at age 17, receiving a signing bonus of $1.15 million. He made his debut in the Cubs system for the Class-A Boise Hawks in 2009 after recovering from Tommy John surgery.
Lee played for the World team in the 2010 All-Star Futures Game, going 1-for-2 with a single, and making a fielding error. He was ranked by Baseball America as the fourth-best prospect in the Cubs' system going into 2011.
On January 7, 2011, Lee was traded to the Tampa Bay Rays along with fellow prospects Chris Archer, Brandon Guyer, Robinson Chirinos and Cubs outfielder Sam Fuld for pitcher Matt Garza, outfielder Fernando Perez and minor league pitcher Zac Rosscup. Lee played for the World team for the second time in the 2011 All-Star Futures Game, going 0-2 with a strikeout.
He was optioned to AAA Durham on 3/15/13
Lee finished his 2011 season with the Charlotte Stone Crabs, leading the team in AVG (.318) and SLG (.443)
In late April 2013, while playing with the Durham Bulls he tore multiple knee ligaments and will miss the remainder of the season.
Matt Lollis.
Matthew Casey Lollis (born September 11, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Tampa Bay Rays organization.
Lollis attended Riverside Community College. The San Diego Padres selected him in the 15th round of the 2009 MLB Draft, and signed him to a $100,000 signing bonus.
On January 22, 2014, the Padres traded Lollis, Logan Forsythe, Brad Boxberger, Matt Andriese, and Maxx Tissenbaum to the Tampa Bay Rays in exchange for Alex Torres and Jesse Hahn.
C. J. Riefenhauser.
Charles J. Riefenhauser (born January 30, 1990) is a minor league baseball relief pitcher currently in the Tampa Bay Rays organization.
C.J. was drafted in the 20th round of the 2010 First-Year Player Draft out of Chipola Junior College. That year he played for the Princeton Rays and the Bowling Green Hot Rods, and recorded a combined ERA of 2.25 with only 28.0 IP. In the 2011 season he played for both the Hot Rods and the Charlotte Stone Crabs with an ERA of 2.80 and 138.1 IP.
Riefenhausern represented the Rays at the 2013 All-Star Futures Game. He was added to the Rays 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Josh Sale.
Josh Sale is a Minor league baseball player, currently in the Tampa Bay Rays organization. He was the Rays first pick, taken 17th overall in the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft. Sale was drafted out of Bishop Blanchet High School in Seattle, Washington.
During his senior year Sale batted .520 with 5 home runs, 6 doubles, and drove in 20 runs. He walked 27 times due to opposing pitchers fearing he would hit the ball out of the park. Sale led Washington state with 13 home runs as a junior.
On June 7, 2010, the Rays announced that they had selected Sale in the first round. Sale was one of three Seattle area players selected by the Rays in the first three rounds of the draft, the others being Drew Vettleson and Ryan Brett.
In August 2012, Sale was suspended for fifty games for the use of stimulants.
On May 29, 2013, the Rays suspended Sale for conduct detrimental to the organization regarding an incident involving a post on Facebook regarding a visit to a strip club. 

</doc>
<doc id="19762201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762201" title="Manuel Villegas Piñateli">
Manuel Villegas Piñateli

Manuel Villegas Piñateli was member of the Royal Spanish Academy from 1714 to 15 October 1752.
Piñateli was a secretary at the Captaincy General of Galicia, secretary to King Charles II of Spain, and to King Philip V of Spain. 
He was listed as a "language authority" in the first 18th century edition of the Official Spanish Language Dictionary. In 1736, Piñateli's two-volume work on Russia was published, entitled "Historia de Moscovia y vida de sus zares, con una descripción de todo el imperio, su gobierno, religión, costumbres y genio de sus naturales". Madrid, Imprenta del convento de la Merced), 2 vols (1736).
In the book he talks about the travels by Jesuit father Antonio Possevino (born 1534, Ferrara, Italy; died February 26, 1611) acting as papal legate circa 1580. Possevino was the first Jesuit to visit Moscow, and was vicar general of Sweden, Denmark and the northern islands, Muscovy, Livonia, Rus, Hungary, Pomerania, Saxony from 1578. 
Piñateli was buried at the Chapel of the Christ of Burgos in the Church of San Nicolás, Madrid. 

</doc>
<doc id="19762221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762221" title="Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Germany participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, as confirmed by German broadcaster Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR).
The group Alex Swings Oscar Sings was internally selected to represent Germany at Eurovision, and will perform "Miss Kiss Kiss Bang" for Germany at the contest.
Internal selection.
For the 2009 German national final Thomas Hermanns had confirmed that he would step down as a host. This also started rumours that the German national final for 2009 would feature some changes. Ralph Siegel, composer for 14 German entries in the contest (including the first German winner "Ein bißchen Frieden"), as well as 4 Luxembourgish and one Swiss, has expressed his interest in taking part in the German national final another time.
After rumours in December 2008 that NDR were on the verge of releasing the finalists for the 2009 German national final, NDR officially announced that they would be hosting an internal selection for the 2009 contest, with an open call of songs being held by the broadcaster until 22 January. As such, no televised national selection was held in Germany for the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest.
On 9 February NDR revealed that they had internally selected Alex Swings Oscar Sings to represent Germany at Eurovision. The group, composed of Alex Christensen and Oscar Loya, performed "Miss Kiss Kiss Bang" at the contest. American burlesque model Dita von Teese joined Alex and Oscar on stage.
At Eurovision.
Germany automatically pre-qualified for the final of the contest as one of the "Big Four". 
Due to illness Peter Urban could not make it to Moscow to commentate for Germany and was replaced by Tim Frühling (who was the radio commentator for Germany) whilst television presenter and singer Ina Müller provided the radio commentary. The country voted in the first semi-final as decided during the semi-final allocation draw. The country finished 20th with 35 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19762222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762222" title="2001 Orlando Miracle season">
2001 Orlando Miracle season

The 2001 WNBA season was their 3rd in the league. The Miracle missed the playoffs for the second time in franchise history. The Miracle also hosted the 2001 WNBA All-Star Game.

</doc>
<doc id="19762225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762225" title="Otte akkorder">
Otte akkorder

Otte akkorder is a 1944 Danish family film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Erling Schroeder.

</doc>
<doc id="19762245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762245" title="Christine Roque">
Christine Roque

Christine Roque (born on June 7, 1965, in Toulouse, France) is a French singer and a one-hit wonder for her 1987 hit single "Premiers frissons d'amour".
Biography.
After being a classical dance teacher, she decided to go to Paris to begin a music career. Her first single, "Premiers frissons d'amour", was written by Corinne Sinclair, and achieved Silver status in France and hit #10 on the SNEP chart. Roque gained a price for her performance during the festival in Bordeaux. The years after, she released "Jérémy", "Rêves impudiques" et "Sale menteur", which were unsuccessful. She has two sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="19762259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762259" title="Martha M. Foster">
Martha M. Foster

Martha M. Foster is the founder and executive director of Living Earth Television(LETV), a Chicago-based nonprofit organization that develops programming from documentaries made by international filmmakers. Foster began LETV in 2002.
In September 2010, Living Earth Television's first broadcast appeared on LinkTV. LETV's newly released English language version of an award-winning documentary from Chinese producer Zhang Yiqing, "Kindergarten", was featured on LinkTV's DocDebut site. 
In June 2009, Foster was invited to participate in the U.S. Department of State Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs' American Documentary Showcase, a touring initiative that features U.S. documentaries and is administered by the University Film and Video Association (UFVA) in partnership with the International Documentary Association (IDA). The program debuted in the Czech Republic and Poland in April 2009 and traveled to nearly 30 countries in 2009, including Iraq, Kenya and Vietnam. In September and October 2009, Foster traveled to Singapore and Myanmar as a Documentary Expert with the Showcase. In December 2010, Foster traveled to China with the Showcase, to exhibit American documentaries in Nanjing, Guangzhou and Beijing. 
Following her visit to Myanmar, Foster and LETV facilitated the broadcast of three international environmental films on Myanmar State Television, at the request of the Myanmar Ministry of Information, working in cooperation with the US Embassy in Yangon. These programs began broadcasting in Myanmar in September 2010. 
Foster has worked for the Smithsonian Institution, the Chicago Field Museum and Chicago Public Television and has won five regional Emmy awards, some shared with other colleagues . She was selected as an "Influential Woman in Business" by the National Association of Women Business Owners in 2003.
She has acted in conjunction with universities, museums and festivals in the United States and abroad for nearly 30 years. In 2008, she served as a judge for the Jade Kunlun Awards-2008 World Mountain Documentary Festival of Qinghai, China.
Foster's continuing relationship with Chinese documentary television professionals began in 1997, when professor Ren Yuan of the Beijing Broadcasting Institute (now the Communication University of China) brought Chinese documentaries to show at the Windy City International Documentary Festival in Chicago, which Foster founded and directed.
Foster was invited to visit China in 1999 to lecture to documentary production professionals at universities and television stations in five cities. In 2001 and 2003, she also served as a juror for the Gold Panda social and cultural documentary awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19762274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762274" title="Dabo Swinney">
Dabo Swinney

William Christopher "Dabo" Swinney (born November 20, 1969) is an American football college coach and former player. He is currently the head coach at Clemson.
Playing career.
Swinney was raised in Helena, Alabama, and attended the University of Alabama, where he joined the Crimson Tide football program as a walk-on wide receiver in 1989. He earned a scholarship and lettered on three teams (1990–1992), including the Crimson Tide's 1992 National Championship team. During his time as an undergraduate at Alabama, Swinney was twice named an Academic All-SEC and SEC Scholar Athlete Honor Roll member. He received his degree in commerce & business administration in 1993 as well as a master's degree in business administration from Alabama in 1995.
Coaching career.
Alabama.
In December 1995 he received his M.B.A from Alabama and became a full-time coach for the Crimson Tide, in charge of wide receivers and tight ends. He was fired with all of head coach Mike DuBose's staff in early 2001.
Swinney sat out the 2001 season while receiving his contractual payments from Alabama. His former strength coach at Alabama, Rich Wingo, had become president of Birmingham-based AIG Baker Real Estate and offered him a job. From April 2001 through February 2003, he did not coach and instead worked for AIG Baker Real Estate on development projects in Alabama.
Clemson.
In 2002, his former position coach at Alabama, Tommy Bowden, made an offer for him to join his staff and coach wide receivers at Clemson, and Swinney joined in 2003. He took over as Recruiting Coordinator from popular longtime coordinator Rick Stockstill. Swinney proved to be both an excellent wide receivers coach as well as recruiting coordinator, coaching ACC-leading receivers and being named one of the nation's top 25 recruiters in 2007 by Rivals.com.
Swinney was named the interim head football coach on October 13, 2008, after previous head coach Tommy Bowden resigned six games into the 2008 season. The Tigers had started the year ranked #9 in the preseason polls, but then went 3–3 (1–2 ACC) in their first six games. Swinney was surprised by his promotion since he had been a real estate developer just a few years before; at the time he was informed he was working with the wide receivers on their upcoming game.
With a reputation as a top-notch recruiter, Swinney was chosen over Clemson defensive coordinator Vic Koenning (former head coach of Wyoming), and associate head coach Brad Scott (former head coach of South Carolina). Swinney's first actions as interim head coach were to fire offensive coordinator Rob Spence and introduce a new tradition, the "Tiger Walk", where all players and coaches walk through the parking lot outside Memorial Stadium about two hours before a game as they head inside for final game preparations. On November 1, 2008, Swinney claimed his first victory as the Tigers' head coach by defeating Boston College, breaking Clemson's six-game losing streak against the Eagles. On November 29, 2008, Swinney coached Clemson to a 31–14 win over South Carolina in the annual rivalry game, after which Clemson became bowl eligible. After a vote of confidence from athletic director Terry Don Phillips, Swinney was formally named as Clemson's 27th head coach on December 1, 2008.
Swinney's recruiting reputation became evident when he produced five top-20 ESPN recruiting classes in a row, including top 10 classes in 2011 and 2012. As a result, Clemson is one of only 10 schools to be ranked in the top 20 of recruiting five years in a row (along with LSU, Alabama, Texas, USC, Florida, Georgia, Florida State, Ohio State and Oklahoma), and Swinney is one of only five active head coaches to ever accomplish the feat, putting him on par with prestigious names such as Nick Saban, Les Miles, Bob Stoops, and Mark Richt.
During the 2009 season, Swinney's first full season at the helm, Clemson finished the season with a record of 9–5, won the Atlantic Division title of the Atlantic Coast Conference, defeated Kentucky 21–13 in the 2009 Music City Bowl, and finished the season ranked in the top 25. On December 1, 2008, Swinney received a five-year contract to become Clemson's full-time head coach.
In 2010, Swinney led Clemson to a 6–7 season. Of the 7 losses, 6 were by less than 10 points and 5 were by 6 points or less.
In 2011, Swinney led the Tigers to an 10–3 record that included an ACC Championship, the Tigers' first since 1991. They earned a trip to the Orange Bowl, their first major-bowl appearance since the 1981 national championship season. During a pre-game ESPN interview prior to the 2012 Orange Bowl, Swinney said, "Hopefully when this thing is over, people are going to be talking about the Clemson defense." The comment proved to be prescient as #15 Clemson would go on to lose to the #23 West Virginia Mountaineers, 70–33, conceding an all-time record number of points scored in a quarter (35), half (49) and game (70) in the 109-year history of bowl games. Defensive coordinator Kevin Steele was fired after the game.
Part of Swinney's success the past three years was the 2011 offensive coordinator hire of Chad Morris, who was originally seen as a risk as most of his coaching experience had been on the high school level. Morris brought in a fast-paced, up-tempo offense that shattered many Clemson offensive records. Since then, Clemson's offense has averaged over 40 points a game and over 500 yards of total offense a game.
Swinney was the 2011 winner of the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award, which was established to honor the NCAA Division 1 football coach whose team excels on the field, in the classroom, and in the community. The award is named for Bobby Dodd, longtime head football coach of the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets. The award was established in 1976 to honor the values that Dodd exemplified.
In 2012, Swinney led Clemson to its first 11-win season since the 1981 national championship year, capping the year off with an upset victory over the #8 LSU Tigers in the Chick-fil-A Bowl. The Tigers finished the year at 11-2, ranked 9th in the Coaches Poll and 11th in the AP poll. Swinney was a finalist for the third time in his career for the Liberty Mutual National Coach of the Year.
In 2013, Swinney guided the Tigers to their third 10-win season in a row, the first time since 1989. The highlight regular-season win came against #5 Georgia in the season opener. The Tigers won 38-35. Clemson's two regular season losses were to top 10 opponents, national champion Florida State and South Carolina. The 31-17 loss to the rival Gamecocks was a record fifth straight for the Tigers, the longest winning streak for South Carolina in the series. The completion of the season marked 32 wins over three years for Swinney, the most ever in such a span in Clemson football history. The Tigers received their second BCS bowl bid under Swinney with an invitation to play seventh-ranked Ohio State in the 2014 Orange Bowl. The Tigers defeated the Buckeyes 40-35 to give the Tigers' their third Orange Bowl win in their history and their first BCS bowl victory. The 2013 season marked the first time Clemson had back-to-back 11-win seasons. After the game, Swinney recalled the Tigers' lopsided loss two years before in the Orange Bowl and the team's journey since then. "Hey, listen: Two years ago we got our butts kicked on this field. And it has been a journey to get back. We're 22-4 since that night. And we are the first team from the state of South Carolina to ever win a BCS game," Swinney said. The win was Swinney's fourth victory over a top ten opponent as a head coach. The Tigers finished the season ranked in the top 10 in both polls (#8 in AP, #7 in Coaches), the first such achievement for Swinney as head coach.
Following the season, Swinney agreed to eight-year, $27.15 million contract and guaranteed if Swinney was fired in the next three years.
Personal.
Swinney's nickname was given to him as an infant by his parents when his then-18-month-old brother would try to enunciate "that boy" when referring to Swinney. He married the former Kathleen Bassett in 1994 and has three sons.
While in college at the University of Alabama, Swinney was a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity.

</doc>
<doc id="19762301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762301" title="While the Attorney Is Asleep">
While the Attorney Is Asleep

While the Attorney Is Asleep () is a 1945 Danish crime film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Gunnar Lauring.

</doc>
<doc id="19762316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762316" title="Chicago White Sox minor league players">
Chicago White Sox minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Chicago White Sox organizations and rosters of their affiliates:
Keon Barnum.
Keon Barnum (born January 16, 1993) is an American professional baseball first baseman in the Chicago White Sox organization. He currently plays for the Class A Kannapolis Intimidators.
Barnum was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 1st round (48th overall) of the 2012 MLB Draft out of King High School in Tampa, Florida. He started his career in 2012 with the rookie level Bristol White Sox. He finished the 2012 season hitting .279 in 43 at-bats with 3 HRs, 1 2B and 8 RBI. Before the start of the 2013 season, Barnum was ranked as the White Sox #8 prospect. Barnum spent the 2013 season with Class A Kannapolis Intimidators. He finished the 2013 season batting .254 in 201 at bats, 13 2Bs, 1 3B, 5 HRs, 26 RBI, 19 BBs and 65 Ks.
Chris Beck.
Christopher Michael Beck (born September 4, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago White Sox organization. He currently plays for the Double-A Birmingham Barons.
Beck was originally drafted out of high school in the 35th round of the 2009 MLB Draft by the Cleveland Indians but choose not to sign and attend college. He attended Georgia Southern University and was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 2nd round of the 2012 MLB Draft. Beck started his career with the rookie level Great Falls Voyagers in 2012. He finished the 2012 season with a record of 4-3 in 15 games (6 starts), innings, 4.69 ERA, 51 hits, 12 walks and 36 strikeouts. For the 2013 season, Beck was ranked as the White Sox #12 prospect. Beck started the 2013 season with Class A-Advanced Winston-Salem Dash but was promoted to Double-A Birmingham Barons late in the season. Beck finished the 2013 season with a combined record of 13-10 in 26 games (26 starts), innings, 3.07 ERA, 143 hits, 45 walks and 79 strikeouts.
Brandon Brennan.
Brandon S. Brennan (born July 26, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago White Sox organization. He currently plays for the Class A Kannapolis Intimidators.
Brennan was originally drafted out of high school in the 40th round of the 2010 MLB Draft by the Colorado Rockies but choose not to sign and attend college. He attended Orange Coast College and was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 4th round of the 2012 MLB Draft. Brennan started his career with the rookie level Great Falls Voyagers in 2012. He finished the 2012 season with a record of 3-2 in 14 games (7 starts), innings, 4.34 ERA, 44 hits, 16 walks and 31 strikeouts. For the 2013 season, Brennan was ranked as the White Sox #13 prospect. Brennan moved up to Class A Kannapolis Intimidators for the 2013 season. He spent most of the season dealing with injuries and finished the 2013 season with a record of 4-9 in 15 games (15 starts), innings, 5.53 ERA, 99 hits, 27 walks and 54 strikeouts.
Frank De Los Santos.
Frank Manuel Cortorreal De Los Santos (born November 17, 1987) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago White Sox organization.
The Tampa Bay Rays added De Los Santos to their 40-man roster after the 2012 season. He was traded to the Chicago White Sox on September 21, 2013 for cash or a player to named later.
Courtney Hawkins.
Courtney James Hawkins (born November 12, 1993) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Chicago White Sox organization. He currently plays for the High-A Winston-Salem Dash.
Hawkins attended Mary Carroll High School in Corpus Christi, Texas. As a senior he was the Texas Gatorade High School Baseball Player of the Year. He was the fifth ranked high school recruit in his class by ESPN and was committed to University of Texas at Austin.
Hawkins was drafted by the Chicago White Sox with the 13th overall pick of the first round in the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft.
Hawkins started his career with the rookie-level Bristol White Sox of the Appalachian League. In 38 games he hit .272/.314/.401 with three home runs and 16 runs batted in. On August 12, 2012, he was promoted to the Low-A Kannapolis Intimidators of the South Atlantic League. He hit .308/.352/.631 with four home runs and 15 runs batted in 16 games. He ended the season with the High-A Winston-Salem Dash after he was promoted on August 29, 2012. Overall he finished his first season hitting .284/.324/.480 with eight home runs and 33 runs batted in 59 games. Hawkins was ranked the White Sox #1 prospect at the start of the 2013 season. He was also ranked as the #55 ranked prospect in baseball according to Baseball America and #68 by MLB.com. Hawkins struggled in his first full season of professional baseball. He spent the whole 2013 season with Class A-Advanced Winston-Salem Dash batting .178 in 383 at bats, 16 2Bs, 3 3Bs, 19 HRs, 62 RBI, 29 BBs, 160 Ks and 10 SBs.
Micah Johnson.
Micah D. Johnson (born December 18, 1990) is an American professional baseball second baseman in the Chicago White Sox organization. He currently plays for the Class A-Advanced Winston-Salem Dash.
Johnson played college baseball at the Indiana University Bloomington. He was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 9th round of the 2012 MLB Draft. He started his career in 2012 with the rookie level Great Falls Voyagers. He finished the 2012 season hitting .273 in 271 at-bats with, 10 2Bs, 5 3Bs, 4 HRs, 25 RBI and 19 SBs. Johnson was moved up to Class A Kannapolis Intimidators for the start of the 2013 season. There he hit .342 in 304 at-bats with 17 2Bs, 11 3Bs, 6 HRs, 42 RBI and 61 SBs. Due to his stellar play in the first half of the 2013 season, Johnson was promoted to Class A-Advanced Winston-Salem Dash and then Double-A Birmingham Barons for the final week of the season. Johnson finished the 2013 season hitting a combined .312 in 536 at bats, 24 2Bs, 15 3Bs, 7 HRs, 58 RBI, 50 BBs, 98 Ks and 84 SBs.
Mike McDade.
Michael McDade (born May 8, 1989) is an American professional baseball first baseman who is in the Chicago White Sox organization.
McDade was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the sixth round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft out of Silverado High School.
McDade was added to the Blue Jays 40 man roster on November 18, 2011. McDade started the 2012 season with the New Hampshire Fisher Cats. He was promoted to the Las Vegas 51s on July 30 when David Cooper was promoted to the Blue Jays.
McDade was designated for assignment on November 20, 2012. He was claimed off waivers by the Cleveland Indians on November 30.
McDade was claimed off waivers by the Chicago White Sox and added to their 40-man roster on May 7, 2013. He was optioned to Triple-A Charlotte. McDade finished the 2013 season batting .250 in 428 at bats, 22 2Bs, 10 HRs, 53 RBI, 36 BBs and 120 Ks between Columbus and Charlotte.
Erik Morrison.
Erik Morrison (born October 23, 1985 in Hanover, Indiana) is a Minor League Baseball second baseman who is currently in the Chicago White Sox organization.
Erik Morrison was signed by the Texas Rangers in the 46th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball player draft. He attended college at Kansas University, where he was a four-year starter. He played both shortstop and third base at Kansas. In 2007 he was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates, but elected to return to KU for his senior campaign. He completed his Jayhawk career with a .279 average, 31 home runs and 171 RBIs.
Morrison started his professional career in 2008 with the rookie league AZL Rangers and the High-A Bakersfield Blaze. In 49 combined games in 2008, Morrison finished with a .267 average, 5 home runs and 21 RBI. In 2009, Morrison played at three different levels (Class A Hickory Crawdads, Class A-Advanced Bakersfield and Double-A Frisco RoughRiders). In 2009, Harrison hit a combined .296 average, 35 doubles, 19 home runs, 68 RBI and 11 stolen bases in 105 games. Morrison spent all of 2010 at High-A Bakersfield where he hit .242, 13 home runs and 45 RBI in 83 games. In 2011, Morrison only played in one game with Double-A Fresno due to injuries. In January 2012, Morrison was released by the Rangers. He then signed with the White Sox and was assigned to Double-A Birmingham Barons. Morrison had a solid bounce back year hitting .271, 6 home runs and 42 RBI in 84 games.
Erik is currently represented by Platinum Sports and Entertainment.
Carlos Sánchez.
Yolmer Carlos Sánchez (born June 29, 1992) is a Venezuelan professional baseball player. He plays in minor league baseball for the Chicago White Sox organization.
Sánchez signed with the White Sox as an international free agent in 2009. He played in the Dominican Summer League (DSL) for the DSL White Sox in 2009 and 2010. The next season, he split the year between the Bristol White Sox of the Rookie-level Appalachian League and the Kannapolis Intimidators of the Class A South Atlantic League, finishing the year with a .286 batting average with 30 runs batted in and 48 runs scored in 68 games. During the 2012 season Sánchez moved quickly through the White Sox system. He started the season with Class A-Advanced Winston-Salem then moved to Double-A Birmingham Barons and then eventually Triple-A Charlotte Knights. He was named to appear in the 2012 All-Star Futures Game while playing for the Winston-Salem Dash of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League. Sánchez hit a combined .323, 169 hits, 1 home run, 25 doubles, 7 triples, 79 runs, 56 RBI, 26 stolen bases in 133 games. The White Sox invited Sánchez to spring training as a non-roster invitee in 2013 and ranked as the White Sox #4 prospect. Sánchez spent the entire 2013 season at Triple-A Charlotte where he batted .241 in 432 at bats, 50 Runs, 20 2Bs, 2 3B, 0 HRs, 28 RBI, 29 BBs, 76 Ks and 16 SBs.
Sánchez was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Scott Snodgress.
Scott Andrew Snodgress (born September 20, 1989) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago White Sox organization. He currently plays for the Double-A Birmingham Barons.
Snodgress played college baseball at Stanford University and was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 5th round of the 2011 MLB Draft. He started his career in 2011 with the Rookie Level Great Falls Voyagers. He finished the 2011 season a record of 3-3 in 16 games (12 starts), innings, 3.34 ERA, 61 hits, 17 walks and 68 strikeouts. Snodgress started the 2012 season with Class A Kannapolis Intimidators but was later promoted to Class A-Advanced Winston-Salem Dash. He finished the 2012 season with a combined record of 7-3 in 27 games (27 starts), 141 innings, 3.00 ERA, 112 hits, 64 walks and 128 strikeouts. Before the start of the 2013 season, Snodgress was ranked the White Sox #6 prospect. Through the 2013 season at Double-A Birmingham Barons, Snodgress pitched in 26 games (26 starts) with a record of 11-11. In innings of work at Birmingham, Snodgress had a 4.70 ERA, 146 hits, 59 walks and 90 strikeouts.
Trayce Thompson.
Trayce Nikolas Thompson (born March 15, 1991 in Ladera Ranch, California) is a minor league baseball outfielder in the Chicago White Sox organization. He is 6'3" and weighs 195 lbs. He is the son of former NBA player Mychal Thompson. Thompson also has two brothers that have played in the NBA. Mychel played for the Cleveland Cavaliers and currently plays in the NBA Development League for the Santa Cruz Warriors. His other brother, Klay, currently plays in the NBA for the Golden State Warriors.
Thompson was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 2nd round of the 2009 MLB Draft, after attending Santa Margarita Catholic High School. Thompson started his baseball career in 2009 at the Rookie level with the Bristol White Sox and Great Falls Voyagers. In 2009 combined, Thompson hit .198 in 106 at-bats with 3 2Bs, 1 3B, 0 HRs, 10 Runs, 10 RBI, 3 SBs, 7 BBs and 41 Ks. In 2010, Thompson played the whole season at Class A Kannapolis Intimidators. In 2010, Thompson hit .229 in 210 at-bats with 13 2Bs, 3 3Bs, 8 HRs, 28 Runs, 31 RBI, 6 SBs, 21 BBs and 69 Ks. In 2011, Thompson again played the whole season with Kannapolis hitting .241 in 519 at-bats with 24 HRs, 36 2Bs, 2 3Bs, 95 Runs, 87 RBI, 8 SBs, 60 BBs and 172 Ks. In 2012, Thompson moved up to through the White Sox farm system starting at Class A-Advanced Winston-Salem Dash then moved up to Double-A Birmingham Barons and finally Triple-A Charlotte Knights. In 2012, Thompson hit a combined .253 in 517 at-bats with 31 2Bs, 6 3Bs, 25 HRs, 88 Runs, 96 RBI, 21 SBs 55 BBs and 166 Ks. Before the 2013 season, Thompson was ranked the White Sox #2 prospect. Thompson spent the entire 2013 season at Double-A Birmingham where he hit .229 in 507 at bats with 23 2Bs, 5 3Bs, 15 HRs, 78 Runs, 73 RBI, 25 SBs, 60 BBs and 139 Ks.
Thompson was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Keenyn Walker.
Keenyn Tyler Walker (born August 12, 1990 in Salt Lake City, Utah) is a minor league baseball outfielder in the Chicago White Sox organization. He is 6'3" and weighs 195 lbs.
Walker was drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the 16th round of the 2009 MLB Draft, after attending Judge Memorial Catholic High School but did not sign. Walker was drafted again this time by the Philadelphia Phillies in the 38th round of the 2010 MLB Draft but did not sign. Walker was drafted for the third year in a row, by the Chicago White Sox in the 1st round (47th overall) of the 2011 MLB Draft after attending Central Arizona College. Walker started his baseball career in 2011 at the Rookie level with the Great Falls Voyagers and then was promoted to Class A Kannapolis Intimidators. In 2011 combined, Walker hit .257 in 222 at-bats with 8 2Bs, 3 3Bs, 0 HRs, 41 Runs, 24 RBI, 21 BBs, 81 Ks and 21 SBs. In 2012, Walker started the year at Kannapolis but was later promoted to Class A-Advanced Winston-Salem Dash. In 2012 combined, Walker hit .267 in 409 at-bats with 22 2Bs, 6 3Bs, 4 HRs, 84 Runs, 55 RBI, 74 BBs, 143 Ks and 56 SBs. Before the 2013 season, Walker was ranked the White Sox #8 prospect. Walker was promoted to Double-A Birmingham Barons before the start of the 2013 season. Walker spent the entire season there and he batted .201 in 462 at bats with 16 2Bs, 5 3Bs, 3 HRs, 77 Runs, 32 RBI, 69 BBs, 153 Ks and 38 SBs.
Andy Wilkins.
Andy Wilkins (born September 13, 1988 in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma) is a professional baseball player who plays in the Chicago White Sox organization. He bats left-handed and throws right-handed, and primarily plays first base and third base. Wilkins is currently a member of the Birmingham Barons, the Double-A affiliate of the Chicago White Sox.
Wilkins graduated from Broken Arrow Senior High in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma in 2007. During his senior season, he batted .538 with 18 doubles, a triple and 12 home runs. He drove in 53 runs with a .635 on-base percentage and slugged 1.017. Wilkins was twice named to the Oklahoma All-State team, as well as the Louisville Slugger High School All-American team. He was selected by the Texas Rangers in the 25th round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft. He did not sign and decided to attend the University of Arkansas the following year.
While playing for the Razorbacks, Wilkins lettered three times and helped lead the team to the 2009 College World Series, while being named to the all-tournament team and the Norman Regional's Most Outstanding Player. The summer before his junior year, he was named to the USA National Collegiate Baseball team. Later that summer, he also played with the Yarmouth-Dennis Red Sox of the Cape Cod League, where he led the team with 5 home runs and 26 runs batted in.
Wilkins was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the fifth round (158th overall) of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft. He was assigned to play for the Great Falls Voyagers and was named a League post-season all-star team. Wilkins began the 2011 season with the Winston-Salem Dash of the Carolina League. He was named Carolina League Player of the Week in May. He was named to the 2011 Carolina League All-Star Team and entered the All Star Game as a reserve. He also participated in the 2011 California-Carolina League Home Run Derby, coming in last place with no home runs. Wilkins finished the season with the Dash with a .278 batting average, 72 runs scored, 137 hits, 33 doubles, 0 triples, 23 home runs, 89 RBIs, 91 strikeouts, and a .485 slugging percentage.
Wilkins played in 8 Spring Training games for the White Sox in March and April 2012. He did not start any of those games. In those games, Andy went 4-for-11 in his at-bats, with 2 doubles and 2 RBIs. After Spring Training, Wilkins was assigned to the Birmingham Barons, the Double-A affiliate of the Chicago White Sox. He made his AA debut on April 5, 2012 against the Jackson Generals. Wilkins finished the 2012 season hitting .239 in 435 at bats with 28 2Bs, 1 3Bs, 17 HRs, 69 RBI, 62 Runs, 63 BBs, 64 Ks and 6 SBs. Wilkins started the 2013 season at Birmingham but was promoted to Triple-A Charlotte Knights about halfway through the season. Wilkins finished the 2013 season hitting a combined .277 in 458 at bats, 29 2Bs, 17 HRs, 79 RBI, 62 Runs, 52 BBs, 110 Ks and 5 SBs with Birmingham and Charlotte.

</doc>
<doc id="19762324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762324" title="Altrincham (1st) railway station">
Altrincham (1st) railway station

Altrincham (1st) railway station served the district of Altrincham Cheshire, now Altrincham, Greater Manchester between 1849 and 1881.
The station was built by the Manchester, South Junction and Altrincham Railway (MSJ&AR) and opened on 20 July 1849.
This first Altrincham station was located just south of Stockport Road level crossing and its junction with Stamford street. The station consisted of two platforms and a station building. It served the locality until 3 April 1881 when both it and Bowdon railway station were closed, being replaced by the new large facility named Altrincham and Bowdon (now Altrincham railway station), situated between the two former stations.
There are no remains of this station today.

</doc>
<doc id="19762342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762342" title="Collins (1744 Surrey cricketer)">
Collins (1744 Surrey cricketer)

Collins (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Surrey during the 1740s.
Career.
Collins is mentioned in 1744 and 1748. On Saturday, 2 June 1744, he played for London against Slindon in the earliest match that has a surviving scorecard. On Monday, 6 June 1748, he took part in a single wicket match between two teams of "fives", playing for "The Rest" versus Addington. 
As Collins had established his reputation by 1744, he must have been active for some years previously and his career probably began in the 1730s. Very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports and there are no other references to Collins.

</doc>
<doc id="19762349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762349" title="Bradybaena">
Bradybaena

Bradybaena is a genus of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae. 
Species of snail within this genus create and use love darts prior to mating.
Distribution.
This genus occurs in eastern and southern Asia. The European species that was previously in this genus is now placed in the genus "Fruticicola".

</doc>
<doc id="19762365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762365" title="Berkeley, Virginia">
Berkeley, Virginia

Berkeley, Virginia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19762375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762375" title="1997 Marbella Open – Singles">
1997 Marbella Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19762378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762378" title="A to Z Mysteries">
A to Z Mysteries

"A to Z Mysteries" is a popular children's novel series written by Ron Roy and published by Random House. The series is generally considered among the best "easy readers" for young children. There are twenty-six books in the original series; one for each letter of the alphabet. The series begins with "The Absent Author" (published in 1997) and ends with "The Zombie Zone" (published in 2005).
The books follow the adventures of three junior detectives, Donald David "Dink" Duncan, Josh Pinto, and Ruth Rose Hathaway. They are nine years old and live in Green Lawn, a fictional town in Connecticut, United States. Due to having the same author as the "Capital Mysteries", the main characters' paths cross with KC and Marshall (the other series' main characters) and they become friends.
Other characters include Pal, a dog that once belonged to crooks and currently resides with Josh; a mystery writer named Wallis Wallace who first takes part in "The Absent Author"; and Mr. Linkletter, the local hotel receptionist. Others include Officer Fallon, Josh's younger twin brothers Bradley and Brian, Ruth Rose's younger brother Nate, and Mr. Pasky (owner of the local bookstore in Green Lawn).
The success of the original series inspired a follow-up series called "A to Z Mysteries Super Edition" with the same characters. The first book in this series, "Detective Camp", was published in May 2006. In addition, Ron Roy wrote a spin-off series titled "Calendar Mysteries", beginning with "January Joker" on December 22, 2009. 
An article in "Horn Book Magazine" states that one reason for the series' popularity may be that the main characters "are about as hip as oatmeal", offering relief to readers who may feel burdened by peer pressure.
Main Series.
The books in the series include:
Sequel Series.
The follow-up to the first "A to Z Mysteries" series is "A to Z Mysteries Super Edition", which takes place one year after the first series. It began with "Detective Camp" in 2006 and has continued to be released, with the latest installment, "The Castle Crime" being published in 2014. Each book is about fifty pages longer than the books from the original series.
Calendar Mysteries.
The "A to Z Mysteries" have also led to a spinoff series called "Calendar Mysteries", starting with "January Joker". The series is aimed at second and third graders and focuses on Dink's cousin Lucy, Josh's younger twin brothers Brian and Bradley, and Ruth Rose's younger brother Nate. The main characters from "A to Z Mysteries" also make occasional appearances. While "A to Z Mysteries" focused on alliterating the alphabet to book titles, "Calendar Mysteries" relates the titles and themes to the different months of the year. The time and settings of each book often correspond to various holidays in a given month. Following "January Joker", the book titles include "February Friend", "March Mischief", and "April Adventure" among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19762380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762380" title="Kansas City Royals minor league players">
Kansas City Royals minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Kansas City Royals system.
Jason Adam.
Jason Kendall Adam is an American professional baseball player from Overland Park, Kansas. The right handed pitcher was drafted in the 5th round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Amateur Draft, by the Kansas City Royals. Adam currently plays for the Kane County Cougars of the Class A Midwest League.
In his senior season at Blue Valley Northwest High School, Adam pitched innings with a 2.16 earned run average. His 79 strikeouts to just 7 walks impressed scouts. Adam signed with the Royals, forgoing his college commitment to the University of Missouri. 
Jason Adam is represented by Platinum Sports and Entertainment.
Lane Adams.
Lane Adams (born November 13, 1989) is an American professional baseball player. An outfielder, he plays in the Kansas City Royals organization.
Adams attended Red Oak High School in Red Oak, Oklahoma. Playing for the school's basketball team, he scored 3,251 points, making him the fifth-highest scorer in Oklahoma high school basketball history. He committed to attend Missouri State University on a basketball scholarship. The Royals selected Adams in the 13th round of the 2009 MLB Draft, and he signed with the Royals rather than attend college.
Adams played for the Northwest Arkansas Naturals of the Class AA Texas League in 2013. After the 2013 season, the Royals added Adams to their 40-man roster.
Jorge Bonifacio.
Jorge Bonifacio (born June 4, 1993) is a Dominican professional baseball player. He plays in Minor League Baseball for the Kansas City Royals organization.
In 2013, Bonifacio began the season with the Wilmington Blue Rocks of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League. In the final weeks of the season, the Royals promoted Bonifacio to the Northwest Arkansas Naturals of the Class AA Texas League. After the season, they assigned him to the Peoria Javelinas of the Arizona Fall League. The Royals invited Bonifacio to spring training in 2014.
Bonifacio is the younger brother of Emilio Bonifacio.
Christian Colón.
Christian Colón (born May 14, 1989) is a Puerto Rican professional baseball shortstop in the Kansas City Royals organization. After graduating from Canyon High School in Anaheim, California, Colon was drafted in the tenth round of the 2007 MLB Draft by the San Diego Padres. He chose instead to attend California State University, Fullerton, where he was an All-American shortstop. He was then selected with the fourth overall pick of the 2010 MLB Draft by the Kansas City Royals. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Cheslor Cuthbert.
Cheslor Cuthbert (born November 16, 1992) is a professional baseball third baseman in the Kansas City Royals organization. 
Prior to the 2012 season, "Baseball America" rated Cuthbert the 84th best prospect in baseball. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Brett Eibner.
Brett Eibner (born December 2, 1988) is a minor league baseball outfielder for the Kansas City Royals organization.
Eibner helped The Woodlands High School win the 2006 5A state championship as a junior, with teammate Kyle Drabek. As a senior, Eibner was naamed 15-5A first-team all-district outfielder. Despite being drafted by the Houston Astros in the 4th round of the 2007 MLB June Amateur Draft, Eibner attended the University of Arkansas.
As a freshman, Eibner lead the team in RBI and had three game-winning hits. For his efforts, Eibner was named to Baseball America's Freshman All-American team in 2008. The following season, Eibner was named SEC Pitcher of the Week for his complete-game one-hit shutout win against the #1 Georgia Bulldogs. Eibner struggled significantly at the plate, with his average dropping to .231 and striking out 60 times. However, when the 2009 Arkansas Razorbacks baseball team reached the College World Series, Eibner hit "one of the most memorable home runs in program history" when he tied an elimination game vs Virginia in the top of the ninth with a two-run home run. Eibner returned for his junior season with the Razorbacks, hitting .333 with 22 home runs. On the mound, Eibner went 3-5 in 58 innings for the Razorbacks in the regular season. In the 2010 Tempe, Arizona Super Regional, Eibner hit a game-tying home run with the Razorbacks down to their final strike, extending the game to extra innings where the Razorbacks lost in the 12th. Following the 2010 season, Eibner became the fourth Razorback to be named both a freshman All-American and All-American, including teammate Zack Cox. He was also a John Olerud Two-Way Player of the Year Award Semifinalist, Second Team All-SEC, and ABCA/Rawlings First Team All-South Region player. When asked about returning to Northwest Arkansas with the Naturals, Eibner said "I think it’s going to be a great homecoming and I’m real excited. I hope to have a warm welcome from the fans there. I miss playing there and I can’t wait to do it".
Roman Hernandez.
Roman Hernandez Jorrin (born 1987 or 1988) is a Cuban baseball outfielder in the Kansas City Royals organization.
Hernandez defected from Cuba. He had a .299 batting average, .376 on-base percentage, .463 slugging percentage, eight home runs, 25 walks and 44 strikeouts for Matanzas in the 2009-10 Cuban National Series, his final season in Cuba. Hernandez signed a minor league contract with the Royals in February 2012 for a signing bonus of $550,000.
John Lamb.
John Michael Lamb (born July 10, 1990) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the Kansas City Royals organization.
Lamb was drafted by the Royals in the 5th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft out of Laguna Hills High School in Laguna Hills, California. In 2010, Lamb won the Paul Splittorff Award as the best minor league pitcher in the Royals' system. Prior to the 2011 season, Lamb was rated the 18th best prospect in baseball by "Baseball America". He underwent Tommy John surgery to repair an ulnar collateral ligament in June 2011. The Royals added him to their 40-man roster after the 2012 season.
Michael Mariot.
Michael Mariot (born October 20, 1988) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Kansas City Royals organization. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013. He played college baseball at the University of Nebraska.
Justin Marks.
Justin Michael Marks (born January 12, 1988) is an American minor league baseball pitcher for the Kansas City Royals.
The Boston Red Sox drafted Marks in the 37th round of the 2006 MLB Draft out of Owensboro Catholic High School in Owensboro, Kentucky, but did not sign, opting to attend the University of Louisville, where he played college baseball for the Louisville Cardinals. The Oakland Athletics selected Marks in the third round of the 2009 MLB Draft, and he signed.
The Royals acquired Marks and Vin Mazzaro from the Athletics for David DeJesus. After the 2012 season, he appeared in the Arizona Fall League and was added to the Royals' 40-man roster. Marks was selected for the Top Prospects Team by the AFL coaches and managers. Marks led the Arizona league with five wins while pitching for the Surprise Saguaros. During the short six-week season he went 5-1 over seven starts and a 2.59 ERA with 22 strikeouts and five walks. Marks spent most of the 2012 regular season with the Royals Double-A Texas League affiliate Northwest Arkansas Naturals. He posted a 3-5 record with the Naturals with an ERA of 3.80 in 17 starts. Marks' season was interrupted however after a ball hit back to the pitcher fractured his right orbital bone.
Wilking Rodríguez.
Wilking Jose Rodríguez (born March 2, 1990) is a Venezuelan professional baseball player.
Rodríguez signed with the Rays as an international free agent. Before the 2012 season, he ranked as the Rays' 20th best prospect and was added to the Rays' 40 man roster to protect him from the Rule 5 draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19762383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762383" title="PaVEM">
PaVEM

PaVEM, the Dutch government's Committee for Participation of Women of Ethnic Minority Groups (in Dutch: Participatie van Vrouwen uit Etnische Minderheden), worked from 2003 to 2005 to improve the access of and participation by ethnic minority women in social movements, and thus to facilitate minority women's integration into Dutch society. The committee is of interest internationally because so many countries are dealing with similar issues in their societies.
Establishment.
PaVEM was established in 2003 under the second Balkenende cabinet. The initiative was spearheaded by Rita Verdonk, then Minister of Immigration and Integration, and Aart Jan de Geus, then Minister of Social Affairs and Employment. 
Recipients of PaVEM awards.
Halleh Ghorashi held the PAVEM chair in Management of Diversity and Integration at Vrije Universiteitfrom 2005-20012.
Membership.
Membership of the committee remained constant throughout its existence and comprised the following: 
PaVEM was always intended to be a short-term committee with an emphasis on "speed and effectiveness"; according to one of its members, it was for this purpose populated with individuals who were expected to be able to get things done. Specifically, these members included the Argentinian-born Crown Princess Máxima, as well as two other immigrant women who had achieved a high level of educational and professional success, along with three powerful and experienced politicians.
Strategies and Goals.
Some of the main strategies of PaVEM were to improve minority women's access to employment; to remove barriers to their acquiring fluency in the Dutch language; to help municipalities engage more effectively in dialogue with immigrants; to reduce anti-immigrant sentiment, racism and oversimplification of immigrant issues in public discourse; and to develop a network of 'successful' immigrant women who could be mobilized to work on relevant participation projects. Tümer described the strategy as one of reaching the whole immigrant communities through the women of those communities, and described the group's vision as to "leave insight, action, examples, agreements, inspired people."
Conclusions and Transformation.
At its closing meeting in 2005, the committee reported the following achievements: municipalities had established a "participation agenda," covering four key areas: language, work, social dialogue, and participation. Rural structures had also been put in place spanning public sector, private sector, and social movement participants. A national action plan had also been firmly set for the integration of the 240,000 women still lacking Dutch language fluency, including a program to bring language lessons to rural women in their homes. Finally, a Rural Participation Team had been established, composed of thirty socially and economically successful immigrant women who committed to be available as liaisons between rural immigrant women and various Dutch institutions. 
The committee thus ceased to exist with its previous membership and as a government project, but a new NGO, a foundation called PaFemme, was formed to continue PaVEM's work. Its stated goal is to facilitate the participation of "black, migrant and refugee women" with "an emphasis on economic independence." 

</doc>
<doc id="19762439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762439" title="Minnesota Twins minor league players">
Minnesota Twins minor league players

Below are the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Minnesota Twins:
Players.
A. J. Achter.
Adam J. Achter (born August 27, 1988) is an American professional baseball player for the Minnesota Twins organization.
Achter attended Clay High School in Oregon, Ohio, where he starred for the school's baseball and basketball teams. He enrolled at Michigan State University, where he played college baseball for the Michigan State Spartans baseball team.
The Minnesota Twins selected Achter in the 46th round of the 2010 MLB Draft. Though he was expected to return to Michigan State for his senior year, leading him to fall to the 46th round, but the Twins signed him with a $50,000 signing bonus.
In 2013, Achter played for the New Britain Rock Cats of the Class AA Eastern League. He was named to appear in the Eastern League All-Star Game. He was assigned to the Arizona Fall League after the season.
Logan Darnell.
Logan R. Darnell (born February 2, 1989) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Minnesota Twins organization. He played college baseball at the University of Kentucky.
The Twins added him to their 40-man roster during the 2013-14 offseason.
B. J. Hermsen.
Brett Joseph Hermsen (born December 1, 1989) is an American professional baseball player for the Minnesota Twins organization.
Hermsen attended West Delaware High School in Manchester, Iowa. The Minnesota Twins selected Hermsen in the sixth round of the 2008 MLB Draft. Hermsen signed, rather than follow through on his commitment to attend Oregon State University.
In 2012, Hermsen was named the Twins' best minor league pitcher. Before the 2013 season, the Twins added Hermsen to their 40-man roster to protect him from the Rule 5 draft. After pitching to a 1-10 win-loss record and a 4.81 earned run average during the 2013 season, they removed him from the 40-man roster that offseason.
Edgar Ibarra.
Edgar Ibarra (born May 31, 1989) is a Venezuelan professional baseball pitcher. Ibarra is a member of the Minnesota Twins organization.
After the 2013 season, the Twins purchased Ibarra's contract, adding him to their 40-man roster.
Jermaine Mitchell.
Jermaine Cornelius Mitchell (born November 2, 1984) is an outfielder.
Mitchell was drafted by the Oakland Athletics in the fifth round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft out of the University of North Carolina at Greensboro.
Mitchell was added to the Athletics' 40-man roster on November 18, 2011. Prior to the 2012 season, Baseball America ranked him as the A's seventh best prospect.
After a disappointing 2012 season the Athletics allowed Mitchell to become a free agent, and he signed with the Philadelphia Phillies for 2013. On July 1, Mitchell was released by the Phillies. He was hitting .256 with 18 RBI and 13 SB for Triple-A Lehigh Valley. On July 3, Mitchell signed a minor league deal with the Minnesota Twins and reported to Triple-A Rochester.
Jorge Polanco.
Jorge Luis Pacheco Polanco (born July 5, 1993) is a professional baseball shortstop in the Minnesota Twins organization. 
Polanco signed with the Minnesota Twins in 2009. He made his debut in 2010 for the Dominican Summer League Twins. He also played for the Gulf Coast Twins that year and hit .233./303/.294 overall. He remained with the Gulf Coast Twins in 2011, hitting .250/.319/.349 in 51 games. Playing for the Elizabethton Twins in 2012, he hit .318/.388/.514 with five home runs in 51 games. He played the 2013 season for the Cedar Rapids Kernels hitting .308/.362/.452 and five home runs in 115 games. He played for the Leones del Escogido of the Dominican Professional Baseball League during the 2013 offseason. The Twins added him to their 40-man roster during the 2013-14 offseason.
Reynaldo Rodriguez.
Reynaldo Rodriguez was signed as an undrafted free agent by the New York Yankees in 2006. He spent that season and the next season performing well in rookie ball. He was unsigned until 2010, when the Boston Red Sox signed him. In Boston, he made it up to the triple-a Pawtucket Red Sox. Over the 2012 offseason, he became a free agent and was signed by the Minnesota Twins.
Danny Santana.
Daniel Ernesto Santana (born November 7, 1990) is a professional baseball player in the Minnesota Twins system.
The Twins signed Santana as a free agent in December 2007. In November 2012, the Twins added Santana to the 40 man roster in order to protect him from the Rule 5 draft.
Kennys Vargas.
Kennys Vargas (born August 1, 1990) is a professional baseball player in the Minnesota Twins organization. He was added to the Twins 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Alex Wimmers.
Alex Wimmers (born November 1, 1988) is a professional baseball pitcher for the Minnesota Twins organization.
The Twins drafted Wimmers in the first round, with the 21st overall selection, of the 2010 MLB Draft.
On August 2, 2012, Wimmers underwent Tommy John surgery to repair a torn UCL. He had made one start with Double-A New Britain and one with the GCL Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="19762450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762450" title="Cordillera Central, Dominican Republic">
Cordillera Central, Dominican Republic

The Cordillera Central is the highest mountain range in the Dominican Republic and in all of the Caribbean. Connected to the Massif du Nord in Haiti, it gradually bends southwards and finishes near the town of San Cristóbal on the Caribbean coastal plains. Because of its altitude, cool temperature, and scenic vistas, the Cordillera Central is also known as the "Dominican Alps". The Cordillera Central is home to the highest peaks in the West Indies: Pico Duarte (3,098 m), La Pelona (3,094 m) and La Rucilla (3,049 m).
In the southwest corner of the country, south of the Cordillera Central, there are two, largely dry and rocky ranges. The more northerly of the two is the Sierra de Neiba, while in the south the Sierra de Bahoruco is a continuation of the Massif de la Selle in Haiti. 

</doc>
<doc id="19762451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762451" title="Herbert Bednorz">
Herbert Bednorz

Herbert Bednorz (born 25 September 1908 in Gliwice - died 12 April 1989 in Katowice) was a Polish Catholic priest, theologist, and a Coadjutor bishop (from 1950) and later, from 1967, bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Katowice.

</doc>
<doc id="19762470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762470" title="Jackson Phil Demmel Demmelition V">
Jackson Phil Demmel Demmelition V

The Demmelition V is the signature guitar of Phil Demmel, the lead guitarist of the American heavy metal band Machine Head. The Demmelition V model was released on 5th May 2008 by Jackson Guitars. It was designed in part by Phil Demmel and Jackson says that, "it is a superb addition to the King V dynasty." 
The Demmelition King V has the line’s classic sharp V-shaped alder body, with a more aggressive edge thanks to its additional cutouts and set up for the low-tuned brutal player. Its through-body, quick-action, quartersawn maple neck features a bound compound-radius ebony fingerboard (12” to 16”) with 24 jumbo frets, mother-of-pearl shark fin position inlays and black-bound headstock with an inlaid mother-of-pearl Jackson logo. The barrage comes from an EMG 81 bridge pickup and an EMG 60 neck pickup (EMG, Inc.), each with its own CTS volume control and both controlled by a three-way Switchcraft switch. Other features include a Floyd Rose Original double-locking two-point tremolo bridge, which comes tuned to Demmel's preferred tuning; Dropped B tuning. It also features black hardware and die-cast tuners. Available in red with black bevels, black with silver bevels and white with black bevels.
In North America this model (regardless of finish) usually retails for approximately $1,299 and in Europe it can retail for approximately £900.

</doc>
<doc id="19762472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762472" title="Phu Kradueng">
Phu Kradueng

Phu Kradueng (), is a 1316 m high mountain in Loei Province, Thailand. It is located in Phu Kradueng District, giving its name to the district, but its western side borders with Nam Nao District of Phetchabun Province. This mountain is part of the Phetchabun Mountains, a massif forming a natural boundary between North Thailand and Isaan. 
Phu Kradueng rises 9 km west of Highway 201. 
Description.
The name of the mountain comes from the fact that its silhouette seen from afar has the shape of a large bell (; "Kradueng"). There is also a local legend that a mysterious bell sound, believed to be the bell of Indra, can be heard in the area of the mountain.
Phu Kradueng seen from above is heart-shaped. It has a relatively flat plain on its top, sloping slightly to the north. The summit, located in the southwestern part of the plateau, is inconspicuous. The western, southern and eastern edges of the mountain have a fairly regular shape and are formed by abrupt sandstone cliffs, while the northwestern corner is deeply indented, containing a number of streams and seasonal waterfalls. 
Geologically Phu Kradueng is formed by Jurassic and Cretaceous sandstone. Large parts of the mountain are covered in mixed evergreen forest. At the base of the mountain deciduous Dipterocarp forest dominates. Dry evergreen forest follow hill evergreen forests with bamboo clumps at higher altitudes. There are wide stretches of grasslands mixed with pine trees at the top.
Protected area.
The Phu Kradueng National Park is located in the area around the mountain. Phu Kradueng is a popular camping spot for Thai people and the temperature of the plateau at the top is chilly, which is pleasant during the hot season. Average daily temperature is 20 °C in the daytime. Between December and January the nightly temperature can sink to 2 °C.
The mountaintop is covered in mist both during the rainy season as well as during the cooler months. The park is closed to visitors during the rainy season (1 June - 30 September).

</doc>
<doc id="19762480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762480" title="Kruge (surname)">
Kruge (surname)

Kruge is the surname of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19762489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762489" title="Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim minor league players">
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim minor league players

Below are the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim:
Players.
Cam Bedrosian.
Cameron Rock Bedrosian (born October 2, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization.
Bedrosian attended East Coweta High School in Sharpsburg, Georgia. He was named an All-American. He committed to attend Louisiana State University (LSU) on a baseball scholarship to play for the LSU Tigers.
The Angels selected Bedrosian in the first round of the 2010 MLB Draft. He signed with the Angels, receiving a $1.116 million signing bonus.
Bedrosian's father, Steve Bedrosian, pitched in MLB.
Jarrett Grube.
Jarrett George Grube (born November 11, 1981) is an American baseball player currently in the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization.
Grube was drafted in the 10th round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft by the Colorado Rockies.
Taylor Lindsey.
Taylor Thomas Lindsey (born December 2, 1991) is a professional baseball player in the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization.
Lindsey was drafted 37th overall by the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft, out of Desert Mountain High School.
Brian Moran.
Brian William Moran (born September 30, 1988) is an American professional baseball player who currently plays in the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization. Moran, a pitcher, played baseball at the University of North Carolina before turning professional. Moran was drafted from North Carolina by the Seattle Mariners in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his professional debut that season with the rookie-level Pulaski Mariners. Since then, he has played in the minor leagues with the Clinton LumberKings (2009–2010), the High Desert Mavericks (2010), and the West Tenn Diamond Jaxx (2010). In 2010, he was selected to play in the Midwest League All-Star Game as a member of the LumberKings. Moran bats and throws left-handed. He stands at and weighs .
Moran attended Iona Preparatory School in New Rochelle, New York, where he played on the school's baseball team. Moran pitched and played first base. During his junior year, Moran was named all-county honorable mention. In his junior season, he was named the team's most valuable player and was the county player of the year. During the summers at Iona Prep, Moran played baseball with the ProSwing Pride.
In 2007, Moran began attending the University of North Carolina and played on the school's baseball team as a pitcher. In his first year at North Carolina, Moran compiled a 3.37 earned run average (ERA), and seven strikeouts in 13 games, all in relief. During his second season, Moran compiled a 1–2 record with a 2.76 ERA, two saves, and 72 strikeouts in 40 games, all in relief. In 2009, Moran went 7–1 with a 2.31 ERA, four saves, and 90 strikeouts in 36 games. He was a third-team All-American selection after the season. Moran summed up his time at North Carolina by saying, "It was a dream come true – I can still not believe it that I will not be going back. It was an unbelievable three years. It was everything I could have hoped it could be. I made a lot of good friends and the coaches were awesome. It was an unbelievable experience."
Moran was selected by the Seattle Mariners in the seventh round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. He said this about being drafted by Seattle: "I was actually at practice and a lot of the guys shouted down to the bullpen to let me know. Then all the sudden my phone started to get a lot of calls from people saying congratulations. It was pretty cool." He was the first left-handed pitcher taken in the 2009 draft by the Mariners. Dustin Ackley and Kyle Seager, Moran's teammates at North Carolina, were also drafted by the Mariners in 2009.
After being drafted by the Seattle Mariners in 2009, Moran officially signed on June 26, 2009, receiving a US$140,000 signing bonus. He was signed by scout Rob Mammau. Moran made his professional debut in their minor league organization that season with the rookie-level Pulaski Mariners. He went 1–0 with a 3.72 ERA, two saves, and 14 strikeouts in six games, all in relief with Pulaski. Moran was then promoted to the Class-A Clinton LumberKings of the Midwest League. With the LumberKings, he went 0–3 with a 2.89 ERA, and 17 strikeouts in 12 games. Between the two clubs in 2009, Moran compiled a 1–3 record with a 3.18 ERA, two saves, and 31 strikeouts in 28 innings pitched.
Moran started the 2010 season with the Class-A Clinton LumberKings. Moran was used as a setup pitcher during his time at the Class-A level. He was a league all-star that season. Before the all-star break, Moran led Midwest League pitchers in bases on balls per nine innings pitched (0.93). He praised the development of his split-finger fastball as reason for his success in 2010. It was noted that he was "great friends" with his former University of North Carolina teammate and then-LumberKings teammate Kyle Seager. With the LumberKings that season, Moran went 4–1 with a 1.34 ERA, three saves, and 48 strikeouts in 22 games, all in relief. He was then promoted the Class-A Advanced level to play with the High Desert Mavericks of the California League. With High Desert, Moran went 2–0 with a 1.42 ERA, one save, and 29 strikeouts in 17 games, all in relief. Finally that season, Moran played with the Double-A West Tenn Diamond Jaxx of the Southern League, compiling a 13.50 ERA in two games. Between the three clubs, Moran went 6–1 with a 1.73 ERA, four saves, and 78 strikeouts in 67 innings pitched.
Kyle Seager, Moran's teammate with the Clinton LumberKings, has described his pitching delivery as a "shot put" release. Moran has stated that he developed his split-finger fast ball out of college, and that it have been effective in professional baseball.
He was selected by the Toronto Blue Jays on December 12, 2013 in the 2013 Rule 5 Draft and then traded to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
Mark Sappington.
Mark Joseph Sappington (born November 17, 1990) is a professional baseball player in the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization.
Sappington attended Rockhurst University. He was drafted by the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in the 5th Round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft, becoming the highest draft pick in the history of the Rockhurst baseball program.
Brandon Sisk.
Brandon Lee Sisk (born July 13, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher on the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim's 40-man roster.
Sisk attended Elkhart High School in Elkhart, Texas, and Azusa Pacific University in Azusa, California. Undrafted out of college, Sisk signed with the Kansas City Royals as a free agent.
The Angels acquired Sisk from the Royals after the 2012 season in exchange for Ervin Santana. He will miss the entire 2013 season following Tommy John surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="19762490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762490" title="The Invisible Army">
The Invisible Army

The Invisible Army () is a 1945 Danish war film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Bodil Kjer.

</doc>
<doc id="19762493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762493" title="Camelot, Virginia">
Camelot, Virginia

Camelot, Virginia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19762505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762505" title="Arques (river)">
Arques (river)

The river Arques is a watercourse located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France. <br>
Only 6 kilometres in length, the river is formed by the confluence of three rivers at Arques-la-Bataille: The Eaulne, the Béthune and the Varenne which drain the pays de Caux and the pays de Bray 
The last part of its course takes it past the industrial zone of Rouxmesnil-Bouteilles and it then forms the waters of the port of Dieppe.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19762524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762524" title="Binding domain">
Binding domain

A binding domain is a protein domain which binds to a specific atom or molecule, such as calcium or DNA. Upon binding, proteins may undergo a conformational change. Binding domains are essential for the function of many proteins.
Examples of binding domains include Zinc finger, which binds to DNA, and EF hand, which binds to calcium.

</doc>
<doc id="19762525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762525" title="1835 in India">
1835 in India

Events in the year 1835 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19762537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762537" title="Volare destinations">
Volare destinations

Volare Airlines, part of Alitalia Group, flies as Volareweb.com to the following airports from its hub at Milan (Malpensa Airport) (at January 2009):

</doc>
<doc id="19762551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762551" title="1892 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1892 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1892 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1892 season. The Volunteers embarked on their second season as a full-time squad. This season saw the Vols win their first game versus Maryville College, in Maryville, Tennessee. As in 1891, this was a student coached squad, made up of ragtag players. This was the first meeting of UT and Vanderbilt in their in-state rivalry game.

</doc>
<doc id="19762552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762552" title="Oakland Athletics minor league players">
Oakland Athletics minor league players

Below are the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Oakland Athletics:
Raúl Alcántara.
Raúl Alcántara (born December 4, 1992) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Oakland Athletics organization. He was added to the Athletics 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
On December 29, 2011 he was traded from the Boston Red Sox to the Oakland Athletics for Andrew Bailey and Ryan Sweeney.
Jeremy Barfield.
Jeremy Barfield younger brother to Josh Barfield, and son to Jesse Barfield was selected by the New York Mets in the 2006 MLB Draft. Following a week long argument with his father, he pushed him down the stairs resulting in the hospitalization of Jesse and the arrest of Jeremy.
Billy Burns.
Billy Burns (born August 30, 1989) is a professional baseball outfielder in the Oakland Athletics organization. 
Burns was drafted by the Washington Nationals in the 32nd round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft out of Mercer University. He started the 2013 season with the Potomac Nationals and was promoted to the Double-A Harrisburg Senators during the season. After the season he was named the Nationals Minor League Player of the Year. On December 11, 2013 he was traded to the Oakland Athletics for Jerry Blevins.
Alden Carrithers.
Alden Jeffrey-Adam Carrithers (born November 18, 1984 in San Luis Obispo, California USA) is a minor league baseball third baseman currently in the Oakland Athletics organization.
Prior to playing professionally, he attended Oregon Episcopal School (though he played for Beaverton High School, as Oregon Episcopal did not field a baseball team) and then University of California-Santa Barbara, before settling at UCLA. He hit .285 in 44 games as a college freshman at the University of California-Santa Barbara and .342 in 53 games as a sophomore. He was second in the Big West Conference in on-base percentage with a .465 mark in 2006, .002 behind Evan Longoria. He led the conference in walks with 45 and was third in runs scored with 60. A second baseman at the time, he formed a double play combination with Buster Posey for the Yarmouth-Dennis Red Sox of the Cape Cod League, hitting .268 with 20 runs in 37 games. He transferred to UCLA for his junior year.
He hit .352 in 61 games his first year at UCLA, though he hit only .198 for the Orleans Cardinals in the Cape Cod League. His Cape Cod League double play partner that year was his UCLA teammate, Brandon Crawford. As a senior at UCLA he batted .377 with 51 runs and 47 RBI in 59 games. He was named the team MVP. He and Cord Phelps were the All-Pac-10 second basemen.
He was drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the 15th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft, with the signing scout being Tim McWilliam, and played in their system through 2010. In his first professional year, 2008, he hit .316 with 16 steals in 17 attempts and 28 walks; he also handled 155 chances without an error in 39 games for the GCL Tigers. He led Gulf Coast League second basemen in fielding percentage. He split 2009 between the Oneonta Tigers and the West Michigan Whitecaps, hitting a combined .298 with 10 stolen bases in 50 games. In 2010, he played for the Lakeland Flying Tigers and the Erie SeaWolves, hitting .312 while scoring 70 times, stealing 17 bases in 25 attempts and drawing 78 walks in 119 games. Despite hitting .309 in his three years in the Tigers organization, he was released in March 2011.
The Chicago White Sox signed him for the 2011 campaign, and he hit .276 with 51 walks to 33 strikeouts and 19 stolen bases in 22 attempts for the Birmingham Barons. Chicago released him during the following offseason to make room for signees Osvaldo Martinez and Ray Olmedo. The Atlanta Braves signed him and he played for the 2012 Mississippi Braves, hitting .315 in 74 games. In 2013, he hit a combined .284 with 16 stolen bases in 102 games split between Mississippi and the Triple-A Gwinnett Braves. He was granted free agency by the Braves after the 2013 season and signed with the Athletics.
Jake Goebbert.
Jacob Dwayne Goebbert (born September 24, 1987) is a professional baseball outfielder in the Oakland Athletics organization.
Goebbert went to Hampshire High School, where he played baseball and American football. He then went to Northwestern University, where he played college baseball for the Northwestern Wildcats baseball team in the Big Ten Conference. During his collegiate career, Goebbert played for the Southern Ohio Copperheads of the Great Lakes Summer Collegiate League in collegiate summer baseball.
The Astros drafted Goebbert in the 13th round (401st overall) of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. They invited him to spring training in 2012.
On April 4, 2013, the Houston Astros traded Goebbert to the Oakland Athletics
Tyler Ladendorf.
Tyler J. Ladendorf (born March 7, 1988 in Park Ridge, Illinois) is a minor-league second baseman in the Oakland Athletics organization. He played some third base with the Gulf Coast League Twins in 2008.
Ladendorf was originally drafted by the New York Yankees in the 34th round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign. A year later, San Francisco Giants drafted Ladendorf, again in the 34th round, and he again did not sign, opting instead to return to Howard College for another season. He signed with the Minnesota Twins after the club drafted him in the second round, #60 overall, in the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft.
The 21-year-old infielder began the 2009 season with the Rookie-level Elizabethton Twins and batted .410 with four home runs and 17 runs batted in before earning a promotion to the class A Beloit Snappers.
On July 31, 2009, he was traded to the Athletics for veteran shortstop Orlando Cabrera. He was batting .233 with four RBIs in 15 games with Beloit at the time of the trade.
Jefry Marte.
Jefry Leonal Marte Paulino (born June 21, 1991) is a Dominican professional baseball player for the Oakland Athletics organization.
Marte played for the St. Lucie Mets of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League in 2011 and the Binghamton Mets of the Class AA Eastern League in 2012. He participated in the All-Star Futures Game during the 2011 season and the Arizona Fall League after the 2011 season.
He was traded to the Athletics from the Mets on December 18, 2012 in exchange for outfielder Collin Cowgill.
Billy McKinney.
William L. McKinney (born August 23, 1994) is an American professional baseball player for the Oakland Athletics organization.
McKinney attended Plano West Senior High School. He led the school's baseball team to the state's Class 5A semifinals. McKinney was selected by the Athletics in the first round, with the 24th overall selection, of the 2013 MLB Draft. He signed with the Athletics, receiving a $1.8 million signing bonus.

</doc>
<doc id="19762605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762605" title="Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF">
Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF

Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF is a fund-raising program for children sponsored by the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF). Started on Halloween 1950 as a local event in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States, the program historically involves the distribution of small orange boxes by schools to trick-or-treaters, in which they can solicit small change donations from the houses they visit. Millions of children in the United States, Canada, Ireland, Mexico, and Hong Kong participate in Halloween-related fund-raising events for Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF, and the program has raised over US $188 million worldwide.
History.
Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF was invented by Mary Emma Allison, the wife of Presbyterian minister Clyde Allison. In 1949, the Allisons were living in Bridesburg, a neighborhood in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. When Mrs.Allison saw a UNICEF booth collecting funds to send powdered milk to undernourished children around the world, she thought of getting children to collect donations for UNICEF instead of candy. Rev. Clyde Allison introduced the concept to local Presbyterian churches. On Halloween 1950, the Allisons recruited their own children and their community's to go door-to-door collecting nickels and dimes in decorated milk cartons to aid children in post-World War II Europe. They collected a total of $17 and donated all of it to UNICEF.
In 1953, the United States Committee for UNICEF started actively promoting the program. By the 1960s, the concept had expanded throughout the United States, with small orange collection boxes distributed to millions of trick-or-treaters. When UNICEF won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1965, U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson said in his congratulatory letter: "Your UNICEF Trick or Treat Day has helped turn a holiday too often marred by youthful vandalism into a program of basic training in world citizenship." In 1967, Johnson declared Halloween, October 31, to be 'UNICEF Day' in the United States; by 1969, 3.5 million American children were trick-or-treating for donations. Children (and adults) in the U.S. have collected more than US $170 million for Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF. Donations to Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF support UNICEF's global programing, but in 2005, half of the proceeds were targeted to a domestic cause, aiding victims of Hurricane Katrina. In 2008, the U.S. Committee for UNICEF introduced mobile phone text message donations as well as a MySpace and Facebook page.
The program has also expanded outside of the United States. Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF in Canada, which started in 1955, has raised more than CAN $96 million. A Canadian proclamation declared October 31 of each year 'National UNICEF Day' in 2000. In 2006, UNICEF Canada discontinued the collection box part of their program, citing safety and administrative concerns. However, the program in Canada continues, with the 2008 program featuring events including pumpkin-carving contests, pumpkin art tours, and reading marathons. Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF in Hong Kong was launched in 2001, and has raised more than HK $6 million.
More recently, Trick-Or-Treat for UNICEF has partnered with Coinstar to donate their change in the Coinstar machine to UNICEF.

</doc>
<doc id="19762625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762625" title="Sauerbruch – Das war mein Leben">
Sauerbruch – Das war mein Leben

Sauerbruch – Das war mein Leben is a 1954 German film. It is based on surgeon Ferdinand Sauerbruch's memoirs "Das war mein Leben", which were ghostwritten by Hans Rudolf Berndorff and were published in the German magazine "Revue" shortly before the release of the film. The film was shot from 26 September 1953 to 20 January 1954 in West Berlin, Munich, Frankfurt, and Hamburg. It premiered on 13 July 1954.
Plot.
Berlin, 1948: Olga Ahrends plunges to a streetcar and is seriously hurt. Professor Sauerbruch joins the scene and sends her into the surgical section of the Charité. As the incident is regarded to be an attempted suicide, Olga Ahrends is admitted into the psychiatric section.
A severe debate arises between Sauerbruch and the Charité psychiatrist who diagnose a falling sickness, while Sauerbruche recognizes that Olga Ahrends in fact is suffering from a metabolic disease weakening her bones. Olga Ahrends is in danger of being amputated her leg; Sauerbruch, however, can be able to cure her by removing her parathyroid gland. Neither has she to be worried about the operation costs. Within this background story, many further episodes from Sauerbruch's life and work are shown, some of them in flashbacks.
During the Bavarian Soviet Republic, he unwaveringly stuck to his professional ethics. As a consequence, he was arrested in order not to be able to help the enemies of the revolution, but was rescued by a young man whose mother Sauerbruch once had operated on. On President Paul von Hindenburgs deathbed, Sauerbruch had to admit himself to the limitations of his profession and to calm down Hindenburg's fears that, after Hindenburgs death, Adolf Hitler, who had been appointed Chancellor of the German Empire by Hindenburg, would swear the army on himself, by telling Hindenburg that one only is able to decide situationally and that it is always easy for history to judge afterwards.
The flashback about another Sauerbruch patient is rather of funny nature. It is about a waiter who is worried about the costs he has to pay for his operation but then reacts confused and finally breathes a sigh of relief when he learns that he has just to pay a bill about 1 DM.
After end of work, Sauerbruch performs an operation on a male cat because its owner doesn't rely on veterinarians. Between operations, Sauerbruch gives lectures and examines young physicians. So, his time for private time is very limited. Mrs. Sauerbruch conforms uncomplainingly to his puritanic life style.
In further flashbacks, Sauerbruch tells about his invention, which makes thorax operations possible. During Sauerbruch's years of study, tuberculosis claimed many victims because it was not possible to perform operations on the patients' lungs. When a window in Sauerbruch's house was damaged during a storm, Sauerbruch came up with the idea of an underpressure chamber, the "Sauerbruch chamber", which was to equalize pressure during opening the thorax. The first operation on an old woman failed, as she died. The second operation, however, which was performed on a young opera singer, showed that Sauerbruch had been right with his idea.
Also the "Sauerbruch arm", which is a forearm prothesis constructed by Sauerbruch, is shown, when Sauerbruch's wife presents him to one of his former patients, who has a "Sauerbruch arm" and, thus, is able to perform an organ concerto.
Notes.
Originally, actor O. E. Hasse hoped to play Sauerbruch. Then, however, he was recompensed with the main part in the German 1954 film "Canaris".

</doc>
<doc id="19762638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762638" title="Chaffee, North Dakota">
Chaffee, North Dakota

Chaffee is an unincorporated community in Cass County, North Dakota.
History.
The post office of Chaffee, was established on April 21 in 1894. The site was renamed to honor Eben Chaffee, who had promoted the site. In 1966, the post office was closed.
Herbert Fuller Chaffee (Eben's son) was a first-class passenger aboard the RMS Titanic, with his wife Carrie Constance Toogood. She survived, but his body was never recovered.
The town is home to the Bronco Bar and Chaffee Cafe.

</doc>
<doc id="19762642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762642" title="Arkansas (Glen Campbell album)">
Arkansas (Glen Campbell album)

Arkansas is a compilation of album tracks from Hey Little One and A New Place in the Sun plus the B-sides of Capitol singles "Private John Q"/"Less of me" (1965), "By the Time I Get to Phoenix"/"You've Still Got a Place in My Heart" (1967) and "Where's the Playground Susie?"/"Arkansas" (1969). 
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="19762645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762645" title="Dynamite Slugger">
Dynamite Slugger

Dynamite Slugger is a video game. It was released in 2000 for the Neo Geo Pocket Color handheld game console. The game is similar to other Baseball videogames on the Neo Geo Pocket Color such as:Baseball Stars and Baseball Stars Color. Due to Dynamite Slugger being the latest baseball videogame to be released for the Neo Geo Pocket Color it features better graphics than other sports titles.
Neo Poke Pro Yakyu uses the same engine as Dynamite Slugger, but uses Japanese professional teams. The pitching in this game is much faster than in Dynamite Slugger. Because licensing from the Japanese baseball league was not acquired prior to the game's release, the game was pulled off shelfs shortly after its release.

</doc>
<doc id="19762647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762647" title="My Name Is Petersen">
My Name Is Petersen

My Name Is Petersen is a 1947 Danish drama film directed by Christen Jul and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19762652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762652" title="Vern Morgan">
Vern Morgan

Vernon Thomas Morgan (August 8, 1928 – November 8, 1975) was an American third baseman and coach in Major League Baseball, and a manager and longtime player (1948–64) at the minor league level. A native of Emporia, Virginia, who attended the University of Richmond, Morgan threw right-handed, batted left-handed, stood (185 cm) tall and weighed 185 pounds (84 kg).
Morgan's Major League playing career consisted of 31 games and 71 at bats for the 1954–1955 Chicago Cubs. Morgan collected 16 hits, including two doubles, and drove in three runs, batting .225. In 1956, he was acquired by the Washington Senators organization, and he would spend the rest of his baseball career in the employ of the franchise (which became the Minnesota Twins in 1961). Morgan played for the Senators' Double-A farm club, the Chattanooga Lookouts of the Southern Association, from 1956 through mid-1960. As a 28-year-old veteran, Morgan had his best minor-league season for the 1957 Lookouts, batting .332 with 14 home runs and 92 RBI and making the SA all-star team as an outfielder. 
Morgan would play in the minor leagues for 15 seasons and batted .301 in 5,273 at bats, but he never made Washington's Major League roster and in 1961 he became a manager in the newly relocated Twins' farm system. Morgan managed for eight seasons in the Alabama-Florida League, Northern League and Carolina League — compiling a won/loss mark of 488–540 (.475) — until he was appointed to the Minnesota MLB coaching staff for 1969. He served as the Twins' first base coach for almost seven seasons, until he was forced to the sidelines by kidney disease in September 1975. Morgan received a kidney transplant during the autumn of 1975, but his body rejected it and he died in Minneapolis, Minnesota, at the age of 47.

</doc>
<doc id="19762669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762669" title="Benelli Argo EL">
Benelli Argo EL

The Benelli Argo EL rifle is manufactured by Italian arms manufacturer Benelli Armi SpA. It is a limited edition version of the Benelli Argo, the only Benelli rifle to be produced as a limited series.
Design details.
The Benelli Argo EL's receiver is finely engraved and gilded with scenes of wild animals. The craftsmanship is of the master engravers of the Cesare Giovanelli studio. The stock and fore-end are in walnut with a fine oil finish.
The rifle has a rotating bolt head with three lugs, which combine to provide an effective locking surface. The fully tempered steel cover is equipped with holes for attaching scopes and is firmly connected to the barrel. This results in a greater accuracy at range. The free-moving barrel gives greater precision more akin to bolt-action models.
The plate kit used to adjust stock deviation and drop, together with the interchangeable sights, make the Benelli Argo EL a versatile and multi-purpose rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="19762671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762671" title="Cubello">
Cubello

Art Style: CUBELLO, known in Japan as Art Style: CUBELEO, was released in North America for WiiWare on October 13, 2008. In contrast to "ORBIENT" and "ROTOHEX", it is an original game.
Gameplay.
In "CUBELLO", using the pointer function of the Wii Remote players aim and launch colored cubes at a three-dimensional object called a Cubello, itself consisting of many colored cubes, that floats and rotates in empty space. The object of the game is to strip the Cubello of cubes by matching four or more of the same color in order to reveal the Cubello's inner core. 
The player is initially given only a limited number of cubes in a "magazine" to complete the objective in each stage, but more cubes are added in the magazine to the player the more cubes they take away from the Cubello. However, unlike many other games, such as "Puzzle Bobble", where the goal is to eliminate objects of certain colors or shapes, "Cubello" continues to provide the player with cubes colors that are either still in the magazine or on the stage, so the player has to calculate to have the color disappear from the magazine and the stage at the same time to win. There is also a "Bonus Mode" on the slot machine device that gives the player unlimited cubes to shoot of one color, or "Super Bonus Mode" which gives cubes of different colors depending on where they are launched at.
You also lose cubes in the magazine if the Cubello bumps into the screen towards you.
The game features an endless play mode in addition to players progressing through increasingly more difficult stages.
Development.
"CUBELLO" was released in North America on October 13, 2008, in PAL regions on November 21, 2008 and in Japan on May 12, 2009.
Reception.
Scoring it a 7.7/10, IGN said "CUBELLO" had an "entertaining core concept" done with "simplicity and polish" and with a "really, really rewarding" gameplay mechanic that needed some balancing. Hooked Gamers, who gave the game a 9/10, praised the game's unique gameplay.

</doc>
<doc id="19762674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762674" title="Herichthys carpintis">
Herichthys carpintis

Herichthys carpintis, the lowland cichlid, pearlscale cichlid or green Texas cichlid, is a species of cichlid endemic to Mexico where it occurs in the Pánuco River drainage and the Soto La Marina River. It reaches a maximum size of SL.

</doc>
<doc id="19762676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762676" title="Seattle Mariners minor league players">
Seattle Mariners minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Seattle Mariners system.
Steven Baron.
Steven P. Baron (born December 7, 1990) is an American professional baseball catcher in the Seattle Mariners organization. He was drafted in the first round, 33rd pick overall, of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. He attended Ferguson High School.
He is said to have good bat speed but timing issues, average power, good speed for a catcher, average baseruning skills, and good fielding skills.
In his first professional season, 2009, Baron played for the Rookie-Level Pulaski Mariners of the Appalachian League. He batted .179 with 19 hits, six doubles, two home runs and 13 RBIs in 30 games. He was considered one of the best defensive catchers in the '09 draft.
Logan Bawcom.
Logan Bawcom (born November 2, 1988) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
He was traded from the Los Angeles Dodgers to the Mariners for Brandon League on July 31, 2012.
Leury Bonilla.
Leury Bonilla (born in Gaspar Hernández, Dominican Republic) is a professional baseball player. He was signed as a non-drafted free agent on November 1, 2002.
Bonilla played his first seasons in the Dominican Summer League. He began the 2005 season with the Peoria Mariners of the Arizona League. He batted .248 with three doubles, three triples, two home runs and 22 RBIs in 34 games.
In 2006 Bonilla played for the Short-Season Everett AquaSox of the Northwest League. He hit .230 with 12 doubles, seven home runs and 27 RBIs. He participated in the Arizona Fall League at the end of the season.
Bonilla spent the 2007 season with the Class-A Wisconsin Timber Rattlers of the Midwest League. He played all of the positions with the exception of center field. He hit .258 with 22 doubles, two triples, three home runs, 31 RBIs and 11 stolen bases. He also pitched two games giving up no runs and compiling one save in 1 innings pitched.
He spent the 2008 season with the Class-A High Desert Mavericks of the California League. He hit .301 with 11 doubles, two triples, three home runs and 23 RBIs. He was placed on the disabled list with a strained left abdomen from July 8 to September 10 and made seven rehab starts with Peoria from August 11 to 29.
In 2009 Bonilla played for the both the Mavericks and the Double-A West Tenn Diamond Jaxx. He went a combined .234 with 14 doubles, four triples, three home runs and 18 RBIs. In a game on September 6 - playing for West Tennessee - Bonilla played all nine positions.
Andrew Carraway.
Andrew Donnelly Carraway (born ) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization. He was drafted in the 12th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft.
At Walton High School Carraway was a two-year letter winner. He also helped his team get to the 5A Region Championship as junior. Awards received by Carraway included All-Cobb County and all-state honors, Baseball Coaches Award, MVP of East Cobb Summer Team and a finalist for the Wendy’s Heisman Award.
In his first season at the University of Virginia he went 2-0 with a 2.91 ERA in 19 appearances. He also pitched in three shutout games and threw 33 strikeouts. He was selected to inaugural All-Atlantic Coast Conference Academic Baseball Team.
Carraway went 5-0 with a 3.60 ERA and 33 strikeouts 22 games. He was named to the ACC All-Academic Baseball Team and the ACC Academic Honor Roll.
He went 4-3 with a 4.06 ERA in 15 games, and 13 starts. He was named to the All-ACC Academic Baseball Team for third straight year as well as ACC Academic Honor Roll.
His senior year, Carraway went 9-2 with a 3.96 ERA in 16 games, 13 of which were starts. Carraway started the ACC Championship game in which Virginia beat Florida State University, and went on to receive the first ever win for a University of Virginia pitcher in the College World Series, eliminating Cal State Fullerton.
Carraway began his professional career in 2009 with the Short-Season Everett AquaSox of the Northwest League and the Class-A Clinton LumberKings of the Midwest League. He went a combined 8-0 with a 2.09 ERA, one save and 60 strikeouts in 17 games, 10 starts. In his first full year in professional baseball, he recorded a 5.33 ERA in the notoriously hitter-friendly California League for the High Desert Mavericks, and led the team in wins and strikeouts.
Carraway started the 2012 season playing for the Jackson Generals in the AA Southern League.
On May 10, 2012, Carraway was promoted from the Jackson Generals to the AAA Tacoma Rainiers when RHP Brian Sweeney was placed on the DL.
Yao Wen Chang.
Yao Wen Chang (born ) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization. He was signed as a non-drafted free agent on November, 5 2007.
Chang began his career in 2008 with the Rookie-Level Peoria Mariners of the Arizona League. He went 0-2 with a 5.75 ERA and 18 strikeouts in 15 games.
In 2009 Chang pitched for both the Rookie-Level Peoria Mariners and the Rookie-Level Pulaski Mariners. He pitched one game for Peoria and gave up 10 runs in 4 innings. With Palaski Chang went 0-6 with a 5.89 ERA in 13 games, nine starts.
Anthony Fernandez.
Anthony Fernandez is a professional baseball player in the Seattle Mariners organization.
On September 29, 2006, Fernandez signed with the Mariners as a non-drafted free agent. He pitched both 2007 and 2008 with the DSL Mariners, pitching 5-6 with a 3.89 ERA while striking out 63 in 74 innings. He pitched 2009 with the AZL Mariners, pitching 5-3 with a 3.40 ERA in 13 games while striking out 53 in 53 innings. He pitched 2010 with Low-A Everett, going 8-3 with a 2.59 ERA in 15 starts while striking out 69 in 83.1 innings. He pitched 2011 mostly with Single-A Clinton, going 7-4 with a 2.80 ERA in 19 starts while striking out 107 in 125.1 innings. He split 2012 with High-A High Desert and Double-A Jackson pitching a combined 6-8 with a 3.51 ERA in 27 starts while striking out 134 in 164 innings. After the season, Fernandez was added to the 40-man roster to be protected from the Rule V Draft.
Luiz Gohara.
Luiz Henrique Gohara (born July 31, 1996) is a pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization. 
Gohara signed with the Mariners as an international free agent on August 14, 2012.
James Jones.
James Steven Jones (born ) is an American professional baseball right fielder who plays in the Seattle Mariners organization. He was drafted in the fourth round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. He has been compared to outfielder Adam Jones.
Jones attended the High School of Telecommunications, where he led them to a Brooklyn West Division Championship. He spent time as both a pitcher and a position player.
In 2007, Jones began attending Long Island University where in his freshman season he played 50 games, including pitching in 12 of those games. For the season he hit .299 with 10 doubles, three triples, four home runs and 32 RBIs. He also had eight stolen bases. He was primarily used as a pitcher and went 2−6 with a 7.25 ERA in 12 games, eight starts.
He started all 67 games in 2008, including 14 pitching appearances. Jones hit .309 with eight doubles, two triples, five home runs and 28 RBIs. His 41 runs and 19 stolen bases were team highs. He earned many honers including First Team All-Northeast Conference, he was named NEC Player of the Week on March 24, he was ranked 30th on "Baseball America's" Top 100 College Prospects List and was named top prospect in New York State by "Perfect Game Crosschecker".
Going into his junior year many felt Jones was better suited as a pitcher entering the draft. His fastball was said to be up to . Jones continued to play as a pitcher and an outfielder throughout the rest of his junior season. He was drafted by the Mariners at the end of the season as an outfielder rather than a pitcher.
Jones began his professional career in 2009 with the Short-Season Everett AquaSox of the Northwest League. He played 33 games in right field, seven at first base, three at designated hitter and one in left field. Jones finished the season hitting .311 with 12 doubles, two triples, three home runs and 24 RBIs. In 2010, "Baseball America" listed Jones as the "Best Outfield Arm" in the Seattle Mariners organization. To begin the 2010 season, Jones was assigned to the Class-A Clinton LumberKings. On the season, Jones batted .269 with 87 runs scored, 132 hits, 24 doubles, 10 triples, 12 home runs, 64 RBIs, and 24 stolen bases.
Jones was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Dominic Leone.
Dominic J. Leone (born October 26, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners organization.
Leone attended Norwich Free Academy, where he played for the school's baseball team. He then enrolled at Clemson University, where he pitched for the Clemson Tigers. The Mariners selected Leone in the 16th round of the 2012 MLB Draft.
Following the 2013 season, the Mariners assigned Leone to the Arizona Fall League.
Marcus Littlewood.
Marcus Chase Littlewood (born March 18, 1992) is a professional baseball player currently in the Seattle Mariners organization.
Littlewood was drafted in the 2nd round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft by the Seattle Mariners. He signed with the club for $900,000 on August 17, 2010.
Julio Morban.
Julio Morban (born February 13, 1992) is a professional baseball player currently in the Seattle Mariners organization.
Morban was signed by the Mariners as an un-drafted free agent on July 2, 2008. Morban spent most of 2009 with the AZL Mariners, hitting .266/.303/.513 with 5 HR and 23 RBI in 42 games. Morban split 2010 with 4 different teams playing a combined 10 games. In 2011 with Single-A Clinton, Morban hit .256/.315/.382 with 4 HR, 28 RBI and 99 SO in 80 games. Morban spent most of 2012 with A-Advanced High Desert, hitting .313/.361/.550 with 17 HR and 52 RBI in 76 games. On November 20, 2012, Morban was added to the 40-man roster to be protected from the Rule V Draft.
Ramon Morla.
Ramon Morla (born November 20, 1989) is a professional baseball player currently in the Seattle Mariners organization.
Morla was signed by the Mariners as an undrafted free agent on July 12, 2006. He is listed as one of the top Mariners prospects going into the 2011 season.
Gabriel Noriega.
Gabriel Ernesto Noriega (born ) is a professional baseball player currently in the Seattle Mariners organization. He was signed as a non-drafted free agent on July 2, 2007.
Noriega began his professional career with the Peoria Mariners of the Arizona League 2008 where he hit .421 with 0 home runs and 2 RBIs in only 9 games before being promoted to the Pulaski Mariners of the Appalachian League. He hit .238 with 0 homers and 18 RBIs in 41 games with Pulaski.
In 2009, Noriega spent his first full season with Pulaski. In 61 games, he hit .311 with 4 home runs and 26 RBIs and was named to the Appalachian League All-Star team.
Noriega is currently with the Clinton LumberKings of the Midwest League.
Guillermo Pimentel.
Guillermo Pimentel (born October 5, 1992) is a professional baseball outfielder currently in the Seattle Mariners organization. Pimentel is listed as one of the Top 10 prospects for the 2011 season, ranked 5th according to Baseball America.
On July 3, 2009, Pimental signed with the Seattle Mariners after months of speculation that he would sign with the Texas Rangers. He began his career with the AZL Mariners a year later. Not to be confused with Guillermo Pimentel of the Texas Rangers' Short-Season A Affiliate Spokane Indians
Rich Poythress.
Rich Poythress (born ) is a professional baseball first basemen in the Seattle Mariners organization. He was drafted by the Mariners in the second round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. The Mariners signed him on July 29, 2009.
He is said to have very good power and that is his stand out tool. It is also said that he has below average speed, an average throwing arm and has been compared to players like Ryan Shealy and Matt LeCroy. Before the 2009 draft he was named as the number 12 prospect by ESPN.com.
Poythress attended Greenbrier High School where he was a four-year varsity starter. As a junior he hit .544 with 13 home runs. He also played for the Savannah Chain summer team.
He attended the University of Georgia where as a freshman he appeared in 45 games, 38 starts. He batted .282 with three home runs and 24 RBIs. He recovered from a torn ACL before the season.
Poythress played started 69 games with the Bulldogs in his sophomore season. He helped the team become the Southeastern Conference champions and helped them in the College World Series. He batted .374 with 15 home runs and 75 RBIs. He started all six College World Series games and hit .409 with three doubles and eight RBIs. Poythress set a school-record with 55 assists at first base and was named to the SEC All-Defensive Team.
In his junior season Poythress started all of the Bulldog's 62 games. His .376 average with 25 home runs and 86 RBIs were a team lead. His RBIs were an all-time single-season record at the school. He was named to the First Team All-SEC and SEC All-Defensive Team as well as a Louisville Slugger All-American. He was named as a semi-finalist for the Dick Howser Trophy. During the season he was named SEC player of the Week and a Louisville Slugger National Player of the Week after helping the Bulldogs to a sweep over the University of Tennessee.
Poythress began his professional career with the Rookie-Level Peoria Mariners of the Arizona League. He hit .300 with one home runs and six RBIs in six games with Peoria. He was promoted to the Double-A West Tenn Diamond Jaxx of the Southern League on August 9. With the Diamond Jaxx he hit .230 with two doubles, one home run and nine RBIs in 26 games. In 2010, Poythress was assigned to the Class-A Advanced High Desert Mavericks of the California League.
Kevin Rivers.
Kevin Rivers (born August 24, 1988) is a professional baseball player currently in the Seattle Mariners organization.
Rivers was signed by the Mariners as an un-drafted free agent on July 25, 2009.
Carson Smith.
Carson Donald Smith (born October 19, 1989) is an American professional baseball player. He is a pitcher for the Seattle Mariners organization.
Smith attended Midland Christian High School in Midland, Texas, and Texas State University. He played college baseball for the Texas State Bobcats baseball team. He was named Southland Conference Pitcher of the Year as a sophomore and a junior, and a second team All-American by Louisville Slugger as a junior. The Seattle Mariners selected Smith in the eighth round of the 2011 MLB Draft, with the 243rd overall pick.
After the 2013 season, the Mariners assigned Smith to the Arizona Fall League, and he was named to appear in the Fall Stars Game.
Forrest Snow.
Forrest Evans Snow (born December 30, 1988) is a professional baseball pitcher currently in the Seattle Mariners organization.
After graduating from Lakeside School in Seattle, Snow was drafted in the 44th round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft by the Seattle Mariners, however, he decided to play college baseball at the University of Washington. He saw limited field time in his freshman year. In 2008, Snow made only 6 appearances and finished 1-0 with a 3.52 ERA and 10 strikeouts. In 2009, he made 13 appearances, including 3 starts, and finished 1-0 with a 5.81 ERA and 31 strikeouts. In 2010, Snow made 27 appearances, including 9 starts, and finished 4-2 with a 6.30 ERA and 60 strikeouts.
In 2010, Snow was drafted again by the Mariners in the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft and signed with the club on June 14. Snow spent time with the Everett AquaSox and the Clinton LumberKings in 2010. He went a combined 0-1 with a 0.60 ERA and 52 strikeouts.
In 2013 he was suspended 50 games by the MLB for violating the substance abuse policy. 
Nate Tenbrink.
Nathaniel Lawrence "Nate" Tenbrink (born ) is a professional baseball third basemen in the Seattle Mariners organization. He was drafted in the seventh round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft.
He attended Olathe Northwest High School where he was a two-year letter winner. He batted .423 with two home runs and 16 RBIs as a senior.
Tenbrink played in 16 games his first year with Kansas State University starting 10 at third base. He batted .250 with two doubles and five RBIs. He collected his first collegiate hit on March 29, 2006 against Chicago State University. He was named to the Big 12 Commissioner’s Honor Roll.
In his sophomore campaign he played 55 games, starting 50 of those. He hit .280 with 11 doubles, four triples, three home runs and 32 RBIs. He led the team in doubles and triples. He was named second team Academic All-Big 12.
Tenbrink played 55 games, out of the 56 game season. He hit .270 with 16 doubles, one triple, nine home runs and 41 RBIs. His doubles, home runs and RBIs were a college career-high for Tenbrink. His 17 bases were also a career-high.
Tenbrink began his professional career in 2008 with the Short-Season Everett AquaSox of the Northwest League. He batted .198 with nine doubles, five home runs and 21 RBIs. He tied the team lead in stolen bases with 24.
In 2009, Tenbrink's second professional season, he played for the Class-A Clinton LumberKings of the Midwest League. He hit .282 with 129 hits, 76 runs, 24 doubles, seven triples, 10 home runs, 59 RBIs and 14 stolen bases in 126 games.
Travis Witherspoon.
Travis Sentrel Witherspoon (born April 16, 1989) is an outfielder in the Seattle Mariners organization.
He was added to the Angels 40-man roster on November 20, 2012.
Witherspoon was claimed off waivers by the Mariners on October 8, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19762679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762679" title="Selenium fluoride">
Selenium fluoride

Selenium fluoride may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19762696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762696" title="Cordillera Septentrional">
Cordillera Septentrional

The Cordillera Septentrional runs parallel to the north coast of the Dominican Republic, with extensions to the northwest, the Tortuga island, and to the southeast, the Samaná Peninsula where it becomes the "Sierra de Samaná". Its highest mountain is Diego de Ocampo, close to Santiago de los Caballeros, with . There are several small plains between this range and the Atlantic Ocean. Rivers are short and most of them flow to the north. 

</doc>
<doc id="19762703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762703" title="Texas Rangers minor league players">
Texas Rangers minor league players

Below are the players and rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Texas Rangers:
Players.
Jorge Alfaro.
Jorge Alfaro (born June 11, 1993) is a professional baseball catcher in the Texas Rangers organization. He is considered one of the best catching prospects in baseball. Prior to the 2013 season he was ranked by MLB.com as the 88th best prospect in baseball.
Lisalverto Bonilla.
Lisalverto Bonilla (born June 18, 1990) is a Dominican professional baseball player for the Texas Rangers organization.
Bonilla signed as an international free agent with the Philadelphia Phillies in 2008. He was named to appear in the All-Star Futures Game in 2012, but was unable to play due to a thumb injury. On December 9, 2012, the Phillies traded Bonilla to the Texas Rangers with Josh Lindblom for Michael Young.
Lewis Brinson.
Lewis Lamont Brinson (born May 8, 1994) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Texas Rangers organization. He was drafted by the Rangers in the first round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft out of Coral Springs High School in Coral Springs, Florida.
Brinson has been compared to Chris Young and B. J. Upton.
Travis Demeritte.
Travis Timothy Demeritte (born September 30, 1994) is an American professional baseball infielder in the Texas Rangers organization. He was drafted by the Rangers in the first round of the 2013 Major League Baseball Draft.
Alex Gonzalez.
Alexander Gonzalez (born January 15, 1992) is a pitcher in the Texas Rangers organization. He currently plays for the Myrtle Beach Pelicans. Gonzalez goes by Chi Chi, a nickname given to him by his grandfather.
He was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 11th round of the 2010 MLB Draft out of Boca Raton Community High School. Gonzalez attended Oral Roberts University, where he was an accounting major. He was drafted by the Rangers in the 1st round (23rd overall) of the 2013 MLB Draft. Prior to the 2014 season, "Baseball Prospectus" rated Gonzalez as the 70th best prospect in baseball.
Luke Jackson.
Luke Ray Jackson (born August 24, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Texas Rangers organization. 
Jackson was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the first round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft out of Calvary Christian High School. 
Jackson started the 2013 season with the High-A Myrtle Beach Pelicans. He was promoted to the Double-A Frisco RoughRiders during the season.
Román Méndez.
Román Junior Méndez Pérez (born July 25, 1990) is a pitcher in the Texas Rangers organization.
Méndez was traded, along with Chris McGuiness, from the Boston Red Sox to the Rangers for Jarrod Saltalamacchia on July 31, 2010.
Méndez was added to the Rangers' 40-man roster on November 21, 2011.
Guilder Rodríguez.
Guilder Alfredo Rodríguez Pérez (born July 24, 1983) is a minor league baseball shortstop in the Texas Rangers organization.
He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Milwaukee Brewers in 2001. Later, he would sign with the Texas Rangers, and currently plays for the Class AA Frisco RoughRiders.
Luis Sardiñas.
Luis Sardiñas (born May 16, 1993) is a Venezuelan professional baseball shortstop in the Texas Rangers organization.
Sardiñas started the 2013 season with the Myrtle Beach Pelicans and was promoted to the Frisco RoughRiders during the season.
Sardiñas was ranked by MLB.com as the 84th best prospect in baseball before the 2013 season. He is currently considered the Rangers second best prospect by MLB.com.
Matt West.
Matthew Robert O'Neil West (born November 21, 1988) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the Texas Rangers organization.
West was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the second round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft. He began his career as an infielder, but was converted into a pitcher due to his arm strength. West was added to the Rangers 40-man roster after the 2011 season.
Nick Williams.
Billy "Nick" Williams (born September 8, 1993) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Texas Rangers organization. 
Williams was drafted by the Rangers in the second round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft out of Ball High School in Galveston, Texas. He was committed to Texas A&M University, but signed with the Rangers. He made his professional debut with the Arizona League Rangers, hitting .313/.375/.448 with two home runs in 201 at-bats over 48 games. He played the 2013 season with the Hickory Crawdads. He played in 95 games during the season, hitting .293/.337/.543 with 17 home runs over 376 at-bats.
Prior to the 2014 season, Williams was ranked by "Baseball America" as the Rangers fourth best prospect and the 97th best overall in baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="19762710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762710" title="Daniel Sperrle">
Daniel Sperrle

Daniel Sperrle (born 7 October 1982 in Sundbyberg, Sweden) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender, who played for Dinamo Riga.
Career.
Sperrle played 5 games in the Kontinental Hockey League for the Dinamo Riga. He was last playing with EfB Ishockey in Denmark.
He currently has the modern time world record for clean sheets with 390 minutes and 12 seconds. Sperrle took the record from Brian Boucher in 2009. Bouchers record was 332 minutes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19762721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762721" title="Min kone er uskyldig">
Min kone er uskyldig

Min kone er uskyldig is a 1950 Danish comedy film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19762724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762724" title="Ranch sorting">
Ranch sorting

Ranch sorting is a western-style equestrian sport that evolved from the common ranch work of separating cattle into pens for branding, doctoring, or transport. Ranch Sorting is an event that pits a team of two riders on horseback against the clock. Teamwork is the key with both riders working in harmony to cut out the correct cattle and drive them to the pen while keeping the wrong numbered cattle back. There are several variations of ranch sorting with one, two or three riders on the team, but all require sorting the cattle from one pen to the other in the correct order. 
Setup and rules.
Ranch Sorting and its sister discipline, Team Penning, are regulated by the United States Team Penning Association (USTPA), headquartered in Ft. Worth, Texas. The USPA was founded in 1993 in Fort Worth with the purpose of attracting more participants and educating them to the sports of Team Penning and Ranch Sorting.
Ranch sorting is performed in two pens that are fifty to sixty feet long with a twelve to sixteen foot opening between the pens. The corners of the pens are cut at 45 degrees. Both pens are the same size and sorting can take place from either pen to the other.
At the beginning, there are eleven calves at the end of one of the pens with numbers on their sides for identification. The judge raises the flag and when the riders cross the gap between the two pens the clock starts and the competition begins. The team of two riders have to move the cattle one at a time from one pen to the other in numerical order, starting with a random number called by the judge. The fastest time wins. If a calf gets from one pen to the other out of order, then the team is disqualified.
Levels.
Ranch Sorting contestants are rated from a #1 (Beginner) to #9 (professional) based on their ability level. Classifications of #1 are Beginners, #2 are Rookies, #3 and #4 are for participants of Novice ability, classifications of #5 and #6 for amateur participants and classifications of #7, #8 and #9 are for Open or Professional participants.
Related equestrian sports.
There are several other equestrian sports related to Ranch Sorting. Team Penning is similar competition except that a team of three riders on horseback have from 60 to 75 seconds to separate three cattle from a herd and put them into a single pen. Cutting (sport) is sport where a horse and rider are judged on their ability to separate a calf away from a cattle herd and keep it from returning to the herd for a set period of time. In Australia, Campdrafting is an event where a rider on horseback must "cut out" one animal from the "mob" (herd) of cattle, and "camp", block and turn it at least two or three times to prove to the judge that they have the beast under control.

</doc>
<doc id="19762732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762732" title="Suzuki frame">
Suzuki frame

The Suzuki frame is a medical device, used for helping heal broken fingers, especially those with deep, complex intra-articular fractures. Rubber bands are used to generate traction between two metal Kirschner wires that are inserted into the bone on either side of a fracture.
It was named after its inventor, a Japanese Dr. Suzuki who first described it in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19762735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762735" title="Atlanta Braves minor league players">
Atlanta Braves minor league players

Below are the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Atlanta Braves:
Prospects.
Ryan Buchter.
Ryan J. Buchter (born February 13, 1987) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Atlanta Braves organization. 
Buchter was drafted by the Washington Nationals in the 33rd round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft out of Highland Regional High School in Blackwood, New Jersey.
Buchter was traded from the Nationals to the Chicago Cubs for Matt Avery on November 3, 2008. He was then traded from the Cubs to the Atlanta Braves for Rodrigo López on May 26, 2011.
The Braves added him to their 40 man roster on November 1, 2013.
Robert Fish.
Robert Michael Fish (born January 19, 1988) is a minor league baseball relief pitcher with the Atlanta Braves.
Prior to playing professionally, Fish attended Miller High School in Fontana, California. He was then drafted by the then-Anaheim Angels in the sixth round of the 2006 amateur draft and began his professional career that year.
Pitching for the AZL Angels in 2006, Fish went 1-0 with a 3.21 ERA in 10 games (one start), striking out 16 batters in 14 innings. In 2007, he pitched for the Orem Owlz and Rancho Cucamonga Quakes (only one game), posting a 3-5 record with a 3.38 ERA in 17 games (16 starts). He struck out 81 batters in 74 2/3 innings that year. With the Cedar Rapids Kernels in 2008, Fish went 10-4 with a 4.85 in 28 starts. In 2009, he went 1-6 with a 6.07 ERA in 22 games (13 starts) for the AZL Angels, Quakes and Salt Lake Bees. He again posted an elevated ERA in 2010, going 5-5 with a 6.79 ERA in 49 relief appearances. He struck out 73 batters in 58 1/3 innings.
He was selected by the New York Yankees in the 2010 Rule 5 draft. During spring training, he was claimed off waivers by the Kansas City Royals. He was returned to the Angels prior to the regular season. Fish was selected by the Atlanta Braves in the 2011 Rule 5 draft. He suffered an elbow injury during spring training.
Jason Hursh.
Jason B. Hursh (born October 2, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Atlanta Braves organization.
Hursh attended Trinity Christian Academy in Addison, Texas. After graduating, the Pittsburgh Pirates selected Hursh in the sixth round of the 2010 Major League Baseball (MLB) Draft. Hursh decided not to sign, instead enrolling at Oklahoma State University–Stillwater, to play college baseball for the Oklahoma State Cowboys baseball team. He underwent Tommy John surgery in his sophomore year. As a junior, Hursh pitched to a 6-5 win-loss record with a 2.79 earned run average in 16 games started. He was named to the All-Big 12 Conference second team.
The Atlanta Braves selected Hursh with the 31st overall selection in the 2013 MLB Draft. Hursh signed with the Braves, receiving a $1.7 million signing bonus, and was assigned to the Rome Braves of the Class A South Atlantic League.
Juan Jaime.
Juan Jose Jaime (born August 2, 1987) in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher for the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball.
Jaime signed as an amateur free agent with the Washington Nationals. In 2007, Jaime pitched for the Nationals team in the rookie-level Dominican Summer League. He logged a total of 26⅔ innings in 14 relief appearances, winning 3 games, losing none, and recording a 1.35 ERA. During this span, he struck out 34 batters while issuing just 14 bases on balls.
Following the 2010 season, Jaime was claimed off waivers from the Nationals by the Arizona Diamondbacks. He was designated for assignment on August 13, 2011, before being released on August 16. He signed a minor league contract with the Atlanta Braves on August 18.
Tommy La Stella.
Thomas La Stella (born January 31, 1989) is an American professional baseball player for the Atlanta Braves organization.
La Stella attended Saint Joseph Regional High School in Montvale, New Jersey, and Coastal Carolina University, where he played college baseball for the Coastal Carolina Chanticleers. The Braves selected La Stella in the eighth round of the 2011 MLB Draft. In 2013, he plays for the Mississippi Braves of the Class AA Southern League.
On January 13, 2014, he was invited to spring training.
Ernesto Mejía.
Ernesto Antonio Mejía [meh-HEE-ah] (born December 2, 1985) is a Venezuelan first baseman who plays in the Atlanta Braves minor league system. Listed at 6' 5", 245 lb., he bats and throws right handed.
Mejía was signed by the Braves as a non-drafted free agent on July 8, 2002, and started his minor league career with the GCL Braves rookie team in 2005. But he spent six full seasons in the minors, playing also for the Kansas City Royals system (2010), before reaching Triple-A level with the Gwinnett Braves in 2012.
Mejía led the circuit in RBI (92), hits (150) and total bases (256), was second both in SLG (.517) and at-bats (489), and tied for second in home runs (24), ending third in extra-bases (57), fourth in OPS (.858), fifth in runs (72) and eight in batting average (.298), while tying for sixth in both doubles (32) and games played (126). Mejía earned the International League Rookie of the Year distinction as well as the Postseason All-Star team. The All-Star nod is his sixth All-Star selection. He also became the third consecutive Gwinnett Braves player to claim the award for the league's top rookie, joining Freddie Freeman (2010) and Julio Teherán (2011).
Aaron Northcraft.
Aaron Lee Northcraft (born May 28, 1990) is a pitcher in the Atlanta Braves organization. He was added to the team's 40-man roster on November 20, 2012.
Carlos Perez.
Carlos Joel Perez is a Domincan professional baseball player in the Atlanta Braves organization. The Braves added Perez to their 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Elmer Reyes.
Elmer Salvador Reyes (born November 26, 1990) is a Nicaraguan professional baseball player in the Atlanta Braves organization.
The Braves signed Reyes as an international free agent in 2009. They added Reyes to their 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Edward Salcedo.
Edward Starlin Salcedo (July 30, 1991 in La Vega, Dominican Republic) is a shortstop in the Atlanta Braves organization, who played for the single-A Rome Braves for the majority of the 2010 season. He was signed by the Atlanta Braves on February 23, 2010 to a minor league contract. His $1.6 million signing bonus is the largest the Braves have ever given to an international prospect. The Braves say they regard the 6-foot-3 Salcedo as a first-round talent who is projected as a strong offensive and defensive player. He was named the 9th best Atlanta Braves prospect according to Kevin Goldstein of Baseball Prospectus.
Edward Salcedo's playing career has been delayed due to suspicions about his valid age. He was once considered the top international prospect back in 2007 and was offered a $2.7 million signing bonus by the Cleveland Indians but was voided by the United States government due to his age.
Edward Salcedo's first taste of the big leagues did not fare so well, averaging .225 with OPS of .640 in his split times with Dominican Summer League/South Atlantic League.
On January 13, 2014, he was invited to spring training.
Shae Simmons.
Shae A. Simmons (born September 3, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Atlanta Braves organization.
Simmons was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the 22nd round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft out of Southeast Missouri State University. In his first professional season he pitched for the Danville Braves and Gulf Coast Braves. He appeared in 16 games with a 1.46 earned run average (ERA) and 36 strikeouts in innings pitched. In 2013 he played for the Rome Braves and Mississippi Braves. He finished the season with a 1.69 ERA, 24 saves and 82 strikeouts over innings over 50 games. He was named to the South Atlantic League All-Star Game. After the season he appeared in the Arizona Fall League and was selected to play in the AFL All-Star game. In 2014 he was invited to spring training with the Braves.
Lucas Sims.
Lucas Sundberg Sims (born May 10, 1994) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Atlanta Braves organization. 
Sims was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the first round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft out of Brookwood High School in Snellville, Georgia. He signed with the Braves, receiving a $1.65 million signing bonus.
During his first professional season he pitched for the rookie level Gulf Coast League Braves and Danville Braves. He finished 2-4 with a 3.71 earned run average with 39 strikeouts in 34 innings pitched.
Sims played the 2013 with the Class-A Rome Braves. He started the season in the bullpen but was then moved to the rotation. He finished the season 12-4 with a 2.62 ERA and 134 strikeouts in innings.
Sims is considered the Braves best prospect according to MLB.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19762755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762755" title="Miami Marlins minor league players">
Miami Marlins minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Miami Marlins system:
Michael Brady.
Michael Brady (born March 21, 1987) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Miami Marlins organization. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Grant Dayton.
Grant A. Dayton (born November 25, 1987) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Miami Marlins organization. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Anthony DeSclafani.
Anthony J. DeSclafani (born April 18, 1990) is an American professional baseball player for the Miami Marlins organization.
DeSclafani attended Colts Neck High Schoolin Colts Neck, New Jersey. He then enrolled at the University of Florida, where he played college baseball for the Florida Gators.
The Toronto Blue Jays selected DeSclafani in the sixth round of the 2011 MLB Draft. After the 2012 season, the Blue Jays traded DeSclafani, Adeiny Hechavarria, Henderson Álvarez, Yunel Escobar, Jeff Mathis, and Jake Marisnick to the Miami Marlins, receiving Mark Buehrle, Josh Johnson, José Reyes, John Buck, and Emilio Bonifacio in exchange. The Marlins named him their minor league pitcher of the year in 2013.
Brent Keys.
Brent A. Keys (born July 14, 1990) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Miami Marlins organization. 
As a freshman in high school in 2006, Keys won his age groups Pepsi Punt, Pass, and Kick Challenge and appeared on national television at halftime of the AFC Championship Game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and Indianapolis Colts at the RCA Dome.
Keys was drafted by the Florida Marlins in the 17th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft out of Simi Valley High School in Simi Valley, California.
In 2012, Keys won the South Atlantic League batting title after hitting .335. Keys was the Marlins 2013 Minor League Player of the Year after winning the Florida State League batting title with a .346 batting average. He was added to the Marlins 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Scott McGough.
Scott Thomas McGough (born October 31, 1989, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Miami Marlins organization. He attended Plum High School in Plum, Pennsylvania and was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 46th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign. Instead, he chose to attend the University of Oregon, where he played for the baseball team. In the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft, he was drafted in the fifth round by the Los Angeles Dodgers.
McGough began his professional career in 2011 with the Rookie–level Ogden Raptors. He later earned a call-up to the Single-A Great Lakes Loons. In 2012, he started off the season with the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes, but on July 25, he and Nathan Eovaldi were traded to the Marlins for Hanley Ramírez and Randy Choate.
Justin Nicolino.
Justin B. Nicolino (born November 22, 1991) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the Miami Marlins organization.
Nicolino attended University High School in Orlando, Florida. The Toronto Blue Jays drafted Nicolino in the second round of the 2010 MLB Draft with the 80th overall selection. On November 19, 2012, Nicolino was traded to the Miami Marlins along with Adeiny Hechavarria, Henderson Álvarez, Yunel Escobar, Jeff Mathis, Anthony DeSclafani and Jake Marisnick, in exchange for Mark Buehrle, Josh Johnson, José Reyes, John Buck, and Emilio Bonifacio. On January 29, 2013, Nicolino was named number 72 on MLB's Top 100 Prospects list.
J. T. Realmuto.
Jacob Tyler Realmuto (born March 18, 1991) is a professional baseball catcher in the Miami Marlins organization. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Ángel Sánchez.
Ángel Luis Sánchez (born November 28, 1989) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Miami Marlins organization.
He signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers as an amateur free agent in 2010 and played with the Great Lakes Loons in the Midwest League in 2011, where he was 8-4 in 20 games (16 starts) with a 2.82 ERA. He was promoted to the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes in 2012 where he struggled a bit, going 6-12 with a 6.58 ERA in 27 games (23 starts).
Sánchez returned to Great Lakes to start 2013 where he was 2-7 with a 4.88 ERA in 14 starts before he was returned to Rancho Cucamonga.
On July 6, 2013 he was traded to the Miami Marlins (along with Josh Wall and Steve Ames) for Ricky Nolasco. He was added to the Marlins 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Brady Shoemaker.
Brady Shoemaker (born May 10, 1987 in Brazil, Indiana) is a minor league baseball outfielder in the Miami Marlins organization. He is 6'0" and weighs 200 lbs.
Shoemaker was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 19th round of the 2009 MLB Draft, after attending Indiana State University. Shoemaker started his baseball career in 2009 at the Rookie level with the Bristol White Sox and Great Falls Voyagers then made a jump all the way to Triple-A Charlotte Knights for 8 games in 2009. In 2009 combined, Shoemaker hit .321 in 234 at-bats with 10 HRs, 22 2Bs and 36 RBI. In 2010, Shoemaker played the whole season at Class A Kannapolis Intimidators. In 2010, Shoemaker hit .293 in 338 at-bats with 12 HRs, 23 2Bs and 55 RBI. In 2011, Shoemaker started the season with Kannapolis but was later promoted to Class A-Advanced Winston-Salem Dash. In 2011 combined, Shoemaker hit .312 in 439 at-bats with 11 HRs, 31 2Bs and 77 RBI. In 2012, Shoemaker started the season at Winston-Salem but was promoted to Double-A Birmingham Barons. Shoemaker finished the 2012 season with combined .300 average, 35 2Bs, 17 HRs and 85 RBI in 134 games. Shoemaker missed the entire 2013 season due to injury.
On December 12, 2013, he was selected by the Miami Marlins in the minor league phase of the Rule 5 Draft.
Alfredo Silverio.
Alfredo Silverio (born May 6, 1987) is an outfielder who is with the Miami Marlins organization.
Silverio was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2007 after playing for their team in the Dominican Summer League. He joined the Gulf Coast Dodgers for 2007, then played with the Great Lakes Loons (2008–2009) and Inland Empire 66ers of San Bernardino in 2010 before a late-season assignment to the Double-A Chattanooga Lookouts. In 2011, with the Lookouts, he hit .306 with 16 home runs and 85 RBIs. He was selected to the Southern League postseason all-star team and represented the Dodgers at the 2011 All-Star Futures Game.
Silverio was added to the Dodgers' 40-man roster on Nov 2, 2011. He was subsequently involved in a serious offseason car accident in the Dominican Republic and suffered injuries to his back, shoulder, elbow and neck as well as concussion symptoms and was not able to participate at all in Spring Training. On May 9, 2012, he underwent Tommy John Surgery as a result of injuries he suffered in the car accident, the surgery would cause him to miss the entire 2012 season. On Nov 1, 2012, he was outrighted to Triple-A and removed from the 40-man roster.
The Miami Marlins selected Silverio from the Dodgers on December 6, 2012 in the Rule 5 draft.
During June 2013, Silverio underwent Tommy John surgery for the 2nd time of his career which prevented him from playing for the rest of the 2013 season.
Colby Suggs.
Logan Colby Suggs (born October 25, 1991 is an American professional baseball player. A pitcher, Suggs plays in Minor League Baseball for the Miami Marlins organization. Prior to playing professionally, Suggs attended the University of Arkansas, where he played college baseball for the Arkansas Razorbacks.
Suggs attended Sulphur Springs High School in Sulphur Springs, Texas, and played for the school's baseball and American football teams. In football, he was a member of the school's state championship team. He was not selected in the Major League Baseball (MLB) Draft after graduating from high school, so he enrolled at the University of Arkansas to play college baseball for the Arkansas Razorbacks baseball team. Suggs pitched in relief for the Razorbacks. In 2013, Suggs recorded 13 saves, a Razorbacks record.
The Miami Marlins selected Suggs in the second round, with the 73rd overall selection, of the 2013 MLB Draft.
José Ureña.
José Ureña (born September 12, 1991) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Miami Marlins organization. He was added to the Marlins 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Nick Wittgren.
Nicholas James Wittgren (born May 29, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Miami Marlins organization. 
Wittgren was drafted by the Miami Marlins in the ninth round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft out of Purdue University.
During his first professional season he had a 1.17 earned run average, 13 saves and 47 strikeouts over innings pitched while playing for the Jamestown Jammers and Greensboro Grasshoppers. He started the 2013 season with the Jupiter Hammerheads and was promoted to the Jacksonville Suns. For the season he posted a 0.77 ERA with 26 saves and 63 strikeouts over . At the end of the season he was named the Minor League Relief Pitcher of the Year by the staff of MiLB.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19762806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762806" title="New York Mets minor league players">
New York Mets minor league players

Below are the some of the players and rosters of the minor league affiliates of the New York Mets.
Jacob deGrom.
Jacob Anthony deGrom (born June 19, 1988) is an American professional baseball player in the New York Mets minor league baseball system.
DeGrom attended Calvary Christian High School and Stetson University, where he played for the school's baseball team. He played as a shortstop during his freshman and sophomore seasons at Stetson, before transitioning into a relief pitcher and then a starting pitcher as a junior.
The Mets selected deGrom in the ninth round of the 2010 MLB Draft. In 2013, he began the season with the Binghamton Mets of the Class AA Eastern League, before receiving a promotion to the Las Vegas 51s of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League. He was added to the Mets 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Erik Goeddel.
Erik Van Norman Goeddel is an American professional baseball player for the New York Mets organization.
Goeddel attended the University of California, Los Angeles, where he played college baseball for the UCLA Bruins. The New York Mets selected Goeddel in the 24th round of the 2010 MLB Draft. The Mets added Goeddel to their 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Darin Gorski.
Darin Walter Gorski (born October 6, 1987) is a pitcher in the New York Mets organization. 
Gorski was drafted by the New York Mets in the 7th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft from Kutztown University of Pennsylvania.
Gorski was the Mets Sterling Organizational Pitcher of the Year in 2011. He was added to the Mets 40-man roster on November 20, 2012.
Dilson Herrera.
Dilson Jose Herrera (born March 3, 1994) is a professional baseball player in the New York Mets organization.
Herrera signed with the Pittsburgh Pirates as an international free agent in 2010. He received a $220,000 signing bonus. Herrera, along with Gregory Polanco, represented the Pirates at the 2013 All-Star Futures Game.
On August 27, 2013, the Pirates traded Herrera and a player to be named later, Vic Black, to acquire Marlon Byrd and John Buck.
Steven Matz.
Steven Jakob Matz (born) is a minor league baseball pitcher for the New York Mets organization.
Matz attended Ward Melville High School in East Setauket, New York. The Mets selected him in the second round, with the 72nd overall selection, of the 2009 MLB Draft. He underwent Tommy John surgery in 2010.
Matz was added to the Mets 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Cory Vaughn.
Cory Vaughn (born May 1, 1989) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the New York Mets organization. 
Vaughn was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies in the 43rd round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft out of Jesuit High School in Sacramento, California. He did not sign and attended San Diego State University. He was then drafted by the New York Mets in the fourth round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft. 
Vaughn is the son of former MLB player, Greg Vaughn. 
Jeff Walters.
Jeffrey Walters (born November 6, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the New York Mets organization. 
Walters was drafted by MLB teams five different times. He signed after being drafted by the New York Mets in the seventh round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft out of the University of Georgia.
Walters was the closer for the Binghamton Mets in 2013. He led all minor league players in saves with 38. He was added to the Mets 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19762807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762807" title="Alt dette og Island med">
Alt dette og Island med

Alt dette og Island med is a 1951 Danish drama film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Sonja Wigert.

</doc>
<doc id="19762809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762809" title="Small Planet Airlines">
Small Planet Airlines

Small Planet Airlines is a charter airline, established in 2007. Its man base is Vilnius Airport, with divisions in Poland, France and the United Kingdom. 
The main activities of the company are:
- Full charter programs for tour operators with localized implementation (AOC, local crew, tailored on-board services);
- Aircraft wet lease service for airlines with tailored on-board services and possibility of custom livery;
- Ad hoc flights with immediate quoting and quick dispatch for anyone in need for a charter flight.
Small Planet Airlines currently operates a fleet of 9 aircraft (2 Boeing 737-300, and 7 Airbus 320) and has chartered to more than 120 destinations in Europe, MENA and Asia regions. In 2012 it transported nearly 0.7m passengers.
In April 2013, the team of Small Planet Airlines executives purchased 95,5 pct of Small Planet Airlines UAB and Small Planet Airlines Sp. z.o.o. shares from aviation business solution company Avia Solutions Group. According to the new Small Planet Airlines shareholders structure, 70 pct of company shares are owned by Vytautas Kaikaris, Small Planet Airlines CEO and 30 pct of company shares belong to Andrius Staniulis, the quality manager of the charter carrier and the board member of Small Planet Airlines Polish subsidiary.
Small Planet Airlines serves the leading tour operators in Europe and brings their passengers to Greece, Spain, Turkey, Egypt, and other popular holiday destinations. The company also performs flights for military, government, corporations and private individuals on an ad-hoc basis.
History.
FlyLAL Charters was a company registered on 14 March 2007. In October 2008, the company received its AOC and Operating License to begin active passenger flight operations. In 2009, a subsidiary flyLAL Charter Eesti was registered with an aim to provide chartered flights from Estonia. In December 2009, a company flyLAL Charters PL was registered to implement flights from various airports in Poland. In 2010, flyLAL Charters were authorized to perform regular flights to Rhodes, Heraklion, Varna, Barcelona and Palma de Mallorca. In July 2010, flyLAL Charters were re-branded with new brand name Small Planet Airlines.
Statistics.
In 2009 Small Planet Airlines flew to 75 destinations, carried 0.4 million passengers, and received 46 million Euros in revenues.
In the year 2010, the airline served 0.4 million passengers, and reached over 46 million Euros in profit.
In 2011 the airline carried 0.5 million passengers, revenues – 57 million Euros. 
In the year 2012 Small Planet Airlines transported nearly 0.7m passengers who traveled to more than 120 destinations. Revenues - more than 90 million Euros.
Destinations.
The key destinations implemented with cooperation with tour operators (the company also serves individual chartered flights).
References.
Small Planet Airlines acquired by current management
http://www.smallplanet.aero/en/read-news/67-small-planet-airlines-acquired-by-current-management.html
Small Planet Airlines is renewing its aircraft fleet
http://www.smallplanet.aero/en/read-news/68-small-planet-airlines-is-renewing-its-aircraft-fleet.html
Small Planet Airlines aircraft fleet
http://smallplanet.aero/en/services/fleet.html

</doc>
<doc id="19762817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762817" title="Steinitz's theorem">
Steinitz's theorem

In polyhedral combinatorics, a branch of mathematics, Steinitz's theorem is a characterization of the undirected graphs formed by the edges and vertices of three-dimensional convex polyhedra: they are exactly the 3-vertex-connected planar graphs. That is, every convex polyhedron forms a 3-connected planar graph, and every 3-connected planar graph can be represented as the graph of a convex polyhedron. For this reason, the 3-connected planar graphs are also known as polyhedral graphs. Steinitz's theorem is named after Ernst Steinitz, who proved it in 1922. Branko Grünbaum has called this theorem “the most important and deepest known result on 3-polytopes.”
The name "Steinitz's theorem" has also been applied to other results of Steinitz: 
Definitions and statement of the theorem.
An undirected graph is a system of vertices and edges, each edge connecting two of the vertices. From any polyhedron one can form a graph, by letting the vertices of the graph correspond to the vertices of the polyhedron and by connecting any two graph vertices by an edge whenever the corresponding two polyhedron vertices are the endpoints of an edge of the polyhedron. This graph is known as the skeleton of the polyhedron.
A graph is planar if it can be drawn with its vertices as points in the Euclidean plane, and its edges as curves that connect these points, such that no two edge curves cross each other and such that the point representing a vertex lies on the curve representing an edge only when the vertex is an endpoint of the edge. By Fáry's theorem, it is sufficient to consider only planar drawings in which the curves representing the edges are line segments. A graph is 3-connected if, after the removal of any two of its vertices, any other pair of vertices remain connected by a path.
One direction of Steinitz's theorem (the easier direction to prove) states that the graph of every convex polyhedron is planar and 3-connected. As shown in the illustration, planarity can be shown by using a Schlegel diagram: if one places a light source near one face of the polyhedron, and a plane on the other side, the shadows of the polyhedron edges will form a planar graph, embedded in such a way that the edges are straight line segments. The 3-connectivity of a polyhedral graph is a special case of Balinski's theorem that the graph of any "k"-dimensional convex polytope is "k"-connected.
The other, more difficult, direction of Steinitz's theorem states that every planar 3-connected graph is the graph of a convex polyhedron.
Strengthenings and related results.
It is possible to prove a stronger form of Steinitz's theorem, that any polyhedral graph can be realized by a convex polyhedron for which all of the vertex coordinates are integers. The integers resulting from Steinitz' original proof are doubly exponential in the number of vertices of the given polyhedral graph; that is, writing them down would require an exponential number of bits. However, subsequent researchers have found graph drawing algorithms that use only O("n") bits per vertex. It is also possible to relax the requirement that the coordinates be integers, and assign coordinates in such a way that the "x"-coordinates of the vertices are distinct integers in the range and the other two coordinates are real numbers in the range [0,1, so that each edge has length at least one while the overall polyhedron has volume O("n").
In any polyhedron that represents a given polyhedral graph "G", the faces of "G" are exactly the cycles in "G" that do not separate "G" into two components: that is, removing a facial cycle from "G" leaves the rest of "G" as a connected subgraph. It is possible to specify the shape of any one face of the polyhedron: if any non-separating cycle "C" is chosen, and its vertices are placed in correspondence with the vertices of a two-dimensional convex polygon "P", then there exists a polyhedral representation of "G" in which the face corresponding to "C" is congruent to "P". It is also always possible, given a polyhedral graph "G" and an arbitrary cycle "C", to find a realization such that "C" forms the silhouette of the realization under parallel projection.
The Koebe–Andreev–Thurston circle packing theorem can be interpreted as providing another strengthening of Steinitz's theorem, that every 3-connected planar graph may be represented as a convex polyhedron in such a way that all of its edges are tangent to the same unit sphere. More generally, if "G" is a polyhedral graph and "K" is any smooth three-dimensional convex body, it is possible to find a polyhedral representation of "G" in which all edges are tangent to "K".
In dimensions higher than three, the algorithmic Steinitz problem (given a lattice, determine whether it is the face lattice of a convex polytope) is complete for the existential theory of the reals by Richter-Gebert's universality theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="19762828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762828" title="List of New Zealand rugby union teams">
List of New Zealand rugby union teams

This is the list of the main first-class rugby union teams in New Zealand, including national teams, Super Rugby teams, ITM Cup teams, and Heartland Championship teams. The list does not include women's teams, local club or school teams, inactive teams, such as the North and South Island teams, or non-geographic representative teams, such as the New Zealand Universities, Marist, or Barbarians sides.

</doc>
<doc id="19762841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762841" title="Philadelphia Phillies minor league players">
Philadelphia Phillies minor league players

Below are the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Philadelphia Phillies:
Players.
Leandro Castro.
Leandro Castro Jean (born June 15, 1989 in La Romana, La Romana, Dominican Republic) is a minor league baseball right fielder currently in the Philadelphia Phillies organization.
He was signed by Phillies scout Wil Tejada in 2007 and began his professional career that year. He hit .278 with 24 steals in 33 attempts, 5 triples, 3 doubles, 41 runs and 37 RBI in 59 games for the 2007 DSL Phillies. He also had 10 assists in center field. With the GCL Phillies in 2008, he batted .298 in 44 games. 
The outfielder was a New York-Pennsylvania League mid-season All-Star in 2009, hitting .316 with 81 hits and 18 stolen bases in 27 attempts for the NYPL's Williamsport Crosscutters. He also hit .152 in 22 games for the Lakewood BlueClaws that year for an overall average of .283. He led he NYPL in hits and total bases. "Baseball America" named him the league's 16th-best prospect.
With Lakewood for all of 2010, he hit .257 with 9 triples, 78 runs and 81 RBI. He was caught stealing in 13 of 35 attempts and was 8 for 16 at the plate with the bases loaded. He also had 12 assists. "Baseball America" named his throwing arm the best among the league's outfielders. He batted .277 with 10 homers in 56 games for the 2011 Clearwater Threshers in an injury-shortened campaign. He was 1 for 5 that winter for the Dominican Winter League's Estrellas Orientales.
He hit .287 with 35 doubles, 66 runs and 71 RBI for the Reading Phillies in 2012, drawing 17 walks. He batted .326 against left-handed pitchers and .271 against right-handed pitchers. In 2013, his first season at Triple-A, he hit .256 with eight home runs, 55 RBI and 20 stolen bases in 27 attempts for the Lehigh Valley IronPigs; he had 15 walks and made 8 errors.
Brody Colvin.
Brody Edward Colvin (born August 14, 1990 in Lafayette, Louisiana) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Philadelphia Phillies organization. MLB.com rated Colvin as the 80th best prospect in baseball before the 2012 season.
Kelly Dugan.
Kelly P. Dugan (born September 18, 1990) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Philadelphia Phillies organization.
Dugan attended Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks, California.
The Phillies selected Dugan in the second round, with the 75th overall selection, of the 2009 MLB Draft. He signed with the Phillies rather than attend Pepperdine University. After being limited by injuries early in his career, Dugan had a breakout season in 2013. He was added to the Phillies 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Dugan's father, Dennis Dugan, is a film director.
Brandon Erbe.
Brandon Edward Erbe (born December 25, 1987 in Owings Mills, Maryland, United States) is a baseball pitcher who was once on the Baltimore Orioles 40-man roster.
Erbe appeared on the NBC Show The Biggest Loser, as help to one of the child competitors, Biingo, who is a fan of his original High-A team of the Baltimore Orioles, the Frederick Keys
Maikel Franco.
Maikel Franco (born August 26, 1992) is an American professional baseball third baseman in the Philadelphia Phillies organization.
Franco signed with the Philadelphia Phillies as an international free agent in 2010. He started the 2013 season with the High-A Clearwater Threshers. He was promoted to the Double-A Reading Fightin Phils in June.
The Phillies invited Franco to spring training in 2014. Franco will begin to play as a first baseman, in addition to playing third base.
Colton Murray.
Colton Murray is a right-handed relief pitcher for the MLB's Philadelphia Phillies Class A affiliate, the Williamsport Crosscutters. Murray signed with the team after being selected in the 13th round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft.
Murray attended Olathe East High School in Olathe, Kansas, where he lettered three years in baseball for coach John McDonald. He was a two-time All-State selection in 2007 and 2008, and was named Kansas Pitcher of the Year in 2007. As a senior, he went 5-1 with a 1.55 ERA, striking out 50 hitters in 31 2/3 innings. He also hit .481 with three home runs.
Murray went on to play at the University of Kansas, where as a freshman in 2009 he went 2-3 with an ERA of 3.23, and also striking out 39 batters in 39 innings pitched. In his sophomore year in 2010, he posted a record of 1-2 with an ERA of 4.83 in 27 appearances, recording 36 strikeouts and four saves, also earning Academic All-Big 12 honors. As a junior in 2011, he went 3-4 with an ERA of 3.79 and seven saves in 20 appearances, recording 33 strikeouts.
Murray played for the Pittsfield American Defenders in summer 2009, posting a record of 1-1 and an ERA of 3.27 in 10 appearances, recording 16 strikeouts and only 3 walks as well. In summer 2010, he played for the Brewster Whitecaps of the Cape Cod League with a record of 1-1 and an ERA of 0.49, also recording 8 saves in 18 appearances. Named a Top 30 Prospect in the league by ESPN's Keith Law.
Cody Overbeck.
Cody M. Overbeck (born June 5, 1986 in Atoka, Tennessee) is a minor league baseball first baseman currently in the Philadelphia Phillies organization.
Prior to playing professionally, he attended Munford High School and then University of Mississippi, where he played from 2006 to 2008. In 2006, he hit .218 with 2 home runs in 26 games. In 2007, he hit .288 with 14 home runs and 58 RBI in 62 games and in 2008, he hit .356 with 17 home runs and 59 RBI in 63 games. 
He was drafted by the Phillies in the 9th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft, with the signing scout being Mike Stauffer. He began his professional career that season, hitting .272 with 18 doubles, 12 home runs, 57 RBI and 12 walks in 75 games for the Williamsport Crosscutters. He fielded .899 at third base. With the Clearwater Threshers in 2009, he hit .230 with 12 home runs and 105 strikeouts in 96 games, while posting a .915 fielding percentage.
Splitting 2010 between Clearwater and the Reading Phillies, Overbeck hit .276 with 24 home runs, 29 doubles, 79 runs, 82 RBI, 52 walks and 134 strikeouts, while fielding .927. He hit .321 for the Scottsdale Scorpions of the Arizona Fall League. Moving to first base, he started 2011 with Reading before he was promoted to the Triple-A Lehigh Valley IronPigs. He hit .277 with 24 home runs and 72 RBI overall. He hit .249 with 14 home runs and 71 RBI for Lehigh Valley in 2012. Returning to the IronPigs in 2013, he hit .255 with 29 doubles, 19 home runs and 140 strikeouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19762844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762844" title="Marcellus Augustus Stovall">
Marcellus Augustus Stovall

Marcellus Augustus Stovall (September 18, 1818 – August 4, 1895) was an American soldier and merchant. He served as a Confederate general during the American Civil War, and later he resumed business and civil interests.
Early life and career.
Marcellus A. Stovall was born in 1818 within the city of Sparta located in Hancock County, Georgia. He was the son of Pleasant Stovall, a successful merchant from Augusta. Stovall received his initial education at Wesleyan Academy in Wilbraham, Massachusetts, and then he returned home and enlisted as a private in the Georgia State volunteers in 1835. He served in the Richmond Blues (mounted infantry militia) during the Seminole Wars and was mustered out in 1837. 
Stovall entered the United States Military Academy at West Point on July 1, 1836, but resigned a year later in 1837 due to poor health. In 1839 he toured Europe, and then he became a merchant and served in the Georgia State Militia as a captain of artillery, serving with the Clinch Rifles. Stovall married Sarah G. McKinne in 1842, and he moved to an estate near Rome, located in Floyd County in 1846, where he was again a merchant and a militia captain, serving with the Cherokee Volunteer Artillery.
Civil War service.
At the beginning of the American Civil War in 1861, Stovall chose to follow his home state and the Confederate cause. He was appointed colonel of the 2nd Artillery Regiment in the Georgia forces in August, and entered the Confederate Army as a lieutenant colonel in the 3rd Georgia Battalion, which was assigned to the Confederate Capital of Richmond, Virginia. Stovall then served at Lynchburg, Goldsboro, North Carolina, and in eastern Tennessee. He first saw combat in 1862 at Waldren's Ridge, and then accompanied Maj. Gen. Edmund Kirby Smith into Kentucky and the Trans-Mississippi Department.
Following the Kentucky Campaign from June to October 1862, Stovall was ordered to join Gen. Braxton Bragg's Army of Tennessee, and fought during the Battle of Stones River from December 31 to January 2, 1863. He was promoted to the rank of brigadier general on January 20, 1863. His brigade was assigned to Maj. Gen. John C. Breckinridge's Division in D.H. Hill's II Corps from June 6 to November 12. His brigade participated in the Siege of Jackson in Mississippi on May 14.
Stovall's command fought in the Western Theater actions of Battle of Chickamauga in September 1863, and the Atlanta Campaign throughout 1864. He was "warmly commended" by Breckinridge for his performance during the Battle of Chickamauga. After the fall of Atlanta on September 2, 1864, Stovall and his brigade (now part of Clayton's Division) fought in the Franklin-Nashville Campaign that fall and then the Carolinas Campaign in 1865 with what was left of the Army of Tennessee. 
Stovall surrendered his command with Gen. Joseph E. Johnston's army in North Carolina, in the spring of 1865, and he was paroled on May 9.
Postbellum.
After the American Civil War ended in 1865, Stovall worked as a cotton broker, then became a merchant of farming supplies. Later he organized and became manager of the Georgia Chemical Works, engaging in the manufacture of fertilizers.
Stovall served as a city alderman and then police commissioner of Augusta, and was quite active in the Confederate Survivors Association. In 1878 he married for the second time to Courtney Augusta Peck. Stovall died in 1895 at the age of 76 in Augusta, Georgia, and was buried there in Magnolia Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19762856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762856" title="Baťa's Skyscraper">
Baťa's Skyscraper

Baťa's Skyscraper, also known as Building No. 21 is a skyscraper in Zlín, Czech Republic. It is 77.5 metres high and has sixteen floors. It was the administration building of the shoemaking factory Bata Shoes. Now it is headquarters of the Zlín Region. This building was one of the first high-rise buildings in Europe—being the second tallest pre-war skyscraper after Antwerp's Boerentoren. The building is in constructivist architecture and was designed by Vladimír Karfík. 
The building was built between 1937 and 1938 at the order of Jan Antonín Baťa.

</doc>
<doc id="19762868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762868" title="Buck Owens Sings Harlan Howard">
Buck Owens Sings Harlan Howard

Buck Owens Sings Harlan Howard is an album by Buck Owens, released in 1961.
Harlan Howard wrote many of Buck Owens' biggest hits, including "I've Got a Tiger By the Tail," "Above and Beyond," "Excuse Me (I Think I've Got a Heartache)," and "Under the Influence of Love".
The CD re-issue in 1997 by Sundazed Records includes "Foolin' Around", the single that reached Number two on the Billboard Country singles charts.
Track listing.
All songs by Harlan Howard unless otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="19762873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762873" title="Washington Nationals minor league players">
Washington Nationals minor league players

Minor league players for Washington Nationals:
Players.
Aaron Barrett.
Aaron Barrett (born January 2, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Washington Nationals organization. 
Barrett attended Wabash Valley College for two years before transferring to the University of Mississippi.
Barrett was drafted in the 2006, 2008 and 2009 Major League Baseball Drafts, but did not sign. He signed after being drafted by the Washington Nationals in the ninth round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft.
Barrett played in the Arizona Fall League in 2012. He started the 2013 season with the Harrisburg Senators.
Jeff Mandel.
Jeff Mandel (born April 30, 1985) is a North American professional baseball player. He is a right-handed pitching prospect in the Washington Nationals organization. Mandel attended Baylor University and was selected by the Nationals in the 19th round of the 2007 amateur draft.
After being drafted by Washington, Mandel began his minor-league career pitching for the Vermont Lake Monsters in the short-season New York-Penn League. He was subsequently promoted to the low-A-level Hagerstown Suns of the South Atlantic League. During the 2007 season he logged a total of 63⅔ innings in 13 starts and two relief appearances, winning 4, losing 7, and recording a 6.64 ERA while striking out 50 batters and issuing just 18 bases on balls.
Danny Rosenbaum.
Daniel Eric Rosenbaum (born October 10, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Washington Nationals organization.
Rosenbaum attended Loveland High School and Xavier University, where he played college baseball for the Xavier Musketeers baseball team. The Washington Nationals selected Rosenbaum in the 22nd round of the 2009 MLB Draft. The Colorado Rockies selected Rosenbaum from the Nationals in the 2012 Rule 5 draft. The Rockies returned Rosenbaum to the Nationals before Opening Day in 2013.
Matt Skole.
Matthew Thomas Skole (born July 30, 1989) is a third baseman in the Washington Nationals organization. 
Skole was drafted by the Washington Nationals in the fifth round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft out of the Georgia Institute of Technology.
In 2012, Skole was the South Atlantic League MVP and Nationals Minor League Player of the Year after hitting .291/.426/.559 with 27 home runs and 104 runs batted in.
Prior to the 2013 season, Skole was ranked as the Nationals fourth best prospect by "Baseball America".
Sammy Solis.
Samuel Solis (born August 10, 1988 in Litchfield Park, Arizona) is a minor league baseball pitcher for the Washington Nationals organization. He is currently assigned to their Class-A affiliate, the Potomac Nationals.
Solis was drafted by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 18th round of the 2007 MLB Draft, but he did not sign in order to play college baseball. Solis attended the University of San Diego, where he played for the San Diego Toreros baseball team. He was drafted again by the Nationals in the second round of the 2010 MLB Draft. Before the 2012 season, MLB.com rated Solis as the 86th best prospect in baseball. He had Tommy John surgery and returned to Potomac in 2013.
After the 2013 season, the Nationals added Solis to their 40-man roster.
Steven Souza.
Steven Souza (born April 24, 1989) is an outfielder n the Washington Nationals organization. He was added to the 40 man roster on November 1, 2013.
Michael Taylor.
Michael Taylor (born March 26, 1991) is a professional baseball outfielder in the Washington Nationals organization. He was added to the teams 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Drew Vettleson.
Drew G. Vettleson (born July 19, 1991) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Washington Nationals organization. 
Vettleson was drafted by the Tampa Bay Rays in the first round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft out of Central Kitsap High School in Silverdale, Washington. He was committed to Oregon State University, but signed with the Rays.
On February 13, 2014 Vettleson, José Lobatón and Felipe Rivero, were traded to the Washington Nationals for Nathan Karns.
Rob Wort.
Rob Wort (born February 7, 1989) is a Minor League Baseball Pitcher in the Washington Nationals organization. He is currently assigned to their Class-A affiliate, the Potomac Nationals.
Wort was drafted by the Washington Nationals in the 30th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. He attended Francis Howell North High School in St. Charles, Missouri. Following High School, he played two seasons at Jefferson College, where he had 15 saves in 2 seasons for the Vikings.>
During the Summer of 2008 Rob played for the Duluth Huskies in the Northwoods League, a summer collegiate wooden bat baseball league.
Full Triple-A to Rookie League rosters.
Below are the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Washington Nationals:

</doc>
<doc id="19762874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762874" title="Midway, Virginia">
Midway, Virginia

Midway, Virginia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19762877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762877" title="Uncle Vanya (disambiguation)">
Uncle Vanya (disambiguation)

Uncle Vanya is a play by Anton Chekhov.
Uncle Vanya may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19762881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762881" title="Li Boqing">
Li Boqing

Li Boqing (Chinese: 李伯清) （born in Chengdu in February, 1947） is a famous Sichuanese artist.
Biography.
Before working as a stand-up comic, he has been working as porter, woodcutter and chef.
He is one of the first performers of “Pingshu” (评书) in Sichuan. Pingshu or “storytelling” is one of forms of entertainment for average people in north China.
He became a well-known name in Chengdu in early 1990s when his shows began to be shown on Chengdu Television Station. He has founded the sanda pingshu style(散打评书). The topics of his performances ranges from stories in the Chinese classics such as “Romance of Three Kingdoms”（三国演义）and “Water Margin”（水浒）to modern stories on relationships and everyday life, as well as discussion on traditional ethics.
His humorous style of talking is popular in Chengdu, Chongqing and other regions in Sichuan.
Li Boqing has also acted as leading role in dialect TV series and movies, such as “the unexpected encounter in the city of ghost” ( 鬼城奇遇), “When three happiness come together”( 三喜临门), “Lottery of a million yuan” (百万彩票) and “The army of mahjong”( 麻将棒棒军).
In October 2007, Li Boqing decided to be a Buddhist monk in Sanmei Temple in Pengzhou County (彭州三昧禅林). In an interview, he disclosed that he had been a Buddhist for many years. He chose to live in the temple as a lifestyle after retirement. He also said he would give up all commercial performances but he would attend charity ones.

</doc>
<doc id="19762900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762900" title="Chicago Cubs minor league players">
Chicago Cubs minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Chicago Cubs system:
Players.
C. J. Edwards.
Carl Fleming Edwards (born September 3, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago Cubs organization. He was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the 48th round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft out of Mid-Carolina High School in Prosperity, South Carolina. On July 22, 2013, Edwards along with Mike Olt and Justin Grimm were traded to the Chicago Cubs for Matt Garza.
Jae-Hoon Ha.
Jae-Hoon Ha (born October 29, 1990) is a South Korean professional baseball right fielder in minor league baseball organization of the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball. He was named to appear in the 2012 All-Star Futures Game.
Kyle Hendricks.
Kyle C. Hendricks (born December 7, 1989) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Chicago Cubs organization.
Hendricks attended Capistrano Valley High School in Mission Viejo, California, and Dartmouth College. He played college baseball for the Dartmouth Big Green. The Texas Rangers selected Hendricks in the eighth round of the 2011 MLB Draft. The Cubs acquired Hendricks with Christian Villanueva for Ryan Dempster at the 2012 trade deadline. The Cubs promoted Hendricks to the Iowa Cubs of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League in 2013.
Pierce Johnson.
Pierce W. Johnson (born May 10, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago Cubs organization. 
Johnson was drafted by the Tampa Bay Rays in the 15th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft out of Faith Christian Academy in Arvada, Colorado. He did not sign and attended Missouri State University. He was then drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the first round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft.
In 2013 he went 11-6 with a 2.74 earned run average and 124 strikeouts in 118 innings pitched.
Trey McNutt.
Kenneth Trey McNutt (born August 2, 1989) is a pitcher in the Chicago Cubs organization. He was added to the team's 40-man roster on November 20, 2012. He was outrighted off the roster on October 9, 2013.
Prior to the 2011 season, McNutt was rated as the 48th-best prospect in baseball by Baseball America.
Starling Peralta.
Starling Peralta (born November 11, 1990) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago Cubs organization.
Peralta was suspended by Major League Baseball for fifty games in 2008 for using performance-enhancing drugs. The Arizona Diamondbacks selected Peralta in the 2012 Rule 5 draft, but returned him to the Cubs prior to the 2013 season.
Christian Villanueva.
Christian Villanueva (born June 19, 1991) is a minor league baseball third baseman in the Chicago Cubs organization.
"Baseball America" rated Villanueva the 100th best prospect in baseball prior to the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19762909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762909" title="Diego de Ocampo">
Diego de Ocampo

The Diego de Ocampo is the highest point in the Cordillera Septentrional in the Santiago Province, Dominican Republic. "Diego de Ocampo" was the name of a rebelled slave who pillaged and sabotaged plantations in Concepción de la Vega, San Juan de la Maguana, Azua de Compostela and Bahoruco. He made a truce with the Spanish authorities, but rebelled again soon after. Later on he was captured and executed by Spanish troops, according to Governor Cerrato and the Oidor Grajeada in 1546.

</doc>
<doc id="19762913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762913" title="Meet Me on Cassiopeia">
Meet Me on Cassiopeia

Meet Me on Cassiopeia () is a 1951 Danish musical film directed by Torben Anton Svendsen and starring Bodil Kjer.

</doc>
<doc id="19762927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762927" title="Cincinnati Reds minor league players">
Cincinnati Reds minor league players

Below are the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Cincinnati Reds, and short biographies on some of the top prospects in the organization:
Tucker Barnhart.
Tucker J. Barnhart (born January 7, 1991) is an American professional baseball player. A catcher, Barnhart plays in minor league baseball as a member of the Cincinnati Reds organization.
Barnhart attended Brownsburg High School in Brownsburg, Indiana, and played for the school's baseball team. He committed to attend the Georgia Institute of Technology on a baseball scholarship, to play for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets. In his senior year at Brownsburg, he was named "Mr. Baseball" for the state of Indiana.
Heading into the 2009 MLB Draft, "Baseball America" rated Barnhart as the best available player from Indiana. Due to his commitment to Georgia Tech, he fell to the tenth round, when he was chosen by the Cincinnati Reds with the 299th overall selection. Barnhart opted to sign with the Reds, rather than enroll at Georgia Tech.
In 2010, he played for the Billings Mustangs of the Rookie-level Pioneer League. In 2011, he played for the Dayton Dragons of the Class A Midwest League. He spent the 2012 season with the Bakersfield Blaze of the Class A-Advanced California League and Pensacola Blue Wahoos of the Class AA Southern League. He played for Pensacola in 2013, and was named a Southern League All-Star. He was added to the Reds 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Barnhart is a childhood friend of Gordon Hayward and Drew Storen.
Carlos Contreras.
Carlos Manuel Contreras (born January 8, 1991) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher in the Cincinnati Reds organization.
The Cincinnati Reds added Contreras to their 40-man roster after the 2012 season. He was named to appear in the 2013 All Star Futures Game.
Juan Duran.
Juan Albert Duran (born September 2, 1991) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder for the Cincinnati Reds organization.
Duran played for the Bakersfield Blaze of the Class A-Advanced California League in 2013. He hit three home runs on his 22nd birthday. In 111 games in 2013, he batted .251 with 20 home runs and 66 RBIs. He added 55 runs, 15 doubles, and three triples. The Reds added Duran to their 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Ryan LaMarre.
Ryan M. LaMarre (born November 21, 1988) is a professional baseball outfielder for the Cincinnati Reds organization.
LaMarre attended the University of Michigan, where he played college baseball for the Michigan Wolverines baseball team. He was selected by the Reds in the second round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft. He was added to the Reds 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Seth Mejias-Brean.
Seth Mejias-Brean (born April 5, 1991) is a professional baseball third baseman for the Cincinnati Reds organization.
Mejias-Brean attended the University of Arizona, where he played college baseball for the Arizona Wildcats baseball team and was a member of the national champion 2012 Arizona Wildcats baseball team. He was selected by the Reds in the eighth round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft.
In 2012, he was named a Pioneer League post-season All-Star. He was rated as the 17th-best prospect in the Reds organization prior to the 2013 season. 
Chad Rogers.
Chad Rogers (born August 3, 1989) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Cincinnati Reds organization. He was added to the teams 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
He was drafted by the Reds in the 28th round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft out of Galveston College. Three weeks after getting drafted, he was bitten by a shark while surfing in Galveston, Texas.
Nick Schmidt.
Nick Schmidt (born October 10, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Cincinnati Reds organization. Schmidt was drafted by the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball with the 23rd overall pick in the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft. He played college baseball for the Arkansas Razorbacks.
Schmidt was born in St. Louis, Missouri and attended St. John Vianney High School. Schmidt attended the University of Arkansas, where he was named a second team All-American in 2006 while a sophomore. During the 2006 season, he had a 9-3 record with a 3.01 ERA in 117 innings. Schmidt was the 2006 Southeastern Conference pitcher of the year as a sophomore. He enjoyed success while on the Arkansas' campus, being named an All-American as a freshman. Schmidt is the all-time strikeout leader at Arkansas. His range in speed is comfortably in the 88-92 range and also includes a solid slider and changeup, which provides a three-pitch system for Schmidt. He has the ability along with the size and strength to survive long innings while maintaining good velocity, and the natural pitching ability of Schmidt gives him the ability to get batters out even without his very best stuff.
Schmidt was drafted by the San Diego Padres with the 23rd overall pick of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft and signed with the Padres as on June 28, 2007. In that year, he made his professional debut with the Class A Fort Wayne Wizards of the Midwest League, appearing in three games. Schmidt missed the entire 2008 season after having reconstructive surgery on his elbow. He spent the 2009 season playing with both Fort Wayne and the Lake Elsinore Storm, compiling a combined 6-8 record with a 5.24 ERA and 1.72 WHIP. The 2010 season was spent with Class A+ Lake Elsinore, where he went 6-9 with a 4.24 ERA and 1.97 WHIP. In 2011, Schmidt appeared again with Lake Elsinore as well as with the rookie-league Arizona League Padres. He had a combined 4-6 record a with 3.91 ERA and a 1.34 WHIP.
On December 9, 2011, the Padres sent Schmidt to the Colorado Rockies as the player to be named later to complete a trade for Huston Street.
Schmidt signed a minor league deal with the Cincinnati Reds on November 21, 2013.
Jesse Winker.
Jesse Winker (born August 17, 1993) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Cincinnati Reds organization. 
Winker was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the first round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft out of Olympia High School in Orlando, Florida.
Winker made his professional debut for the Billings Mustangs in 2012. He finished the season playing in 62 games, hitting .338/.443/.500 with five home runs in 228 at-bats. Prior to the 2013 season, Winker was ranked by Baseball America as the Reds sixth best prospect. He played the season with the Dayton Dragons. For the season he played in 112 games, hitting .281/.379/.463 with 16 home runs in 417 at bats. Before the 2014 season, he was ranked by Baseball America as the Reds fourth best prospect.

</doc>
<doc id="19762958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762958" title="Pittsburgh Pirates minor league players">
Pittsburgh Pirates minor league players

Below are the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Pittsburgh Pirates:
Players.
Tyler Glasnow.
Tyler Glasnow (born August 23, 1993) is a professional baseball player in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization.
Glasnow attended Hart High School in Santa Clarita, California. Glasnow was drafted by the Pirates in the 5th Round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft. He broke a commitment to the University of Portland by signing with the Pirates for a $600,000 signing bonus. Glasnow is 6’8″ and can throw his fastball 97 mph.
Alen Hanson.
Alen Rery Hanson (born October 22, 1992) is a professional baseball infielder in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization.
Hanson signed as an international free agent with the Pirates on July 14, 2009 for $150,000. In 2011, while playing for the Gulf Coast League Pirates, Hanson lead the Gulf Coast League in triples. In July 2012, Hanson was named the #40 prospect in baseball by Baseball America in their Midseason Top 50 Prospects List. He spent the 2012 season with the West Virginia Power. Prior to the 2013 season, Hanson was ranked as the 54th best prospect in baseball by MLB.com, and as the 61st best prospect in baseball by Baseball America.
Hanson was promoted to Double-A Altoona on July 28, 2013. Hanson hit .291 with a .783 OPS in 92 games for the High Class A Bradenton Marauders before his promotion. He was added to the Pirates 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Luis Heredia.
Luis Eduardo Heredia Orozco (born August 10, 1994) is a Mexican professional baseball pitcher in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization.
The Pirates signed Heredia in August 2010 for a $2,600,000 signing bonus. Kevin Goldstein of "Baseball Prospectus" ranked Heredia the 81st best prospect in baseball prior to the 2011 season. Heredia made his pro debut on June 21, 2011, for the Gulf Coast League Pirates. Kevin Goldstein of "Baseball Prospectus" ranked Heredia the 42nd best prospect in baseball prior to the 2012 season. He spent the 2012 season with the State College Spikes. Prior to the 2013 season, Heredia was ranked as the 78th best prospect in baseball by Baseball America.
Nick Kingham.
Nick Gordon Kingham (born November 8, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization. 
Kingham was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the fourth round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft out of Sierra Vista High School in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Kingham started the 2013 season with the High-A Bradenton Marauders and was promoted to Double-A Altoona Curve during the season.
Wyatt Mathisen.
Wyatt Lane Mathisen (born December 30, 1993) is a professional baseball player in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization.
Mathisen attended Calallen High School in Corpus Christi, Texas. As a junior at Calallen, Mathisen was named to the All-State Tournament team, a District 31-4A MVP, a Max Prep All-American, a Perfect Game USA All-American, the South Texas Player-of-the-Year and was a member of the Texas Rangers Area Code team. As a senior at Calallen, Mathisen hit .433 with 13 home runs and 40 RBI. Mathisen was drafted by the Pirates in the 2nd Round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft. Mathisen broke a commitment to the University of Texas by signing with the Pirates for a $746,300 signing bonus. In June 2012, Mathisen started his pro career with the Gulf Coast League Pirates.
Aaron Pribanic.
Benjamin Aaron Pribanic (born September 1, 1986) is a baseball pitcher in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization. He is currently playing for the Pirates' Double-A affiliate, the Altoona Curve. He was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the 3rd round, 98th overall pick, of the 2008 draft. On July 29, 2009, he was acquired by the Pirates from the Mariners; along with Jeff Clement, Ronny Cedeño, Brett Lorin, and Nathan Adcock; in exchange for Jack Wilson, Ian Snell, and cash considerations.
Prior to his professional career, Pribanic played while attending college at Hutchinson Community College and the University of Nebraska. He is also the grandson of former-New York Yankee, Jim Coates. Pribanic stated in 2011, that he picked up his passion for the baseball from his grandfather.
Joely Rodríguez.
Joely Rodríguez (born November 14, 1991) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization. 
Rodríguez signed with the Pirates for a $55,000 signing bonus in March 2009. He was added to the team's 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Casey Sadler.
Casey S. Sadler (born July 13, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates organization.
Sadler attended Western Oklahoma State College for two years. The Pirates selected Sadler in the 25th round of the 2010 MLB Draft. The Pirates added Salder to their 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Óscar Tejeda.
Moises Oscar Tejeda (born December 26, 1989 in Sabana Grande de Palenque, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican professional baseball infielder in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization.
Tejeda was signed as an International Free Agent by the Boston Red Sox in 2006. He split the 2007 season between the Gulf Coast League Red Sox and the Lowell Spinners. In January 2008, Baseball America named Tejeda the #9 prospect in the Red Sox system. He played for the Greenville Drive in 2008 and 2009. In 2010, while playing for the Salem Red Sox, he was named a Carolina League Mid-Season All Star and Post Season All Star, and was named the Carolina League's All Star Game Top Star. On April 26, 2010, Tejeda was named the Carolina League player of the week. In November 2010, the Red Sox added Tejeda to the 40-man roster to protect him the 2010 Rule 5 Draft. In 2011, he played for the Double AA Portland Sea Dogs. He returned to Portland in 2012, before being designated for assignment on June 24, 2012, to make room for Brent Lillibridge. Tejeda was claimed by the Pittsburgh Pirates on June 27, 2012.
Zack Thornton.
Zachary James Thornton (born May 19, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization.
Thornton enrolled at Ventura College. The San Francisco Giants selected him in the 43rd round of the 2008 MLB Draft, but he opted not to sign. He transferred to the University of Oregon, to continue his college career with the Oregon Ducks. The Oakland Athletics selected Thornton in the 23rd round of the 2010 MLB Draft, and he signed. Thornton made his professional debut with the Vancouver Canadians of the Class A-Short Season Northwest League.
In 2011, Thornton had a 5-4 win-loss record, a 2.39 earned run average, and 82 strikeouts for the Burlington Bees of the Class A Midwest League. At mid-season, he appeared in the Midwest League All-Star Game. He pitched for the Stockton Ports of the Class A-Advanced California League in 2012. The Athletics traded Thornton to the Pittsburgh Pirates after the 2012 season for Chris Resop. In the 2013 season, Thornton recorded 90 strikeouts to 12 walks. He was considered a potential selection in the 2013 Rule 5 draft, but he was not selected.

</doc>
<doc id="19762974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762974" title="KGHM Dialog Polish Indoors">
KGHM Dialog Polish Indoors

The KGHM Dialog Polish Indoors was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It was held annually at the Hala Orbita in Wrocław, Poland, from 2000 through 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19762990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762990" title="López Municipality">
López Municipality

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 3,914. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 40 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19762997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19762997" title="St. Louis Cardinals minor league players">
St. Louis Cardinals minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the St. Louis Cardinals system and rosters of their minor league affiliates:
Tim Cooney.
Timothy Manus Cooney (born December 19, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals organization.
Cooney attended Malvern Preparatory School in Malvern, Pennsylvania. Pitching for Malvern's baseball team, Cooney won a state championship in 2009. Though Cooney received scholarship offers from Ivy League universities, he chose to enroll at Wake Forest University to play college baseball for the Wake Forest Demon Deacons baseball team in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). As a sophomore, Cooney was named to the All-ACC second team.
The Cardinals chose Cooney in the third round, with the 117th overall selection, of the 2012 MLB Draft. In 2013, Cooney was promoted to the Springfield Cardinals of the Class AA Texas League. The Cardinals invited Cooney to spring training in 2014.
Eric Fornataro.
Eric Anthony Fornataro (born January 2, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher in minor league baseball.
The Cardinals selected Fornataro in the sixth round, with the 185th overall selection, in the 2008 MLB Draft from Miami-Dade Community College. Fornataro was added to the Cardinals' 40 man roster after the 2012 season. 
Greg Garcia.
Greg Joseph Garcia (born August 8, 1989) is an American professional baseball shortstop for the St. Louis Cardinals organization.
Garcia attended the University of Hawaii at Manoa. The Cardinals selected him in the 7th round of the 2010 MLB Draft. He was added to the Cardinals' 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Nick Greenwood.
Nicholas Greenwood (born September 28, 1987) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the St. Louis Cardinals organization. Greenwood went to Rhode Island University. He was drafted by the San Diego Padres in 14th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. Greenwood would pitch in the Padres farm system until he was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals on July 31, 2010. 
After the 2011 season, Nick was invited to the St. Louis Cardinals spring training camp as a non-roster invitee. 
Randal Grichuk.
Randal Alexander Grichuk (born August 13, 1991) is a professional baseball outfielder for the St. Louis Cardinals organization.
In 2004, Grichuk participated in the Little League World Series for Lamar National of Richmond, Texas. He was featured in "Sports Illustrated"s "Faces in the Crowd" section in July 2005.
Grichuk attended Lamar Consolidated High School in Rosenberg, Texas. He committed to attend the University of Arizona. The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim drafted Grichuk in the first round, with the 24th overall selection, in the 2009 MLB Draft, one selection ahead of Mike Trout. Grichuk signed with the Angels, rather than attend college.
A series of three unusual injuries have delayed the outfield prospect's development. First, he tore a ligament after just 12 games in . Second, he batted a foul ball that fractured his knee cap. Finally, while diving for a ball, he broke his wrist. In , his first full season, Grichuk played 135 games and batted .298 with 18 home runs (HR) and 71 runs batted in (RBI) with the Class-A Inland Empire 66ers. He was promoted the Double-A Arkansas Travelers in , and made 128 appearances, .256 with 22 HR and 64 RBI. In October, 2013, Rawlings and MiLB announced Grichuk was the recipient of the Minor League Gold Glove Award for right field.
According to "Baseball America"'s Kary Booher, Grichuck possesses an athletic frame with average arm and enough range to profile into an outfield corner slot. Through 2013, he has shown a low walk rate but has enough balance and bat control to bat .260 or higher in the major leagues.
The Angels added Grichuk to their 40-man roster on November 20, 2013. Two days later, the Angels traded Grichuk along with Peter Bourjos to the St. Louis Cardinals for David Freese and Fernando Salas.
Tyrell Jenkins.
Tyrell D. Jenkins (born July 20, 1992) is a professional baseball pitcher in the St. Louis Cardinals organization.
The Cardinals drafted Jenkins in the first round (50th overall) of the 2010 MLB Draft. Keith Law of ESPN.com ranked Jenkins the 74th best prospect in baseball prior to the 2012 season.
Rob Kaminsky.
Rob Nathaniel Kaminsky (born September 2, 1994) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the St. Louis Cardinals organization. He was drafted by the Cardinals in the first round of the 2013 Major League Baseball Draft. He attended Saint Joseph Regional High School in Montvale, New Jersey.
Mike O'Neill.
Mike O'Neill (born February 12, 1988) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the St. Louis Cardinals organization.
O'Neill attended the University of Southern California. The Cardinals selected him in the 31st round of the 2010 MLB Draft.
O'Neill was named a Texas League All-Star after the 2013 season. The Cardinals added him to their 40-man roster after the season.
Zach Petrick.
Zachary Petrick (born July 29, 1989) is an American professional baseball player for the St. Louis Cardinals organization.
Petrick graduated from Morris Community High School in Morris, Illinois. He then enrolled at Joliet Junior College. He transferred to the University of Northwestern Ohio, and was signed by the St. Louis Cardinals as an undrafted free agent. He played the 2012 season with the Johnson City Cardinals of the Rookie-level Appalachian League. He began the 2013 season with the Peoria Chiefs of the Class A Midwest League, and received midseason promotions to the Palm Beach Cardinals of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League and Springfield Cardinals of the Class AA Texas League.
His brother, Billy Petrick, played in Major League Baseball.
Jordan Swagerty.
Matthew Jordan Swagerty (born July 14, 1989) is a professional baseball pitcher in the St. Louis Cardinals organization.
Swagerty was drafted by the Colorado Rockies in the 44th round of the 2008 MLB Draft out of Prestonwood Christian Academy, but did not sign, opting to attend college. Swagerty attended Arizona State University, where he played for the Arizona State Sun Devils baseball team in the Pacific-10 Conference. Out of Arizona State, the Cardinals drafted Swagerty in the second round of the 2010 MLB Draft.
Keith Law of ESPN.com ranked Swagerty the 92nd best prospect in baseball prior to the 2012 season.
He was scheduled to undergo season-ending surgery in early April 2012, to remove bone spurs in his right elbow, and Tommy John surgery to repair a ligament. He was ranked #7 in the Cardinals' organization, pitching at the Double-A Springfield Cardinals.

</doc>
