<doc id="19550140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550140" title="October 2008 in sports">
October 2008 in sports

__NOTOC__
See also: 2008 in sports, 

</doc>
<doc id="19550145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550145" title="List of Ohio covered bridges">
List of Ohio covered bridges

This is a list of Ohio covered bridges. There are over 125 historic wooden covered bridges in the U.S. state of Ohio. Many are still in use. Ashtabula County has 17 covered bridges, including a lattice truss bridge. Fairfield County has 18 covered bridges. The Smolen-Gulf Bridge, at 613 feet, is the longest in both Ohio and the United States. The West Liberty Covered Bridge, at 18 feet, is the shortest in both.

</doc>
<doc id="19550155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550155" title="Compiler construction">
Compiler construction

Compiler construction is an area of computer science that deals with the theory and practice of developing programming languages and their associated compilers.
The theoretical portion is primarily concerned with syntax, grammar and semantics of programming languages. One could say that this gives this particular area of computer science a strong tie with linguistics. Some courses on compiler construction will include a simplified grammar of a spoken language that can be used to form a valid sentence for the purposes of providing students with an analogy to help them understand how grammar works for programming languages.
The practical portion covers actual implementation of compilers for languages. Students will typically end up writing the front end of a compiler for a simplistic teaching language, such as Micro.
Lexical Analysis.
The first phase of compilation is lexical analysis of the source code. This phase involves grouping the characters into lexemes. Lexemes belong to "token classes" such as "integer", "identifier", or "whitespace". A "token" of the form <token-class, attribute-value> is produced for each lexeme. Lexical analysis is also called "scanning".
Syntax Analysis.
The second phase of constructing a compiler is syntax analysis. The output of lexical analyser is used to create a representation which shows the grammatical structure of the tokens. Syntax analysis is also called "parsing".

</doc>
<doc id="19550195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550195" title="2009 Major League Baseball Draft">
2009 Major League Baseball Draft

The 2009 Major League Baseball First-Year Player Draft was held June 9 to June 11 at the MLB Network Studios in Secaucus, New Jersey.
The drafting order is as follows:
Supplemental first-round selections.
From Baseball America

</doc>
<doc id="19550199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550199" title="John Stocker (scientist)">
John Stocker (scientist)

John Wilcox Stocker AO (born 23 April 1945) is an Australian immunologist and the former Chairman of the Board of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), the national government body for scientific research in Australia. Stocker is a former Chief Scientist of Australia.
Education.
Stocker's undergraduate studies were at the University of Melbourne, completing his Bachelor of Medical Science in 1969, and his Bachelor of Medicine/Bachelor of Surgery in 1970. In 1976, he completed his Ph.D. at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne.
Career.
On completion of his studies, Stocker joined the Basel Institute for Immunology in Switzerland and in 1979 he took a position with Hoffmann–La Roche in Basel. At Hoffmann–La Roche, his first role involved the study of monoclonal antibodies and leading a task force investigating opportunities for scientific and commercial development of biotechnology-based vaccines. While with Hoffmann–La Roche, he would later serve as Director of Pharmaceutical Research. In 1987, Stocker returned to Australia as the founding Managing Director of the commercial biomedical company, AMRAD Corporation Ltd.
CSIRO.
Stocker was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of the CSIRO in 1990 and held the role until 1995. In 1996, Stocker was appointed by the Minister for Science and Technology, Peter McGauran, to the position of Chief Scientist of Australia. The role was a part-time position, Stocker working one day a week. He left the position in 1999.
Stocker returned to the CSIRO in June 2007, this time as Chairman. He completed his term at CSIRO Chairman on 27 June 2010 and was succeeded by Mr Simon McKeon. He is the chair of Sigma Pharmaceuticals and a non-executive director of the Australian telecommunications company, Telstra.
Other appointments.
Stocker is a Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Physicians and the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering. In 1992, "The Australian" newspaper named Stocker as its Australian of the Year. He was made an Officer in the Order of Australia (AO) in 1999 for services to Australian scientific and technological research and in 2001 was awarded the Centenary Medal for outstanding service to science and technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19550237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550237" title="Aquin (disambiguation)">
Aquin (disambiguation)

Aquin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19550247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550247" title="List of Galatasaray S.K. presidents">
List of Galatasaray S.K. presidents

Galatasaray SK is a sports club based in Istanbul, Turkey that competes in Süper Lig, the most senior football league in Turkey. Since its founding in 1905, the club has had 34 different presidents. The club is owned by the club-members of Galatasay SK, and similarly to a limited liability company, they elect the president by a ballot. The president has the responsibility for the overall management of the club, including formally signing contracts with players and staff. In Turkey, it is customary for the president to watch the games in which the first-team participates, together with the president from the opposing team.
Since its foundation, Galatasaray SK has been owned and operated only by its members (all Turkish), unlike most European football clubs. Ali Sami Yen remains the longest-running president of The Lions (14 years, from 1905 to 1919).
List of presidents.
Below is the official presidential history of Galatasaray SK, from when Ali Sami Yen took over at the club in 1905, until the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="19550264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550264" title="We Love You (OMD song)">
We Love You (OMD song)

"We Love You" is a song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released as the second single taken from their 1986 album, "The Pacific Age".

</doc>
<doc id="19550300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550300" title="Akira Takeuchi">
Akira Takeuchi

Akira Takeuchi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19550345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550345" title="Shame (OMD song)">
Shame (OMD song)

"Shame" is a song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released as the third single taken from their 1986 album, "The Pacific Age", although it is actually a rerecording made after the album's release.
"Shame" was scheduled for release as a single whilst OMD were still on tour. The band had suggested "Stay" as a possible single from the album, but label Virgin thought "Shame" had more potential. The band relented, although feeling the album version was a bit slow, recruited producer Rhett Davies to give the song more of a polish.
This single marked OMD's first CD single release. It was issued in a gatefold sleeve featuring a sepia-toned photo of the band on the gatefold along with track details.

</doc>
<doc id="19550391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550391" title="Archambault (disambiguation)">
Archambault (disambiguation)

Archambault may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19550414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550414" title="Previn">
Previn

Previn is a surname that can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19550423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550423" title="1 52 honeycomb">
1 52 honeycomb

In geometry, the 152 honeycomb is a uniform tessellation of 8-dimensional Euclidean space. It contains 142 and 151 facets, in a birectified 8-simplex vertex figure. It is the final figure in the 1k2 polytope family.
Construction.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 9 hyperplane mirrors in 8-dimensional space.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram.
Removing the node on the end of the 2-length branch leaves the 8-demicube, 151.
Removing the node on the end of the 5-length branch leaves the 142.
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes the birectified 8-simplex, 052.

</doc>
<doc id="19550425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550425" title="Lucy Joan Slater">
Lucy Joan Slater

Lucy Joan Slater (born 5 January 1922; died 6 June 2008) was a mathematician who worked on hypergeometric functions, and who found many generalizations of the Rogers–Ramanujan identities. In the early 1950s she played a leading role at Cambridge University in devising a precursor of modern computer operating systems, and subsequently she helped to develop computer programs for econometrics, working for much of the time with UK government officials.
In retirement she devoted much of her time to genealogy.
Her (unpublished) memoirs include descriptions of life as a teenager in Portsmouth during the bombing of the Second World War, and of working with early computers at Cambridge.
She is buried at the Parish of the Ascension Burial Ground in Cambridge; in 1997 she completed a remarkable listing of all the graves and their inscriptions in the burial ground; she wrote a paper called "A Walk round the Ascension Burial Ground, Cambridge" which describes over 100 of the graves as though the reader is walking around the burial ground and includes detailed maps. The fourth edition is dated December 1994. 
She herself was buried there in 2008, in the same grave as her mother Lucy Dalton Slater (1893 - 1975), widow of John Wardle Slater F.I.C., Admiralty chemist, buried in Portsmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="19550443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550443" title="Oraukwu, Anambra">
Oraukwu, Anambra

Oraukwu is a town in Anambra State, Nigeria. It used to be called Ohaukwu. It is among the towns in Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State, and lies approximately 40 kilometers east of Onitsha along the old Enugu–Onitsha trunk road. It is around 20 km southwest of local government center Awka.

</doc>
<doc id="19550444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550444" title="2 51 honeycomb">
2 51 honeycomb

In 8-dimensional geometry, the 251 honeycomb is a space-filling uniform tessellation. It is composed of 241 polytope and 8-simplex facets arranged in a 8-demicube vertex figure. It is the final figure in the 2k1 family.
Construction.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 9 hyperplane mirrors in 8-dimensional space.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram.
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the 8-simplex. 
Removing the node on the end of the 5-length branch leaves the 241. 
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes the 8-demicube, 151.
The edge figure is the vertex figure of the vertex figure. This makes the rectified 7-simplex, 051.

</doc>
<doc id="19550467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550467" title="Dreaming (OMD song)">
Dreaming (OMD song)

"Dreaming" is a song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released in 1988 as a single from their compilation album, "The Best of OMD". It was the last single before the band split-up, with only Andy McCluskey to carry on working under the OMD banner, and not releasing another record for three years. While not overly successful in the UK (where it barely made the top 50), the song was the band's second most successful chart entry on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, reaching #16.
Stewart Mason, in a positive review for Allmusic, described the song as "dynamite", and wrote: "['Dreaming'] is easily the group's best single since 1983's 'Telegraph'...It's a near-perfect pop song, perhaps the last great single by an '80s synth-pop band."
The cover art was designed by Stylorouge, with photography by Andrew Catlin.
B-sides.
All the single versions include "Satellite" as a B-side. The other B-side, "Gravity Never Failed", was a bonus track on the CD single. This song was originally titled "Georgia" and dates back to the 1981 "Architecture & Morality" sessions. However, the band lost their favour with the song and was thus shelved, and the title "Georgia" was given to a new song and featured on the album. 

</doc>
<doc id="19550471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550471" title="Novxanı">
Novxanı

Novxanı (also, Nobkhana, Novkhana, Novxana, and Novkhany) is a village and municipality in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,468. The name means "new house" in the Tat language.There is a water park in Novxani, the largest in The Caucasus

</doc>
<doc id="19550498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550498" title="Chasing the Sun (Tara Oram album)">
Chasing the Sun (Tara Oram album)

Chasing the Sun is the debut studio album by Canadian country music singer Tara Oram. It was released in Canada on October 7, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19550501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550501" title="Xicochi">
Xicochi

"Xicochi" is a 17th-century motet, written by Gaspar Fernandes while he was organist of Puebla Cathedral. It serves as an example of the influence of indigenous Nahua culture, dominant in Mesoamerica at the time, on colonial Spanish music. 
In 2000, Linda Ronstadt recorded the song for "A Merry Little Christmas".
Lyrics.
Nahuatl original.
"Xicochi, xicochi,Xicochi, xicochiXicochi conetzintleXicochi conetzintleCaomiz hui hui xoco in angelos meCaomiz hui hui xoco in angelos meCaomiz hui hui xoco in angelos meIn angelos me in angelos meAlleluya alleluya"
English translation.
Sleep, sleepSleep, sleepSleep, O my childSleep, O my childIndeed, the angels have come to call you (into the world)Indeed, the angels have come to call you (into the world)Indeed, the angels have come to call you (into the world)Alleluia, alleluia

</doc>
<doc id="19550532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550532" title="Raila Hovi">
Raila Hovi

Raila Hovi is a Finnish orienteering competitor. She received two medals at the 1966 World Orienteering Championships in Fiskars, a bronze medal in the individual contest (won by Ulla Lindkvist, 35 participants), and a silver medal in the relay with the Finnish team.

</doc>
<doc id="19550534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550534" title="Toy program">
Toy program

A toy program is a small computer program typically used for educational purposes. Toy programs are generally of little practical use, although the concepts implemented may be useful in a much more sophisticated program.
A toy program typically focuses on a specific problem, such as computing the Nth term in a sequence, finding the roots of a quadratic equation and testing if a number is prime.
Toy programs are also used for a developer trying out a new programming language, to test all of the language's syntax and coding methods.

</doc>
<doc id="19550598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550598" title="Nuteh">
Nuteh

Nuteh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19550602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550602" title="Beaubien">
Beaubien

Beaubien may refer to:
People.
The Beaubien surname is a uniquely French-Canadian family name with a rich heritage. All bearers of the Beaubien family name descend from a common ancestor, Jules Trottier. The alias "Beaubien" form was subsequently added to the Trottier family name in the "dit" form: Trottier dit Beaubien (Trottier "called" Beaubien). The surname Trottier dit Beaubien was borne by one of the grandsons of Jules Trottier and eventually shortened to only Beaubien in later generations. Today, all people who bear this name are direct descendants of Michel Trottier dit Beaubien, grandson of Jules...some 850 000 descendants!
The change to name Beaubien had to be allowed and signed by the king Louis XIV himself as the name of any nobles could be changed only by permission of the king himself. Michel Trottier was a Seur de Ruisseaux hence the nobility in that family.
Le surnom Beaubien est as- socié à la famille Trottier, comme en fait foi le titre d'ascendance figurant sur cette page. L'ancêtre, Jules Trottier, est natif de la paroisse d'Igé dans le Perche, une région de la Basse-Normandie d'où sont partis les premiers colons de la Nouvelle-France comme les Cloutier, Fortin, Tremblay, etc.
Le 4 juillet 1646, Jules Trottier signe un contrat d'engagement d'une durée de sept ans envers Pierre Legardeur de Re- pentigny pour travailler sur la métairie de son beau-frère Jacques Leneuf de la Poterie située à Portneuf. Jules fait la traversée au cours du même été en compagnie de son épouse, Catherine Loiseau, et de ses quatre fils. Un enfant, Jean-Baptiste, naît au cours de la traversée et est porté sur les fonts bap- tismaux quelques jours après leur arrivée à Québec, le 27 septembre 1646.
Jules Trottier n'exploite pas longtemps cette métairie à cause des incursions des Iroquois. La famille trouve refuge à Trois-Rivières et s'établit définitive- ment au Cap-de-la-Madeleine en 1652. Jules Trottier est aussi charpentier et des documents témoignent de son activité en tant que tel comme pour la construction de la clôture du bourg de Trois-Rivières. Il est inhumé le 10 mai 1655 et Catherine Loiseau, le 28 janvier 1656. Les quatre fils de Jules Trottier fondent des familles et adop- tent des surnoms au fil des générations : Desruisseaux, Desaulniers et Beaubien pour n'en citer que quelques-uns. La branche fondée par Antoine, baptisé le 21 janvier 1640 à Igé, venu en Nouvelle-France à l'âge de six ans, marié en 1663 avec Catherine Lefebvre et décédé le 5 décembre 1706 à Batis- can, a le sens des affaires et un intérêt pour la propriété foncière. Antoine se porte ac- quéreur de la seigneurie de l'île aux Hérons en 1698 et son propre fils, Michel, devient seigneur de Louseville en 1701.

</doc>
<doc id="19550612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550612" title="Nuvedi">
Nuvedi

Nuvedi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19550637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550637" title="Nyugdi">
Nyugdi

Nyugdi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19550641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550641" title="Solar hot water in New Zealand">
Solar hot water in New Zealand

Solar hot water in New Zealand is increasingly used on both new and existing buildings.
Solar thermal technologies had a sizable initial uptake in the pioneering days of the 1970s. By 2001 more than 40GWhr was produced from solar hot water technologies, equating to 0.1% of the total electricity consumption in New Zealand.
In 2006 the government announced an investment of $15.5 million over the first three and a half years of a five year Solar Water Heating programme to increase the number of solar hot water heating installations. As of 2006 there were about 35,000 solar hot water installations on domestic and commercial buildings. 
There are now eleven manufacturers and importers in the industry with most of the collector system being locally made.
Barriers to adoption.
The main barrier for the installation of solar hot water systems is the initial capital investment. Other barriers are the conservatism of the building industry, lack of influence on increasing the sale price of houses, conflicting interest between housing investors and home-owners, and a lack of adequate information about solar hot water heating.

</doc>
<doc id="19550656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550656" title="Sex drive (disambiguation)">
Sex drive (disambiguation)

Sex drive can refer to libido or sexual desire and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19550670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550670" title="98 Degrees (album)">
98 Degrees (album)

98 Degrees is the self-titled debut album by American male vocal group 98 Degrees. The album debuted and peaked at number 145 and number 88 on the US "Billboard" 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums respectively. The album sold over 500,000 copies in the US alone. 

</doc>
<doc id="19550690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550690" title="Beauchemin (disambiguation)">
Beauchemin (disambiguation)

Beauchemin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19550714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550714" title="Public.Resource.Org">
Public.Resource.Org

Public.Resource.Org is a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation dedicated to publishing and sharing public domain materials in the United States and internationally. It was founded by Carl Malamud and is based in Sebastopol, California.
Public.Resource.Org takes particular interest in digitizing and making accessible the works of the United States Federal Government, which because of US government licensing rules for its own work are almost always in the public domain. Major projects conducted by the organization include the digitizing and sharing of large numbers of court records, US government-produced video, and laws of various places.
The organization often advertises its work by saying "Yes We Scan". The Yes We Scan focus as of autumn 2013 is an effort to digitize and publish every available set of safety standards for every government in the world.
Operation strategy.
Malamud works on the premise that information in the public domain, and particularly government-generated information of this sort, ought to be as easy as possible for the public to access. In doing this, he identifies interesting collections of information held by organizations which have failed to grant free public access to it. Two typical circumstances are that the creator of the information has failed to make it available online in any form, or that the creator has provided the information to a private company which itself charges fees for access to the information. At this point, Malamud acquires the free information himself, publishes it in public.resource.org as a free communication channel, and then demonstrates publicly that he has made information free when otherwise it would not be and calls for pressure on the holder of the information to collaborate in developing the information release.
Projects.
Access to United States legal resources.
In 2007 Malamud began publishing the full text of United States legal opinions dating from 1880 in an effort to begin a process intended to create a free publicly accessible database intended to hold the entirety of US Case law. Goals of the project included the creation of "an unencumbered full-text repository of the Federal Reporter, the Federal Supplement, and the Federal Appendix" and "an unencumbered full-text repository of all state and federal cases and codes." In describing this project, journalist Tim O'Reilly described this information to be "clearly public data" yet also "the crown jewels of public data available for profit", as companies including Westlaw had collected billions of dollars in fees for granting access to this data.
Malamud called for increased awareness that Westlaw was a commercial broker of the United States Federal Reporter, Federal Supplement, and Federal Appendix. While Westlaw had been adding value to the content by indexing it with their proprietary West American Digest System and accompanying summaries, the purchase of their products was the only way to access much of the public domain material they hosted. Malamud began to distribute these materials for free while saying in an open letter to the company
In 2010 Google awarded the project 2 million USD in funding through their Project 10^100 challenge to submit ideas for changing the world.
FedFlix.
Public.Resource.Org collects old and forgotten United States government video, digitizes it, and distributes it for free online in a project called FedFlix. Video is purchased or requested from government agencies such as the National Technical Information Service. These videos are digitized and uploaded with metadata to YouTube and Public.Resource.Org's servers. Most of these videos were produced with federal government funding and intended for educational purposes.
YouTube's Content ID tool helps copyright holders make requests to remove their copyrighted videos from YouTube. Malamud has complained that large media organizations are using this tool to unfairly attack and call for the removal of Public.Resource.Org's upload of US federal government videos on the improper claim of their copyright over them, when in fact these works are purported by the US government to be public domain works.
Yes We Scan.
"Yes We Scan" is a phrase used as a name for various Public.Resource.Org projects which have the goal of digitizing and making available large collections of documents.
In 2009 when Carl Malamud petitioned to become the Public Printer of the United States the campaign slogan was "Yes we scan!"
In 2011 PublicResource.org submitted a "YesWeScan.org" proposal to the United States federal government petitioning system We the People asking for the creation of a plan to scan all public federal government holdings. David Ferriero responded to the petition describing efforts to increase availability of government archives.
In 2013 Public.Resource.Org organized a fundraiser for a Yes We Scan project to collect, digitize, and make available all government safety standards in every country. In 2010 Public.Resource.Org managed a smaller project to free the public safety codes in California in the United States.
C-SPAN video licensing.
In 2007 Malamud petitioned for more open access to some C-SPAN recordings.
C-SPAN is a private media company which records and broadcasts the discussions of the United States Congress.
The company’s business model is to provide its recordings for fees to cable and satellite television broadcasters.
In February 2007, Nancy Pelosi was publishing on her blog as Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and inserted video clips from C-SPAN into her messages. Persons representing her opposing political party claimed that she was violating copyright in using the videos. C-SPAN investigated the situation and found that in some cases she was and in other cases she was not, and they clarified their position in the media.
C-SPAN confirmed that that through more than 25 years of operating it had consistently asserted its copyright over all of the material which it created with its own cameras, which was 85-95% of its content. The rest of its content was produced on the House and Senate floors with government cameras, and this material was in fact public domain content as a work of the US federal government. A representative of C-SPAN said that “It is perfectly understandable to me that people would be confused… (because the situation is that) when a congressman says something on the floor it is public domain, but (when) he walks down the street to a committee hearing or give a speech and (then) it is not public domain. The representative went on to say that "I think a lot of people don’t understand (that) C-Span is a business, just like CNN is, … (and) If we don’t have a revenue stream, we wouldn’t have six crews ready to cover Congressional hearings."
In 2007 Malamud petitioned for more open access to some C-SPAN recordings. Electronic Frontier Foundation credited Malamud's efforts and a letter to Brian Lamb of S-CPAN to their agreement in in 2007 to make congressional recordings much more accessible.
Smithsonian Institution protest.
In 2006 Malamud complained that private company Showtime Networks and the publicly owned Smithsonian Institution were entering a contract to establish Smithsonian Networks without sufficient public disclosure. Under the contract Showtime would be able to deny permission to other media producers wishing access to Smithsonian collections. Documentarian Ken Burns said of this deal "I find this deal terrifying... It feels like the Smithsonian has essentially optioned America's attic to one company".
Responses.
Ralph Nader endorses the work of the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19550740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550740" title="Aeronautics Reference">
Aeronautics Reference

The Attorney-General Canada v The Attorney-General of Ontario and others, also known as In re the Regulation and Control of Aeronautics in Canada and the Aeronautics Reference, is a decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council on the interpretation of the Canadian Constitution. Lord Sankey decided in the case that the federal government has the authority to govern the subject of aeronautics, including licensing of pilots, aircraft, and commercial services and regulations for navigation and safety.
Background.
In 1919, as part of the negotiations at the Paris Peace Conference, a convention relating to the regulation of aerial navigation was drawn up and signed by all parties, including Canada. It was ratified on behalf of the British Empire in 1922, and the Parliament of Canada subsequently passed legislation on the matter.In a federal-provincial conference in 1927, questions were raised as to whether there really was federal jurisdiction to regulate this field.
The following reference questions were posed to the Supreme Court of Canada:
Reference to the Supreme Court of Canada.
In its ruling, the SCC answered the questions as follows:
The Attorney General of Canada appealed the ruling with respect to Questions 1, 3 and 4. Question 2 was not formally appealed because of its political nature, but it was conceded in argument that the ruling on the other questions would be sufficient to answer it.
Appeal to the Privy Council.
The SCC ruling was reversed on appeal, and the Privy Council answered "Yes" with respect to all three questions. The relevant clauses in the "British North America, 1867" that were held to cover the entire field of aeronautics were:
The Privy Council also observed that the real object of the "British North America Act, 1867" was to "give the central Government those high functions and almost sovereign powers to which uniformity of legislation might be secured on all questions which were of common concern to all the Provinces as members of a constituent whole." The division of responsibilities between federal and provincial jurisdictions was summarized as follows by Lord Sankey:
Aftermath.
Although the underlying Convention was denounced and replaced by a new international convention in 1944 that was not a treaty of the British Empire, it was held in "Johannesson v. West St. Paul" that, in accordance with "Ontario v. Canada Temperance Federation", the field continued to be within federal jurisdiction under the power relating to peace, order and good government, as by then it had attained a national dimension.

</doc>
<doc id="19550748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550748" title="Rachischisis">
Rachischisis

Rachischisis (Greek: "rhachis - ῥάχις" - spine, and "schisis - σχίσις" - split) is a developmental birth defect involving the neural tube. This anomaly occurs in utero, when the posterior neuropore of the neural tube fails to close by the 27th intrauterine day. As a consequence the vertebrae overlying the open portion of the spinal cord do not fully form and remain unfused and open, leaving the spinal cord exposed. Patients with rachischisis have motor and sensory deficits, chronic infections, and disturbances in bladder function. This defect often occurs with anencephaly.

</doc>
<doc id="19550799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550799" title="New York's 25th congressional district election, 2008">
New York's 25th congressional district election, 2008

The New York 25th congressional district election for the 111th Congress was held on November 4, 2008. The race featured Democratic Party nominee Dan Maffei, who narrowly lost to incumbent Jim Walsh for the same seat in 2006, Republican Party nominee Dale Sweetland, former Chairman of the Onondaga County Legislature, and Green Party nominee Howie Hawkins, Green Party founder and frequent political candidate.
Maffei defeated Sweetland decisively, 55% to 42%, becoming the first Democrat to represent the district since 1981.
History.
On January 24, 2008, Republican incumbent Jim Walsh announced he would not be running for an eleventh term. Walsh's 2006 Democratic challenger Dan Maffei had already announced his candidacy to challenge the seat in 2008, and had mounted a strong campaign. In March, 2008, after Democratic Syracuse Mayor Matt Driscoll announced he would not be running for the seat, Maffei was virtually assured of the Democratic nomination, and ran unopposed in the Democratic primary on September 9. After it appeared he might run unopposed in the general election, on April 2 Republican Dale Sweetland, coming off a narrowly unsuccessful September 2007 bid for Onondaga County Executive, announced he'd oppose Maffei. Other Republicans followed suit, but Sweetland won the crowded primary and received the party nomination in May 2008.
State of the race.
Maffei was heavily favored to win the seat, and lead heavily in campaign contributions. In addition to rating the district as 'Leans Democratic', "RealClearPolitics" ranked this as the third most likely Congressional district to switch parties. Going into the election, other pundits from "CQ Politics", "The Cook Report", and the "Rothenberg Report" are also ranking it as 'Lean Democrat' to 'Democrat Favored'. In May 2008, and again on June 20, 2008, the Washington Post's Chris Cillizza, author of "The Fix", ranked the race as the #1 Congressional race to turn over from a "Red" seat to a "Blue" seat 2008. Although Walsh had held it without serious difficulty before his near-defeat in 2006, the 25th had swung heavily to the Democrats at most other levels since the 1990s. The last Republican presidential candidate to carry the district was George H.W. Bush in 1988.
On November 4 Maffei defeated Sweetland, 55% to 42%. He will be the first Democrat to represent the area since 1981 (when it was the 32nd District).

</doc>
<doc id="19550806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550806" title="49th Australian Film Institute Award nominees and winners">
49th Australian Film Institute Award nominees and winners

The nominees for the 49th Australian Film Institute Awards were announced on 24 October 2007, by Australian actors, Deborra-Lee Furness, Sibylla Budd, Marny Kennedy, and Australian Film Institute President James Hewison in Sydney. The winners were announced on 4 December to 5 December 2008, at a two ceremonies at the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre in Melbourne.
Films that won multiple Australian Film Institute Awards include: "The Home Song Stories" (7) and "Romulus, My Father" (4), which were the two films on the night who performed well.
Film awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="19550864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550864" title="Ian Richardson (Australian footballer)">
Ian Richardson (Australian footballer)

Ian Richardson (born 14 October 1987) is an Australian rules footballer in the West Australian Football League (WAFL). Richardson has played for the Claremont Tigers since his WAFL debut in 2008.
Career.
Ian won the Jack Clarke Medal for the best and fairest player in the WAFL Colts competition in 2006 before his dreams of player AFL football were dealt a blow when he missed selection in the draft.
2007 was also frustrating for Richardson as he failed to break into Claremont’s strong league team despite strong form in the reserves.
Claremont Tigers.
2008.
Debuting in Round 1 of the WAFL 2008 season against West Perth, Richardson managed to kick a goal in his first game. He went through the entire 2008 season managing to get a goal in every single match. The goalsneak was awarded the Simpson Medal for his best-on-ground display for Western Australia in their 73-point victory over Queensland in Townsville. The match was the first appearance for Ian in WA colours after he was overlooked for state junior representative teams.
2009.
Ian missed the first round of the 2009 season, but returned after Claremont's bye to play in the third round.

</doc>
<doc id="19550885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550885" title="The Collection (98 Degrees album)">
The Collection (98 Degrees album)

The Collection is the only compilation album released by the late 1990s teen pop boy band, 98 Degrees. It was released on May 7, 2002. The greatest hits album includes some songs from their old albums, and the smash Mariah Carey hit "Thank God I Found You", on which 98 Degrees collaborated with Joe alongside Carey.
Track listing.
Total length: 55 Minutes

</doc>
<doc id="19550892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550892" title="Into the Looking Glass">
Into the Looking Glass

Into the Looking Glass, by John Ringo, is the first in the "Looking Glass" military hard science fiction series. The story involves travel through portals called looking glasses, the discovery of alternate worlds and the aliens that inhabit them.
Plot summary.
The novel begins with a large explosion at the University of Central Florida's science department, destroying the University and everything within a mile of it. Despite the indications of a nuclear weapon, from the devastation to the mushroom cloud, military personnel and emergency responders find no traces of radiation or EMP. Investigators find a mysterious sphere suspended in midair above a crater at what they determine to be the center of the blast. Unusual events build from there, culminating in an invasion of specially grown alien killing machines.
The President and his advisors rush to respond to the disaster. They contact Dr. William Weaver for his expertise and bring him to investigate the first anomaly. Weaver quickly explains that Ray Chen, a physicist at the university, was working on changing the laws of physics within a small space to allow him to create a Higgs Boson, essentially a particle containing its own universe. Whether or not he succeeded is unknown, however they have other problems as a new type of flat, traversable anomaly that comes to be called "Looking Glasses" begins to appear around the country, then around the world. While on the site, a little girl named Mimi comes walking out of rubble a few blocks from the explosion, carrying a giant spider on her shoulder. The investigators realize that something must have happened to her that allowed her to survive the explosion. They also discover that the spider on her shoulder is an incredibly intelligent being that seems to have formed a telepathic link with Mimi, as he is able to communicate thoughts to her without speaking.
Less than a day later, they discover that while the original 'Chen Anomaly' is traversable like the looking glasses and leads to an alien world, that gate isn't their only problem as a deadly new species begins to thunder through some of the various secondary gates, killing people and spreading a fungus-analogue organism that carpets the ground and buildings around it, devours every organic substance in its path, and proves resistant to most chemical and physical containment measures. Weaver and SEAL Command Master Chief Miller are among the response to a panicked call about 'demons'. A gate is discovered nearby. A team is sent through and triggers a fierce alien counterattack that the local human defenses barely manage to push back through the gate. Later, a second wave comes though this and other gates.
Other looking glasses open to worlds with hostile environments and set off panic about planet-wide ecological collapse. Mankind makes friendly contact with a felinoid species, the Mree. The Mree representative explains that the hostile aliens, the T!Ch!R! in the Mree language, are a pest that seem to go with the gates. Humans pronounce the word as Titcher. They meet with the Mree Emperor, and begin to discuss explorations into each others' cultures.
In one of first spots the Titcher came through, their combat-bred forms are continually breaking through the human lines of defense. The American forces pull back from several gates and launch missiles to clear out overwhelming alien ground forces. After they start getting new activity at one of the missile-blasted gates, Weaver, accompanied by a SEAL team, takes a look at Titcher forces on the other side of a gate. Once through they discover that the Titcher are actually a race of one organism that produces these fighting creatures, their equivalent of antibodies, to spread through the gates and take over other worlds. As they spot an oncoming Titcher nuke for retaliation against airstrikes, they shoot to stop it. The nuke goes off, tearing open Weaver's suit and killing several SEALs. However they are able to set the bomb off and get through the gate, destabilizing it and the Mree gate temporarily.
Another race is contacted through yet another gate. The Adar are ahead of humans in technological development. The Adar are friendly with humans upon first contact. They have had trouble with the Titcher, which they call the Dreen because of the howl of one of the fighting units. Humans soon adopt this name. The Dreen have begun to overwhelm human defenses at every gate they have access to once more by the time human and Adar governments establish solid enough contact to allow mutual understanding. The Adar provide humans with a weapon that can close the Dreen looking glasses, but if it goes off on the Earth side, it will destroy the planet. After the Mree prove to be a Dreen feint, the U.S. army attacks Mree forces near that looking glass to draw them away. Weaver and a SEAL team in temperamental powered combat armor suits deploy the Adar bomb through the unguarded gate. It and the other Dreen looking glasses close.
Military forces eventually overwhelm remaining Dreen forces. A few Mree and members of another Dreen slave race are taken prisoner. There is no food on Earth that can provide the nutrients they need. The Mree choose suicide over starvation. The Adar give Weaver a small black box that has an interesting effect when exposed to electricity - having the properties of exponentially increasing the output of energy based on the energy provided to it. Its other properties are explored in sequels.

</doc>
<doc id="19550937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550937" title="Navarrese Civil War (1451–1455)">
Navarrese Civil War (1451–1455)

The Navarrese Civil War of 1451–1455 pitted John II of the Kingdom of Navarre against his son and heir-apparent, Charles IV. 
When the war started, John II had been King of Navarre since 1425 through his first wife, Blanche I of Navarre, who had married him in 1420. By the marriage pact of 1419, John and Blanche's eldest son was to succeed to Navarre on Blanche's death. When Blanche died in 1441, John retained the government of her lands and dispossessed his own eldest son, Charles (born 1421), who was made Prince of Viana in 1423. John tried to assuage his son with the lieutenancy of Navarre, but his son's French upbringing and French allies, the Beaumonteses, brought the two into conflict. John was supported by the Agramonteses. 
From 1451 to 1455 they were engaged in open warfare in Navarre. Charles was defeated at the Battle of Aybar in 1452, captured, and released; and John tried to disinherit him by illegally naming his daughter Eleanor, who was married to Gaston IV of Foix, his successor. In 1451 John's new wife, Juana Enríquez, gave birth to a son, Ferdinand. In 1452 Charles fled his father first to France, where vainly sought allies, and later to the court of his uncle, John's elder brother, Alfonso V at Naples. Charles was popular in Spain and John was increasingly unpopular as he refused to recognise Charles as his "first born", probably planning to make Ferdinand his heir. The Navarrese Civil War presaged the Catalonian Civil War of 1462–72, in which John's ill-treatment of Charles was a precipitating event.

</doc>
<doc id="19550965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550965" title="Carl Niemann">
Carl Niemann

Carl George Niemann (July 6, 1908 - April 29, 1964) was an American biochemist who worked extensively on the chemistry and structure of proteins, publishing over 260 research papers. He is known, with Max Bergmann, for proposing the Bergmann-Niemann hypothesis that proteins consist of 288 residue polypeptides or multiples thereof with periodic sequences of amino acids, and for contributing to the downfall of the cyclol model of protein structure.
Niemann was born in St. Louis and attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison. After completing his Ph.D. in biochemistry there in 1934 and staying on as research associate until 1935, Niemann took a position at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, where he worked with the eminent protein chemist Max Bergmann. Niemann analyzed the amino acid content of range of proteins. Based on Niemann's tests and other published protein analyses, Bergann and Niemann deduced that the sizes of protein molecules are always multiples of 288 and could be expressed according to the formula 2"n" X 3"m". They also suggested that in the polypeptides of a given protein, amino acids occurred in a regular, repeating pattern; for example, they proposed that silk fibroin, known to consist mainly of glycine and alanine, had a sequence of glycine-alanine-glycine-, with the glycine/alanine pattern making up three of every four amino acids and other residues falling periodically into the fourth spot. Niemann worked with Bergann on this theory from 1936–1938; by 1939, they came to reject the theory as other biochemists provided evidence contradicting their proposed formula.
After his work at the Rockefeller Institute and at the University College Hospital as a Rockefeller Foundation Fellow, and with strong support from Warren Weaver, Niemann joined Linus Pauling's Crellin Laboratory at Caltech in 1938. In 1939, Niemann and Linus Pauling published a strong critique of Dorothy Wrinch's cyclol hypothesis of protein structure, which held that globular proteins formed inter-linked, cage-like polyhedral structures. Niemann and Pauling argued that X-ray crystallography and other data indicated that cyclol bonds did not occur in proteins and that polypeptides were held together in globular proteins by hydrogen bonds and weaker intermolecular forces. He went on to head research in immunochemistry and the organic chemistry of proteins.
In 1945, Niemann became of full professor at Caltech. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1952, and was also elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the New York Academy of Sciences. He died of a heart attack, according to his eulogizer John D. Roberts, "at the very height of his career".

</doc>
<doc id="19550994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550994" title="Navarrese Civil War">
Navarrese Civil War

There were two civil wars in the Kingdom of Navarre in the Middle Ages:

</doc>
<doc id="19551002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551002" title="Notre Dame Football on NBC">
Notre Dame Football on NBC

Notre Dame Football on NBC is a presentation of the Notre Dame football television package on NBC. The television network has broadcast all Notre Dame home games since 1991.
History.
Since 1991, NBC has aired all Notre Dame home football games. This has ensured that all of its home games are on national broadcast television, a unique configuration amongst American sports. Most of the games are aired in the afternoon, usually starting at 3:30 EST/EDT. Recently beginning in 2011, one significant home game per year is aired during prime time with a 7:30 EDT start time. The games are typically planned around NBC’s schedule of such events as the Ryder Cup or Breeders' Cup, and include full-game replays on NBCSN.
In 1991, the initial contract was sold to NBC for $38 million for 5 years or $7.6 million a year. Notre Dame got half of the latter figure and its opponent got the other half.
The 1993 NBC broadcast game between #1 Florida State and #2 Notre Dame is still the most-watched regular season college football game since 1991.
In 2009, Notre Dame began to play one home game each year at a neutral site outside of Indiana for recruitment and exposure purposes. These games are broadcast nationally on NBC as part of the television deal with 7:30 EST/EDT start times. This was initiated with a late October 2009 game against Washington State at the Alamodome in San Antonio. A November 2010 matchup against Army at Yankee Stadium, which NBC also televised, was also a Notre Dame home game, despite West Point's proximity to the Tri-State area. Notre Dame battled Miami at Soldier Field in 2012 and met Arizona State at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas, in 2013.
Although in 2011 NBC Notre Dame game ratings had slumped to historic lows to coincide with average performances on the football field over the past several years, the recent resurgence in the program under Brian Kelly in 2012 has resulted in NBC's highest viewership since 2005.
In 2011, sister channel Versus (now NBCSN) began airing rebroadcasts of past Notre Dame games, including those aired on NBC over the years. Previously via NBC's rights deal, related cable network Universal HD aired same-week reruns of Notre Dame home games until the January 2011 NBC-Comcast merger. The deal has also been expanded to cover some games of the university's hockey team.
NBC Sports recently renewed the Notre Dame contract to run through the 2025 season. This extension is a ten year commitment, which is double the length of prior extensions. This includes a minimum of 7 home games to be broadcast per season, with some games to air on NBC Sports Network as well. While most games traditionally are held at 3:30 PM on Saturdays, some games will be during primetime. Revenue from the deal will continue to aid non-athlete student financial assistance.
NBC's other college football coverage.
NBC broadcast the Rose Bowl from 1952 through 1988. It also broadcast the Orange Bowl from 1965 through 1995. NBC is also the home of the annual "Bayou Classic" between Grambling State University and Southern University at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
As of the 2011-12 season, NBC Sports also holds rights to select Ivy League and Mountain West Conference games through its new sister channel NBC Sports Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19551018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551018" title="Day Off">
Day Off

Day Off is a Philippine reality/lifestyle program that awards people with a day off from their job. It was first hosted by comedy actor Mike "Pekto" Nacua and Carmina Villaroel, young actress Isabel Oli replaced Carmina Villaroel when Carmina Villaroel transferred to ABS-CBN.

</doc>
<doc id="19551036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551036" title="Nurin">
Nurin

Nurin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19551041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551041" title="Appaloosa (novel)">
Appaloosa (novel)

Appaloosa (2005) is a novel set in the American Old West written by Robert B. Parker. A film of the same name based on the novel was released in 2008. Parker published a sequel, "Resolution", in June 2008 and a third novel featuring the characters of Virgil Cole and Everett Hitch, "Brimstone", in May 2009. A fourth and final book in the series - "Blue-Eyed Devil" - was published in 2010 shortly before Parker's death.
From the book sleeve:

</doc>
<doc id="19551043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551043" title="LoadingReadyRun">
LoadingReadyRun

LoadingReadyRun, often abbreviated to LRR, is a Canadian sketch comedy website, based in Victoria, British Columbia, founded by Graham Stark and Paul Saunders. Since its launch in October 2003, a new video has been posted to the site every week, without fail; all of them are written, performed and edited by members of the "LoadingReadyRun crew", which consists of Graham, Paul, their friends and guests.
The theme of the website is based on the Commodore 64 and its humour is often video game related. Some of their videos have been featured in film festivals such as the Comic-Con International Film in San Diego, and shown on major television networks, including G4 Canada and CNN. They are currently in their eleventh season, and since January 2010 their weekly video has been hosted on "The Escapist" Magazine. In September 2013 LRR launched their "Last Season of Sketches" Kickstarter campaign to fund their 2014 (final) season of weekly sketches, which were becoming too difficult and time-consuming to produce. The LRR Crew has said that they are only retiring the "weekly" video, and that other projects will not be affected.
Cast.
The core LRR crew consists of:
In addition, others have been featured in a number of videos:
Weekly LRR Films.
Loading Ready Run began as a series of short one- to two-minute short films, posted to the LRR website on a weekly basis; the Crew has never been known to miss that weekly deadline, even while traveling. In 2013, Loading Ready Run announced that the Weekly Videos were becoming too labor- and time-intensive to produce on a weekly basis without impacting other projects, and began a Kickstarter campaign to fund one final year before retiring the videos in 2015.
How to Talk like a Pirate.
Part of a fictional 1970s-style language-learning series, this video teaches the nuances of pirate speech. It was released for International Talk Like a Pirate Day, 2006. Subsequent Talk Like a Pirate Days have led to the video being recirculated once a year.
Three PS3s.
Posted around the release of the comparatively scarce and expensive PlayStation 3, this video features Paul brazenly claiming to own "three PS3s". The video spread quickly when it was posted to YouTube, with viewers (many of whom didn't recognize the intended ironic tone) posting death threats and incensed comments as well as video parody responses. In truth, the entire crew owned zero PS3s; they borrowed two of them and the third was a hollow display model.
Halo: The Future of Gaming.
In preparation for the release of "Halo 3", LoadingReadyRun produced "Halo: The Future of Gaming", providing a "look back" at the impact of the "Halo" video game series, and extrapolating into the future. The video was one of LoadingReadyRun's most popular videos for several years.
Friday Nights.
"Friday Nights" was originally a four-episode commodoreHUSTLE spin-off miniseries, detailing the crew's growing obsession with "", created in association with Wizards of the Coast.
The series has since returned as part of a regular monthly installment. Additionally, LRR has hosted a number of other Magic related videos, including visual spoilers for new magic cards, all in association with Wizards of the Coast.
Desert Bus For Hope.
Loading Ready Run is perhaps best known for its Annual "Desert Bus For Hope" event. On 23 November 2007, the group started a marathon game session of "Desert Bus" (a minigame from 'Penn & Teller's Smoke and Mirrors') called Desert Bus for Hope to raise money for the charity Child's Play. The four-man team took turns playing the game continuously, with more hours added as more donations were made. The event was broadcast live via webcam, and garnered attention both from the media, and Penn & Teller, who called in, sent pizza, and made donations. By the end of the event, $22,805 had been raised, including donations from Penn and Teller themselves.
On 18 November 2008, LoadingReadyRun officially announced that it planned a second marathon run of "Desert Bus" which began on 28 November. The second Desert Bus lasted slightly more than five days and raised over $70,000. The crew later produced a music video entitled "Desert Bus Killed the Internet Star" (a parody of "Video Killed the Radio Star") describing the events of the marathon.
On 25 August 2009, the third marathon run was announced, set to start on 20 November 2009. At 18:42 GMT-0 on 26 November 2009 the marathon completed, raising over $140,000 (after all e-cheques had cleared) for Child's Play. One notable donor, going by the alias "Octopimp", donated nearly $10,000 alone, becoming a mascot of sorts in the event's live chatroom and in turn inspiring many other high-number donations and auction bids.
The fourth marathon run was announced on 4 May 2010, and began on 19 November 2010 at 6:00 p.m. PST. Penn & Teller auctioned off an "Ultimate Desert Bus Experience Pack" which included a bus ticket and sand from the Las Vegas desert, signed by Penn & Teller themselves. The fourth run concluded after 5 days and 21 hours, with $208,249.82 raised. A fifth marathon run began on 18 November 2011 and went for six days and six hours, raising a total of $383,075.10.
Desert Bus 6 began Friday, 16 November 2012, and breached One Million dollars in lifetime donations on November 19 at 6:46pm
commodoreHUSTLE.
commodoreHUSTLE is a series of videos created by the crew dramatizing their personal lives, officially described as "A web series about the creators of a web series". In these videos, Paul Saunders is often portrayed as a technical genius without common sense; Graham Stark is abusive to his roommate Matt Wiggins; and Morgan VanHumbeck is an egotistical buffoon. The series has its own channel on YouTube, but now publishes its videos on the crew's channel on The Escapist. A running theme in the series is the group's dysfunctional nature and infighting. On the YouTube channel, Stark tried to unite them by forming a street gang called The Runners.
Unskippable.
In December 2008 Graham and Paul tied for first place in "The Escapist's" Second Annual Film with Unskippable, a "Mystery Science Theatre 3000" style take of the introduction cinematic to "Lost Planet". For winning the contest they were rewarded with a contract to produce a weekly video for "The Escapist". The series airs every Monday and has satirized cinematics to games like Eternal Sonata, and The Darkness. It has received heavy promotion on the site, including crossovers with Zero Punctuation where Ben "Yahtzee" Croshaw joined the episode and Graham produced a ZP-style review of "X-Blades", which soon switched over to Yahtzee's review of "Halo Wars". The ending credits included the message: "People confused about Graham Stark's appearance at the start of this video obviously don't watch Unskippable and for that I pity them." They have also broadcast a one-off live special of Unskippable on The Escapist where they did a "Let's Play" of Legaia 2 in the humorous and critical style of the show. The two also appeared in episode 21 of Arcade as themselves.
CheckPoint.
In September 2009 the LoadingReadyRun crew began a second series, Escapist News Network (ENN), for The Escapist, which was a parody newscast about video games similar to This Hour Has 22 Minutes. ENN was written and produced by Kathleen De Vere, Jeremy Petter, Paul Saunders, and Graham Stark, who also form the backbone of its cast. On 13 February 2011 the site announced that it would no longer be producing new episodes of ENN.
On 9 May 2011, LoadingReadyRun premiered CheckPoint, a successor to ENN, on Penny-Arcade's PATV. The show is similar in format to ENN, with Graham Stark and Kathleen De Vere as news presenters discussing the previous week's video gaming news.
On 6 December 2013, Penny Arcade announced that due to some restructuring they would no longer host 3rd party content on their PATV site. Shortly thereafter Graham announced that due to time constraints the show would be put on indefinite hiatus and LRR would invest the effort which was committed to the show for other projects. However, shortly after, Checkpoint Plus was added to the new LoadingReadyRun livestreaming schedule on twitchTV.
Daily Drop.
Daily Drop was a feature on The Escapist, made by the LoadingReadyRun crew. It was filmed in the basement of the Victoria Event Centre. It consists of approximately 2-minute long clips of objects falling in, as recorded by a high-speed camera, and impacting the test area floor. A new installment was released every weekday between 7 October 2010 and 25 May 2011.
Crapshots.
Crapshots is a series featuring mostly LoadingReadyRun's Graham Stark and Alex Steacy, from EximWorks. They feature short, usually less than a minute, comedic blurbs. The episodes are labelled with miscellaneous redundant words relating to the video. Crapshots was started in April 2009, and can be found on YouTube at this channel.
Feed Dump.
Feed Dump, LRR's newest series on "The Escapist", premiered 25 May 2011. It is a freeform, largely improvised review of strange news items from the previous week, with Graham hosting the segment and soliciting reactions and dialogue from a pair of assorted co-hosts. It is a spiritual successor to "The Phailhaüs", an irregularly updated series of bonus videos that had been running on the LRR site since 2008. The Phailhaüs in turn was based on Morgan vanHumbeck's 2006-2007 series "The Whatever Thing". As mentioned on "The Whatever Thing" DVD, that, in turn, was inspired by the show with zefrank.

</doc>
<doc id="19551168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551168" title="Zurcher v. Stanford Daily">
Zurcher v. Stanford Daily

Zurcher v. Stanford Daily 436 U.S. 547 (1978) is a United States Supreme Court case from 1978 in which "The Stanford Daily", a student newspaper at Stanford University, was searched by police after they suspected the paper to be in possession of photographs of a demonstration that took place at the campus' medical center in April 1971. The paper filed a suit claiming that under the protection of the First and Fourth Amendments of the Constitution, the warrants were unconstitutional and that the searches should have fallen under the context of subpoenas. The court ruled against "The Stanford Daily"; however, Congress passed the Privacy Protection Act of 1980, which prohibits search and seizures related to journalism unless the writer is suspected of a crime or a life-threatening situation is present.
Decision and opinion.
Justice White delivered the court's 5–3 opinion in favor of Zurcher.

</doc>
<doc id="19551204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551204" title="All Hope Is Gone World Tour">
All Hope Is Gone World Tour

The All Hope Is Gone World Tour was a concert tour by Slipknot that took place in 2008 and 2009 in support of the group's fourth studio album "All Hope Is Gone". The tour consisted of nine legs and took place in the United States, Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe. The tour started with the Mayhem Festival 2008.
Lawrence Upton acted as the tour's director, Philippe Vachon acted as the tour's programmer and lighting co-director, and Dave Watson as lighting designer. Equipment such as LED units and Martin Atomic 300 Strobes were used on the rig, and instead of a media server, the GrandMA mixing console was used for MA Lighting. David “Shirt” Nicholls was positioned as audio mixer, working with the digital mixing console.
Slipknot headlined every performance throughout the tour, sometimes sharing headlining status at festival appearances. Supporting acts throughout the tour included Disturbed, DragonForce, Mastodon, Machine Head, Children of Bodom, Coheed and Cambria, Trivium, 3 Inches of Blood, DevilDriver, The Black Dahlia Murder, and Sydonia. The tour consisted of nine legs and 153 shows, beginning on July 9, 2008 and finishing on October 31, 2009. This was also the last tour with bassist Paul Gray who died on May 24, 2010.
Turntablist Sid Wilson broke both of his heels after jumping from an elevated area of a stage and landing incorrectly. He performed all dates of the tour, in a wheelchair. Drummer Joey Jordison suffered a broken ankle, causing four concerts to be cancelled. Towards the end of the leg Fehn left the tour due to a "tragic death in his family", forcing him to miss the final two dates of the leg in Spain. Shawn Crahan left the Canadian part of the tour to return home to his family.
Background.
In early February 2008, Mick Thomson confirmed that Slipknot would be performing at the 2008 Mayhem Festival. Corey Taylor said: "This summer we are truly bringing Mayhem. Slipknot is excited to be a part of it, and to be able to bring the new chapter of our history to the masses. We are already working, building and designing a new show." The tour acted as a follow-up to The Subliminal Verses World Tour, which took place in 2004 to promote their third studio album "". The band began recording their fourth studio album "All Hope Is Gone" in late February 2008.
Lighting.
Lawrence Upton acted as the tour's director, and Philippe Vachon acted as the tour's programmer and lighting co-director. Vachon said Upton wanted "very aggressive lighting that would attack and have punch", because Slipknot's music was very aggressive. Up-stage provided the gear package, which included 10 Martin Professional MAC Profiles and 54 Martin Mac 2000 Wash units. Assistant lighting designer Dave Watson explained that the Martin Professional MAC Profiles were used as "key lights", while Martin Mac 2000 Wash units generated higher light output. Issues arose during the tour, specifically times when members were barely visible due to the lighting. Vachon said, "There is so much show in your face that we would lose the guys on stage; we had to beef up the front-of-house white."
The rig consisted of a Front of House truss, two three-quarter angled trusses, and two straight mid-stage trusses. These were all located up-stage, and had two sub-hung trusses directly below them. There were two Lycian Starklite medium-throw truss spots, and an accumulation of specialty lights. The specialty lights included 54 two-light Molefays, six PAR 36 rotating beacons, 24 Martin Atomic 300 Strobes, 2 six-light Molefays, and 10 four-light Molefays. The rig also had LED units, which can be very bright, and which shone into the audience. Throughout the tour, 65 Philips Color Kinetics ColorBlast 12s, seven Color Blaze 48s, and twelve CK ColorBlaze 72s were used to light up the wall behind the band.
Instead of a media server, the GrandMA console was used for MA Lighting. Vachon explained that the GrandMA console was "the desk you can do the most with LEDs; if you want to go further, you need a media serverCTB.” The assistant lighting designer used a full-sized GrandMA console. Two NSPs provided the necessary extra channels. The show's color palette was somewhat restricted. There was mostly white lights, but Upton used lighter colors to get the most light output. The original palette was also based on colors like amber, steel blue, sea green, and orange. Late in the tour Vachon would add additional bursts of color, which included intense oranges, reds, and violets.
Sound production.
David “Shirt” Nicholls was the audio mixer, using a Digidesign Venue with both the Eventide Anthology Pack, which provided sound effects, and Venue Pro Pack, which was a complete digital mixing console. Nicholls has expressed his admiration for the Venue Pro Pack and also explained that the A-T 4050 microphones which he used on the tour took a battering during shows. Nicholls has called the T6100 vocal microphones he used "bulletproof" as they would occasionally "go flying up into the seats" during shows but would still work the next show. The Meyer P.A., which accumulates 16 MILO seat boxes, nine Nexo CD-18 subwoofers, and six flown HP700s on the ground per side, was provided by Thunder Audio.
The system was controlled by Meyer Sound Galileo. The side-hang featured 10 MICA boxes per side, with four UPJs for front-fills. Ron Hurd, the tour's monitor engineer, mixed the show using a Yamaha PM5D console. Hurd said, “I'm not using any plug-ins or rack gear except for an Big Ben word clock. Six of the nine guys are on ears: Ultimate Ears with Sennheiser G2s.”
Mayhem Festival.
Slipknot began touring at the first ever Mayhem Festival, a music festival founded by Kevin Lyman and John Reese. During the opening date of the Mayhem Festival 2008 on July 9 at Auburn, Washington, turntablist Sid Wilson broke both of his heels after jumping from an elevated area of the stage and landing incorrectly. Despite the injury, he promised to perform on all dates of the tour in a wheelchair. Wilson returned to the band, in a wheelchair and with both his legs in casts, on the second date of the festival at Mountain View, California; he did, however, perform without the wheelchair at times. 
The second date of the Mayhem Festival in Marysville, California, on July 11 was rescheduled to July 14 due to wildfires in the area. 
Critical reviews.
Critics noted the band's energy and on-stage presence during their Mayhem Festival sets. Matt Weitz credited the band's use of the stage in Dallas, saying they were "severe in their presentation." When reviewing the show at Burgettstown, Pennsylvania, Justin Jacobs said Slipknot " the pummeling performance the whole crowd had been waiting for," while noting that part of Slipknot's appeal was their secrecy, referring to the band's use of masks and aliases and the fact that a curtain was used to hide the stage while it was set up.
Cancelled European dates.
At the end of the 2008 Mayhem Festival, drummer Joey Jordison broke his ankle. During an interview with "Drummer", Jordison explained that the injury happened when he and a friend were "messing around and kinda wrestling with each other" one afternoon, and Jordison tripped and twisted his ankle. Despite the injury, Jordison could still walk and subsequently played the next night. However, during a lengthy double bass section of "The Blister Exists" he "felt a snap" in his ankle. A doctor confirmed he had broken his ankle and suggested surgery. Jordison continued to play with a broken ankle until the band finished the Mayhem Festival. Following the festival Jordison was told that if he continued to play, he could suffer permanent damage that could affect his ability to walk. Subsequently, Slipknot were forced to cancel their European festival appearances due to the injury. On August 22, at Leeds Festival during the Dropkick Murphys performance, a plane flew above the open air crowd advertising tickets for Slipknot's UK dates in December. Unhappy with the fact that the band had pulled out of the festival, the crowd began to boo at the banner advert.
Japanese leg.
During an interview prior to the Japanese leg of the tour, percussionist Shawn Crahan discussed the difference between Japanese audiences and Western audiences. When asked whether he believed that Japanese fans are less intense, he said it is a matter of opinion for bands and when Slipknot play, "it's almost frightening how in to it they are." However, he did note that between songs can be "very awkward" because the crowd is almost silent, whereas the band is used to a more energetic reception.
Australian/New Zealand leg.
The Australian leg of the All Hope Is Gone World Tour was the first time Slipknot were able to bring what percussionist Shawn Crahan described as "the real set, the real deal" to an Australian audience. The band travelled with over 11 tons of equipment, including hydraulic drum risers, percussionist rigs, pyrotechnics, lighting and stage set-ups. During an interview prior to the band's first show of this leg, vocalist Corey Taylor revealed that he had sprained his thumb the day before while sky-diving; however, the injury did not prevent him from performing.
Critical reviews.
Reviewing the band's show in Auckland, Chris Schulz wrote that vocalist Taylor's performance was "schizophrenic" and that his "unpredictable, passive-aggressive nature" was the focal point of Slipknot's live show. He also declared percussionist Crahan the "most menacing member of Slipknot," noting that in a "particularly violent" version of "Duality" he "appeared pleased to play his part in the song by violating an empty keg with a baseball bat." When reviewing the same show, Scott Kara of "The New Zealand Herald" compared Slipknot's performance to their appearance at the 2005 Big Day Out festival, noting that "the gruesome obscenities, the vomiting, and fights" were absent, which made for "a far tighter and more solid" performance. Kara also commented upon the connection the fans had with the show, saying that in songs like "The Heretic Anthem" Taylor "hardly needs to sing" due to the involvement of the audience.
European leg.
The opening date of the European leg of the tour was to have been the first time in Slipknot's history that would perform in Israel, but due to "sudden personal and family conflicts" the band canceled their appearance. The band stated that they will perform in Israel in the future. The band's appearance in Moscow marked Slipknot's first performance in Russia. During an interview with "Kerrang!" prior to their appearances in the UK, percussionist Crahan expressed excitement for the upcoming dates, saying, "There's always been a deep love and affection between the British fans and ourselves." Machine Head did not perform in Copenhagen on November 13, due to frontman Robb Flynn's "severe throat and bronchial infection." On December 12, in Sheffield, Machine Head guitarist Phil Demmel collapsed on stage during their second to last song, forcing his band to cancel their appearances at the European leg's final two dates. Slipknot's performance in London on December 3, 2008 was recorded for MTV's "World Stage" series and aired on March 13, 2009, in the UK. It was also made available in over 160 countries.
Critical reviews.
When reviewing Slipknot's show in Düsseldorf, Sebastian Huhn called Shawn Crahan's hydraulic percussion platform as a highlight of the performance. However, he also said, "Even though the tour had been named after the new album, the most part of the set consisted of tracks from the previous releases." Huhn rated Slipknot's overall performance 8 out of 10. Alistair Lawrence of "Kerrang!" reviewed the first of the band's three shows at the Hammersmith Apollo in London. He said, "The choreographed chaos is too multi-faceted to fully describe," and noted that Taylor's performance made songs like "Before I Forget" and "Psychosocial" sound better than on the recorded versions. Overall, Lawrence scored the show 4 out of 5. When reviewing one of the Hammersmith Apollo shows, Rick Pearson of the "Evening Standard" wrote that there was "a strong feeling of camaraderie" at the concert. While he admitted he did not understand the draw of the band, "Spit It Out" offered "glimpses as to what got the maggots hooked on this brutal, bludgeoning band." Adrian Osmond of "Western Mail" said that their show in Cardiff was "a pretty flawless, colourful and exciting piece of musical theatre," adding that on entertainment value it would "rival any of the pantomimes out there this month."
US Arena leg.
During an interview with The Pulse of Radio, vocalist Taylor said that Slipknot would be changing their stage set around for the US arena leg. "We're getting away from the pyro. We're going way more visual this time. We're incorporating a lot of video." He explained that they always try to do something different: "We've got people still coming to see us for, you know, after ten years, and we just want to try and give something special." On the opening show of the leg, percussionist Crahan debuted a new mask which was significantly different from the one he wore while touring in 2008. 
During their show on January 25 in Council Bluffs, Iowa, a member of the audience collapsed from a heart attack and was later declared dead in hospital.
Critical reviews.
News-Press & Gazette Company reviewer Shea Conner said that he could not understand why anybody would buy a seat to a Slipknot concert. Saying "the madness is part of the experience", he added that he himself was "ten feet from the stage with head up and elbows, too." While championing the band as "one of the greatest bands in the world to see live," Conner wrote, "their antics and on-stage spectacle match their ability to get the crowd in a frenzy." Conner noted that due to their large line-up "a few [members can take a song or two off to entertain the fans," citing events like percussionist Chris Fehn mocking a security guard, DJ Sid Wilson destroying a part of Fehn's drumkit, and Shawn Crahan's hydraulic drumkit with camera-operated screen as particular examples. Katjusa Cisar of "The Capital Times" reviewed Slipknot's show at the Alliant Energy Center, saying that despite their "satanic" reputation they put on "a pretty wholesome show." She noted that throughout their ten years together they have "honed a show of ferocious, squealing intensity; an unholy racket full of adolescent rage and goofy humor under a phalanx of moving and flashing lights." Crediting frontman Corey Taylor's ability to " his mutant army and the passionate crowd," she said the crowd kept the energy high and that "mosh pits erupted like mini-hurricanes."
Canadian leg.
Percussionist Shawn Crahan left the tour to return home after performing on the opening date of the tour's Canadian leg. Slipknot continued the tour without him. While addressing their crowd during their May 1, 2009, concert in Toronto, Taylor explained that Crahan's absence was due to "a very terrible, terrible predicament going on in [Crahan's] family." The band later stated that Crahan's absence was due to the death of his mother.
Critical reviews.
In his review of Slipknot's show on April 29, 2009 for the "Montreal Gazette", Al Kratina said, "Their stage show is something to behold." He said, "Not only are songs [... absolutely crushing in a live setting, but the band is a fountain of bizarre, chaotic energy." Describing vocalist Corey Taylor's performance, he said, "Despite his manic energy managed to keep his vocals tightly controlled, alternating between furious screaming and melodic passages". While reviewing their Toronto show on May 1, 2009 for CANOE, Jason MacNeil noted the absence of percussionist Crahan, although in noting that several other members would occasionally occupy the vacant drum kit, he added, "It didn't seem to matter much to the fans." He also said, "For the most part, Slipknot kept the energy high" and added that tracks like "Dead Memories" and "Vermilion" were the only moments "which served as breathers." Overall MacNeil rated the show 3.5 out of 5.
US leg III.
After missing six shows due to his mother's death, percussionist Shawn Crahan returned to the tour. His first appearance since April 28, 2009, was in Oklahoma City on May 8, 2009.
Critical reviews.
While reviewing their show on May 3, 2009, at the Van Andel Arena, Troy Reimink made a point of Crahan's absence, suggesting that while it could have seriously disrupted the tour, it seemed like "merely a bump in the road for Slipknot." Reimink said the band's 17 song setlist, featuring songs from all their albums, "demonstrated the group's skill at assembling relentlessly aggressive songs punctuated with fleeting, occasionally incongruous bits of melody." While noting that Slipknot were "not thing," he described the show as "an exercise in finely calculated chaos," rating the show 2.5 out of 4. Diana Nollen of "The Gazette" reviewed Slipknot's show in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, describing their stage show as a "sophisticated sideshow of garish masks and growling lyrics." Nollen made a note of their on-stage antics saying that "it's rather entertaining as they lumber across the stage and climb on each other's percussion stations like baboons from hell." Citing the singles "Before I Forget" and "Psychosocial" as particular highlights of the setlist, she concluded her review by saying that the "final visual punch" of drummer Joey Jordison's kit raising, tipping and rotating above the stage was like "a demented version of an Adventureland ride."
European leg II.
Slipknot's performance on June 13, 2009 at Download Festival was streamed live on the internet, along with various other acts performing at the festival. During an interview prior to their performance on June 20, 2009 in the Netherlands, percussionist Chris Fehn revealed that he suspected he had broken his hand. He did not say when the injury happened, but he did explain, "I lost a stick at a show and got a bit mad about it." Towards the end of the leg, Fehn left the tour due to a "tragic death in his family", which forced him to miss the final two dates in Spain. Additionally, Sid Wilson was absent from the Rock Am Ring show.
Critical reviews.
Several reporters reviewed Slipknot's headlining slot at England's Download Festival on June 13, 2009. Greg Cochrane, writing for the BBC, championed Slipknot as "spectacular headliners," explaining: "Flame throwers, pneumatic drum kits and mass screaming, it has it all." "NME" said Slipknot's performance "saw the Main Stage become a scene of chaos," noting how the band members "roamed the stage randomly smashing the set up with baseball bats, throwing barrels around and hanging off [Crahan's] revolving drumkit." Ian Strachan of "The Sun" rated their performance an 8 out of 10, reporting that "the tunes were tight and delivered with venom." He also cited a moment during "Spit It Out" in which Taylor got the crowd to crouch down and jump up all at once as "one of the stand out moments of the festival." Christa Ktorides of "Clickmusic" said, "The sight of 70,000 people sitting down on command is something we won't long forget." She also described their performance as "simply ferocious." "Metal Hammer" reviewer Ted Bezer called it "arguably the greatest headline performance of the Download era," adding, "Slipknot absolutely destroyed 70,000 people in a way that it didn’t seem was possible." He declared the performance of "Duality" the best moment at the whole festival.
Canceled US dates.
Anthrax was initially announced as the main support band on this leg of the tour. However, due to the departure of vocalist Dan Nelson, Anthrax were forced to cancel most of their touring dates, including all dates on this tour. 
On September 9, 2009, Slipknot planned on commemorating the 10-year anniversary of their debut album "Slipknot" by hosting a one-day festival in their hometown. Slipknot were to headline the festival, which would host two stages, the second stage showcasing local bands. However, the festival was canceled shortly after it was announced, for unknown reasons.
On August 22, 2009, Slipknot canceled their appearance at the KISW Pain In The Grass event due to Jordison being rushed to hospital hours before their set was scheduled to start. Despite planning to return for the following date in Kennewick, Washington, Slipknot again canceled their appearance hours before their performance. Slipknot also canceled their remaining dates on the tour due to Jordison's health, promising to reschedule the first two dates.
US, Canadian leg.
As previously promised by the band, Slipknot rescheduled their first canceled appearances in Washington from August, allowing all previous ticket holders the opportunity to attend.

</doc>
<doc id="19551217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551217" title="Mukaya Payam">
Mukaya Payam

Mukaya Payam is situated in Lainya County in central Equatoria State, South Sudan; It was a former local administrator head for current Yei river county. The name (Mukaya) originated from Hill located about in central of the Mukaya geographical land, which is around 9 to 12 miles north of Yei river County. The Mukaya differentiates into smaller clans of Dimo (1), Dimo (2), Dimo na Godo, Rume, Kendire, Goromba, Mingale, Jolobong, Pisak, Piyasuk, Bori, Yondoru, Sowaka, Ligi, Girim, Yensot, Migibura, Bono, Muresuku, Morsak, Gokoni, Malari, Worokusuk, Bujang, Mika, Warijang, Gori, Kobo, Nyori, Morsak, Bonga, Mikatom, Jubor, and a few other smaller ones. The population of the Mukaya Payam is estimated to be 15,000 persons.
Environment, economy and natural resources.
The environment in Mukaya Payam is typically tropical but the weather regime is fast changing; becoming arid with less rain and long dry spells. Mukaya economy is predominantly agrarian. Locally Mukaya Payam contributes 10% of food to the Yei river economy. The majority of people are peasant practicing mixed farming; subsistence agriculture in which the main crops are cassava, sorghum, maize, simsim, groundnut etc. The people in Mukaya Payam keeps goats, sheep and few cattle but the prevalence of tsetse fly has rendered cattle herding difficult. There are thick local forests around the hill of Mukaya which is the reason for the tsetse fly's existence.
Mythology and history.
Mukaya is original known to current Pojulu of Mukaya Payam, the people and their relation to the Bari and other Bari-speaking ethnic communities in Central Equatoria State, South Sudan.
Education.
List of schools in Mukaya Payam
Economic activities.
Subsistence agriculture is the main economic activity in the Payam, as is the case with most South Sudan payams.

</doc>
<doc id="19551219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551219" title="Walt Disney Imagineering Blue Sky Cellar">
Walt Disney Imagineering Blue Sky Cellar

Walt Disney Imagineering Blue Sky Cellar opened October 20, 2008 and closed September 29, 2013, replacing the old Seasons of the Vine Theater at Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California. 
The exhibit was a preview center intended to promote upcoming attractions coming to the park, such as the dark ride, Goofy's Sky School roller coaster, Buena Vista Street and the Cars Land themed areas. A preview film could be viewed in the Blue Sky Cellar, that featured Imagineers talking about the upcoming attractions. The film was updated as the progress of construction continues.
Past exhibits.
These exhibits were for rides and attractions that have been finished and removed from the cellar:

</doc>
<doc id="19551220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551220" title="Flat Witch Island">
Flat Witch Island

Flat Witch Island, also known as Little Witch, is a 64 ha island in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. Its highest point is over 100 m asl. It is part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance as a breeding site for seabirds.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin (400 pairs), Short-tailed Shearwater (500,000 pairs), Fairy Prion (10,000 pairs), Common Diving-Petrel (100 pairs), Pacific Gull, Silver Gull and Sooty Oystercatcher. The Swamp Antechinus has been recorded. Australian and New Zealand Fur Seals use a haul-out site on the south side of the island, and the latter species has bred there in small numbers. The Tasmanian Tree Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19551224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551224" title="Farah (actress)">
Farah (actress)

Farah Naaz (born 9 December 1968) is a Bollywood actress of the 1980s and early 90s films. Her landmark films were " Imaandaar"(1987), "Hamara Khandaan" (1987), "Woh Phir Ayegi"(1988), "Naqab" (1989), "Yateem" (1989), "Baap Numbri Beta Dus Numbri" (1990) and "Begunaah" (1991) and Sautela Bhai(1996). She retired from acting at the peak of her career in 1990 at the age of 22. She worked with almost all of the top actors of her time, including Rajesh Khanna, Rishi Kapoor, Sanjay Dutt, Sunny Deol, Anil Kapoor, Jackie Shroff, Mithun, Govinda, and Aamir Khan.
Early life.
Farah was born into a Muslim family in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India. She is the niece of Shabana Azmi and the elder sister of Tabu.
Career.
Farah made her debut in 1985 with Yash Chopra's "Faasle" opposite Mahendra Kapoor's son Rohan Kapoor. Although "Faasle" was a disaster, Farah got many other big offers like Shakti Samanta's "Paley Khan", K.C Bokadia's "Naseeb Apna Apna" and Pran Lal Mehta's "Love 86".
She was part of hits like "Marte Dam Tak", "Naseeb Apna Apna", "Love 86", "Imaandaar", "Ghar Ghar Ki Kahaani", "Diljala", "Rakhwala", "Hamara Khandaan", "Woh Phir Ayegi", "Veeru Dada", "Baap Ek Numbari Beta Dus Numbari", "Begunaah" and "Muqabla". J.P Dutta's "Yateem" got her critical acclaim, and it was one of her performance-oriented roles, along with films such as "Faasle", "Naqaab", "Khatarnaak" and "Pati Patni aur Tawaif", although they were commercial failures. Her performance in hit films - Woh Phir Ayegi and Begunaah were critically acclaimed. In the 1990s, she worked with Aamir Khan in two films, "Jawani Jindabad" and "Isi Ka Naam Zindagi", but both flopped at box office. She was signed for "Khuda Gawah" and she shot for few scenes, but due to delays in production, she was later replaced with Shilpa Shirodkar. However, till date, her role in Actor-Producer-Director Ranjeet's 'Kaarnama' opposite Vinod Khanna and Woh Phir Ayegi are considered her best roles ever offered to her. By the same time, she got married to Dara Singh's son Vindu Dara Singh. 
Farah then started playing supporting roles in films like "Muqabla", "Dhartiputra" and "Izzat Ki Roti". Muqabla was very successful but later her other films between 1993-1996 were not successful though Sautela Bhai was critically acclaimed. She later switched to television and did serials such as "Amar Prem", "Andaz", "Ahaa" (all three produced by Himesh Reshammiya), "Vailayiti Babu" and "Papa". Farah was also planning a mega serial called "Taqdeer", but shelved the project. She returned to films in 2004 with "Hulchul".
Personal life.
Farah was married to actor Vindu Dara Singh, with whom she has a son Fateh Randhawa. The couple have divorced.

</doc>
<doc id="19551275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551275" title="Glassite">
Glassite

Glassite may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19551276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551276" title="El Oro Municipality">
El Oro Municipality

El Oro Municipality may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19551288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551288" title="Meredith railway station">
Meredith railway station

Meredith railway station is a closed station on the Geelong–Ballarat railway line located in the township of Meredith, Victoria, Australia. There is a crossing loop at the station, while the station building is used as a residence and is fenced off from the platform. 
Grain and freight trains use the railway line. Although no V/Line trains serve the station, a number of V/Line road coach services stop in the township each day.

</doc>
<doc id="19551347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551347" title="Mission Valley High School (Kansas)">
Mission Valley High School (Kansas)

Mission Valley High School is a public secondary school in Wabaunsee County, Kansas, USA operated by Unified School District 330, and serves students of grades 9 to 12. 
History.
In 2008, it had an enrollment of 181.
The Northeast Kansas Amateur Astronomers’ League Inc. (NEKAAL) has a facility located on the school property: Farpoint Observatory is recognized internationally as the site of discovery of over 400 asteroids and one of the faintest comets discovered by an amateur astronomer.

</doc>
<doc id="19551357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551357" title="Lethbridge railway station">
Lethbridge railway station

Lethbridge is a railway station on the Geelong-Ballarat railway line located in the township of Lethbridge, Victoria, Australia. Currently freight trains pass the station, but no V/Line passenger trains.
The main bluestone station building is boarded up. Some of the ancillary weatherboard buildings are in a semi-derelict state.

</doc>
<doc id="19551360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551360" title="Robert Brenner">
Robert Brenner

Robert P. Brenner (born November 28, 1943, in New York) is a professor of history and director of the Center for Social Theory and Comparative History at UCLA, editor of the socialist journal "Against the Current", and editorial committee member of "New Left Review". His research interests are Early Modern European History; economic, social and religious history; agrarian history; social theory/Marxism; and Tudor–Stuart England.
He has contributed to a debate among Marxists on the "Transition from Feudalism to Capitalism," emphasizing the importance of the transformation of agricultural production in Europe, especially in the English countryside, rather than the rise of international trade as the main cause of the transition. His influential 1976 article on "Agrarian class structure and economic development in pre-industrial Europe" set forth the controversial "Brenner thesis." He argued that smallholding peasants had strong property rights and had little incentive to give up traditional technology or go beyond local markets, and thus no incentive toward capitalism.

</doc>
<doc id="19551372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551372" title="Western Rocks (Tasmania)">
Western Rocks (Tasmania)

The Western Rocks, also known as Black Rocks, comprise a pair of steep islets, wave-washed in heavy storms, with a combined area of 0.29 ha, in south-eastern Australia. They are part of the Maatsuyker Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. They are part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site.
Fauna.
The only recorded breeding seabird species is the Fairy Prion with up to 20 pairs in a small patch of succulent vegetation.

</doc>
<doc id="19551425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551425" title="Time Trackers">
Time Trackers

Time Trackers is a children's television series produced for the Seven Network in (Australia) and TV2 in New Zealand The 13 half-hour episodes first screened in 2008. The series is a co-production of Gibson Group in New Zealand and Taylor Media in Australia.
Premise.
Three teenagers, one from the future, the present day, and a cave-girl from the prehistoric past are on a time traveling mission to combat viruses aimed at destroying the greatest inventions of the world.
Captain Wiremu Love, the courageous 15 year old navigator of future time-ship, The Chronos travels to 2008 joining forces with present-day whiz kid, Troy and together they meet Carmen, a wild and fearless cave-girl.

</doc>
<doc id="19551472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551472" title="Masaaki Tanaka">
Masaaki Tanaka

Masaaki Tanaka (February 11, 1911 – January 8, 2006) was a Japanese author notable for his book "What Really Happened in Nanking: The Refutation of a Common Myth", which denies that the Nanking Massacre as traditionally understood took place. Originally written in Japanese in 1987, an English version was published in 2000 in response to Iris Chang's book, The Rape of Nanking.
Document Tampering Controversy.
A Japanese World War II veteran, Tanaka served as General Iwane Matsui's secretary at the time of Nanking Massacre in 1937. He was involved in a controversy in 1986 when he was found to have altered a key historical document, "Matsui Iwane Taishō no jinchū nikki" ("松井石根大将の陣中日記", "General Matsui Iwane's Battlefield Diary"), in several hundred places when serving as the editor for its publication in 1985. He suffered academic ostracism after the controversy but remained an active author for the non-academic market. 

</doc>
<doc id="19551524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551524" title="Course (orienteering)">
Course (orienteering)

An orienteering course is composed of a start point, a series of control points, and a finish point. Controls are marked with a white and orange flag in the terrain, and corresponding purple symbols on an orienteering map. The challenge is to complete the course by visiting all control points in the shortest possible time, aided only by the map and a compass.
Course types and lengths.
Courses can have varying degrees of difficulty, both technical and physical. Courses for children and novices are made easy, while experienced competitors may face extremely challenging courses. Technical difficulty is determined primarily by the terrain and the navigational problems of crossing that terrain to locate the feature on which the control is placed. Linear features such as fences, walls, and paths generally offer low difficulty; natural features such as forest or open moor can offer high difficulty. Physical difficulty is determined by the length of the course, the amount of climb, and the kinds of terrain (rocky, boggy, undergrowth etc.). General guidelines for orienteering courses are available from the International Orienteering Federation and national orienteering sport bodies.
Both the British Orienteering Federation (BOF) and the United States Orienteering Federation (USOF) have formal systems that define levels of technical difficulty. The BOF system has 5 levels whereas the USOF system has 7. In both systems, novices start on a course with a technical and physical difficulty of 1 and progress according to their age, experience, and ability up to a course with a technical and physical difficulty of 5. Great care is taken to ensure that developing juniors are provided with a course that gives them a satisfying challenge without pushing them beyond their current ability.
Advanced courses can be divided into "long distance", "middle distance" and "sprint". For instance, a "long" course can have expected winning times up to 100 minutes (elite men), or 80 minutes (elite women), while a "sprint" course will have expected winning times 12–15 minutes. As competitor speed is dependant on the terrain there is no fixed distance for course lengths, instead the course length is derived from an expected winning time, and the actual course length will vary according to the difficulty of the terrain and expected fitness of the best participants.
Relay.
In a relay, all teams run the same overall course, with each team member running a part of the overall course. Different teams will run the course in a different order e.g. if the overall course consists of parts A, B, and C, teams may run ABC, BCA, or CAB.
Course planning.
When designing a course, the aim is to present a course that is suited to the ability of the competitor, and such that orienteering skills (fast map reading, running in rough terrain, finding the best route, etc.) rather than luck most likely will decide the outcome of the competition. A fair course requires a reliable map, unambiguous control points, accurate placement of control points on the map, and good and challenging "course legs" between the control points.
For International and National events courses are provided according to the age of the competitor e.g. M21E is a course for men aged over 21 and who are classed as 'elite'. For other events a simplified structure is used: both the British Orienteering Federation (BOF) and the United States Orienteering Federation (USOF) have guidelines for these courses which incorporate the levels of technical difficulty. The BOF system has 5 levels of technical difficulty and the USOF system has 3. In both systems, White courses have the least technical challenge, followed by Yellow and Orange. In both systems, all other courses (Red, Blue, Green, Brown, Black) are for advanced competitors and vary only in their degree and kind of physical challenge. In the BOF system, White and Yellow together correspond to USOF White; Orange corresponds more or less to USOF Yellow; and Light Green corresponds to USOF Orange.
In the USOF, the guidelines for designing course levels are as follows:
White—2-3 kilometers, winning time: 25-30 min., age up to 12
Control points should be close together, large and very easy (f.ex. trail junctions). The path should be along linear features, like trails, roads and stone walls. No compass needed. No route choice necessary. The most common complaint is that the white course was too hard. It's not unusual for an 8-year-old to be doing the course on their own. Especially the first controls should be easy.
Yellow—3-5 kilometers, 35–40 minutes, age 13-14 and novices
The basic course should be along linear features, but the controls should be large and set back 25-50m from a linear feature. Limited compass use. Legs should be 200-600m. The first couple controls should be especially easy to allow people to familiarize themselves with the map.
Orange—4.5-7 kilometers, 50-55 min., intermediate
Controls should be moderately difficult. Navigation should not be primarily along paths. A compass is necessary. Course choice is actively encouraged. However, every control should be within 100m of an attack point, or obvious feature, and beyond the control should be a linear catch feature, so that the runner knows when s/he has gone too far. On no more than two legs should navigation rely solely on compass and counting paces. Orange course are often perceived as much more difficult than yellow. Once you can reliably complete orange courses, you have learned the basic skill.
There is also a Green course, Brown, Red, and Blue in the U.S. Yellow, Orange and Green are the only ones available to the JROTC branches, and are the usual choices for most civilians.
There is generally almost no overlap between white, yellow and orange controls. The requirements of each are fundamentally different. However, for brown, green, red and blue courses, the control requirements are basically the same. The advanced courses differ in length and degree of strenuousness. Finding the controls should require skill rather than luck. They should therefore be placed at a small identifiable feature—depressions, knolls, small reentrants—not in the middle of a field of tall grass, but also not too close to the top of a hill that anyone can find. Try to avoid legs which just require physical effort but no skill. Place controls before linear features instead of after them so that more skilled navigators have an advantage. Legs should be shorter if you don't follow linear features and should be no closer than 200m to a linear feature. At least one leg should be around 800m. Route choice should be maximized to favor those who choose the best routes. Often brown and green courses are run by older, but skilled orienteers. Therefore steep inclines should be avoided. Vision and eye injury is a consideration on these courses.
Computer software is available which helps in the planning of courses and can be used for pre-printing courses on orienteering maps. Current software includes Condes, and OCAD.

</doc>
<doc id="19551531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551531" title="Twinkle Crusaders">
Twinkle Crusaders

"Twinkle Crusaders" has also been adapted into four manga adaptations: a four-panel comic strip adaptation was serialized in the bishōjo magazine "Dengeki Hime", a second adaptation was serialized irregularly in "Dengeki Daioh" and concluded with four chapters, an adult one-shot manga chapter was published in the adult magazine "Megastore", and a fourth adaptation entitlted "Twinkle Crusaders GoGo!" was serialized in "Dengeki Daioh".
Gameplay.
Twinkle Crusaders is a combination of visual novel and turn-based strategy game. The novel portion consists of large amounts of often comedic conversations between characters, based on selections the player makes. There are also a lot of Easter eggs hidden within the game that can be discovered by choosing certain options during gameplay. The battle portion of the game consists of turn-based "scenes" where the player must reduce the opponent's Hit Points (HP) to zero using various battle strategies. In order to proceed with the story, the player must successfully defeat the enemy.
Plot.
Principal characters.
The player assumes the role of , the protagonist of "Twinkle Crusaders". Shin is the student council president of , a position which he thought came with free meals from the cafeteria, as he has been raised in a poor family and is in need of money. Unfortunately there's no such thing as a free meal. , one of the five heroines, is Shin's lively childhood friend. Nanaka actually has a crush on Shin, and has been following him around since they were little, going as far as enrolling in the same school and joining the student council. She has an affection towards sweet confectioneries, and is the president of the sweets club at school. She holds a grudge against the president of the wagashi (Japanese Sweets) Club Akane Misasagi (御陵彩錦).While the sweets club receives no budget from the school and is not even recognized as a proper club, Misasagi's wagashi club have "wagashi for thought" and was recognized as a club (though only in name).
She uses her butler (リースリング遠山) in some battles.
"Twinkle Crusaders"s third heroine, , is the student council's vice-president. Misa thinks of Shin as a rival, and always challenges him despite always ending up in second, falling behind Shin. She is especially annoyed about losing the election, which Shin won by chance. She has her cousin Shion Asuka i(飛鳥井紫苑) (who actually calls her "姉上(Big Sister)") as her assistant in some battles.
Helena (ヘレナ) who was in the current student council's shoes when she was a student. Helana assists Ria is some battles. The final heroine in "Twinkle Crusaders" is , a second year student who transferred into Shin's class in the middle of the story. Azel is very quiet and has a cold attitude towards others. She does not participate in any school activities, and like Shin, comes from a poor family.
Development.
"Twinkle Crusaders" was first announced as the first project to be developed by the visual novel developer Lillian in the Japanese bishōjo magazine "Tech Gian", on November 21, 2006. Art direction and character designs were provided by Rei Kannagi and Kotamaru who assisted Kannagi in the process. While the scenario in the game was worked on by Shigeta and Hideto Mayura, with Hozumi Nakamoto who provided assistance in the preparation of the story. The music in the game was composed entirely by Amedio. With the exception of Hozumi Nakamoto, the entire development team has previously worked on previous titles developed by Pajamas Soft, such as "Prism Ark".
Release history.
Before the game's release, three game demos were distributed online at the visual novel's official website, while a separate demo were distributed at retail stores. The demos gave the player a glimpse into the characters and the story of the game, and also introduced the player to the gameplay system, typically the battle system used in the game. The full game was first released on September 26, 2008, as both a limited edition and a premium edition. The limited edition release included the game itself, an arrange album titled "Kira-kira Sound Festival", an art collection by twelve different artists, and a clear plastic casing. The premium edition release included the extras found in the limited edition release along with a silver necklace, and is limited to one-thousand units. An all-ages version entitled "Twinkle Crusaders GoGo!" will be released for the PlayStation Portable published by ASCII Media Works on September 9, 2010, and will contain additional content not found in the original release,namely a new heroine and promoting a sub heroine to heroine status.
A release for windows 7 named "Twinkled Crusader Remaster" will be out on 24 June 2010, since this will be released before "Twinkled Crusaders GoGo!",
it will not contain the extra content from it.
Related media.
Internet radio show.
An internet radio show to promote the "Twinkle Crusaders", titled was first streamed online on August 27, 2008 as a pre-broadcast episode. It began its regular broadcast on September 10, 2008, and was streamed online bi-weekly on Mondays. The radio show is hosted by Kimiko Koyama and Shizuka Itō, who voiced Melilot and Herena in the visual novel, and is produced by Onsen.
Manga.
Before the game's release, a four-panel comic strip manga adaptation was serialized in ASCII Media Works' bishōjo magazine "Dengeki Hime" between the December 2007 and October 2008 issues sold on October 30, 2007 and August 30, 2008, respectively. The story of the manga is based on the visual novel, despite it not having been released yet, and was illustrated by Japanese illustrator Kotamaru, who has also contributed to the art in the game. A second manga adaptation was serialized irregularly between the April 2008 and August 2008 issues of "Dengeki Daioh", published by ASCII Media Works on February 21 and June 21, 2008, respectively, and concluded with four chapters. The second manga was illustrated by Jin Arima, and unlike the first manga which is inspired from the visual novel, the story of the second manga's story is instead based on the game's storyline. A one-shot manga chapter was also serialized in the adult magazine "Megastore" on May 17, 2008. The manga chapter was drawn by Yasushi Kawakami, and contained adult content not found in the other two manga adaptations. A fourth manga adaptation entitled "Twinkle Crusaders GoGo!" began serialization in "Dengeki Daioh" July 2009 issue on May 27, 2009, and is illustrated by Hijiki.
Reception and sales.
From mid-February to mid-March, the limited edition of "Twinkle Crusaders" was the eighth most pre-ordered title, according to a Japanese national ranking of PC games. It was then ranked as the most pre-ordered title in Japan from mid-March to mid-April, the fifth from mid-April to mid-May. The game was also the second most pre-ordered game from mid-May to mid-June, only falling behind "Little Busters! Ecstasy", after which the game was again placed as the most pre-ordered title in Japan for two consecutive months.

</doc>
<doc id="19551550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551550" title="Julius Schepps">
Julius Schepps

Julius Schepps (November 16, 1895 - May 25, 1971) was an American civic leader and businessman.
Early life.
Schepps was born in St. Louis, Missouri to Russian immigrant parents Joe and Jennie (née Nathanson) Schepps. When his parents moved to Dallas, Texas in 1901 to start a bakery business, he worked in the bakery and sold newspapers. He attended Texas A&M University in 1914 on a baseball scholarship until it was discovered that he lacked a high school education.
Later years.
Though Schepps was forced to leave the university, he became a lifetime supporter of it. He later moved to El Paso and worked there for two years. He married Phyllis Eickman in El Paso in 1915, with whom he later had three children.
Business life.
Schepps acquired the family bakery in 1922 when his father Joe Schepps died (it was sold in 1928). After the bakery was sold, he started an insurance company that lasted 43 years. He established the Schepps Brewing Company in 1934 and sold it the next year. He served on the board of directors (once as chairman) for the Mercantile National Bank from 1922 until his death. He shared other business interests including bakeries and other insurance companies. His success as a businessman allowed him to become a generous contributor to a number of charities.
Charity work.
Schepps donated close to $120,000 to the relief of Jews in the United States during World War II and contributed to build a retirement home for the Jewish population in Dallas. Schepps was once a member of St. Peter's Roman Catholic Parochial School, co-chairman of the mission to build St. Paul Hospital in Dallas, and was also a member of other Protestant groups. He acted as director of the United Fund, the Dallas Chamber of Commerce, the Carruth Memorial Rehabilitation Center, WRR classical radio station (the oldest radio station in Texas, and second oldest in the United States), and the Dallas Citizens Council. Schepps served on the committee for the West Dallas Housing Project in later years.
Schepps served on the grand jury that investigated a string of bombings in African-American communities in the 1950s in Dallas, and headed the first biracial committee in Dallas.
Awards.
Schepps received the Linz Award in 1953 and was recognized as "Dallas's Most Outstanding Citizen" the following year. He was recognized as "Headliner of the Year" by the Press Club of Dallas in 1962. Three years later, he received a "Brotherhood Citation" by the National Conference of Christians and Jews and was given the Humanitarian Award by B'nai B'rith.
The stretch of Interstate 45 within the City of Dallas, and a small park in Deep Ellum are both named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19551558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551558" title="Fish and Fur Club">
Fish and Fur Club

The original Fish and Fur Club building is at Main (NY 301) and Pearl Streets in Nelsonville, New York, United States. It is now used as Nelsonville's village hall. In 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
It is a single-story three-by-three-bay wood frame building on a stone foundation. An asphalt-shingled hipped roof is pierced in the front by a triangular dormer with a semicircular window. On the front is a poured-concrete porch with wooden posts and railings, leading to the main entrance, a recessed, panelled and glazed double door with a three-part transom. It is flanked by two wood-framed glass bay windows.
History.
The club was organized in 1895 by local outdoor sportsmen, who hunted, trapped and fished in the nearby Hudson River and Hudson Highlands. They met first at the home of one member, next to a local blacksmith's shop, then in another building at Main and Division streets. They decided to buy land for a clubhouse of their own, and bought the current parcel in spring 1905. Bonds bought by every member financed the $1,500 ($ in 2008 dollars) cost of the construction by local builder Martin Adams. It opened in November with a coon supper for members and their families.
The building would soon come to be of central importance in the community. In 1923 the Nelsonville Fire Department held its first formal meeting in the club's rooms. It would meet there until the construction of its own firehouse down the street in 1955. In that year the club moved into a new annex to the east, and the village began using the original clubhouse as its justice court, office of the village clerk and meeting room for the Village Board.
Reflecting its members interests, the original building's porch railings and posts were wood of an unfinished, rustic character, an unusual choice in the region. Those were cited as its chief source of architectural significance in its nomination to the NRHP, but have since been replaced with molded wood painted white.
In 2001 volunteers and the village began a $15,000 project to renovate the annex, which had fallen into a state of disrepair. It was completely gutted, with new walls, floors and windows installed. New heating and cooling was added, as well as a new septic system for both it and the village hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19551608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551608" title="Dear Daddy">
Dear Daddy

Dear Daddy is a 1976 play written by English playwright Denis Cannan, first staged at the Ambassadors Theatre in London's West End.

</doc>
<doc id="19551626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551626" title="Lau Pak Khuan">
Lau Pak Khuan

Lau Pak Khuan (1894–1971) was a major Chinese political and community leader in Malaysia. 
Born in China, Lau was 17 when he came to Malaya on board a Chinese junk in search of a better life. Upon arrival, he saw and experienced the hardship of his countrymen. He made a promise to himself that if he ever made it, he would do all he could for their welfare. Being a Hakka, Lau had to work as a labourer, and his first job was as a tin-mine pushcart boy. He was eventually made a supervisor after years of hard work, and ended up managing 20 of his own tin mines. 
A former Kuomintang leader, he was a personal friend of Sun Yat-sen and Chiang Kai-shek. A founding member of Malaysian Chinese Association (MCA), he split ranks with the main stream and left the party in 1956, over major differences in defending Chinese rights. He was noted for leading the fight for Chinese equal citizenship rights and official language status during the drafting of the Malaysian Constitution after Malaysia gained her independence, although it was not successful. The mainstream of the MCA was not for this.
In 1951, Lau was awarded the title Officer of the Order of the British Empire by King George V for public service. He was awarded the Datuk title in 1963 and Datuk Seri three years later by then Sultan of Perak, Sultan Idris Shah. He was the first Chinese to be conferred the Datuk Seri title. 
A street was named after him in Ipoh Garden, Perak. 
He served as President of Chinese Chamber of Commerce for 33 years, Perak Chinese Assembly Hall for a similar period, Perak Kwantung Association for 30 years and Perak Chinese Mining Association for 25 years. He was president of the associations for so many years as no one wanted to challenge him. They had such faith in him to lead the community.
He died in 1971, leaving behind nine children - three girls and six boys. 
He was an extraordinary man who preferred to remain anonymous when he donated to charities. He believed everything he had was from the people, and this was why he worked so hard to give something back.

</doc>
<doc id="19551628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551628" title="1949 Florida hurricane">
1949 Florida hurricane

The 1949 Florida hurricane was the second recorded storm and the strongest and most intense tropical cyclone of the 1949 Atlantic hurricane season. It was the most intense tropical cyclone to affect the United States during the season, with a minimum central pressure of 954 mbar (28.18 inHg) at landfall. The cyclone originated from an easterly wave near the Leeward Islands, and it rapidly intensified to a hurricane near the Bahamas. It strengthened to a major hurricane northwest of Nassau, Bahamas, and it struck West Palm Beach, Florida as a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds near 150 mph (240 km/h) and peak gusts near 160 mph (260 km/h) above the surface. It turned north over the Florida peninsula, and it transitioned to an extratropical low pressure area over New England. The tropical cyclone inflicted $52,000,000 (1949 USD) in damage, most of which was incurred in the state of Florida. It was the costliest storm of the season.
Meteorological history.
On August 23, a moderate tropical storm developed 200 miles (323 km) east of Sint Maarten. Operationally, the system was treated as an easterly wave until it moved through the Bahamas. It is believed that the system originated near the Cape Verde islands. On August 24, the tropical storm passed north of the Leeward Islands and San Juan, Puerto Rico, and then strengthened to a minimal hurricane with 75 mph (120 km/h) winds on August 25. Subsequently, it strengthened rapidly, and the cyclone was noted as "well developed" when it passed near Nassau with 115 mph (185 km/h) winds on the morning of August 26. At the time, it was the equivalent of a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The storm strengthened further over the Gulf Stream, and it moved ashore over the city of West Palm Beach as a strong Category 4 hurricane around 7:20 p.m. EDT. The city's airport reported calm conditions from 7:20–7:40 p.m., and the minimum central pressure of 954 mbar (28.18 inHg) was measured at the site. Peak gusts were recorded at 125 mph (205 km/h) before the anemometer blew away. A maximum sustained wind of 153 mph (246 km/h) was reported from the Jupiter Inlet Light station prior to the loss of the anemometer; although conditions were slightly more severe after the reading, reliable estimates are unavailable. The Atlantic hurricane database lists the cyclone as a strong Category 4 hurricane at landfall. The wind reading is the basis for the Category 4 designation in the Atlantic hurricane database, although a reduction from the anemometer's elevated location lends credence to the concept of a weaker system. Originally, the system was designated as a Category 3 hurricane in the state of Florida, based on the minimum central pressure reading of 954 mbar (28.18 inHg); this pressure corresponds to the original classification of a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. However, modern analysis applies Saffir-Simpson rankings based on maximum sustained wind speeds. The 1949 Florida hurricane will be eventually reanalyzed by the Atlantic hurricane reanalysis project, which may find a weaker hurricane in Florida. The central pressure of 954 mbar (28.18 inHg) is unusually high for a strong Category 4 hurricane; the reanalysis project has discovered that hurricanes erroneously featured stronger winds than the typical pressure/wind relationship in the 1940s–1960s, unlike subsequent hurricanes in the 1970s–1980s. The evidence suggests wind speeds may have been overestimated for hurricanes in the 1940s–1960s.
Inland, the hurricane moved over the northern portion of Lake Okeechobee, following a similar path as the 1928 Okeechobee hurricane. On August 27, the hurricane recurved over the Florida peninsula, and then weakened to a Category 1 hurricane northeast of Tampa. The system diminished to a tropical storm near Cedar Key, and it entered southern Georgia during the morning of August 28. The system passed over the Carolinas as a weak tropical storm, and it was operationally noted as a "weak disturbance" at the time. The cyclone passed through the Mid-Atlantic states and New England on August 29; it became extratropical over New Hampshire. On August 31, the extratropical low was last detected over the western North Atlantic Ocean.
Preparations.
On August 25, the northern Bahamas were advised to initiate hurricane precautions, and a hurricane warning was issued for the islands. South Floridians were encouraged to closely monitor the progress of the storm. On August 26, hurricane warnings were released from Miami to Vero Beach; officials decided to cancel proposed evacuations of the Lake Okeechobee region, as the presence of the Herbert Hoover Dike was expected to prevent flooding.
Impact.
In the Bahamas, the cyclone produced 120 mph (195 km/h) wind gusts on Bimini. Damages in the Bahamas are unknown.
In Florida, the hurricane produced hurricane force gusts from Miami Beach to Saint Augustine. The majority of the state experienced sustained winds of at least 50 mph (85 km/h). The storm produced the most severe conditions over the Lake Okeechobee region since 1928, and peak gusts were measured from 100 (161 km/h) to 126 mph (203 km/h) near the lake. The minimum central pressure near Lake Okeechobee was 956 mbar (28.24 inHg) at Canal Point; pressures were below 982 mbar (29.00 inHg) as far north as Levy County, which is located in the Big Bend of the state.
On the southeast coast of Florida, unofficial wind gusts reached 155 mph (250 km/h) at Palm Beach and 160 mph (260 km/h) at Stuart, respectively. Vero Beach reported sustained winds of 97 mph (156 km/h) and peak gusts of 110 mph (177 km/h). Tides reached 12 feet (144 in) above normal at Belle Glade and Clewiston, but the Herbert Hoover Dike remained intact, protecting the area from severe flooding. Minimal erosion occurred in some locales. Palm Beach, Jupiter, and Stuart experienced the most severe damage from the storm in south Florida; hundreds of homes, apartment buildings, stores, and warehouse buildings lost roofs and windows. Interior furnishings were blown through broken glass into the streets. Severe damage was received by 40 percent of Stuart's residences and commercial structures, and 90 percent required repairs. A church, baseball park, and ice company was destroyed in the area's black neighborhoods. Many flimsy buildings were destroyed in the neighborhoods. In West Palm Beach, cars were overturned in the interior of a dealership as winds shattered windows. Sand and debris covered the island of Palm Beach. Heavy rainfall resulted in flooding, and water entered many homes in Palm Beach and Martin counties. Snakes and mosquitoes infested many residences. Precipitation totals of 8.18, 7.10, and were measured at Belle Glade, Okeechobee, and St. Lucie Lock, respectively. Miami received less damage, although trees and power lines were knocked down. Winds reached 60 mph (97 km/h) in the city. Radio towers were toppled in Lake Worth and Belle Glade, and three portions of the Jensen causeway near Sewall's Point were ripped away. A hangar and beacon was destroyed at the local airport in Martin County. 500 people were homeless in Stuart. A water mark of 8.5 feet (102 in) was recorded on the St. Lucie River near Stuart.
The cyclone inflicted heavy citrus losses, and one-third of the trees were uprooted in many groves. Agricultural losses reached $20 million (1949 USD), including 14 million boxes of fruit. Wind gusts of 75 mph (120 km/h) affected Clermont, and numerous central Florida communities reported severe damage from the winds. The observation station at Archbold Biological Station reported peak wind gusts of 110 mph (175 km/h); the town of Sebring reported 125 mph (205 km/h) gusts, which caused damage to trees and severe structural damage to buildings. Estimations of property damage reached $100,000 (1949 USD) in the town, and local citrus groves estimated losses near $2,000,000 (1949 USD). Buildings received considerable damage in the Lake Placid area, and telegraph, telephone, rail, and bus services were disrupted. Flooding affected Georgia and the Carolinas, although the rains alleviated drought conditions in Maryland, Pennsylvania, New York, and New England. Charleston, South Carolina reported a wind gust of 80 mph (129 km/h), and power lines were damaged. In Maryland, damage was minimal, although trees were prostrated and electrical services were down. Two people were killed in Florida, but advance warnings prevented a higher death toll.

</doc>
<doc id="19551644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551644" title="Michael Pitman">
Michael Pitman

Michael George Pitman OBE (7 February 1933 – 30 March 2000) was an English-born Australian biologist, who was Chief Scientist of Australia from 1992 to 1996. 
Biography.
Early life.
Pitman was born in 1933, at the family home in Bristol, England to Percy George Pitman (a butcher) and Norma Ethel née Payne (a milliner). His family lived in Bedminster where Michael attended Southville Primary School in an adjacent suburb. When World War II began, Michael and his mother and brother lived in the village of East Harptree which was relatively safer from the threat of German bombs. Returning to Bedminster, Michael attended Colston's School as his father and grandfather had, although the family's financial circumstances required him to qualify for a scholarship to attend Colston's. Whilst attending a Christian student conference in 1951, he met his future wife, Maureen Room, with whom he corresponded while attending university and whom he married in 1955.
Education and career.
Whilst attending Colston's School, Pitman had achieved high marks in science subjects, particularly in botany, on which he decided to focus at university. He won two scholarships to attend Sidney Sussex College at the University of Cambridge, and he started his studies there in 1952. Graduating with a first class degree, another scholarship from the Agricultural Research Council enabled him to complete a PhD in botany in 1959. He continued to work at Cambridge in teaching and post-doctoral research, and was appointed a Junior Fellow of St John's College.
In 1962, Dr. Pitman was offered a job as a lecturer at the University of Adelaide in South Australia, which he accepted, intending to return to England eventually. However, his family found the lifestyle in Australia very enjoyable, and when Pitman was offered the position of Professor of Biology (Plant Physiology) at the University of Sydney in 1966, he and his family decided to remain in Australia permanently.
Organisational career.
In 1983, Dr. Pitman retired from the University of Sydney, and was appointed as the Director of the Institute of Biological Resources, one of the divisions of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), Australia's peak scientific body. He became an associate member of the CSIRO's Executive in 1985, and was Deputy to the Chief Executive from 1987 to 1988.
In 1992, Pitman was made the second Chief Scientist of Australia, advising the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet on scientific matters.

</doc>
<doc id="19551657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551657" title="Verticordia verticordina">
Verticordia verticordina

Verticordia verticordina is a species of flowering plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is a low growing shrub, with greenish-white flowers, that occurs near the southern coast of Western Australia.
The habit of this small shrub with many basal stems is spreading to prostrate. The floral leaves are between 5 and 10 millimetres long and similar to those of the stem; these are semicircular in cross section, giving a fleshy appearance. The flowers are pale and greenish-cream, browning as they age on the plant. The cream coloured sepals, 3.5 mm long and elliptic, have almost undivided, ragged and papery, slightly hairy, or entire margins. The petals have several cilia structures at their margins, are cream, 3 mm long, and have an oval shape that tapers to a point. The hypanthium is hairy, ovules are two and the long style, 15 mm and tapering, is slightly bearded below the apex. It does not possess a lignotuber.
The fleshy appearance of leaves and flowers, and almost entire margin of the sepal, distinguish this plant from other species of "Verticordia". Variously placed within the Myrtaceae family, the species shares characteristics with two closely related genera. "Verticordia verticordina" was originally named "Chamelaucium verticordinum" in the description by Ferdinand von Mueller (1864), then transferred to "Darwinia", as "D. verticordina", by George Bentham the following year. 
The Latin term "verticordina" translates as resembling "Verticordia". When Alex George transferred the species into that genus in 1991, with some reservations, its specific epithet was conserved. The plant shares characteristics with two other species in the same region, "V. oxylepis" and "V. longistylis", these are contained in "Verticordia" sect. "Infuscata", although it also resembles small species of "Darwinia".
George's infrageneric placement is within "Verticordia" subg." Verticordia" as the sole member of section Verticordia sect. Elachoschista, which has the unusual or unique characteristics; fleshiness, unlobed sepals, prominent staminodes, and wet habitat. 
The arrangement may be summarised as:
The specimens used for the description of this species were collected by George Maxwell at Cape Le Grand National Park. Several populations are recorded in the Esperance Plains region, between Esperance and Israelite Bay, occurring on or near coastal granite outcrops in wet and sandy clay. It is sometimes found growing in heath with "Verticordia plumosa" var. "grandiflora"
The state's Department of Environment and Conservation has placed this species on the Declared Rare and Priority Flora List as P3, small and poorly surveyed populations that may be declared rare.

</doc>
<doc id="19551662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551662" title="Earl Bamber">
Earl Bamber

Earl Anderson Bamber (born 9 July 1990 in Wanganui, New Zealand) is a motor racing driver and commentator from New Zealand.
Career.
As a young rookie driver Bamber demonstrated race driving talent when progressing through karts and minor single seater series, and in 2008 was ranked sixth highest future star in the world by the internationally recognised website driverdb.com.
Bamber was the 2006 Formula BMW Asia champion, and in 2008, also won the Imola round of the European Formula Masters series.
Bamber drove for A1 Team New Zealand in the opening round of the 2008–09 A1 Grand Prix season after impressing the team during rookie seasons in 2007–08 and during pre-season testing with the new Powered by Ferrari car. He was second in the sprint race at Circuit Park Zandvoort behind Team Malaysia, and third in the feature race behind Team France and Team Malaysia.
Bamber was a commentator at the 2009 Donington Superleague Formula round.
In 2010, among other driving outings, he raced in the Toyota Racing Series for Triple X Motorsport car. He claimed six victories, including the prestigious New Zealand Grand Prix held at Manfeild as he finished runner-up in the championship for a second time, three points behind Mitch Evans.
He rejoined the Superleague Formula commentating team from the start of the 2010 season.
In 2013 Bamber competed in Porsche Carrera Cup Asia and on his first attempt Bamber managed to clinch the title from Martin Ragginger by 19 points. Earl also took part in the Hungary round of the 2013 Porsche Mobil 1 Supercup finishing 15th. Through winning the Asian leg of Porsche's one make series Bamber had the opportunity with the winner from the other Carrera Cup's to take part in testing the new 991 Porsche Cup Car as well as a variety of other tests including car feedback, media training as well as fitness tests with the winner receiving 200,000 Euro to compete in next years Porsche Mobil 1 Supercup.

</doc>
<doc id="19551686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551686" title="Time Warrior">
Time Warrior

Time Warrior or Time Warriors may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19551716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551716" title="Scott Lighty">
Scott Lighty

Scott Lighty (born October 15, 1978) is an American Super Heavyweight kickboxer and Light Heavyweight mixed martial artist. He currently trains at The Pit alongside UFC veterans, Chuck Liddell and Glover Teixeira. Lighty currently fights for the Strikeforce organization. He also owns a small business, Lighty's Independent Volkswagen Repair.
Kickboxing career.
K-1 career.
Lighty made his K-1 debut as a tournament reserve fighter on the August 2004 K-1 card in Las Vegas, Nevada, scoring a second-round knockout over Frank Cota. In 2005, he finished as a runner-up at "Mayhem At The Mirage" tournament. He knocked out Tatsufumi Tomihira by a high kick in the quarterfinals and beat Chalid Arrab by a unanimous decision in the semifinals. In the final bout, Lighty remained on his feet, but took a considerable amount of punishment from the Russian kickboxer Ruslan Karaev and lost the fight after three rounds of action.
Mixed martial arts career.
Mixed martial arts career.
After 2007, there were not many K-1 fights held in the United States and Lighty decided to switch from kickboxing to mixed martial arts. He made his professional debut on the reality show "TapouT" and won that battle by verbal submission in the first round over Derek Thornton.
In his next fight, Lighty fought Antwain Britt at . Lighty lost via TKO (doctor stoppage) after the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="19551748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551748" title="Acetosa sagittata">
Acetosa sagittata

Acetosa sagittata, commonly known as turkey rhubarb or rambling dock or potato vine, is a herbaceous perennial plant native to southern Africa, which has become a weed in Australia and New Zealand.
Taxonomy.
Initially described as "Rumex sagittatus" by Swedish botanist Carl Peter Thunberg, it was later placed in the genus "Acetosa" by Australian botanists Lawrie Johnson and Barbara Briggs. Its specific name is derived from the Latin "sagitta" "arrow", hence "arrow-shaped". The plant is known by various common names including turkey rhubarb, arrowhead vine, potato vine, rambling dock or climbing sorrel.
Description.
"Acetosa sagittata" is a soft-stemmed herbaceous scrambling and climbing plant with prominent triangular arrow-shaped leaves 3-6 cm (1.4-2.4 in) in length and 2-4 cm (0.8-1.6 in) wide. The grooved green stem may be distinctly tinted red at times. The small pinkish flowers grow on panicles up to 15 cm (6 in) long. These are followed by a 3-sided greenish 0.8-1 cm diameter pod. The plant grows from a tuber, which may be up to 10 cm (4 in) long. The plant flowers and sets seed over summer, and may die back to the tuber in colder areas.
Distribution and habitat.
The plant is native to southern Africa, where it occurs from Malawi and Zambia south to South Africa. It has become naturalised in many parts of Australia near urban areas, from Queensland to eastern Tasmania, and warmer locales in New Zealand. 
It spreads by seed or by resprouting from the tuber. The seeds float on water and hence may be conveyed far from the parent plant. Tubers may be broken up by tractors or road graders and each fragment may be able to regrow; they can also be difficult to find with removal of plants by hand. "Acetosa sagittata" may grow and smother other plants it covers.
Uses.
The leaves and young stems can be cooked and eaten and are sometimes cultivated as a vegetable in Java. 

</doc>
<doc id="19551770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551770" title="Mammad agha Shahtakhtinski">
Mammad agha Shahtakhtinski

Mammad agha Mammad Taghi Soltan oglu Shahtakhtinski (Azeri: "Məmməd ağa Şahtaxtinski") (1846, Erivan – 1931, Baku) was an Azerbaijani linguist and public figure.
Life and career.
Shahtakhtinski was born into an Azeri family living in Erivan (present-day Yerevan). He was raised Muslim and attended a religious school as a child. In 1869 he graduated from the University of Leipzig with a degree in philosophy, history and law. In 1873, he enrolled in courses at the École des langues orientales but was forced to return to Russia in 1875, after his father's death. Until the early 1890s he worked as a journalist publishing articles in the Russian newspapers "Moskovskie Vedomosti", "Novoe Vremia", etc. on various subjects ranging from linguistics and education to the life in Persia and the Ottoman Empire. In 1898, Shahtakhtinski returned to Paris to excel in Arabic, Persian and Turkish languages at the Collège de France and the École pratique des hautes études. His keen interest in these languages resulted in him being admitted into the prestigious Société Asiatique.
In 1902, Shahtakhtinski settled in Tiflis. Here in 1903, he founded the Azeri-language newspaper "Sharg-i Rus" ("The Russian Orient") dedicated to the academic enlightenment of the Muslims of the Caucasus. His articles propagated the necessity of Europeanisation, which he saw as the only possible way to stable and developed future. He sharply criticised Islamic fanaticism which in his opinion was a major obstacle in the development of Azeri culture and was incompatible with the idea of progress. He also dismissed Pan-Turkism, a popular theory among Turkic-speaking scholars and political activists of the time, and propagated the use of folk Azeri as a literary language, as opposed to the common practice of using Ottoman Turkish. In 1907, he was elected to the State Duma of the Russian Empire (second convocation). Between 1908 and 1918, Shahtakhtinski lived in various parts of the Middle East, including Anatolia, Iraq and Persia. In 1919, he returned to then independent Azerbaijan to read lectures at the newly established Azerbaijan State University.
Alphabet reform proposal.
Shahtakhtinski was among the numerous scholars who had followed Mirza Fatali Akhundov in proposing an alphabet reform for Azeri, suggesting to reform the existing Perso-Arabic script. The unsuitability of the Arabic alphabet to Turkic languages in general was in his opinion a major obstacle in the spread of literacy among Azeris. Between 1879 and 1903, Shahtakhtinski designed several model alphabets for Azeri, some of them Roman-based, however none of them was implemented in practice. In 1923, Shahtakhtinski as member of a special four-member committee developed a new Roman-script alphabet for Azeri, apparently based on one of Shahtakhtinski's earlier models. The alphabet was put in official use on a par with the Perso-Arabic alphabet, which it completely replaced in 1928, and was used until 1939, when it itself was replaced by Cyrillic.

</doc>
<doc id="19551775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551775" title="Packington Hall (Staffordshire)">
Packington Hall (Staffordshire)

Packington Hall () in Staffordshire, England was a country mansion designed by architect James Wyatt in the 18th century that was the home of the Levett family for many generations. The Levetts had ties to Whittington, Staffordshire and nearby Hopwas for many years.
Packington Hall is located approximately two miles from Lichfield, and was likely built for Zachary Babington whose daughter Mary Babington married Theophilus Levett, town clerk of Lichfield. From Theophilus Levett the home passed to a succession of family members, including MP John Levett, the Rev. Thomas Levett, who was the vicar of Whittington, and Robert Thomas Kennedy Levett, DL, JP. 
The Levett family, many of whom also resided at Wychnor Hall in the same county, embraced vicars, MP's, barristers and soldiers. Levetts of Wychnor and Packington also served as High Sheriff of Staffordshire. The family was related to the Levetts of Milford Hall in the same county, as well as to the Floyers of Hints Hall, Hints, Staffordshire, the Gresleys of Drakelow, the Arkwrights, the Disbrowes, the Wilmot-Sitwells, the Prinseps, the Repingtons, the Parkyns, the Kennedys of Culzean and others. The several Levett byways in Lichfield are named for the family.
The last member of the Levett family to reside at Packington Hall was Rev. Thomas Prinsep Levett, son of Col. Robert Thomas Kennedy Levett, and graduate of Clare College, Cambridge, and a longserving clergyman at Richmond, North Yorkshire and Selby Abbey. Rev. Thomas P. Levett died at Frenchgate, Richmond, in 1938. Rev. Thomas Levett's brother Robert Kennedy Levett attended Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, and also chose a career in the ministry. Another brother, George Arthur Monro Levett, went up to Christ's College, Cambridge after Clifton College, and became a land agent in Kent.
Packington Hall was subsequently sold to the Bowden cable manufacturing company CTP Gills Ltd., which manufactures parts for automotive companies. The company occupied the home in the 1940s when its factory in Birmingham was bombed. CTP Gills was sold in 2006 to Suprajit, an Indian engineering firm. In 2007 Gills Cables Ltd vacated the property and moved to a smaller factory in Tamworth.

</doc>
<doc id="19551792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551792" title="Shekou International School">
Shekou International School

Shekou International School (蛇口国际学校 "Shékǒu guójì xuéxiào") is a private, not-for-profit international school, located in Shekou, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. It serves students in Nursery through to Grade 12 across three campuses. 
Shekou International School is fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and offers the IB Diploma program in the High School. The school is also a member of the East Asian Council of Overseas Schools (EARCOS), the Association for the Advancement of International Education (AAIE) and a member of All-China and Mongolia International School (ACAMIS) organisation.
History.
The school was opened in 1988, funded by four oil companies: Amoco, Arco, CACT and Phillips. Shekou International School presently has over 800 students representing 40 different countries. Among them 20% are American, 55% are Asian and 20% are European. The faculty consists of over 90 teachers coming from the United States, Canada, U.K., New Zealand, Australia, the Philippines, Guatemala, and China. The student–staff ratio is under 10:1.
Expected Learning Results.
All learners (ECLC - 12) at SIS are nurtured to become:
Communicators who:
Independent Learners who:
Collaborators who:
Complex Thinkers who:
Global Citizens who:
Curriculum.
Elementary school.
Students in K through 3 have access to shared iPads and high speed internet access to support learning. Students in grade 4 and 5 participate in a 1:1 iPad learning program. All students are exposed to the following curriculum areas in the elementary school.
Middle school.
Students in grade 6 through 8 participate in a 1:1 iPad learning program. All students are exposed to the following curriculum areas in the middle school.
High school.
Students in grades 9 through 12 participate in a 1:1 MacBook learning program.
Subjects

</doc>
<doc id="19551805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551805" title="Charles Bradley">
Charles Bradley

Charles Bradley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19551812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551812" title="Keetham Lake">
Keetham Lake

Keetham lake is a scenic lake just outside Agra on the Agra - Delhi highway (NH 2). The Keetham lake is also known as the Sur Sarovar. It is a tranquil spot, ideal for a relaxed outing. A wide variety of fish and water-birds add to the lake's natural charm and beauty.
Location.
This scenic lake, is about 20 KM from Agra and 12 km from sikandra is located within the Sur Sarovar Bird Sanctuary. Keetham Lake is linked by Railway track at Keetham Railway Station and was declared as National Bird Sanctuary in 27 March 1991 by U.P. Forest Department. The riverine belt of River Yamuna surrounds the area of Sur-Sarovar.
Climate.
The climatic conditions of the lake area is typical of Uttar Pradesh plains with hot windy summers and extremely cold winters. The average temperature ranges between 1.5 C to 49 C. The monsoon season occurs during July to September.
Area.
The entire lake is formed in a catchment area of 7.13 km². Keetham Lake is pentagonal in shape. There are artificially created islands for shelter and breeding grounds to the migratory birds.The best thing is that is placed on the way of Delhi and tourist can visit during the their journey to Agra.
Water Management.
The raw water for Keetham Lake is obtained from Agra Canal originating from Okhla barrage on River Yamuna in Delhi. At Delhi Agra road, the Agra Canal water is diverted through Jodhpur branch near Anand Engineering Collage located about 2 km from Keetham. The lake water of Keetham is also used as raw water intake for Mathura Refinery Water Treatment Plant located in vicinity of Keetham Lake
Development.
U.P. Forest Department has created woodlands and developed shallow areas near lake, making it a natural habitat for birds nesting sites.
Attractions.
More than 106 species of migratory and resident birds are known to have their resting habitats at Sur Sarovar. The entire lake area gets covered by profuse growth of macrophytic vegetation of water hyacinth (Eichornia sp.) and Potamogeton sp. during summers. The water quality of Keetham lake supports wide range of avifauna during winter season. 
The important aquatic birds inhabiting Keetham lake are 

</doc>
<doc id="19551843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551843" title="John W. Carpenter">
John W. Carpenter

John William Carpenter (August 31, 1881 - June 16, 1959) was an American businessman and agriculturist.
Early life.
Carpenter was born to Thomas Wirt Carpenter and Ellen Isaphene Dickson in Corsicana, Navarro County, Texas. He was raised on the family's farm, which had been established after the Civil War. After his father's death, he took over the farm, becoming the head-of-household at the early age of 19. He took a job with Corsicana Gas and Electric Company in 1900 to supplement the income of the farm digging trenches and holes for electric and gas lines. He married Flossie Belle Gardner on June 18, 1913. Together, they had three children: Ellen Carolyn, Benjamin Howard, and John William, Jr. 
His son "Johnny" was killed in an automobile accident when he was a freshman at the University of Texas in 1934. His son's best friend, and cousin was Walter Allen (Al) Dealey, Jr. who had lost his father in the previous 12 months. He went to Al and said, "you've lost a father" and "I have lost a son". Let's be "father and son" to each other, and gave him a ring in remembrance of that "replacement commitment" to each other. 
Business years.
Seven years after starting work, he climbed to the position of president and general manager of Corsicana Gas and Electric Company. He held the same title for Corsicana Transit Company and the Athens Power and Light Company. He moved to Dallas in 1918 and served as president and general manager of Dallas Power and Light Company. In 1919, he went on to become vice-president and general manager of Texas Power and Light Company; he served as president of the same company from 1927 to 1949. He retired in 1953 as the chairman of the executive committee and director.
Carpenter organized the Texas Security Life Insurance Company in 1930. The company became Southland Life Insurance Company through a series of mergers and acquisitions in 1945, making it the fifteenth largest publicly owned company in the United States in 1959.
He was the founder and first president of Lone Star Steel Company in 1942.
Contributions to Texas development.
Carpenter operated the largest family of dairy farms in North Texas, which played an important factor in the success of the Texas Centennial Exposition in 1936 and the success of the State Fair of Texas. He served as president of Trinity Valley Cattle Company from 1940 to 1946.
Along with Amon Carter, his friend from Fort Worth, he planted around two million pine seedlings on his farms, and upheld the support for the Trinity River, despite constant floods and droughts that had been common in the past. Carpenter served on the Trinity River Development Committee of the Dallas Chamber of Commerce and president of the Trinity Improvement Association from its beginnings in 1928. He was a major supporter in the introduction of legislation that formed the Trinity River Authority. He also served as member of the committee that introduced Texas's first national park, Big Bend National Park, and later director of the Big Bend National Park Association and the Big Bend Trail Association.
Education.
Carpenter was one of the founders of the Texas Technological College (now Texas Tech University) in Lubbock, Texas and a member of the Board of Directors of Texas Technological College. Carpenter was also a member of the board of trustees for Baylor College (now Baylor University). He also served on the Bureau of Business Research for the University of Texas at Austin.
He held a commission as Major in the U.S. Army Officers Reserve Corps and received an honorary LL.D. from Texas Tech University and a D.Eng. from Southern Methodist University.
Death.
Carpenter died on the afternoon of June 16, 1959, from a heart attack.
Portions of State Highway 114 and State Highway 183 are named in his honor (John W. Carpenter Freeway).

</doc>
<doc id="19551874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551874" title="Eric Mackenzie (Australian rules footballer)">
Eric Mackenzie (Australian rules footballer)

Eric Mackenzie (born 19 May 1988) is an Australian rules footballer currently listed with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL). He also plays for the Claremont Tigers in the West Australian Football League. He made his debut for the Eagles in 2007.
Career.
West Coast Eagles.
Mackenzie was drafted in the 2nd round of the 2006 AFL Draft. He is shaping up as the club's replacement for veteran full-back Darren Glass. The highlights of his 57 game career include being nominated for the Mark of the Year in just his second game of senior football in 2008 and an impressive display in the 2011 qualifying final when he managed to completely shut down Travis Cloke, one of the most highly regarded power forwards of the game.
Claremont Tigers.
Mackenzie was given his first chance with WAFL club Claremont. He has played 32 games with the club and played 12 in 2008, splitting his time between Claremont and West Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="19551888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551888" title="INID">
INID

INID is an acronym for Internationally agreed Numbers for the Identification of (bibliographic) Data. INID codes are used by patent offices worldwide for indicating specific bibliographic data items on the title pages of patents and patent application publications. INID codes use Arabic numerals, and so are language-independent. For example, number "(30)" indicates priority data, and "(51)" technical area according to the International Patent Classification (IPC).
INID codes are standardised by World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) in ST.9.

</doc>
<doc id="19551911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19551911" title="Ángel Rebelde">
Ángel Rebelde

Ángel Rebelde is a 2003 Miami, Florida-based telenovela produced by Fonovideo Productions which aired first on Venevisión in Venezuela. Mexican actors Grettel Valdez and Victor Noriega star as the main ptoragonists while Maritza Rodríguez and Ismael La Rosa star as the main antagonists. The telenovela aired on Univision from February 2 to December 6, 2004. It recently aired on Venevisión Plus in 2012.
Plot.
Lucia is a young girl who is in love with Raul. Raul is also in love with her. One day Lucia starts working in the mansion of Dona Enriqueta without knowing that she is working in the house of her Grandmother. In the mansion she meets Crystal and Natasha, granddaughters of Dona Enriqueta. Natasha is good, her and Lucia become friends, but Crystal remembers a fight she had with Lucia in the street one day and begins to treat her bad. When Crystal meets Raul, she falls in love with him but he loves Lucia. 
Crystal will do anything to get Raul, even kill. On the other hand, one night Lucia and Raul make love and Lucia becomes pregnant. But Crystal has offered Raul riches if he marries her and a better life for his child. When Lucia gives birth to "twins", she finds out that Crystal married Raul. Lucia is crushed, but she gets a chance to take revenge on Raul when her father Alejandro comes out of jail after 25 years. He was put in jail because of lies from Dona Enriqueta. 
Dona Enriqueta always hated Alejandro because her daughter Elena was in love with him, so she stole everything that belonged to him and put him in jail. Alejandro pressures Lucia to get revenge on Crystal and Dona Enriqueta.

</doc>
<doc id="19552018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552018" title="Ole Edvard Buck">
Ole Edvard Buck

Ole Edvard Buck (14 November 1799 – 13 June 1843) was a Norwegian politician.
He was appointed County Governor of "Finmarkens Amt" (today's Troms and Finnmark) in 1833. In 1838 he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1838, representing his county. He served only one term.
After his parliamentary term he was sent to Northwest Russia by the second cabinet Wedel-Jarlsberg, in order to improve commercial relations. During this period Mons Lie was acting County Governor. Buck died in 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="19552063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552063" title="Zdzisław Jachimecki">
Zdzisław Jachimecki

Zdzisław Jachimecki (Lwów, July 7, 1882 – October 27, 1953, Kraków) was a Polish historian of music, composer, professor at the Jagiellonian University and Academy of Music in Kraków, and member of the Polish Academy of Learning.
Life.
In 1904–5 he studied counterpoint with Arnold Schönberg in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19552092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552092" title="Gogebic Community College">
Gogebic Community College

Gogebic Community College is a public two-year college located in Ironwood, Michigan, United States, and was founded as Ironwood Junior College in 1932. The college has a main campus in Ironwood and a site in Houghton, Michigan to serve Houghton County and the surrounding area.
The college offers two-year associate's degrees, a variety of certification programs, occupational training, and other learning opportunities for the surrounding community. It is the home of Mount Zion Recreational Complex, which is owned and operated by the college, and run by students, staff, and faculty from the school’s Ski Area Management program.
Athletics.
Gogebic Community College intercollegiate sports include:
The GCC Athletic Director is Dennis Mackey.
The Chieftain.
The independent student newspaper for Gogebic Community College, The Chieftain, is a 4-page, monthly publication that features Campus News, Arts and Entertainment, Sports, and Opinions. The Chieftain is available at several locations on campus and in the community.
Student Life.
There are several student groups on campus including Student Senate, Campus Crusade, ADAPT (Alcohol and Drug Awareness Program for Teens), The Chieftain, and WAFFLES (Wacky Art for Fun-Loving Energetic Students).

</doc>
<doc id="19552121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552121" title="Barbie Thumbelina">
Barbie Thumbelina

Barbie Thumbelina, or "Barbie Presents: Thumbelina", is a 2009 Barbie film directed by Conrad Helten. It is the 15th in the series of Barbie animated films, and features the voice of Kelly Sheridan as Barbie. The story title is like Hans Christian Andersen's Thumbelina, but the story plot is different.
Plot.
The story opens with Barbie and kindergarten students walking in a big meadow, ready to plant trees. Emma, one of the children, finds a small tree and decides to plant it, but her friends laugh at her because of it, making her sad. However, Barbie cheers her up by telling her that a small tree can grow into a very big tree. Then Barbie tells the children about Thumbelina.
Thumbelina is one of the Twillerbees. Twillerbees have the ability to make plants grow faster (and as revealed later on, they can grow plants out of nowhere as well). Thumbelina is excited when there will be Twillerbabies. She creates fake wings for herself and for her two friends, Janessa and Chrysella. They will use the wings to see the Twillerbuds bloom to be Twillerbabies. When they try the wings, suddenly many tractors come to their field. Hiding in the flowers, the trio are trapped. They are brought into an apartment they never knew before.
The apartment belongs to the parents of a spoiled, wealthy girl, named Makena. The flower bed is placed in Makena's bedroom. As Thumbelina, Chrysella, and Janessa search for a way to go back to their field, Makena's dog Poofles run after them. Makena comes into the bedroom while the trio hides. Makena talks to her friend Violet from a cellular phone about her parents who will build a factory on the Twillerbees field.
An upset Thumbelina scolds Makena, who is surprised, yet happy to find an interesting thing to be demonstrated to Violet. She always competes against Violet. The three Twillerbees try to escape from Makena and Poofles.
Finally, Thumbelina sends Chrysella and Janessa home. They will disturb the work in the field while Thumbelina will talk to Makena. Thumbelina makes Makena promise not to tell anyone about her and Makena must persuade her parents to stop building the factory. Thumbelina will make special things for Makena in return.
At first, Makena does not talk seriously to her parents about it. She even wants to break her promise to Thumbelina when she invites Violet and Ashlynn. She wants them to see the thing everyone in the universe cannot have which is Thumbelina. Thumbelina becomes angry at Makena and leaves the apartment, just before Makena realizes that Violet and Ashlyn are not her true friends, Thumbelina is her true friend.
Makena goes to the field and asks for Thumbelina's forgiveness. She also wants to save the field desperately and earnestly. Thumbelina, forgiving her, shows Makena the other Twillerbees and the Twillerbuds.
That night, Makena, Thumbelina, Janessa, Chrysella, Poofles, and Lola the bird works hard in the green house to grow the plants. The next day, Makena asks her parents to stop the building, and Thumbelina shows herself. Thumbelina explains to them about the Twillerbuds that will bloom soon. Evan and Vanessa, Makena's parents, are convinced and try to stop Myron, the contractor, from destroying the field.
With the help of birds and other Twillerbees, Myron's workers run away, thinking that the field is haunted, But Myron is angry and determined to finish his work as he hates flowers. Ultimately, Makena and Thumbelina arrive and they stop Myron. Immediately, Evan and Vanessa arrive at the field to have the factory project shut down. A team of birds chase Myron away, and Makena and her family see the Twillerbuds bloom.
To prevent others from building factories in the field, they turn the field into a Reserved Park.
In the end of the story, it shows that Barbie and the children are in Makena's Reserved Park. Barbie says that even the smallest person can make a big difference. Makena is small, compared to the adults. And so are the children.
The strange thing in the story is that Thumbelina, Janessa, and Chrysella who are in the story, suddenly appear, sitting in the tree. Barbie waves her hand at them. The trio then use their Twillerbee magic to make Emma's tree grow, meaning the story was true after all.
Characters.
The other cast of characters also had speaking roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19552132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552132" title="Anton Theodor Harris">
Anton Theodor Harris

Anton Theodor Harris (1804–1866) was a Norwegian politician.
He was appointed County Governor of "Finmarkens Amt" (today's Troms and Finnmark) in 1844. In 1838 he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1848, representing the city Tromsø, where the County Governor was seated. He was re-elected in 1851. He later left Finmarkens Amt to become County Governor of "Rogalands Amt" from 1853 to 1863.
He married a Petronelle Kornelia Rye.

</doc>
<doc id="19552192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552192" title="Witchcliffe, Western Australia">
Witchcliffe, Western Australia

Witchcliffe is a small town in the South West region of Western Australia, located a few kilometres south of Margaret River on the Bussell Highway.
The name originates from a cave in the area, Witchcliffe cave, that was recorded by a surveyor in 1900. It is believed the name was given by the Bussell family whose property, Wallcliffe, was established in the area in the 1850s.
In 1924 the government extended the Flinders Bay Branch Railway to Witchcliffe. The siding was to be named Narawary but a post office already existed at the site with the name Witchcliffe, having opened in 1923, so the siding was named Witchcliffe in 1925. Lots were surveyed and sold along the siding in 1924 and the townsite was gazetted in 1926.
The town was built around the timber industry, with the Witchcliffe sawmill being built in 1922 just east of town for the W.A. Jarrah Forests Ltd, which was taken over by the Adelaide Timber company in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="19552196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552196" title="Japan Tourism Agency">
Japan Tourism Agency

The , abbreviated JTA, is an organization which was set up on October 1, 2008 as an extra-ministerial bureau of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.
Background of establishment.
Japan Tourism Agency seated itself with intentions to stimulate local economies and to further international mutual understanding, following legislation of Basic Act on Promotion of Tourism Nation (in December 2006, to wholly revise Tourism Basic Act), committee resolutions in both Houses of the Diet in the legislation process, and decision at a Cabinet meeting of Basic Plan (in June 2007) which was drawn as provided by the Basic Act. One legal basis of the Agency is Act for Establishment of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism. 
The two committee resolutions (of almost the same contents) are made by the Committee on Land and Transport of each House of the Diet, to point out eight issues on which the government should take appropriate measures when it enforces the Basic Act. In the issue No. 8 it was stated that the government should make efforts to set up tourism agency or so. 
In the Basic Plan, five fundamental targets are set, whose substances are, respectively, to increase the number of
All the five targets each have numerical value. Many among the total of 25 various targets each have some numerical value.

</doc>
<doc id="19552219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552219" title="Carl Frederik Motzfeldt">
Carl Frederik Motzfeldt

Carl Frederik Motzfeldt (3 April 1808 - 24 June 1902) was a Norwegian politician.
The son of General Major Carl M. Motzfeldt, he enrolled as a student in 1827 and graduated as cand.jur. in 1838. He was editor-in-chief of "Den Constitutionelle" from 1841 to 1842. He mostly worked in the Ministry of Auditing until 1854, when he was appointed County Governor of "Finmarkens Amt" (today's Troms and Finnmark).
In 1857 he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1848, representing the urban constituency of "Tromsø, Hammerfest og Vadsø", as the County Governor was seated in Tromsø. However, he left Northern Norway the same year to become County Governor of "Søndre Trondhjems Amt". Seated in Trondhjem, he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from the constituency of "Trondhjem og Levanger" in 1868, 1871 and 1874.
He was issued the Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav. He retired in 1894, and died in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="19552237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552237" title="Philippine dance">
Philippine dance

As varied are the people of the Philippines, so too are the dances. There are many dances performed in the Philippine Islands such as the popular "Tinikling", to the exoticized "Pangalay", to the skill-based interpretation of the "Banga" and Spanish-tinged "Jota". Dance categorizations range from geographic localization, to societal functions, to dance influences, and to time periods.
Geographic localization.
Presentation of Dances in the Philippines are often categorized in ethnic or geographic localization. These localization are often presented in the following:
Societal function.
Other less common presentations of Philippine dances have been categorized by societal functions. Philippine dances not only convey the artistry of movement but, are often associated with a life-function such as a wedding, the mimicry of birds, or even the warding of evil spirits. This outlook on dance can be looked at in the following categories.
Dance influences.
Another presentation of dances is through contrasting the influences of Southeast and mainland Asia with the influences of the Spanish and Americans.
Time periods.
Dances of the Philippine needs to be looked at the Time-period in which they are taken. As culture is constantly evolving, dances often change along with the times. Philippine dance can be categorized is these time periods:
Contemporary outlook.
As the popularity of the Pilipino Cultural Nights and the Folk Arts groups gain their ascendency, so too, does the need to create and recreate Philippine dance forms. Among these contemporary issues are the ideas of bringing the village dance into the stage, the connections among the various Philippine dance, the ownership of world-influence and the dances of Filipinos from the diaspora.

</doc>
<doc id="19552284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552284" title="Immunization Alliance">
Immunization Alliance

The Immunization Alliance is an American vaccine advocacy consortium, assembled under auspices of the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) in May 2008. The Immunization Alliance has called for a governmental information campaign, ongoing research into vaccine safety and efficacy, balanced media coverage, and restoration of confidence among parents due to the vaccine controversy and the related controversies in autism.
Emergence.
Citing the largest measles outbreak in the US since 1966 (130 cases in fifteen states), Paul Offit, a member of the Alliance, asserted that this re-emergence of a common childhood disease was a warning about the dangers of "what can happen when parents are misinformed about vaccine safety. "We do not want to become a nation of people who are vulnerable to diseases that are deadly or that can have serious complications, especially if those diseases can be prevented," said Renee Jenkins, president of the AAP.
The Immunization Alliance was described in the July, 2008, issue of "Pediatrics" (published by the AAP), announcing the organization's debut and detailing its plans for improving vaccine schedule adherence and combating declining immunization rates.
Member organizations.
Over twenty organizations, representing a broad swath of the American medical community, have banded together with the AAP to form the Immunization Alliance, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19552318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552318" title="Nazim Shirazi">
Nazim Shirazi

Nazim Shirazi was a Bangladeshi cricketer. An elegant opening batsman, he was considered the best cricketing talent of the country in the early 1980s and was regarded as one of the most brilliant fielders Bangladesh ever had at any position. A combination of excellent eyesight and reflexes made him an attractive stroke player.
A memorable innings.
Barely out of his teens, Nazim was selected in Jan 1982, to play for the Central Zone side against the touring Hyderabad Blues side consisting of Indian test players including B. S. Chandrasekhar, Chetan Chauhan, Anshuman Gaekwad, Roger Binny, Rakesh Shukla and other test players. Opening the innings, he top scored for the side with 32. But even greater effort came in the three day match at Dhaka. After the Bangladesh top order collapsed against the spin of Indian test bowler Rakesh Shukla, Nazim, along with his cousin Jahangir Shah Badshah repaired the damage. Nazim scored 56, and Badshah made 40, out of a team total of 182.
In ICC Trophy.
He was an automatic selection for the ICC Trophy in England during the summer of 1982. There, he played 5 matches and scored 107 runs. His highest, 52, came in the 3rd-place play-off against PNG. He shared a 170-run 1st wicket partnership with Yousuf Babu (115).
The final season.
During March, 1983, he played against the touring West Bengal side, led by Indian test player Dilip Doshi. It was a miserable experience for the local side as the magic of Doshi's spin was too much for them. The West Bengal team won the match by an innings and 42 runs with Doshi taking 12 wickets. Nazim was one of the few Bangladeshi players who could handle Doshi properly. His 29 in the 2nd innings was the highest individual score for the local side.
Sadly, this was his last season in international cricket, as very soon, he along with his family moved to Los Angeles, USA.
Cricket in California.
Cricket isn't very popular in USA. Cricket is mostly played by the immigrants from the Indian Sub-continent & the caribbeans. Thanks mainly to Shirazi, his local side dominated the cricketing scenario of Los Angeles for more than decade.
Family connection.
He came from a big cricketing background. Nazim's older brothers Talib Shirazi and Kazem Shirazi also played at the top level in Bangladesh. His cousin Jahangir Shah Badshah was a regular for national side from 1978–1990. Badshah's brothers, Azim Shah, Munna Shah and Nadir Shah were highly successful in domestic cricket. Munna Shah and Nadir Shah also enjoyed brief stints with the national side. Nadir Shah is now an internationally respected cricket umpire. 
Children.
Nazim has two children, a daughter and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="19552370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552370" title="Reuben Noble-Lazarus">
Reuben Noble-Lazarus

Reuben Courtney Noble-Lazarus (born 16 August 1993) is an English footballer who currently plays for Barnsley as a striker or winger.
Career.
At 15 years and 45 days old, he became the youngest player ever to feature in a Football League match when he came on as a substitute during Barnsley's 3–0 Championship defeat by Ipswich Town on 30 September 2008.
The previous weekend, Noble-Lazarus had scored a hat-trick for the Barnsley under-18 team, for whom he had played since he was 12 years old, and was selected as a substitute for the senior team's visit to Portman Road. Coming on in the 84th minute of the match to replace Martin Devaney, Noble-Lazarus surpassed the record set by Bradford Park Avenue's Albert Geldard in September 1929, and equalled by Welshman Ken Roberts for Wrexham F.C. in 1951, by 113 days. He was too young to be paid for his appearance – Barnsley manager Simon Davey joked he would be given pizza and a ham sandwich for his efforts – and was due to return to Newsome High School in Huddersfield the following day.
Davey had wanted to play Noble-Lazarus in the League Cup earlier in the season but was prevented from doing so by the competition's rules, which prohibit the selection of players under the age of 15. The club has made an agreement with Noble-Lazarus' school to allow him to train with the club for two days each week. Davey has said that the club will "nurture" Noble-Lazarus by ensuring that he is "...dipped in and dipped back out..." of the team. Noble-Lazarus was included in Barnsley's squad to face Doncaster Rovers the weekend after his debut, making another substitute appearance when he came on for Iain Hume in the 87th minute.
Under new boss Mark Robins, Noble-Lazarus was used twice as a substitute towards the end of the 2009/10 season. He made his first senior start against Doncaster in a 2–2 draw on 25 April 2011, and scored his first senior goal as a substitute against Millwall on the last day of the 2010/11 season.
On 12 November 2013, Reuben signed on loan at League Two side Scunthorpe United until 1 January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19552380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552380" title="1989 World Club Challenge">
1989 World Club Challenge

The 1989 World Club Challenge (also known as the Foster's World Club Challenge due to sponsorship by brewers, Foster's) was the third ever and first official World Club Challenge match. 1989's NSWRL season premiers, the Canberra Raiders traveled to England to play against 1988–89 RFL champions, Widnes. 
__TOC__ 
Details.
The match was played on Wednesday, 4 October at Old Trafford, Manchester. A crowd of 30,786 saw the Raiders go down 18 - 30 after a spirited comeback from Widnes after a 12-0 deficit only eleven minutes into the match. David Hulme was named man-of-the-match.

</doc>
<doc id="19552409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552409" title="Jan Hoogstad">
Jan Hoogstad

Jan Hoogstad (born 29 June 1930) is a Dutch architect. His best-known building is the VROM Building (Ministry of Housing) in The Hague.
Biography.
Other projects include the TNO-NiTG Building at the Utrecht Uithof complex and the Enschede Muziekkwartier. In addition to his architectural work, Jan Hoogstad gives frequent (guest) lectures at various national and international organizations. Jan Hoogstad ranks among the International Academy of Architecture's Academicians and is President of the International Centre in Rotterdam. He is also a founder and board member of the Megacities Foundation.
Hoogstad was born in Rotterdam. He has been awarded the Dutch Royal knight order "Officer in the order of Orange Nassau" and received the "Laurenspenning" of the city of Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="19552420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552420" title="Jama Masjid, Agra">
Jama Masjid, Agra

Jama Masjid in Agra is opposite the Agra fort and overlooking the Agra Fort Railway Station. The Jama Masjid is also popularly known as the Jami Masjid or "Friday Mosque". It is one of the larger mosques in India.
History.
The Mosque was built by Shah Jahan in 1648 and dedicated to his favourite daughter, Jahanara Begum. There was a spacious, octagonal Tripolia Chowk which existed between the Jama Masjid and the Delhi gate of the Agra Fort. This Tropolia was destroyed in order to create the Agra Fort Railway Station. The cloisters have engrailed arches supported on pillars. The main entrance is through the eastern side. The prayer chamber has a façade with a broad arched iwan in its centre and is adorned with slender turrets alternated with kiosks. Its dome is the largest and highest of the three domes crowning the sanctuary.
All the bulbous domes have inverted lotus and kalash finials on the top and have narrow zigzag courses of white marble alternated by broad bands of red stone. There is a fountain with four kiosks in its corners in the centre of the courtyard. The interiors of the western wall have a beautiful mihrab and pulpit in white marble. The Persian inscription in white marble inlaid with black stone on the archway of the central portal is in praise of Jahanara and Shah Jehan. The pristine beauty of the mosque must have been awesome as indicated by its comparison with Baitul-Mamur, the fabulous mosque of rubies and pearls situated in the fourth sky. It is said that once surrounded by a market place called Tripolia set in an octagonal (Muthamman) Chowk that was built between the Delhi Gate and the Jami Masjid. But, it was later destroyed in 1871-73 to acquire space for laying down the railway tracks for the city.
It required six years and 5,000 workers to finish. It was made by using red sandstone and marble.
Structure.
Jama Masjid of Agra has Imam of Ahle Sunnat Wala Jamaat or Barelwi. Jami Masjid Mosque is a very simple mosque of red sandstone with little white marble decoration and blue colour paint wall and ceilings. It’s a huge mosque in the center of Agra surrounded by a great bazaar. The mosque was completely empty of any tourist, only one man praying and the little children at the Madrasa (Koran school).
The Mosque Stands on a high plinth approached by stairs, and with five arched entrances to the courtyard, the mosque is crowned by three large sandstone domes distinguished by their zigzag bands of marble.
It has well-balanced proportions and a courtyard surrounded by cloisters on three of its sides and the prayer chamber on its western side. The cloisters have engrailed arches supported on pillars. All the bulbous domes have inverted lotus and kalash finials on the top and have narrow zigzag courses of white marble alternated by broad bands of red stone. There is a fountain with four kiosks in its corners in the centre of the courtyard. 
Along the wings of the main prayer wall, panels of beautifully inlaid sandstone similar to those decorating the main gateway of the Taj Mahal, add an appropriately feminine touch. Still in use today, the mosque is one of the city's main landmarks, and serves as a useful reference point when exploring the crowded bazaars that sprawl from its base. These are laid out in a street plan that's barely altered since Mughal days.
Jami Masjid is beautifully decorated with paintings, inlaid stones, carvings and glazed tiles. The building comprises pillared Dalan, a beautiful 'Chhajja' and the 'Chhatri' on the roof. The main Iwan of the building is rather simple and contains a central arch with geometrical designs.

</doc>
<doc id="19552471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552471" title="The Riverina Anglican College">
The Riverina Anglican College

The Riverina Anglican College is an Anglican Coeducational Secondary College in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia. Established in 1999, The College is located on the Farrer Road in Boorooma adjacent to Charles Sturt University.

</doc>
<doc id="19552483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552483" title="SM U-12 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-12 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-12 or U-XII" was a "U-5"-class submarine or U-boat built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () before and during the First World War. 
Introduction.
Built on speculation by Whitehead & Co. of Fiume, the submarine was launched as SS-3 and featured improvements in the electrical and mechanical systems from the design by the American John Philip Holland, to which her older sister boats, and , had been built.
"SS-3" was laid down in 1909 and launched in March 1911. The double-hulled submarine was just over long and displaced between , depending on whether surfaced or submerged. Whitehead's tried selling "SS-3" to several different navies, but she was finally bought by the Austro-Hungarian Navy after the outbreak of World War I, despite having been rejected by them twice before. She was commissioned as "U-12" in August 1914.
The submarine sank only one ship, a Greek cargo ship in May 1915, but she had earlier captured six Montenegrin sailing vessels as prizes in March. "U-12" also damaged, but did not sink, the French battleship "Jean Bart" in December 1914. While searching for targets in the vicinity of Venice in August 1915, "U-12" struck a mine that blew her stern off, and sank with all hands, becoming the first Austro-Hungarian submarine sunk in the war. Her wreck was salvaged the next year by the Italians, who interred "U-12"s crewmen in a Venetian cemetery.
Design and construction.
"SS-3" was built on speculation by Whitehead & Co. of Fiume. Her design was based on the John Philip Holland design licensed by Whitehead for and , two submarines ordered by the Austro-Hungarian Navy and built 1907–1910, and featured improvements in the mechanical and electrical systems. "SS-3" was laid down in 1909 and launched at Fiume on 14 March 1911.
"SS-3"s featured a single-hull with a tear-drop shaped body that bore a strong resemblance to modern nuclear submarines. She was long by abeam and had a draft of . She displaced surfaced, and submerged. Her two bow torpedo tubes featured unique, cloverleaf-shaped design hatches that rotated on a central axis, and the boat was designed to carry up to four torpedoes.
According to one source, "SS-3" was initially propelled by a pair of electric motors for surface running, but had them replaced with twin 6-cylinder gasoline engines of each when they proved disappointing during trials. It is not specifically reported for "U-12", but the other "U-5"-class boats both suffered from inadequate ventilation, which resulted in frequent intoxication of the crew from the engine exhaust. "SS-3"s underwater propulsion was by two electric motors that totaled .
Career.
After "SS-3"s March 1911 launch, Whitehead's tried to sell "SS-3" to the Austro-Hungarian Navy, but because the evaluation of the first two "U-5"-class boats was still underway, they declined to purchase. Over the next three years Whitehead's attempted to sell the boat to the navies of Peru, Portugal, the Netherlands, Brazil, and Bulgaria, before the Austro-Hungarian Navy rejected an offer for the second time. With the outbreak of war, however, the Austro-Hungarian Navy purchased the unsold submarine to quickly bolster its fleet.
Although provisionally assigned the designation "U-7", the submarine was commissioned as SM "U-12" on 21 August 1914, with "Linienschiffsleutnant" Egon Lerch in command. "U-12"s activities over the early part of the war are not reported, but the boat's armament was augmented by a 3.7 cm/23 (1.5 in) quick-firing (QF) deck gun in November 1914. Sister boat "U-5" had her first radio receiver installed at the same time her deck gun was added, but it is not reported whether "U-12" did as well.
On 21 December 1914, Lerch and "U-12" chanced upon the French dreadnought "Jean Bart" in the Straits of Otranto steaming at a leisurely and unprotected by escort ships. "U-12" hit French Admiral Lapeyrère's flagship with a single torpedo in the bow, destroying the battleship's wine storeroom but sparing her forward magazine. "Jean Bart"s watertight compartments saved the ship, which made her way to Malta to undergo repairs at the British dockyards there.
"U-12" survived an attack from an unknown French on 27 February 1915. "U-12"s next success was the capture of two Montenegrin schooners on 22 March 1916, "Fiore Di Dulcigno" and "Hilussie". Nine days later the U-boat captured another four Montenegrin boats, "Buona Forte", "Fiore I", "Hailie", and "Indaverdi". On 29 May, she sank the Greek steamer "Virginia", which was the only ship reported sunk by "U-12". In June, "U-12" underwent a refit that added an additional two torpedo tubes on her forward casing.
In early August, Lerch and "U-12" set out from Pola for Venice to look for enemy ships to sink. On 6 August, the Italian destroyer "Rosolino Pilo" rammed "U-12", probably by chance, at about 05:00 in the Lido inlet of the Venetian Lagoon. Two days later, when Italian workers were dredging to try to determine the object "Rosolino Pilo" had hit, they heard a heavy explosion. When divers went down in the area, they discovered the wreck of "U-12" with her stern blown off. "U-12"s entire complement of 17 men was lost when she went down. "U-12" was the first Austro-Hungarian submarine sunk during the war.
In late 1916, the Italians salvaged the hulk of "U-12" and transported it to Venice. The bodies of "U-12"s crew were interred at the San Michele cemetery in Venice, and "U-12"s hulk, of no salvage value, was scrapped at the Venice naval arsenal. In her military service, "U-12" sank one ship of , damaged one warship (), and captured six ships as prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="19552493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552493" title="DJ Khalil production discography">
DJ Khalil production discography

The following is a list of productions by American hip hop and soul producer, DJ Khalil.

</doc>
<doc id="19552516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552516" title="Frederich Christopher Trampe, Count of Trampe">
Frederich Christopher Trampe, Count of Trampe

Frederich Christopher, Count of Trampe (19 June 1779 – 18 July 1832) was a Dano-Norwegian count and politician.
Family.
His parents were Adam Frederich, Count of Trampe, and Gertrud (née Hoffmand de Poulson). Frederich's father belonged to an originally Pomeranian noble family, whose noble status had been naturalised in Denmark and Norway. Frederich was married three times, and had several children, including Adam Frederich Johan Poulson, Count of Trampe, one of the last Norwegian Counts.
Education and occupation.
He was born in 1779, enrolled as a student in 1794, and graduated as a cand.jur. in 1798. He became deputy judge in 1800, before making a brief military career in the Danish Army. He served as governor of the then-Danish province Iceland. In 1810 he came to Norway, as the first member of his family, as County Governor of "Søndre Trondhjems amt" (today named Sør-Trøndelag). He held this position until his death in 1832.
In Trondhjem he was a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters, serving as praeses in 1832 right before his death. He was a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1811, Knight of the Order of the Polar Star in 1818, and Commander of the Order of the Polar Star in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="19552546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552546" title="Carrera (slot car brand)">
Carrera (slot car brand)

Carrera is a slot car brand introduced in the early 1960s by Josef Neuhierl GmbH & Co. KG based in the Franconian town of Fürth, Germany. The name Carrera was inspired by the Porsche Carrera models which took their name from the Carrera Panamericana road race.
Carrera dominated the German markets in the 1960s and 1970s, due to using an additional third wire, and effective marketing, also at the nearby Nuremberg International Toy Fair.
In the 1970, Carrera offered 1:24, 1:32 and 1:60 scales for slot cars, and the slot-free "Servo" systems which allowed cars to switch lanes, guided by the guard rails on the outside. Due to the many systems offered, and fewer customers (Generation X), Neuhierl had to sell his company in 1985, and took his own life. The new owners sold rather cheap products.
In 1999, the Stadlbauer Group from Salzburg, Austria took over. Following the restructuring of Carrera, Stadlbauer company relaunched “Carrera 124” line as a premium product range Carrera Exclusiv. In 2001 “Carrera Go!!! was developed as an action track developed for beginners and the young was released to the market. Carrera is all about innovation and quality which marked the creation of a bigger scale 1:43 and the traditional 1:32 scale, Carrera Evolution, was integrated with new Digital 132 technology. The function of Digital 132 technology is to allow a maximum of six vehicles to overtake each other at high speeds on both analogue and digital racetracks.
For over 40 years in the business, the company works closely with the State Trade Agency in Nürnberg as a standard check if Carrera’s lines of products meet the required safety standards. The modern Carrera sports a whole host of authentic top license deals. These include Ferrari, Porsche, Audi, BMW, Bentley, Nintendo and NASCAR. On January 1, 2005, the company opened its own subsidiary in the United States, “Carrera of America Inc”, in addition to its subsidiary companies in France since 2006 and in Poland and Hungary.
In the year 2006, Carrera organized its very first Carrera World Championship and another championship in 2007 until the spring of 2008. September 2007 set the start of the Carrera World Championship at the International Motor Show in Frankfurt.
Today, Carrera is available in more than forty countries around the globe.

</doc>
<doc id="19552594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552594" title="Andreas Grimelund">
Andreas Grimelund

Andreas Grimelund (26 January 1812 – 3 January 1896) was a Norwegian bishop.
The son of a farmer in Aker, he graduated as cand.theol. in 1835. He became residing chaplain in Nannestad in 1844 and Ullensaker in 1847. He was a teacher at the theological seminary in Christiania starting in 1851, and was appointed vicar in Gerpen in 1856. He was appointed Bishop of the Diocese of Throndhjem (Nidaros) in 1860, and assumed that office on 19 July 1861. He retired in 1883, and died in 1896 in Kristiania.
He also served as praeses of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters from 1865 to 1870 and 1872 to 1874. The road "Biskop Grimelunds vei" in Vinderen has been named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19552595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552595" title="Second Brotherhood">
Second Brotherhood

The Second Brotherhood () was an uprising in the central regions of the Kingdom of Valencia of Habsburg Spain in 1693. The protesters named themselves "agermanats" after the "germanies" ("brotherhoods") or guilds of Valencia who had revolted in 1519 in the Revolt of the Brotherhoods, but the two revolts are quite different in their supporters and the social context in which they occurred. Rather than a revolt by middle-class guildsmen, the Second Brotherhood was a peasant revolt against high rents on farmland and crops. Additionally, the Second Brotherhood was resolved far faster and far more peaceably than the violence of the 1519 revolt in both the rebels' actions and the government's subsequent repression.
Background.
One of the major causes behind the first revolt was public distrust and hatred of the Moriscos. However, at the beginning of the 17th century King Phillip III expelled them all. This removed the original motive for a revolt, but wrecked the economy of Valencia for two generations. Only by late 17th century was the area beginning to recover economically. Still, this return to prosperity brought several revolts by peasants concerned with their lack of benefit from the growing wealth of their lords. These included revolts in Horta (Huerta) in 1663, Valldigna in 1672, and Camp de Morvedre in 1689.
Rent protests and peasant discontent.
At the beginning of 1693 the duke of Gandia and other noblemen went to Madrid complain of the reluctance of its vassals to pay Sunday rents. They also complained of Fèlix Vilanova, who had already participated as an instigator of the revolt at Camp de Morvedre in 1689. Felix seemed to be provoking the peasants of the Marina Comarque by telling its noblemen that there were some documents and ancient privileges which exempted the peasants from paying them rents.
After a violent clash between protesters and the police in Pedreguer, the viceroy proposed to create a board of lawyers in Valencia where the legal arguments could be set forth. In this board the protesters alleged certain rights granted by James I and his successors, but they were not accepted for lack of documentary evidence. The protesters then asked directly for a complete cessation of the rents. The demand was made by Francesc Garcia, a well-to-do farmer and one of the main leaders of the protest movement, together with Feliu Rubio i Bartomeu Pelegrí.
As May arrived, the peasants refused to pay the rents due. In Carlet, the vassals of the Earl of Carlet refused to pay. For the second time, the troops of the viceroy had to intervene to bring the protesters to heel. Discontent spread.
March of the protesters, and battle.
In Vilallonga, in the Duchy of Gandia, four farmers who refused to split their crop with their lord were detained. This was the last provocation and the uprising began. The day after, three thousand men marched on the city of Gandia and the four persons under arrest were freed without any violence. This liberation, probably unexpected, encouraged to the rebels to continue their march and travel towards Valencia, where they would ask for justice to the viceroy. For effect, they improvised an army and formed battalions, organized by the well-to-do farmer of Muro d'Alcoi, Josep Navarro.
The viceroy, however, had been warned. He ordered the Governor of Xàtiva (Játiva) to join him in Gandia with an army of four hundred men on horseback, four hundred more on foot, and two pieces of artillery. They met him at Albaida, where they sought to join battle with the rebels whose force comprised the militias of Xàtiva, Algemesí, and Carcaixent.
The combat between both forces (1,397 armed men with artillery, against 1,500 practically unarmed peasants) took place on July 15 in Setla de Nunyes, near Muro d'Alcoi. The battle lasted two hours, and no more than fifteen people died - all of them agermanat rebels.
Aftermath and repression.
In the following weeks to the battle, cavalry squadrons restored order. Josep Navarro was executed as the leader of the army on February 29, 1694, and another twenty-five participants were condemned to galleys. Francesc Garcia, the most important leader of the rebels, was not captured. The most important leaders of the revolution were well-to-do peasants, while the enraged mass of people who followed were of the poorer social classes.
The Second Brotherhood reinforced the power of the state, and reinforced the centralization of government that had slowly happened over time. The noblemen saw again that they needed the help and protection of the royal forces, and that standing up for local rights would be unwise. The same disputes over rent amounts would continue to be argued, though generally in the judiciary. The Kingdom of Valencia would only last less than twenty years as an officially independent entity, as all Spain was formally unified after the War of the Spanish Succession in which Valencia and Aragon chose the losing side.

</doc>
<doc id="19552618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552618" title="SM U-3 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-3 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-3 or U-III" was the lead boat of the "U-3" class of submarines or U-boats built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () before and during the First World War. The submarine was built as part of a plan to evaluate foreign submarine designs, and was built by Germaniawerft of Kiel, Germany.
"U-3" was authorized in 1906, begun in March 1907, launched in August 1908, and towed from Kiel to Pola in January 1909. The double-hulled submarine was just under long and displaced between , depending on whether surfaced or submerged. The design of the submarine had poor diving qualities and several modifications to "U-3"s diving planes and fins occurred in her first years in the Austro-Hungarian Navy. Her armament, as built, consisted of two bow torpedo tubes with a supply of three torpedoes, but was supplemented with a deck gun in 1915.
The boat was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy in September 1909, and served as a training boat—sometimes making as many as ten cruises a month—through the beginning of the First World War in 1914. At the start of that conflict, she was one of only four operational submarines in the Austro-Hungarian Navy U-boat fleet. Over the first year of the war, "U-3" conducted reconnaissance cruises out of Cattaro. On 12 August 1915, "U-3" was damaged after an unsuccessful torpedo attack on an Italian armed merchant cruiser and, after she surfaced the next day, was sunk by a French destroyer. "U-3"s commanding officer and 6 men died in the attack; the 14 survivors were captured.
Design and construction.
"U-3" was built as part of a plan by the Austro-Hungarian Navy to competitively evaluate foreign submarine designs from Simon Lake, Germaniawerft, and John Philip Holland. The Austro-Hungarian Navy authorized the construction of "U-3" (and sister ship, "U-4") in 1906 by Germaniawerft of Kiel, Germany. "U-3" was laid down on 12 March 1907 and launched on 20 August 1908. After completion, she was towed via Gibraltar to Pola, where she arrived on 24 January 1909.
"U-3"s design was an improved version of Germaniawerft's design for the Imperial German Navy's first U-boat, , and featured a double hull with internal saddle tanks. The Germaniawerft engineers refined the design's hull shape through extensive model trials.
"U-3" was long by abeam and had a draft of . She displaced surfaced and submerged. She was armed with two bow torpedo tubes, and was designed to carry up to three torpedoes.
Service career.
After "U-3"s arrival at Pola in January 1909, she was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 12 September 1909 as SM "U-3". During the evaluation of the "U-3" class conducted by the Navy, the class' poor diving and handling characteristics were noted. To alleviate the diving problems, "U-3"s fins were changed in size and shape several times, and eventually, the front diving planes were removed and a stationary stern flap was affixed to the hull. "U-3" served as a training boat between 1910 and 1914 and made as many as ten cruises per month in that capacity.
At the beginning of World War I, she was one of only four operational submarines in the Austro-Hungarian Navy. On 22 August 1914, "U-3" began operating reconnaissance cruises out of the naval base at Brioni, but moved a month later to Cattaro. In April 1915, a quick firing (QF) deck gun was added.
On 10 August, "U-3" departed from Cattaro for what would be her final time for a patrol north of Brindisi. Two days later, while returning to Cattaro from the Straits of Otranto, "U-3" launched a torpedo attack on the Italian armed merchant cruiser . The torpedoes missed their mark and, in the ensuing action, "U-3" was rammed by "Citta di Catania", which destroyed the U-boat's periscope. When she attempted to surface, she was shelled by the escorting destroyers. She submerged to escape the artillery but was further damaged by a depth charge attack from the French destroyer "Bisson" while resting on the seabed. When "U-3" surfaced the following day, she was shelled and sunk by "Bisson". Fourteen of her crew were saved and captured, but seven died in the attack, including her commander, "Linienschiffsleutnant" Karl Strnad. "U-3" had no successes during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19552642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552642" title="Scaevola aemula">
Scaevola aemula

Scaevola aemula (Fairy Fan-flower or Common Fan-flower) is a small shrub in the family Goodeniaceae, native to southern Australia. It grows to 50 cm in height and produces white or blue flowers in spikes up to 24 cm long from August to March in its native range. These are followed by rounded, wrinkled berries to 4.5 mm in length.
The species occurs in Western Australia, South Australia, Victoria and New South Wales.
The species is thought to be the most commonly cultivated of the genus "Scaevola", and a large number of cultivars have been developed. 
Most of these are mat-forming to a height of 12 cm and spreading up to 1 metre in width. It prefers a sunny or partially shaded, well-drained position and tolerates salt spray and periods of drought. Pruning and pinching of tip growth may be carried out to shape the plant. Propagation is from cuttings or by layering.

</doc>
<doc id="19552649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552649" title="Rok Stipčević">
Rok Stipčević

Rok Stipčević (born May 20, 1986 in Maribor, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian professional basketball player for Tofaş in Turkish Basketball League. His height is 1.84 m (6 ft 0 ½ in) and he plays as a point guard. 
Stipčević grew up in Zadar, Croatia, where he started to play basketball for KK Zadar, joining the senior team in 2003. In season 2005/06 he was loaned to KK Borik Puntamika. He played for Pallacanestro Varese in 2010-11 season.
On July 11, 2012, he signed one season with an option for a second one with Emporio Armani Milano. He left them in January 2013, and signed with Scavolini Pesaro till the end of the season. In September 2013, he signed a one-year deal with Tofaş S.K.. 
He was a member of the Croatian Junior National Teams U16, U18, U20, and is a current member of the senior's National Team of Croatia. With them, he participated in the 2010 World Championship and the 2011 European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19552661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552661" title="GDCM">
GDCM

Grassroots DICOM or GDCM (originally called GNU DiCoM; the name was changed at a request for integration in ITK, followed by a change in license), is a cross-platform library written in C++ for DICOM medical files. It is automatically wrapped to Python/C#/Java & PHP (using SWIG). It supports RAW, JPEG (lossy/lossless), J2K, JPEG-LS, RLE and deflated. It also comes with DICOM Part 3,6 & 7 of the standard as XML files. It can be used to build a JPIP or WADO server.
Since release 2.2.0 the toolkit comes with an SCU implementation for:

</doc>
<doc id="19552663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552663" title="Rune Johansson">
Rune Johansson

Rune Arnold Georg Johansson (August 23, 1920 – December 30, 1998) was a Swedish sportsperson who played bandy, football, handball, ice hockey, and competed in track and field. He was considered to be one of the most talented athletes in Gothenburg during his active career in multiple sports. He played 103 international matches in hockey as back and participated in world championships from 1947 to 1953, and the Olympic Games in 1948 and 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="19552680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552680" title="Hans Jørgen Darre">
Hans Jørgen Darre

Hans Jørgen Darre (27 September 1803 – 11 March 1874) was a Norwegian bishop.
The son of the vicar in Klæbo and constitutional founding father, Jacob Hersleb Darre, he graduated as cand.theol. in 1827 and succeeded his father as vicar in Klæbu in 1833. He was the dean in Dalerne from 1843 to 1848, and in March 1849 he took over as Bishop of the Diocese of Throndhjem (Nidaros). He retired in 1860 with a 1000 speciedaler pension. In 1872 he moved to a town near the Spanish-Portuguese border, where his daughter's husband worked in a mine. Hans Jørgen Darre died there in 1874, his body brought back to Norway in December 1883.
In Throndhjem, he was a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters. He served as praeses of the society from 1851 to 1855 and 1870 to 1872. He was a Knight of the Order of St. Olav.
One of his daughters, Jørgine Wilhelmine, married Lauritz Jenssen, a descendant of Matz Jenssen and Lauritz Dorenfeldt Jenssen. Through her, Hans Jørgen Darre was the grandfather of politicians Hans Jørgen Darre-Jenssen and Worm Hirsch Darre-Jenssen.

</doc>
<doc id="19552727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552727" title="Monk's Dream (Steve Lacy album)">
Monk's Dream (Steve Lacy album)

"Monk's Dream" is an album by Steve Lacy and Roswell Rudd released on the Verve label in 2000. It features performances by Lacy, Rudd, Jean-Jacques Avenel, John Betsch and Irene Aebi's vocals on two tracks.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by William Ruhlmann awarded the album 4 stars stating "Monk's Dream is a warm reunion of old friends, but those friends could have tried a little harder to come up with something fresh.".

</doc>
<doc id="19552729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552729" title="List of University of Idaho people">
List of University of Idaho people

A list of notable alumni of the University of Idaho and a list of its presidents.
Presidents of the University of Idaho.
The following individuals have held the office of<br>President of the University of Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="19552782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552782" title="Rob Guest">
Rob Guest

Robert John (Rob) Guest, OBE (17 July 19502 October 2008) was a British born New Zealand-Australian actor and singer, best known for his work in Australian musical theatre, particularly in various productions of "The Phantom of the Opera". He played the lead for a record 2,289 performances over seven years, more than any other performer.
Biography.
Rob Guest was born in Birmingham, England. The family moved to New Zealand when Rob was 13 and later moved to Canada where Rob was in a band called the Apparition. The family returned to New Zealand and in 1968 Guest joined the band The Shore Thing who relaunched in 1969 as the Apparition. In 1970 Guest joined the In Betweens as their vocalist. He signed with Polydor records in 1972. 
Rob Guest appeared on the New Zealand radio charts and starred for many years on television shows including "Happen Inn". He also appeared in the Hamilton Operatic Society's productions of "Half a Sixpence" and "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat". He won his first lead at age 22 in "The Jesus Christ Revolution" (which was presented as "Man of Sorrows" in New Zealand and which predated "Jesus Christ Superstar"). After performing his hit songs all around the world, Guest won the 1978 Korean Song Festival Best Male Vocalist trophy, recorded a special for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, and was voted the 1979 New Zealand 'Professional Performer of the Year'.
In 1981 Guest moved to the United States with his first wife, Lynette Perry, where he spent most of the 1980s performing and hosting shows in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, Reno, Nevada and Lake Tahoe. In 1985 Guest won the FIDOF Award in Los Angeles for his performance at the World Song Festival. He returned to New Zealand, opened a photographic studio, while continuing to moonlight as a performer. In 1988, he was named New Zealand's male theatrical performer of the year.
Rob Guest moved to Australia after he was cast as Jean Valjean in the Australian production of "Les Misérables", following Normie Rowe's portrayal, and spent three-and-a-half years touring Australia and New Zealand in the role; Guest also received a Green Room Award for Best Male Performer in a Leading Role. Guest then followed Anthony Warlow in the title role in "The Phantom of the Opera" from December 1991 to September 1998. 
Guest was the world's longest serving Phantom, having played the role a record 2,289 performances over seven years in front of Australian and New Zealand audiences. 
During this time he also hosted the game show "Man O Man". 
In 1995, Guest was invited as one of the seventeen Jean Valjeans from around the world to perform the encore of the "Les Misérables 10th Anniversary Concert" at the Royal Albert Hall in London. He later reprised the role of Valjean in 1998–99 for the Australasian 10th anniversary production.
In 1993 Guest received the Benny Award from the Variety Artists Club of New Zealand Inc, the highest honour available to a New Zealand variety entertainer.
Guest was appointed an Officer (OBE) of the Order of the British Empire on New Year's Day 1994, for his services to the New Zealand entertainment industry. His first marriage had ended in divorce, and in 1994 he married the singer Judy Barnes. They had two children, Christopher and Amy whom Rob cherished. Judy and Rob separated in 2001 but remained good friends.
Following his work in "Phantom of the Opera" and "Les Misérables", Guest performed in a number of high-profile roles, including Al Jolson in "Jolson", Captain von Trapp in "The Sound of Music", Rev Shaw Moore in "Footloose", and Harold Hill in "The Music Man". Guest performed numerous gala performances both in Australia and internationally, twice hosting Carols in the Domain, and also releasing four gold-selling albums.
Death.
On the evening of 30 September 2008, Guest was taken to St Vincent's Hospital, Melbourne, after suffering a stroke. He died on the morning of 2 October 2008 with his partner Kellie Dickerson, Judy Guest and their children Christopher and Amy and best friend Greg Smart by his side. At the time of his death, Guest was appearing as The Wonderful Wizard of Oz in the Australian premiere production of the hit Broadway musical "Wicked", which had opened in Melbourne in July 2008. Kellie Dickerson was the show's musical director at the time. A public memorial was held for Guest at the Regent Theatre on 13 October 2008, featuring speeches and musical performances by his friends and co-stars from various shows. Bert Newton was brought in as his replacement in "Wicked", six weeks following his death.
Performances.
Notable roles included: 
The Rob Guest Endowment.
In recognition of Rob Guest's achievements in the musical theatre industry, ANZ Trustees established a memorial fund in his honour to help emerging young performers in musical theatre. The Rob Guest Endowment is awarded each year to an emerging musical theatre performer selected by a panel of industry experts. The Award will provide the emerging performer with further knowledge and training in the industry to develop their potential. 2009 saw the Endowment created, the competition launched and the inaugural concert staged at Her Majesty's Theatre, Melbourne. The winners were Danielle Matthews 2009 and Francine Cain 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19552808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552808" title="List of Loyola University Chicago people">
List of Loyola University Chicago people

Here follows a list of notable people of Loyola University Chicago:

</doc>
<doc id="19552810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552810" title="Jafar Khan Jamali">
Jafar Khan Jamali

Mir Jafar Khan Jamali was a prominent politician, tribal leader and a Muslim League veteran from Balochistan province, Pakistan. He was a close friend of Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah. He belongs to the Jamali tribe, a powerful and influential Baloch tribe. He actively participated in the struggle of creation of Pakistan from British India rules. He was uncle and family leader of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali. 
The district of Jafarabad, Balochistan is named after him.
MJKJ-Foundation committed to come forward and join hands with the poor communities, stop environmental degradation and to facilitate the communities in improving their living, social, cultural and education conditions of the communities without any discrimination, race and religion

</doc>
<doc id="19552817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552817" title="Channel value proposition">
Channel value proposition

Channel value proposition is a business model used by suppliers to attract members of its distribution (business) channel. This is made up of many elements, depending upon the sophistication of the supplier and channel members, and the intensity of competition for share of the channel. According to Julian Dent in his book "Distribution Channels", the most important elements are:
1) Growth – emphasizing the level of demand for the supplier's products or services and the investment it will make in stimulating demand.
2) Profitability – showing the margins, contributions, utilisation of overheads and net profitability that selling the supplier's products or services will deliver to the channel member. This can be augmented by special funding and other payments made by the supplier for activities carried out by the channel member (putting items on display or emphasizing them in marketing materials, etc.) or for performance (achieving volume thresholds, reaching a specific segment of the market, etc.)
3) Return on capital – demonstrating the productivity of the channel member's investments in inventory, working capital or fixed assets will be improved by engaging with the supplier. For example, a fast turning product will accelerate the channel member's inventory turns, increasing the productivity of its warehouse, shelf space or website.
4) Brand – showing how the association with the supplier will empower the channel member's own brand, or allow it to "borrow" or leverage the supplier's brand. For example, often seen when small dealers and retailers post "authorized reseller" or similar badges on their letterhead and premises to demonstrate credibility to the end customer.
Skilled suppliers research their channel members' needs to ensure that they tune their channel value proposition to these needs to gain more traction in winning share of the channel and to minimize the cost of so doing.

</doc>
<doc id="19552823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552823" title="Usta Mohammad">
Usta Mohammad

Usta Mohammad is a city and sub-division of the Jaffarabad District of Balochistan Province, Pakistan. The subdivision has an area of 978 km² and had an estimated population 160,230 in 2008. The city has an area of 3.3 km² and an estimated population of 35,000.
People.
More than 99% of the people of the district are Muslims. The major Baloch tribes in the district are, Lashari, Mahesar , Bohar,Lehri
Mastoi, Kumbhar USTO, Abro, Nausherwani ,Bohar,""', Siyal, umrani, Bhangar, JAMALI, Khoso, Qaisrani Mengal Marri, denari rind, Soomro'sRoungha,<Palal BULIDI>wadha piyara khan umrani 
The Usta Mohammad sub‑division was a part of Sindh until recently. Usta Mohammad is named after death of namedMula Mohammad Khan UstoMohammad is Name and Usto is cast Maulvi Usta Mohammad. The sub-division center is the city of Usta Muhammad. Unions in the district are Ali Abad, Faiz Abad,Khan Pur, Mehrab Pur, Piral Abad, Qabula, Samaji, Sobarani-II, Usta Muhammad I, Usta Muhammad II, Usta Muhammad III.
Climate and economy.
Usta Mohammad is in the Kachhi plain basin, with an average altitude of about 55 meters. Annual rainfall is only about 90mm, of which 60mm falls in Winter (November–May). Winters are cold, and summers are dry and extremely hot. The people of the district are poor, with inadequate access to medical supplies and facilities.
The area is sometimes subject to flooding, as happened in June 2007 after Cyclone Yemyin. The Kachhi Canal Project, started in 2002, is expected to have a significant impact in conserving floodwater and controlling water flows.
Crops include rice, wheat and sorghum. A survey in 2002 determine that the incidence of S. sorghi, the causal organism of grain smut of sorghum, reached 7% in Usta Mohammad. A recent survey of rice farmers in the district found that 33% were illiterate, 55% farmed from 12-40 acres of land, and 58.3% were tenant farmers. Some farms raise cattle, sheep and goats.
The city has an Agri-Development Institute and a Government Degree College.
Baba Kot incident.
The city gained unwelcome attention when, on 13 July 2008, five women from the village of Baba Kot about 80 km away were kidnapped by armed men who objected to three of them wanting to marry men of their choice in defiance of the Umrani tribal elders. The women were about to leave Baba Kot for a civil court at Usta Mohammad. They were forced into a jeep, driven to a remote area, beaten and buried alive, according to the Asian Human Rights Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19552842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552842" title="Marit Christensen">
Marit Christensen

Marit Christensen (born 11 November 1948) is a Norwegian journalist.
She is a cand.mag. by education. She worked for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation between 1977 and 2002. Here, she was a journalist, correspondent in Moscow from 1984 to 1988, and presenter for the entertainment shows "For galleriet" (1992–1993) and "Apropos" (1998–1999). Her time in Moscow earned her the nickname "Moskva-Marit" ("Moscow Marit").
On 17 August 2013, Christensen disclosed that for the last year of Wenche Behring Breivik's life, the mother of Norwegian mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik, Christensen had been her confidant. The book was published in the autumn 2013, under the title "The Mother".

</doc>
<doc id="19552845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552845" title="St. Anselm's Abbey School">
St. Anselm's Abbey School

St. Anselm's Abbey School is an all-boys preparatory school for grades six through twelve in Washington D.C.. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington. The school sits on a 40 acre wooded campus on the Michigan Park neighborhood of the city's Northeast quadrant and is run by the Benedictine monks of Saint Anselm's Abbey. 
History.
The school was founded in 1942 as the Priory School by Fr. Thomas Verner Moore, OSB, the superior of what was then St. Anselm's Priory. The Priory School opened on September 15, 1942 with just 18 students. Although the school began as a high school, the 7th and 8th grades (known as Form I and Form II, respectively) were added in 1955. 
The school was renamed St. Anselm's Abbey School in 1961, when the monastery was elevated to the status of an abbey. A 6th grade, known as Form A, was added in 1990 following a major expansion of the school's academic building. In 2003, the school completed a $9 million athletic and performing arts complex. This included the construction of a state-of-the-art athletic facility and gymnasium, as well as the conversion of the old 1945 gym into the Devine Performing Arts Center, containing classroom space, faculty offices and a theater with seating for 400.
Academics.
An entrance exam is required. The school attempts to create an academically challenging curriculum that offers classes in a range of subjects, including 23 Advanced Placement courses. In 1988, all but two students in the graduating class achieved semifinalist or higher ranks from the National Merit Scholar program. In 2004, roughly two-thirds of the graduating class achieved commendation or higher honors from the National Merit Scholar program. The average combined SAT I score was over 1400. In 2011, 30 of the 35 graduates achieved the AP Scholar, AP Scholar with Distinction, or National AP Scholar level as defined by the Advanced Placement Program.
Each student who has graduated from St. Anselm's Abbey School since its founding has been accepted to and attended an accredited four-year college or university. For the five-year period from 2002–2006, the five most popular destinations for St. Anselm's graduates were Georgetown University, Columbia University, the University of Maryland, College Park, the University of Chicago, and the College of William & Mary.
The school's curriculum emphasizes classics and is somewhat . Grades are called "forms," in accordance with the British school system. In addition to six years of science and five years of a spoken language, three years of Latin are required. Ancient Greek is also offered as an elective for students in the Upper School, as is Arabic for students in fifth and sixth forms. As in many other religious schools, theology is also a required course each year. 
The school is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and is a member of the National Association of Independent Schools.
In a December 2006 online discussion, "Washington Post" columnist and Challenge Index creator Jay Mathews said, "Saint Anselm's Abbey in NE D.C. has one of the highest ratings in the country, far above most private schools I know."
Following up in June 2011, Mathews declared that had he included private schools on his "Challenge Index," St. Anselm's Abbey School would have "a rating of 7.250 and a national ranking of 27th if put it on the list. On the Washington area list it would have been No. 1."
The "Baltimore Sun" has called St. Anselm's "one of the country's premier college preparatory schools."
Class sizes are 10-20 per class. The school's student-to-faculty ratio is approximately 5:1. Classes are smallest in the Upper Division (Forms V and VI), and graduating classes are typically made up of 35 or fewer students.
Campus and facilities.
The school's campus is approximately atop a hill in Washington, D.C. and includes the monastic building of St. Anselm's Abbey, an academic building, and an athletics/performing arts complex. The campus contains several tennis courts, athletic fields, batting cages, a cemetery and woodland areas.
The academic building underwent a renovation in 2008. A lecture hall with a stage and multimedia capabilities was completed. An earth science lab was completed, providing more space for experimentation in the science department. With its completion, the number of labs available to students is four, one for each of the major sciences. The largest and most noticeable upgrade is to the school entrance, which now has a new reception area and office space for student-teacher consultations. The rest of the school also received technological upgrades, including the installation of SMART Boards in several classrooms.
Athletics.
St. Anselm's competes in the Potomac Valley Athletic Conference at the middle school and varsity levels in several sports each season. During the 10-year period from 1998 to 2008, the Panthers won 35 conference championships in basketball, soccer, baseball, tennis, cross country, and track and field.
St. Anselm's has hosted the longest-running high school basketball tournament in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. The St. Anselm's Invitational has been a tradition at the school since 1948.
A traditional athletic rivalry is for the Bishop Ansgar Nelson Memorial Soccer Cup, an annual competition held between the varsity boys' soccer teams of St. Anselm's Abbey School and its sister school, Portsmouth Abbey School of Portsmouth, Rhode Island. The competition rotates each year between the two schools.
Student life.
The school has clubs and associations, many unique to the school. These include the Cultural Student Organization, Investment Club, Model UN, Fides Fellowship of St. Benedict, Mythology Club, Latin Club, Greek Club, It's Academic, Chamber Orchestra, Jazz Band, Fencing Club, Biology/Forensics Club, and French Club.
The It's Academic team is nationally-ranked, with members often participating in televised quizbowls and tournaments hosted at various Ivy-League universities, including the University of Pennsylvania.
The school newspaper, the "Priory Press", and the yearbook, "the Priory Perspective" are student-run and contributed to by the Junior and Senior classes.
Traditions.
Each student is assigned to one of four Houses named for figures in the school’s history: Alban House, named for Fr. Alban Boultwood, the first Abbot of St. Anselm’s Abbey; Austin House, named for Fr. Austin McNamee, the school’s founding Headmaster; Main House, named for Fr. John Main, the school’s fifth Headmaster; and Moore House, named for Fr. Thomas Verner Moore, founder of the monastery and school. The four houses compete each year for the House Championship, based on their performance in intramural athletics and their participation in extracurricular and community service activities.
Each year, St. Anselm’s Abbey School hosts to the Washington region’s longest-running interscholastic basketball tournament, the St. Anselm’s Invitational. The tournament was established in 1948. The post-season tournament traditionally begins on a Friday afternoon in late February, when the entire student body, faculty and staff join parents, friends and alumni in the gym to cheer on the varsity Panthers. The three-day event concludes on Sunday evening with the championship game, and the winning team’s name is inscribed on the Dwyer Trophy (named after the tournament’s founding coach), which is held by the winning school until the following tournament.
Each spring, Form IV students must complete a unique assignment as part of their Physics class: construct a vessel which, when dropped from the roof of the athletics complex, can hold an egg and keep it from breaking while hitting a target area on the sidewalk below. Students must construct their entries using only a single predetermined material, which changes each year and is revealed less than a month before the Egg Drop. The vehicle is graded on its size and dimensions, as well as its ability to keep the egg safe and intact. The student with the fewest deductions is named the winner of the “Egg Drop Award”—and, receives a perfect score on his assignment.

</doc>
<doc id="19552847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552847" title="SM U-4 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-4 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-4 or U-IV" was a "U-3"-class submarine or U-boat built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () before and during the First World War. The submarine was built as part of a plan to evaluate foreign submarine designs, and was the second of two boats of the class built by Germaniawerft of Kiel, Germany.
"U-4" was authorized in 1906, begun in March 1907, launched in November 1908, and towed from Kiel to Pola in April 1909. The double-hulled submarine was just under long and displaced between , depending on whether surfaced or submerged. The design of the submarine had poor diving qualities and several modifications to "U-4"s diving planes and fins occurred in her first years in the Austro-Hungarian Navy. Her armament, as built, consisted of two bow torpedo tubes with a supply of three torpedoes, but was supplemented with a deck gun, the first of which was added in 1915.
The boat was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy in August 1909, and served as a training boat—sometimes making as many as ten cruises a month—through the beginning of the First World War in 1914. At the start of that conflict, she was one of only four operational submarines in the Austro-Hungarian Navy U-boat fleet. Over the first year of the war, "U-4" made several unsuccessful attacks on warships and captured several smaller vessels as prizes. In July 1915, she scored what "Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships, 1906–1921" calls her greatest success when she torpedoed and sank the Italian armored cruiser , the largest ship hit by "U-4" during the war.
In mid-May 1917, "U-4" was a participant in a raid on the Otranto Barrage which precipitated the Battle of Otranto Straits. In a separate action that same month, "U-4" sank her second largest ship, the Italian troopship "Perseo". She scored her final success in July 1917 with the sinking of a French tug. In total, "U-4" sank twelve ships totaling over . She survived the war as Austria-Hungary's longest serving submarine, was ceded to France as a war reparation, and scrapped in 1920.
Design and construction.
"U-4" was built as part of a plan by the Austro-Hungarian Navy to competitively evaluate foreign submarine designs from Simon Lake, Germaniawerft, and John Philip Holland. The Austro-Hungarian Navy authorized the construction of "U-4" (and sister ship, "U-3") in 1906 by Germaniawerft of Kiel, Germany. "U-4" was laid down on 12 March 1907 and launched on 20 November 1908. After completion, she was towed via Gibraltar to Pola, where she arrived on 19 April 1909.
"U-4"s design was an improved version of Germaniawerft's design for the Imperial German Navy's first U-boat, , and featured a double hull with internal saddle tanks. The Germaniawerft engineers refined the design's hull shape through extensive model trials.
"U-4" was long by abeam and had a draft of . She displaced surfaced and submerged. She was armed with two bow torpedo tubes, and was designed to carry up to three torpedoes.
Early career.
After "U-4"s arrival at Pola in April 1909, she was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 29 August 1909 as SM "U-4". During the evaluation of the "U-3" class conducted by the Navy, the class' poor diving and handling characteristics were noted. To alleviate the diving problems, "U-4"s fins were changed in size and shape several times, and eventually, the front diving planes were removed and a stationary stern flap was affixed to the hull. "U-4" served as a training boat between 1910 and 1914 and made as many as ten cruises per month in that capacity.
World War I.
1914–1916.
At the beginning of World War I, she was one of only four operational submarines in the Austro-Hungarian Navy. On 27 September 1914, "U-4" began operating reconnaissance cruises out of the naval base at Cattaro under the command of "Linienschiffsleutnant" Hermann Jüstel. "U-4" attacked the cruiser "Waldeck-Rousseau" on 17 October, but the French vessel escaped without serious damage. In late November, "U-4" seized the Albanian sailing vessel "Fiore del Mar" as a prize off Montenegro. "U-4" received her first radio set the following month.
"U-4"s next success was the capture of three Montenegrin boats on 19 February 1915. Rudolph Singule, who was to become "U-4"s most successful commander, assumed command of the boat in April 1915. Around the same time, the boat was equipped with a quick firing (QF) deck gun. On 24 May, in the Gulf of Drin, "U-4" unsuccessfully attacked an Italian , but on 9 June, Singule spotted the British cruiser escorting a convoy along the Montenegrin coast. Despite a screen of six destroyers, "U-4" was able to torpedo "Dublin" off San Giovanni de Medua. Twelve men on "Dublin" died in the attack, but the cruiser made her way safely, albeit damaged, back to port.
On 18 July, "U-4" chanced upon an Italian squadron of ships shelling the railroads at Dubrovnik. Singule selected the Italian armored cruiser as a target and torpedoed her. "Giuseppe Garibaldi"—at , the largest ship sunk by "U-4"—sank with a loss of 53 men; 525 men survived. "Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships, 1906–1921" calls the sinking of "Giuseppe Garibaldi" as "U-4"s greatest success. In August, she was sent out to search for her missing sister ship, , which was overdue, having been sunk on 13 August by the French destroyer "Bisson". In November, "U-4" made an unsuccessful attack on a British . In early December, "U-4" dispatched two small Albanian vessels in the Gulf of Drin. The sailing vessel "Papagallo" was sunk, and the "Gjovadje" was taken as a prize. New periscopes and a new gyrocompass were installed on "U-4" later in the month. On 3 January 1916, operating again near the Gulf of Drin, Singule and "U-4" seized another Albanian sailing vessel, "Halil", and sank two smaller boats.
In early February, "U-4" sank the French patrol vessel "Jean Bart" southwest of Cape Laghi, off Durazzo. Just five days later, "U-4" made an unsuccessful attack on a British . Over 26 and 27 March, "U-4" participated in a search for the lost Austro-Hungarian submarine . Three days later, "U-4" sank the British schooner "John Pritchard Of Carnar" with explosive charges off the island of Antipaxos. In July, "U-4" was outfitted with a new 66 mm/26 (2.6 in) deck gun, which equaled the main gun planned for the , under construction at the time.
On 2 August, "U-4" missed an Italian in a torpedo attack, and three days later, was missed by two torpedoes in an attack by an enemy submarine. A week later, "U-4" successfully torpedoed and sank the Italian schooner "Ponte Maria" off Brindisi and weathered another unsuccessful enemy submarine attack. Two days later, on 14 August, "U-4" closed out her busy month of August by attacking the British steamer "Inverbervie" off Cape Nau. Some two months later, "U-4" sank the Italian tanker "Margaretha" at position . "Margaretha", originally the J.M.Lennard & Sons ship "Atilla", went down without any reported loss of life on 13 October.
1917–1918.
In early May 1917, "U-4" sank the steamer "Perseo"—the second largest ship sunk by the boat—in the Ionian Sea. Although "Perseo" was serving as an Italian troop transport at the time, there are no reports of casualties in the 4 May attack. In mid-May 1917, "U-4" participated in a support role in a raid on the Otranto Barrage that precipitated the Battle of Otranto Straits. On the night of 14/15 May, the Austro-Hungarian cruisers , , and attacked the drifters that deployed the anti-submarine nets that formed part of the Barrage, sinking 14, damaging 5, and taking 72 prisoners. Destroyers and were sent to simultaneously attack Italian transports shuttling between Italy and Valona, and sank an Italian destroyer and a munitions ship. "U-4", which was posted near Valona, was a part of a force of three U-boats intended to intercept British and Italian ships responding to the attacks; the other two were the Austro-Hungarian (assigned to patrol between Brindisi and Cattaro) and the German (assigned to mine Brindisi). A squadron of British cruisers and Italian and French destroyers joined the battle against the Austro-Hungarian cruisers on 15 May. Several ships on each side were damaged by the time the engagement was broken off. As a result of the attacks the drifter line of the Barrage was moved farther south and maintained only during the day, a success for the Central Powers. "U-4" did not take any offensive action during the raid and ensuing battle.
On 30 May at Corfu, "U-4" torpedoed and sank the French passenger steamer "SS Italia", in operation by the French Navy as an armed boarding ship. On 19 June, "U-4" scored a triple victory when she sank the French steamers "Edouarde Corbière" and "Cefira" and the Greek ship "Kerkyra" off Taranto. "U-4" sank what would be her final ship on 12 July, when she torpedoed the French tug "Berthilde" off Cape Stilo. In September, "U-4" received a new bulwark on her conning tower.
"U-4" arrived at Pola for the final time on 1 November 1918 and was there at the war's end. She was ceded to France as a war reparation and scrapped in 1920. "U-4" was the longest serving Austro-Hungarian submarine, and sank a total of enemy shipping during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19552855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552855" title="Arctostaphylos pechoensis">
Arctostaphylos pechoensis

Arctostaphylos pechoensis is a species of manzanita known by the common name Pecho manzanita. It is endemic to California, where it is known only from the Pecho Hills southwest of San Luis Obispo. It is a plant of the chaparral and coastal coniferous forest. This is a large shrub, generally growing at least 2 meters tall and known to exceed five meters in height. Its smaller branches are woolly with long white bristles. The dense foliage of leaves are oval-shaped, smooth, toothed, or jagged along the edges, and overlapping. The inflorescence is a cluster of cone-shaped manzanita flowers, each about 7 millimeters long. The fruit is a hairless or nearly hairless red drupe about a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19552870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552870" title="Suhbat Pur">
Suhbat Pur

Suhbat Pur or Sohbat Puror Sohbatpur is a town in Jaffarabad District in Balochistan, Pakistan. It is famous for it Central Mosque. Sardar Khan Bahadur Sohbat Khan Gola (Who was "Tumandar" Chief of Buledi,Gola tribe and recipient of The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire M.B.E)built it in 1900s. Sohbatpur Village (now District) is one of oldest village of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19552873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552873" title="Jhat Pat">
Jhat Pat

Jhat Pat, also spelt Jhatpat, is a sub-division of Jaffarabad District of Balochistan province Pakistan.
References.
The major Baloch tribes in the district are Khoso Baloch and others...

</doc>
<doc id="19552891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552891" title="Morten Jentoft">
Morten Jentoft

Morten Jentoft (born 22 July 1956) is a Norwegian journalist.
He was the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation correspondent in Helsinki at the end of the Cold War. After some time working foreign affairs in the radio's news division he was hired as the correspondent in Moscow, commencing in 1996. He left in 2000. He has authored several books, with themes revolving around Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19552918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552918" title="1946–47 FA Cup">
1946–47 FA Cup

The 1946–47 FA Cup was the 66th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Charlton Athletic, the previous season's runners-up, won the competition for the first and (as of 2010) only time, beating Burnley 1–0 after extra time in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage 43 clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined 23 non-league clubs that had advanced through the qualifying rounds. Chester, Cardiff City and Crystal Palace were given a bye to the Third Round. To make the number of matches up, non-league Barnet and Bishop Auckland, the previous season's F. A. Amateur Cup winners and runners-up respectively, were given byes to this round. 34 matches were played on Saturday, 30 November 1946. Six were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were played on Saturday, 14 December 1946. Six matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture. Two of these then went to a second replay.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage, along with Chester, Cardiff City and Crystal Palace. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 11 January 1947. Five matches were drawn and went to replays, with one of these requiring a second replay to settle the fixture.
Fourth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 25 January 1947. Five games were drawn and went to replays, of which one went to a second replay.
Fifth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 8 February 1947. There were three replays.
Sixth Round Proper.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 1 March 1947. There was one replay, in the Burnley–Middlesbrough match.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 29 March 1947. Burnley and Liverpool needed to replay their match, which was settled two weeks later in Burnley's favour. They went on to meet Charlton Athletic in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The 1947 FA Cup Final was contested by Charlton Athletic and Burnley at Wembley, England on 26 April 1947. Charlton, losing finalists the previous year, won by a single goal, scored in extra time by Chris Duffy.
History repeated itself this year as the ball again burst during the game. Later, the reason for these problems in 1946 and 1947 was put down to the poor quality of leather available after World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19552925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552925" title="Fairfield College">
Fairfield College

Fairfield College is a co-educational state secondary school in Hamilton, New Zealand. Located in the north-east suburb of Fairfield, it was founded in 1957. Built on the site of a former dairy farm which is leased from Tainui iwi, it is one of the largest school sites in the country.
History.
First principal was C.M. Sealey (1957–60) who was succeeded by J. Yolland (1961–1965), during which time the roll increased to 1140. Staff increased to 51 and three new blocks were opened, the administration block featuring a small armoury accommodating rifles for school cadets. A swimming pool and the first gymnasium (later named the Kelly gym) were constructed, and the two-storey Y block was named Yolland Block. The third principal was F. Forster, (1965–69).The student based school council was introduced during his tenure.
John Kelly (1970–80) introduced mufti as an optional alternative to school uniform in 1974, the first Hamilton school to do so, and only the fourth in New Zealand. He banned caning and introduced the system of deans. The school grew to a maximum of 1425 in 1978. He strongly promoted rowing, rugby and drama productions. He introduced general studies which gave form 6 students opportunity to engage in a wide range of sporting programmes not available at the school, such as sail boarding, clay pigeon shooting, croquet and indoor bowls. Kelly was a keen supporter of overseas aid projects and involved students in fund raising for simple irrigation pumps which could be used in third world nations.
The fifth principal was David Hood who continued the policies of John Kelly that he had helped formulate. From Newcastle in England,with a background as a merchant marine officer, Hood was recognised for his inclusive, relaxed style of management. He encouraged new initiatives, including establishment on unused ground of the large stands of radiata pine. He was succeeded by the sixth principal, B. Prestidge in the 1980s before Caroline Bennett was principal during the 90s until 2006. During her time the Māori roll in the school grew from eight percent to 35 percent. The marae complex, initiated by B Prestidge, was completed after a decade. The richly carved wharenui became the base for Ngapurapura (seeds), an alternative education programme for Māori students, who were at risk of dropping out of the educational system.
The seventh principal was Ashley Brown, who had been deputy principal under Caroline Bennett. He was acting principal for a term but carried out a number of critical reforms such as re-establishing a coherent deans system and making some staffing decisions resulting in a more positive atmosphere in the school. He stayed briefly to assist the eighth principal, Julie Small, who was selected by a new board of trustees, guided by Dennis Finn, a commissioner from the Ministry of Education. She had a reputation for rapidly improving NCEA results at her previous school, Rodney College.
In June 2011 Fairfield College made news headlines again due to a prank played 2 years earlier. In May 2009 some one had sprayed six phallic shapes into the grass with weedkiller. As the grass died these shapes became visible. These images were then captured by satellite and published on Google Earth. These images were then republished by media around the world.
Richard Crawford was appointed principal for the start of the 2012 year.
2007-2009 disruptions.
The school's NCEA Level 1 results improved in 2007 to a 51 percent pass rate but declined to 29 percent in 2008. Former board members Michael Crawford and Winston Pinkerton said this occurred because of "a campaign, by some teachers resistant to change, to undermine the authority and leadership of the principal and the board" which "impacted on teaching and learning in 2008." They said some department heads and others did this when realising their performances would be properly appraised and they would be held accountable for student academic results. "Because of this they began a campaign to undermine the school board and principal, including character assassination of the principal, bullying of other staff and misinformation to media and members of the school community.". In the same article, Fairfield PPTA spokesperson Jennifer Hamilton said she and many of her colleagues were hurt by the comments, and that management of Fairfield staff by the PPTA has been restrained and professional.
In 2008 the PPTA advised the MOE that despite the best efforts of the local and regional PPTA to solve the mounting problems, issues were becoming more serious. A MOE appointed negotiator, John Carlyon, was appointed in Term 4 2008 to establish a working party to address problems at the college. During Term 1 2009 there was continued disquiet among some staff, students and parents. Near the end of Term 1 some 10 to 12 percent of pupils went on strike to support teaching staff. The strike received widespread media coverage, and the Waikato Times reported it had seldom received so many complaints, 90 percent in support of staff. The school board resigned.
In 2009 management of the school's childcare centre was taken over by the Kindergarten Association of NZ to comply with MOE requirements.
Fairfield College has signed up to the Te Kotahi tanga programme intended to improve Maori students academic performance. The 9 year old programme seeks to change how teachers teach.

</doc>
<doc id="19552931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552931" title="Halfmann Teleskoptechnik">
Halfmann Teleskoptechnik

Halfmann Teleskoptechnik is a German based manufacturer of professional robotic telescopes. Halfmann Telescopes have been delivered worldwide for several projects.
Origins and History.
The professional branch of the company started in 1996 with delivery of special devices (siderostats) for the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
Projects.
Recent telescope projects include the Hamburg Robotic Telescope HRT of the "Hamburger Sternwarte" (Hamburg Observatory) completed in 2005, the MONET telescopes installed at McDonald Observatory in Texas, and the South African Astronomical Observatory in South Africa. STELLA and RoboTel telescopes erected at Izana Observatory in Tenerife and at Potsdam, Germany, and IRIS Infrared telescope to be installed at Cerro Armazones Observatory in Chile. All telescopes are designed for remote and robotic operation.

</doc>
<doc id="19552932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552932" title="Salvatore Fresi">
Salvatore Fresi

Salvatore Fresi (born 16 January 1973) is an Italian footballer. 
Fresi was born in La Maddalena, Sardinia. His first professional championship was with Salernitana, with whom he conquered the promotion to Serie B. At the under of that season he was selected for the Italian Under 21 selection, of which he later became captain. 
After another Serie B championship with Salernitana, in which his team neared promotion to Serie A, he was acquired by Inter. Fresi played for the Milanese team until 1998, winning a UEFA Cup in 1998. In that year he was loaned back to Salernitana, and later played for Napoli and Bologna, returning to play frequently; this gained him a place at Juventus F.C., but here Fresi found few presences in Serie A, although he was part of the team which won the scudetto in 2002-2003.
Later he played for Perugia, Catania and again Salernitana, in which he remained despite the relegation to Serie C1 in 2005. His last team was Battipagliese, playing in the Eccellenza series, in 2005-2006.
Fresi was selected six times for the Italian football national team, in 1995-1999, but never played a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="19552933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552933" title="Sahwa">
Sahwa

Sahwa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19552966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552966" title="Robert Forster (disambiguation)">
Robert Forster (disambiguation)

Robert Forster (born 1941) is an American actor.
Robert Forster may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19552968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552968" title="MV Iran Deyanat">
MV Iran Deyanat

MV "Iran Deyanat" is an Iranian ship (owned and operated by the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines) that was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden by 40 pirates with Kalashnikovs and RPGs on August 21, 2008. The crew of the ship numbered 29: a Pakistani captain, 14 Iranians including an engineer, 3 Indians, 2 Filipinos, and 10 Eastern Europeans. The ship was freed on October 10, and the crew was unharmed. The ship went underway bound to Oman and then to its final destination at Rotterdam.
Hijacking.
The ship had declared as cargo minerals and industrial products such as iron ore, but Somali negotiators are alleged to have said that the true cargo included arms and chemical weapons. The "Deyanat" had departed from China with the purported intent of selling its cargo in Germany, but Somali officials say that the ship was truly headed to Eritrea; in addition, the ship's arrival in the Gulf of Aden was supposedly "suspiciously early." "Many of us ran out on the deck. We saw a group of men in two tiny speedboats close to the ship. The ship’s radar had failed to pick them up. The men were firing in the air," crew member Jeevan Kiran D’Souza said. "There were 16 of them. They threw a ladder fitted with grappling hooks over the side of the ship and clambered aboard. They stormed all cabins and herded the entire crew into a small room, and told the captain to cut the engine." After the hijackers took control of the ship, they used the "Deyanat" to tow their boats along. They shuttled between Reassban, Reassaaf, and other locations (purportedly to evade rival pirate groups) before meeting their boss, "Abdul Hakeem," and finally mooring off the coast of Eyl in Somalia—which is allegedly the base of a crime syndicate. In fact, multiple other pirated ships were moored near the "Deyanat". The number of pirates guarding the ship included 50 on shore and 50 on board.
Conditions aboard the ship.
The sailors aboard the ship were limited to two slices of moldy bread and a ration of two cups of water. Though the pirates took $10,000 from the ship's captain and the crew's cell phones, clothes, and possessions, they were allowed to call home for the first two days after the hijacking. The pirates carried guns at all time and negotiations were conducted "at the officer's level," so most of the crew knew nothing of the pirates' demands.
Ransom.
A ransom was set at $2 million, and the Iranian news channel Press TV said that the United States, believing that the ship may contain uranium, offered $7 million to board and search the ship. (US officials reportedly would not comment.) At one point the Sunday Times reported that the IRISL paid $200,000 in the first of a series of ransom payments, but the Iranian company denied the claim. The ship "was supposed to be released, but now they are saying the $200,000 was for facilitation only. They want more money for the ransom," said Andrew Mwangura, of the Kenyan-based East African Seafarers' Assistance Programme.
According to Lloyd's List, the IRISL ultimately paid $2.5 million to free the ship.
Mysterious contents.
The IRISL, which owns the ship, has been designated for proliferation activity by the U.S. Treasury office, thereby freezing its assets and banning American trade with it, including food and medical supplies, in accordance with US sanctions of Iran. The US accuses the shipping line of "falsifying documents and using deceptive schemes to shroud its involvement in illicit commerce," saying the "IRISL's actions are part of a broader pattern of deception and fabrication that Iran uses to advance its nuclear and missile programs."
Though the ship carried industrial contents such as iron ore, other potentially illegal cargo has been surmised by the blog Long War Journal. According to Long War Journal (which as sources for its reports includes "Somali officials," "independent sources," and chiefly a man named Hassan Allore Osman, listed as Puntland's Minister of Minerals and Oil), some of the pirates who boarded the ship suffered a strange illness, which includes loss of hair and skin burns, and some pirates having died. The pirates tried to access the cargo on the ship, but the containers were locked and the captain and Iranian engineer from the ship's crew gave changing accounts of the cargo's contents. "That ship is unusual," the Long War Journal reports Osman as saying. "It is not carrying a normal shipment."
In addition, Director of the East African's Seafarer's Assistance Programme Andrew Mwangura told South Africa's Sunday Times: “We don’t know exactly how many, but the information that I am getting is that some of them had died. There is something very wrong about that ship." Mwangura, however, did not name the source of his information, so it is not known whether he was referring to the Long War Journal reports.
Experts have said that the accounts of the illness sound more like radiation poisoning than chemical poisoning. "It's baffling," Jonathan Tucker, from the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies, said to Fox News. "I'm not aware of any chemical agent that produces loss of hair within a few days. That's more suggestive of high levels of radioactive waste."
In all, 16 pirates died from the ship's contents. Differing analyses have claimed that the ship's contents were planned to be delivered to Hezbollah or to al-Qaida groups in the Horn of Africa; ultimately, however, the ship berthed at the destination listed on its manifest, Rotterdam, unloading food and minerals.
It has been speculated that the ship's actual destination was Eritrea, and that its cargo was small arms and chemical weapons for Islamist anti-government rebels in Somalia. It has also been speculated that the ship was loaded with radioactive sand, which was to be released in the proximity of Israeli coastal cities, and blown ashore by the wind. Surviving Somali pirates said that the containers that had been broken open were filled with a "powdery fine sandy soil".
Docking.
The MV Iran Deyanat arrived at Rotterdam on 11 November 2008. A "multi-disciplinary team comprising inspectors from the port authority, customs and habour police boarded and searched the ship" and found no hazardous substances on board. The paperwork was in order and the ship was unloaded. Lloyd's List reported that the ship’s charterer—German-based Hinrichs—denied any evidence of pirates falling ill during the hijacking. This contradicts the claims, however, that local officials made to sources such as The Times of South Africa and Reuters.

</doc>
<doc id="19552979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552979" title="Aroona, Queensland">
Aroona, Queensland

Aroona is a suburb of the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia, located within the Caloundra urban centre north-west of Caloundra. It is situated between Little Mountain and Currimundi. Aroona is an aboriginal word usually meaning "place of refreshing" or "place of running water".
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Aroona is 3,062, 52.7% female and 47.3% male.
The median/average age of the Aroona population is 42 years of age, 5 years above the Australian average.
81.1% of people living in Aroona were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 5.7%, New Zealand 4.5%, Germany 0.7%, Scotland 0.6%, Netherlands 0.6%.
95.9% of people speak English as their first language 0.6% German, 0.3% Dutch, 0.2% Macedonian, 0.2% Italian, 0.2% Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="19552986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19552986" title="Arctostaphylos pilosula">
Arctostaphylos pilosula

Arctostaphylos pilosula is a species of manzanita known by the common names La Panza manzanita and Santa Margarita manzanita. It is endemic to California, where it is known only from the coastal mountains of San Luis Obispo County, especially near Santa Margarita, and one occurrence in southern Monterey County. It grows in the chaparral. This is a bristly shrub growing between one and two meters tall. The leaves are rounded to oval and dull and hairless in texture. They are up to 3 centimeters long. The shrub blooms in spherical inflorescences of cone-shaped manzanita flowers, each just under a centimeter long. The fruit is a reddish brown drupe about a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19553006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553006" title="Kurt Baker">
Kurt Baker

Kurt Thomas Baker (born 7 October 1988) is a New Zealand rugby union player. He plays in the fullback (and occasionally wing or centre) position for the Canterbury based Super Rugby franchise the Crusaders, and for New Zealand's Māori international side the Māori All Blacks.
Also a current New Zealand Sevens rep, Baker has played in 15 Sevens World Series tournaments, has played in the Rugby Sevens World Cup and featured in Gordon Tietjens squad to take part at the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Baker earned himself a Highlanders contract after a superb ITM Cup season in 2010. Starting at fullback, he became a regular try-scoring threat, with the Crusaders he was a member of their wider training group. At provincial level he began his career with Manawatu - his home province - before making the switch to Taranaki in 2010.
Domestic career.
In 2008, Baker was selected in the Manawatu squad to take part in the Air New Zealand Cup competition (NPC). He debuted for Manawatu against Auckland in a Ranfurly Shield match, coming on as a replacement. Baker made his starting debut against Wellington.
Baker was one of Manawatu's top try scores with three tries, but was suspended from all rugby for up to eight weeks in the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup after verbally abusing a match official.
In 2010 saw Baker shift north to Taranaki. Starting at fullback against Northland in Week 1 of the competition, he played mainly in that position throughout the season. Baker, joined Manawatu team-mate Andre Taylor, who also signed with the union on a two-year deal.
Following the 2010 ITM Cup, Baker joined the Highlanders for the 2011 Super Rugby season. A stress fracture in his back sidelined him in 2011. For Taranaki, Baker continued to be a key contributor, there was a bigger prize at season’s end; the Ranfurly Shield. Heading into the 2012 ITM Cup he had scored nine tries in 19 games for Taranaki.
Baker eventually made his debut for the Highlanders in 2012 in the Super Rugby match against the Chiefs in Hamilton. He was a stand out throughout the season, one such try against the Blues in round nine saw him chase a kick at pace to what ended up being the winning try. He went on to play seven matches and score two tries for the Highlanders. He made an immediate impact with his decisive running and ability to spot a gap for Taranaki in 2012. His ability to put a player into space also caught the eye. He finished the year as the first-choice fullback.
Baker did not return to the Highlanders for the 2013 Super Rugby season, but instead signed with the Crusaders as a member of their wider training group.
International career.
Baker was selected in the New Zealand Sevens squad for the opening two rounds of the 2008/2009 IRB World Sevens Series in Dubai and George, making his international rugby debut at the Dubai Exiles Rugby Ground. In 2009 Baker was named in the New Zealand Sevens trial squad, but went on to play in the England, Scotland, Dubai and George Sevens later that year.
In 2010 he secured a permanent position in the New Zealand Sevens squad, playing in all 6 tournaments. In the Hong Kong Sevens, he led the New Zealand team in scoring 4 tries in their semi-final win over Fiji and 2 tries in their Cup finals loss to Samoa. He was also the top individual try scorer and point scorer of the tournament. Later in 2010 Baker was then named in Gordon Tietjens squad to take part at the Commonwealth Games. He was a stand out in the finals against Australia coming on as a replacement and scoring one of the winning tries to ensure them the gold medal.
At the final of the 2012 South African rugby sevens title at Port Elizabeth, Baker scored a hat-trick of tries in New Zealand's 47-12 win over France. Although the then 24-year-old Baker had only played seven matches for the Highlanders, Jamie Joseph, the Māori All Blacks coach, selected him for the 2012 UK end of year tour to England, playing against domestic club team Leicester Tigers, a specialiy made RFU Championship XV, and ending against the Canadian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19553029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553029" title="Erik Must Angell">
Erik Must Angell

Erik Must Angell (15 September 1744 – 28 August 1814) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
He graduated both as cand.theol. and cand.jur.. He became burgomaster of Throndhjem in 1774, magistrate president in 1788 and judge in 1800. He was also a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters. He was then County Governor of "Søndre Throndhjems amt" (today named Sør-Trøndelag) from 1810 to 1814.
He was the brother of local dean Jonas Angell. He married Anna Marie Lysholm (1757–1826) in 1780.

</doc>
<doc id="19553041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553041" title="Narayan Gangaram Surve">
Narayan Gangaram Surve

Narayan Gangaram Surve (October 15, 1926 – August 16, 2010) was a Marathi poet from Maharashtra, India.
Life & Career.
He was born on October 15, 1926. Orphaned or abandoned soon after birth, he grew up in the streets of Mumbai, sleeping on the pavement and earning a meager livelihood by doing odd jobs. He taught himself to read and write, and in 1962, published his first collection of poems "Aisa Ga Mi Brahma" (ऐसा गा मी ब्रह्म ; "Aisa Ga Mi Brahma"). "Majhe Vidyapeeth" (माझे विद्यापीठ ; "My University"), the book he would be most known for appeared in 1966 while he stayed in Chinchpokli, Mahahrashtra. He received 11 prizes for his book "Majhe Vidyapeeth" 
Though he studied only till second standard and never stepped on the steps of college is known as on the best poets of Marathi language.
Surve actively worked in the workers' union movement in Mumbai and supported himself as a schoolteacher. Surve who had lots of faith in Karl Marx won the 'Soviet Land Nehru Award' (for his book Majhe Vidyapeeth) from Soviet Russia in the year 1973 as communist people of Russia were very much fascinated by his views and they thought that he was just one among them. He became the editor of "Lokvadmaygruha" in the year 1972.
In the 1970s, he was often championed in India as well as in the Soviet Union and some Eastern bloc countries as a proletarian poet.
He died due to old age and after a brief illness on August 16, 2010.
Famous Works.
The following is a partial list of compilations of Surve's poems and essays:

</doc>
<doc id="19553048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553048" title="Lewis Stevenson (Australian footballer)">
Lewis Stevenson (Australian footballer)

Lewis Stevenson (born 30 July 1989) is an Australian rules footballer in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and Australian Football League (AFL). Stevenson has played for the Claremont Football Club and West Coast Football Club since 2008 until 2012. He currently plays for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the AFL.
Career.
West Coast.
Stevenson was drafted in the 1st round (12th overall) of the 2007 AFL Rookie Draft by the West Coast Eagles. He did not play a game in his first two seasons on the roster, but was retained for a third year, following a change in the rookie list rules to allow this.
He played 10 senior WAFL games in 2008 and 20 in 2009.
Stevenson made his AFL debut in round 5, 2010 against Sydney, after being elevated to the senior list. He played 10 games in 2010, but didn't manage to play a senior game in 2011 or 2012.
Port Adelaide.
During the 2012 Trade Week, Stevenson was traded to the Port Adelaide Football Club. He made his debut for Port Adelaide in Round 1, 2013, against Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="19553087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553087" title="1963–64 DFB-Pokal">
1963–64 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1964 was the 21st season of the competition. It began on 7 April 1964 and ended on 13 June 1964. 32 teams competed in the tournament of five rounds. In the final 1860 Munich defeated Eintracht Frankfurt 2–0.

</doc>
<doc id="19553114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553114" title="Behavioral and Brain Functions">
Behavioral and Brain Functions

Behavioral and Brain Functions is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by BioMed Central with Open Access to all content. The journal publishes articles on "all aspects of neurobiology where the unifying theme is behavior or behavioral dysfunction". It was established in 2005 with Terje Sagvolden as founding editor-in-chief. The current editors-in-chief are Vivienne A. Russell (University of Cape Town) and Rosemary Tannock (University of Toronto).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed by PubMed, Science Citation Index, Chemical Abstracts Service, and Scopus. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", it has a 2011 impact factor of 2.127.
Article types.
The journal publishes articles in the following categories:

</doc>
<doc id="19553117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553117" title="Michael Mullen (Irish politician)">
Michael Mullen (Irish politician)

Michael Mullen (1 February 1919 – 1 November 1982) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–West constituency at the 1961 general election and was re-elected at the 1965 general election. He did not contest the 1969 general election. He was nominated by the Taoiseach Liam Cosgrave in 1973 to the 13th Seanad.

</doc>
<doc id="19553120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553120" title="Michael Mullen (disambiguation)">
Michael Mullen (disambiguation)

Michael Mullen (born 1946) is a US Navy admiral and current Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for the US military.
Michael Mullen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19553122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553122" title="MV Faina">
MV Faina

The MV "Faina" () is a roll-on/roll-off cargo ship operated by a Ukrainian company that sails under a Belize flag of convenience.
The "Faina" is owned by Waterlux AG, based in Panama City, and managed by Tomex Team in Odessa, Ukraine.
On 25 September 2008, the ship was captured by Somali pirates (allegedly under the orders of piracy kingpin Mohamed Abdi Hassan) in the twenty-sixth such attack in 2008.
The "Faina"s crew (at the time of capture) consisted of 17 Ukrainians, three Russians and one Latvian. On 28 September, Viktor Nikolsky, first mate on the "Faina", said that Vladimir Kolobkov, the ship's Russian captain, had died from a hypertension-related stroke. On 5 February 2009 it was announced that a ransom of US $3.2 million had been paid to the pirates, and the ship was released the next day.
Hijacking.
On 25 September 2008, the "Faina" was hijacked by approximately 50 Somali pirates calling themselves the Central Regional Coast Guard. The ship was allegedly heading to Mombasa, Kenya, from Ukraine with 33 Soviet-made T-72 tanks, weapons (including rocket-propelled grenades and anti-aircraft guns) and ammunition on board, when it was seized. The pirates said they were unaware of the ship's cargo before they captured it. However, the pirates claim that documents found on board indicate that the arms cargo was destined for Juba, Southern Sudan, instead of Kenya, as originally understood. The claim was confirmed by U.S. Navy and several other intelligence groups, although the Kenyan government denies the allegation.
The pirates demanded a ransom and had threatened to blow up the ship, along with the pirates themselves and the ship's crew, if the ransom is not paid.
The ransom amount was reported as US$35 million, US$20 million, US$8 million, and US$5 million in the weeks following the capture. The threat was later withdrawn.
The pirates initially set a course for the pirate haven of Eyl, but instead anchored near the village of Hinbarwaqo after the caught up to them. Supplies of fuel for electrical generation were accepted on board, and food and drinking water were later delivered to the ship.
The U.S. Navy's "Arleigh Burke"-class destroyer Howard engaged the "Faina" in pursuit within several hundred yards to stop the unloading of the cargo by the pirates. Later, the "Ticonderoga"-class missile cruiser and other U.S. warships joined the "Howard" and surrounded the "Faina" with the Russian missile frigate "Neustrashimy" patrolling the Somali coast.
American helicopters and other aircraft have also been flying over the "Faina". Warships from the U.S. Navy and other navies have blockaded the MV "Faina" in a port off Somalia's Indian Ocean coast. However, pirates wanted to unload small weapons from the cargo near Hinbarwaqo, even while warned not to do so by surrounding naval ships.
Three of the hijackers were reportedly killed during a gunfight between rival pirates. However, this report was denied by the pirates, instead saying that they were celebrating Eid ul-Fitr, and were "happy on the ship" and were "celebrating."
International reactions.
Russia, Somalia, Ukraine, the United Kingdom, the United States, and NATO cooperated to try to recover the ship. Kenya said that it will refuse to cooperate or negotiate with the pirates.
This incident and further hijackings, has renewed international efforts to stem Somalian piracy. On 7 October 2008, because of the rise in hijacks — besides the "Faina", some eleven other vessels are hijacked — the United Nations Security Council adopted resolution 1838, which ""calls upon all states interested in the security of maritime activities to take part actively in the fight against piracy on the high seas off the coast of Somalia, in particular by deploying naval vessels and military aircraft."" NATO has authorized a force of frigates to patrol Somalia's waters, India has fired on a pirate ship, and the coast of Somalia will soon be blockaded by navies of many nations.
Puntland Minister of Fisheries Ahmed Said Aw-nur advocated storming the "Faina" with European or American commandos, saying, "military operation has to be taken." On 1 October, Mohammed Jammer Ali, the acting Somalian Foreign Minister, said, "[the international community has permission to fight with the pirates." The Somalian insurgency group Al-Shabaab advised the pirates to "either burn down the ship and its arms or sink it" if the ransom was not paid.
Hostage revolt.
On Tuesday, 9 December 2008, the pirates holding the ship and its crew hostage told the AFP that two of the hostages had tried to unsuccessfully revolt against the pirates the previous Monday. This revolt was put down shortly after, and the spokesman for the pirates reported that they would take "serious punitive measures" against the crewmembers. However, the account of the pirates concerning the revolt was disputed by Mikhail Voitenko, a writer for the Russian Sovfracht Maritime Bulletin, who called the story a "canard" and "threat" that was meant to cover for the capture of two of the pirates from the "Faina" who were heading for shore by American forces and the failed bid of the pirates to convince the intermediaries and the ship owner to speak to the Americans and gain the captured pirates' release.
Release.
On 5 February 2009 the MV "Faina" was released after being held captive for 5 months. The remaining crew of 20 were freed along with the ship and are reported by the Ukrainian presidency as being healthy and safe. A ransom of US$3,200,000 was paid on 4 February 2009 by the ship's mysterious owners. The pirates left the vessel early next day stating that the release had been delayed for one hour, but the ship was eventually released. The ship arrived to its destination, the Port of Mombasa, on 12 February 2009, where the cargo was unloaded. The body of the captain was taken to a local morgue awaiting a shipment to Russia.
An inquiry by the Kenyan parliamentary Defence and Foreign Relations Committee failed to determine the destination of the cargo. The chairman of the committee Adan Keynan criticised the Kenyan Ministry of Defense for noncooperation and secret-keeping.
A classified cable from the US Embassy in Kyiv on 9 November 2009, released through WikiLeaks, documents a meeting about the destination of the Faina's cargo stating "Van Diepen, regretting that the GOU of Ukraine had forced him to do so, showed the Ukrainians cleared satellite imagery of T-72 tanks unloaded in Kenya, transferred to railyards for onward shipment, and finally in South Sudan. This led to a commotion on the Ukrainian side." and concludes that "Nykonenko said that Ukraine would study this situation in the light of a partner relationship so hat(sic) the U.S. would know that Ukraine is a reliable partner."

</doc>
<doc id="19553124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553124" title="Laboratory of Nano and Quantum Engineering">
Laboratory of Nano and Quantum Engineering

The Laboratory of Nano and Quantum Engineering (LNQE) is an interdisciplinary research center for nanotechnology of the University of Hanover in Germany.
Goals.
The Laboratory of Nano and Quantum Engineering (LNQE) is an interdisciplinary research center of the Leibniz Universität Hannover in the field of nanotechnology. Substantive goals are both excellent basic research as well as application-oriented engineering at the nanoscale accompanied by appropriate cross-disciplinary training. To achieve its objectives the LNQE has its own research building in Hanover, with laboratories, equipment, etc., and especially clean rooms.
Members.
The LNQE comprises 29 work groups from natural science and engineering of the Leibniz University of Hanover. It is led at least by an executive board of four members which nominate a speaker from their middle. The executive board is supported by the LNQE-Office. 
Location overview of the participating members/institutes with Google-Maps.
Research.
The collective term nanotechnology describes the study and manipulation of objects at smallest sizes. In general, the nanotechnology deals with structures ranging in size from 1-100 nanometers in at least one spatial direction. 100 nanometers are roughly one-thousandth of the diameter of a normal human hair. With these small dimensions surface properties come to the fore compared with the bulk properties of materials and also often quantum effects has to be taken into account. Nanotechnology is the technology of small things with new features and functionalities. 
Nano engineering is the engineering on the nanoscale, i.e., the selective artificial fabrication of nanotechnology structures such as tiny transistors on computer chips. The with nano engineering closely related term quantum engineering aims to produce and manipulate a defined quantum state, such as the realization of a Bose-Einstein condensate or an electronic device with adjusted electron spin. The size of such systems is also often in the nanometer range. 
Nanomaterials of various shapes, composition and size in the nanometer range are produced and analyzed in the laboratory. Nanoparticles have due to their small size special chemical and physical properties that differ significantly from the properties of macroscopic particles and solids. The cause therefore is the large ratio of surface to volume of the nanoparticles, so that they strongly interact with their environment. Added where appropriate quantum mechanical effects. 
The structure size of electrical devices on a computer chip are much smaller than 100 nanometers today. The construction of the structures remained almost unchanged in recent years, only the structure size was reduced gradually in the different technology generations. Processor technology with dimensions of 25 nanometers are already used today. It is assumed for quite some time, that this constantly scaling will encounter its physical limits very soon. Therefore new, revolutionary concepts are explored to reduce the feature size further.
Education.
Activities in education: 
Scientific New Build LNQE.
The scientific new build stands in the middle of the Nordstadt, the university area of Hanover/Germany, at Schneiderberg 38, 30167 Hannover, Germany. The scientific building has 430 sqm of chemical, measurement and laser laboratories. 410 sqm are a research clean room and 509 sqm are workrooms for 44 staff members. The costs are approx. 14 Mio Euros. After successful evaluation by the German Wissenschaftsrat it gets federal grants. The project management was does by public project management Hannover, the planning was done by the architecture office KSP Jürgen Engel. The building was opened in November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19553126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553126" title="Chemistry Quality Eurolabels">
Chemistry Quality Eurolabels

The Chemistry Quality Eurolabels or European Quality Labels in Chemistry (Labels européens de Qualité en Chimie) is a marketing scheme for chemistry degrees at institutions located within the 45 countries involved in the Bologna process. Labels are awarded to qualifying institutions under the names are Eurobachelor and Euromaster, as well as the proposed Eurodoctorate.
It is a framework which is supported by EuCheMS, and the labels are awarded by ECTN. The project is supported by the European Commission (EC) through its SOCRATES programme. The purpose of the framework is to "promote recognition of first and second cycle degrees within the 45 countries involved in the Bologna process".
History.
European Union promoted the Bologna process and the creation of a single European higher education area, both of which require mobility of graduates across Europe.
ECTN (European Chemistry Thematic Network) worked in the EU project "Tuning Educational Structures in Europe" and developed Eurobachelor, a framework for a first cycle qualification (first degree) in chemistry. EuCheMS approved Eurobachelor in October 2003.
In June 2004 the Bologna process seminar "Chemistry Studies in the European Higher Education Area" approved Eurobachelor.
Label committees.
The label committee members are as follows:
Eurobachelor.
Eurobachelor is a registered trademark and an initiative adopted by the EuCheMS General Assembly in 2003. It is associated with the Chemistry Quality Eurolabels. As of 8 April 2013, 60 Eurobachelor quality labels have been awarded. The label is intended for first cycle qualifications (bachelor's degrees).
Eurobachelor is based on 180 ECTS (European credits), which is comparable to the three-year British degrees, but it does not include the British concepts of honours degrees and ordinary degrees
Euromaster.
Euromaster is a registered trademark and an initiative adopted by the EuCheMS General Assembly in 2005. It is associated with the Chemistry Quality Eurolabels. As of 8 April 2013, 36 Euromaster quality labels have been awarded. The label is intended for master's degrees.
Euromaster, introduced after Eurobachelor, is intended for second cycle qualifications (postgraduate degrees)
Eurodoctorate.
Eurodoctorate is associated with the Chemistry Quality Eurolabels. As of 8 April 2013, 1 Eurodoctorate quality label was awarded. The label is intended for third cycle qualifications (i.e. doctoral degrees).
The Tuning Chemistry Subject Area Group (Tuning SAG) discussed with a working party of ECTN (European Chemistry Thematic Network Association) in a meeting held in February 2006 in Helsinki, Finland, taking into account the declarations of the Bergen Communiqué 2005. The EHEA Overarching Framework, which was approved by the Ministers of Education of European Union member states in Bergen uses the Dublin descriptors and Tuning SAG decided to use the Dublin descriptors to form a new set of descriptors, the Budapest descriptors for third cycle qualifications.
The Chemistry Eurodoctorate Framework version 1 was published in November 2006.
Awarded labels.
As of 8 April 2013, 60 Eurobachelor, 36 Euromaster, and 1 Eurodoctorate labels have been awarded to 52 institutions and 3 consortia from 20 countries.
The countries that have been awarded labels include:

</doc>
<doc id="19553143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553143" title="Giovanni Bia">
Giovanni Bia

Giovanni Bia (born 24 October 1968) is a former Italian footballer who played the role of defender.
He made his debut in Serie A on April 5, 1992 for Parma against Cagliari in a 1-1 draw. He also played for Napoli, Inter, Bologna, Udinese and Brescia. In the 1992/93 season, he played in Serie B with Cosenza. It was a very successful season that proved to be a breakthrough for Bia when he was recruited by Napoli, whose manager at the time was Marcello Lippi. His most successful seasons were probably from 1995 to 1997 when he played for Udinese, under the guidance of Alberto Zaccheroni, and also the three seasons he played for Bologna. In his career he also wore the colours of Perugia (Serie C1 and C2), Trento (C1) and Reggiana (C1), in addition to that of Ligue 2 side Saint Etienne in France.
In total, he made 194 appearances in Serie A, scoring 15 goals.
He is currently the agent of players such as Luca Cigarini, Daniele Dessena and Federico Macheda.

</doc>
<doc id="19553150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553150" title="Environment Prize (German Environment Foundation)">
Environment Prize (German Environment Foundation)

The Bundesstiftung Umwelt Environment Prize ("German environment prize") is a prize awarded in Germany. Worth 500000 € it is the most valuable in Europe from an environmental foundation.
The "Bundesstiftung Umwelt" foundation is based in Osnabrück, the prize has been awarded since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19553164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553164" title="Tangwani">
Tangwani

Tangwani (), is a small town and a tehsil in the Kashmor District of Sindh, Pakistan. It is located at 28°17'0N 69°0'0E with an altitude of 69 metres (229 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19553179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553179" title="List of islands called Linga">
List of islands called Linga

This list of islands called Linga provides an index for islands in Scotland with this and similar names.
Linga (Northern Isles) (sometimes Lingay and Lingeigh in the Hebrides) is an extremely common name for Scottish islands and occurs most frequently in Shetland. It is derived from the old Norse "lyngey" meaning "heather island". The Scottish Gaelic equivalent is "Fraoch Eilean" or "Eilean an Fhraoich".
Similar names.
There are also a number of Scottish islands with similar names e.g. 

</doc>
<doc id="19553185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553185" title="Thaddeus Lynch">
Thaddeus Lynch

Thaddeus Lynch (1901 – 25 October 1966) was an Irish Fine Gael politician and auctioneer. He first stood for election at the 1952 Waterford by-election but was unsuccessful. He was first elected as a Fine Gael Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford constituency at the 1954 general election. He was re-elected at each subsequent general election until his death in 1966. The by-election caused by his death was won by Fad Browne of Fianna Fáil.
In 1964, he proposed that boxwood cuttings from the U.S. state of Virginia be planted in the memorial park to honour John F. Kennedy then being planned for Wexford.

</doc>
<doc id="19553192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553192" title="Libythea labdaca">
Libythea labdaca

Libythea labdaca the African Snout Butterfly is a member of the butterfly subfamily Libytheinae found in Western and Central Africa.
It forms vast migratory swarms (over 1 billion butterflies were estimated in Ghana). The butterflies move south in the Spring and north in the Autumn.
The larvae feed on "Celtis" species (including "Celtis kraussiana" and " C. sayauxii").

</doc>
<doc id="19553195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553195" title="Bijarani Buledi">
Bijarani Buledi

Bijarani () is a clan of the Buledi (Burdi) tribe, a Baloch people, in Balochistan and Sindh, Pakistan.
History.
It has been stated that the Baloch migrated from Aleppo, northern Syria in 2nd century after Hijra, they started migrating to the south of Caspian Sea and later on settled in the mountainous regions of Balochistan.
When Baloch entered Makran, they settled in the village namely Buleda (now Buleda is a tehsil of District Turbat in Makran Division of Balochistan). At that time, Balochs comprised about 44 sub-clans and Mir Jalal Khan was their chieftain (Sardar). Mir Jalal Khan, son of Mir Jiand the first, is said to have been the Grand Ruler over all the Balochis. He has a prestigious position in Balochs of Balochistan for being the ancestor of most famous baloch tribes i.e. Buledi, Rind, Lashari, Korai, Hooth, Jatoi, Marri, Bugti, Khosa, Leghari, Bozdar, Magsi, Chandio etc.
After few decades, Baloch started to migrate from Buleda to central parts of Balochistan presently Kalat, Bolan, and Kachhi areas. But the descendents of Mir Jalal Khan, lived about five hundred years continuously in Buleda and got the name of Buledi for this reason. After few centuries some groups of this large tribe Buledis also started to migrate from Buleda to Bolan and Kachhi areas now in Balochistan and then to the upper parts of Sindh presently Jacobabad, Tangwani, Kandhkot and Kashmore.
Clans.
There are 7 Baloch Sardar's (Chieftains) among Buledis, namely Bijarani, Sundrani, Suhriani, Teghani, Pitafi, Hajija, and remaining Buledis in Buleda. Among all the seven above mentioned groups, 'Bijarani' is the largest clan of Buledis, commanding 37 tribes on both sides of the border. All the tribes which come under the command of 'Bijarani' are called Burdi. The chieftain, Sardar, of this tribe commands about 15 sub-clans of Buledis, namely Nindwani, Gajani, Bakhrani, Bahlkani, Dahani, Bajkani, Gujrani, Banglani, Jaffery, Kanrani, Kambrani, Gadihi, and some Baloch (Jamote) tribes. Nearly 90% of Bijaranis live in tehsils Tangwani & Kandhkot of district Kashmore and some live in Jacobabad, Shikarpur Districts and also in parts of Balochistan. There are about 149 villages of Bijaranis in Sindh and Balouchistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19553205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553205" title="List of Wests Tigers players">
List of Wests Tigers players

This article lists all rugby league footballers who have played first-grade for the Wests Tigers. Players are listed according to the date of their debut game for the club. Players that debuted in the same game are normally capped in order of which position they played in the game, but order is at club discretion.
"Statistics correct as of 8 September 2013".
List of players.
1 – "Previous Club refers to any previous first-grade rugby league club and does not refer to any junior club or Rugby Union club. Debut refers to a player's debut in first-grade rugby league."
2 - "Mosese Fotuaika was capped at 155 despite never playing a first-grade game, in honour of him after his death."

</doc>
<doc id="19553232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553232" title="Carnes">
Carnes

Carnes is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19553237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553237" title="Emanuele Brioschi">
Emanuele Brioschi

Emanuele Brioschi (born in Milan, 23 June 1975) is an Italian football defender.
His professional career began in Serie A with Bari in the 1993–94 season, and he later played with Venezia (1998–2000) and Bologna (2000–2002) for a total of 107 matches. He scored three goals, all with Bologna.

</doc>
<doc id="19553249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553249" title="Hans Gabriel Nissen Buck">
Hans Gabriel Nissen Buck

Hans Gabriel Nissen Buck (2 May 1848 – 21 May 1924) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Conservative Party.
Born in Innerøya as the son of captain Jørgen Mandix Buck (1814–1878) and his wife Fredrikke Gebhardine Nissen (1822–1902), he enrolled as a student in 1867 and graduated as cand.med. in 1874. He first opened his own physician's office in Fredrikstad, but then worked as municipal physician in Stor-Elvdal, in Sparbu, Stod and Egge from 1878, in Undal from 1885, in Trondenes from 1895 and in Levanger from 1906. In 1912 he was appointed county physician of Nordre Trondhjems amt.
Where he lived, he became involved in politics. He became mayor of Harstad in 1904. He was deputy mayor of Levanger in 1910, 1911 and 1915, and mayor in 1912, 1913 and 1914. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway during the term 1916–1918. From 1922 to 1924 he was burgomaster of Levanger.

</doc>
<doc id="19553257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553257" title="RF monitor software">
RF monitor software

RF monitor software is a software which (with special hardware as a WiFi-card) is able to detect signal strength and bit error rate of wireless networks. The software includes network discovery software programs as KIsmet and Network stumbler, yet these latter provide much more information about the network itself, and are not as precise as true RF monitor software. The extra precision is especially useful in cooperation with a directional antenna (e.g. cantennas).
Notable software.
Some notable programs are:

</doc>
<doc id="19553260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553260" title="Herend Porcelain Manufactory">
Herend Porcelain Manufactory

The Herend Porcelain Manufactory (Hungarian: "Herendi Porcelánmanufaktúra Zrt.") is a Hungarian manufacturing company, specializing in luxury hand painted and gilded porcelain. Founded in 1826, it is based in the town of Herend near the city of Veszprém.
In the mid-19th century it was purveyor to the Habsburg Dynasty and aristocratic customers throughout Europe. Many of its classic patterns are still in production.
After the fall of Communism in Hungary the factory was privatised and is now 75% owned by its management and workers. As of 2006, the factory is profitable and exports to over 60 countries of the world. Its main markets are Italy, Japan, Russia and the US.
History.
The factory at Herend was founded in 1826 by Vince Stingl as an earthenware pottery manufacturing factory, but also he had been carrying out research experiments on porcelain making. Stingl ran out of funds and subsequently went bankrupt, his creditor Mór Fischer took control of the factory in 1839. The new owner of the manufactory, Mór Fischer, being very ambitious and having new ideas, started artistic porcelain manufacturing in the same year. At that time it was almost impossible to replace broken pieces and supply old, classical porcelain dinner-sets from the Far East and from Europe, but Mór Fischer's efforts met the support of the Hungarian aristocracy already in 1840.
The artistic demand, the effort of manufacturing the first true pieces in Herend succeeded in a very short time. The First Hungarian Applied Art Exhibition, the Vienna Exhibition in 1845, the Great Exhibition in London, 1851, the Exhibition of the Industry of All Nations in New York, 1853 and the Exposition Universelle in Paris, 1855, brought the highest appreciation for Herend. This appreciation appears in the orders made on behalf of several royal courts (Queen Victoria, Francis Joseph I., Maximillian, Mexican emperor etc.).
The name of well-known patterns refer to the first customers (Queen Victoria, Esterházy, Batthyány, Rothschild, Apponyi). In 1865 Francis Joseph I gave noble title to Mór Fischer, appreciating his results and work in porcelain art. From 1872 Mór Fischer Farkasházy, Purveyor to the Royal Court, was entitled to use the shapes and patterns of the Manufactory of Vienna, which had closed down. That was the first golden age of Herend.
In 1874 Mór Fischer gave the management of the manufactory to his sons. After this, the level of production started to decline, due to repressing the artistic aspests. The factory had several owners, and went almost bankrupt as a result of withdrawing from the artistic aspects. Development came only at the end of the century, when the grandson of the founder, Jeno Farkasházy, became the owner of the factory. Jeno Farkasházy was a trained ceramist, who gained experience in foreign factories and wanted to follow the founder's concepts. Having excellent taste, he gave new life to traditions and in addition, introduced novelties in 1900 Paris and 1901 St. Petersburg.
Between the two world wars, limited reproduction of traditional products, from the age of Mór Fischer, was continued. Hungarian figures were also manufactured, after the work of the best Hungarian sculptors.
In 1948 the company was nationalised. In 1993 it was privatised, and 75% is now owned by the management and workers. The mission of the Herend Porcelain Manufactory Ltd. is to maintain its position as a profitable enterprise on the leading edge of production of hand-crafted luxury porcelain goods of outstanding quality, nurturing the history and traditions of artisanship, providing a secure, long-term workplace for its skilled employees.
Products.
Herend products are made from hard-paste porcelain using a mixture of kaolin, feldspar and quartz.
After cleaning, decorating and drying, it is first fired at 830 degrees Celsius. The fired pieces are then immersed in a glaze and fired again, this time at 1410 degrees Celsius. This results in white, translucent porcelain. At this stage it is ready for painting by hand and then, depending whether it has been painted with colours or with gold, it is finished off with one or two more firings.
The design artists, potters, painters and modellers add the value that has won this porcelain 24 grand and gold prizes in world exhibitions between 1851 and 1937. Perhaps the most well known Herend pattern was presented at the London World Exhibition in 1851, the Chinese-style butterflies and flowery branches painted in joyful, lively colours. The British Queen, Victoria, ordered a dinner set with its gold medal-winning pattern for Windsor Castle. Hence the pattern's name "Viktória".
The Herend Porcelain Manufactory was purveyor to the Habsburg Dynasty and the aristocracy, both in Hungary and abroad. The factory consciously preserves traditions and therefore the quality of Herend Porcelain is consistent.
Museum.
The company operates the Porcelain Museum of Herend at its site. The museum opened to visitors in 1964 and was chosen as the museum of the year 2002 in Hungary. The Museum presents the history of and the technology used by the Herend porcelain factory and working displays take visitors through the entire process of creating Herend porcelain.

</doc>
<doc id="19553273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553273" title="S. P. Venkatesh">
S. P. Venkatesh

S. P. Venkatesh is a music director and composer popular for his works in the Malayalam film industry. His father Pazhani was an accomplished Mandolin player.During his early days S.P.Venkatesh used to be adept at playing Guitar,Banjo and Mandolin.He was an assistant music director to Shyam and Raveendran Master during his early days. S. P. Venkatesh was introduced into the Malayalam film industry by Dennis Joseph. The major break for S. P. Venkatesh came in the form of the film "Rajavinte Makan", directed by Thampi Kannanthanam. The film's songs turned out to be big hits. From then on he became an integral part of Thampi's ventures. It was Thampi kannanthanam who exploited the musical talents of S.P.Venaktesh which resulted in a series of musical hit albums during the nineties. He soon became one of the top music directors of the early and mid-nineties. "Indrajaalam", "Kilukkam", "Minnaram", "Sphadikam", "Dhruvam", "Kauravar", "No.20 Madras Mail", "Manthrikam" were among the influential film scores he created.
He made extensive use of acouttic guitar, bass guitar and violin orchestra in his song compositions and synth-based orchestra fused with traditional strings in his background scores. He was able to create an identity of his own through his compositions. He has also handled the orchestration for many other music directors.
In 1993 he won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Music Director for his work in "Paithrukam" and "Janam"
His ability to emotionally enhance scenes through background music was widely appreciated. He was known for composing extremely scintillating background scores at lighting speeds. He also composed background scores for films for which songs were composed by other composers. These include cult-classics like Devasuram, Thenmavin Kombath etc. 
In spite of all these he is one of the most under rated music director of his time.For some reason the name S.P.Ventakesh never became a household name like Raveendran Master,Mohan Sithara, Master Johnson. He has also scored for some Bollywood and Bengali films

</doc>
<doc id="19553294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553294" title="Jarmo Viteli">
Jarmo Viteli

Jarmo Viteli is a Finnish academic, and researcher, a professor at the University of Tampere and director of Hypermedia Lab. He speaks about digital media, e-learning and social media. Viteli was the leader of the eTampere program in 2001-2005. He was one of the first academics to combine social media into the research and education in Finland.
Biography.
Viteli lives in Hämeenlinna with his wife and children. He has worked with Unesco in Namibia to improve the local information society. Now he works as the evaluator when the pean Union decides which projects to fund. He has evaluated projects with the theme Technology Enhanced Learning.
Viteli is one of the specialists Information Society Council in Finland uses. He also manages two national conferences MindTrek and Interactive Technology in Education.
When off duty, Viteli sings in a band called Digiveikot.
Viteli has written academic papers.
External links.
World Conference on Educational Multimedia, Hypermedia and Telecommunications (EDMEDIA) 1998:1

</doc>
<doc id="19553298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553298" title="Timeline of Bihar">
Timeline of Bihar


</doc>
<doc id="19553302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553302" title="Fiat Automobiles">
Fiat Automobiles

Fiat Automobiles S.p.A. is an Italian automaker which produces Fiat branded cars, and is part of Fiat Group Automobiles S.p.A.. This is a subsidiary of Fiat S.p.A., the largest automobile manufacturer in Italy. The company, Fiat Automobiles S.p.A., was formed in January 2007 when Fiat reorganized its automobile business, and traces its history back to 1899 when the first Fiat, or Fabbrica Italiana Automobili Torino automobile, was produced.
Fiat in Europe.
Fiat's main market is European one, mainly focused in Italy. Historically successful in citycars and supermini sector, currently Fiat has a range of models focused on those two segments (in 2011, those accounted for the 84% of its sales). Fiat does not currently offer any Large Family Car, nor Executive Car.
Fiat's share of the European market shrank from 9.4 per cent in 2000 to 5.8 per cent in the summer of 2004. At this point Sergio Marchionne was appointed as Fiat Chief Executive. By March 2009 their market share had expanded back to 9.1%.
Current range of models is the following:
Future models announced by Fiat include the 500L Mini MPV to be launched during 2013 and the 500X in 2014 to replace the Sedici.
Fiat sales of 2011 were up to 676.704 (minus 17.3% vs. previous year):
Light Commercial Vehicles are sold in Europe under the brand Fiat Professional.
Fiat in South America.
Fiat has invested for a longtime in South America, mainly in Brazil (where has been the market leader for many years) and in Argentina.
The Brazilian range is similar to European one, with the addition of a special family which derives from a common platform (called "Project 178"): Fiat Palio, Fiat Palio Weekend, Fiat Palio Adventure, Fiat Siena, Fiat Grand Siena.
Recently a brand new model developed in Brazil has been launched: the Fiat Uno.
Other European models are currently imported to Brazil: Fiat Punto, Fiat Idea, Fiat Bravo, Fiat 500, Fiat Freemont, Fiat Linea.
Fiat sells in Brazil under the Fiat brand, European Fiat Professional light commercial vehicles as:
Fiat in the United States.
Fiat has a long history in United States. In 1908, the Fiat Automobile Co. was established in the country and a plant in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., began producing Fiats a year later. These luxury cars were produced long before Chrysler Corp. started in 1925.
Fiat was sometimes used as a jocular backronym for 'Fix it again Tony', referring to poor reliability and problems, such as rust, which some Fiat owners in the United States encountered in the 1970s and 1980s. Partly as a result, Fiat sales in the US fell from a high of 100,511 cars in 1975 to 14,113 in 1982.
In 1983, Fiat left the United States car market with a reputation for poor quality cars. However, Fiat has made significant improvements since then.
In January 2009, the Fiat Group acquired a 20% stake in US automaker Chrysler LLC. The deal saw the return of the Fiat brand to North America after a 25-year absence. The first Fiat-branded model to appear in the US was the popular Fiat 500 city car. The Fiat 500 model is built at Chrysler's assembly plant in Toluca, Mexico which currently makes also the Dodge Journey and Fiat Freemont crossovers.
Fiat in Asia.
Fiat's presence in Chinese market is poor compared to its European, Japanese, Korean and American rivals. At the beginning of 2012, Fiat was only importing Fiat Bravo and Fiat 500 model. However, in 2012 Fiat and GAC opened a Joint Venture plant to produce the first Fiat vehicle specifically developed for Chinese market ever: the Fiat Viaggio, a compact car derived by another model of Fiat SpA group, the Dodge Dart (in turn derived by another Fiat Group car, the Alfa Romeo Giulietta).
Fiat is also present in Indian market since 1948. Current presence is in Joint Venture with Tata Motors, although current car sales (Fiat is currently offering the Fiat Punto and Fiat Linea) are poor (approx. 20k units in 2011).
Western countries markets models.
The Fiat 500 (, ) is a car produced by the Fiat company of Italy between 1957 and 1975, with limited production of the Fiat 500 K estate continuing until 1977. The car was designed by Dante Giacosa. Redesigned in 2007, it is currently distributed worldwide.
The Fiat Panda is a city car from the Italian automotive manufacturer Fiat. Current version is the third one distributed as from 2012.
The third generation Fiat supermini to bear the name Punto, codenamed Project 199, the Grande Punto was unveiled at the 2005 Frankfurt Motor Show and went on sale later that year. Styled by Giugiaro, the car is based on the Fiat/GM SCCS platform. Whilst the model shares some of its name with the previous Punto, a large number of its components are new, including a new chassis and body shell. After facelift in 2009 it was named as Punto Evo and sold as bare Punto name.
The Fiat Bravo is a small family car that has been produced since 2007 for the European and Australian markets. It is only available as a 5-door hatchback.
The Fiat 500L enlarges, as from September 2012, the Fiat 500 family with a Mini MPV which replace the Fiat Idea. The model is produced in the new Fiat plant in Serbia. The platform is the same of the Fiat Punto.
The Fiat Sedici is a mini sport utility vehicle co-developed by Fiat and Suzuki mainly for the European market. It was introduced at the 2006 Geneva Motor Show, and is built at the Magyar Suzuki plant in Hungary. The expected production volume is 60,000 units per year, 1/3 to be sold by Fiat and 2/3 by Suzuki, badged as the SX4. The Design was handled by Giorgetto Giugiaro's Italdesign studio, and it is an alternative to mini multi-purpose vehicles (MPV), which have a more "boxy" appearance.
Introduced in 2011 to replace Fiat Multipla, and according to the manufacturer, also the last version of the Fiat Croma. It is a rebadging of the Dodge Journey, following the Cooperation with Chrysler.
Emerging markets (production in Europe).
The Fiat Albea is the sedan version of the Fiat Palio small family car, built in Turkey at the Tofaş facilities of the Italian automaker Fiat.
The Fiat Linea is a small family car released on March 26, 2007 by the Italian automaker Fiat as a world car in Eastern Europe, India, Latin America and Middle East. The Linea is also sold in Western Europe.
Emerging markets (production in South America).
The Fiat Palio is a supermini designed by Fiat as a world car, aimed at developing countries. The Palio Weekend is a small family car station wagon; an extended version of the hatchback Palio.
The Fiat Siena is the four-door sedan version of the Fiat Palio, a small family car especially designed for developing countries. The car is similar to Fiat Albea.
European Cars of the Year.
The European Car of the Year award has been awarded twelve times to the Fiat Group over the last forty years, more than any other manufacturer. Nine of these awards were won by Fiat Automobiles models. Fiat models awarded the title:
CO2 emissions.
Fiat Automobiles, one of Europe's 10 best-selling automotive brands, has for the second year running been confirmed as having the lowest average value for CO2 emissions from vehicles sold in 2008: 133.7 g/km (137.3 g/km in 2007). This was corroborated by JATO, a provider of automotive data.
Electric vehicles.
Fiat started development of electric vehicles back in the mid 1970s, with the concept Fiat X1/23. More recently in 2008, Fiat showed the Phylla concept, and the Fiat Bugster concept in Brazil.
Some Fiat vehicles are converted to all-electric by Micro-Vett: Fiat Doblò, Fiat Fiorino Cargo Electric and Fiat 500 (NICE/Fiat Micro-Vett e500).
Fiat is joining utility companies Cemig and Itaipu to develop new electric vehicles for Brazil, with an initial batch of Fiat Palio cars scheduled to start testing later 2007.
Motorsport.
In 1971 the Fiat 124 Sport Spider was prepared for the World Rally Championship when Abarth became involved with its production and development and from 1972 had relative success with two wins in 1972, one in 1973 and won 1st, 2nd and 3rd in the 1974 Portuguese TAP Rally.
The Fiat 131 Abarth was a very successful rally car replacing the 124. Between 1976 and 1981 the Fiat 131 won 18 World Rally Championship events, and winning the WRC three times: in 1977, 1978, and in 1980.
Lancia took over the role of motorsport for the Fiat Group during the 1980s. After a long break of factory-supported entries, in 2003 a Fiat Punto S1600 won the Italian Rally Championship, and 2006 the Fiat Grande Punto S2000 won the FIA European Rally Championship, followed by three successive wins in 2009, 2010 and 2011.
Marketing.
Logo.
In 1999 the wreath style logo was re-introduced to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the company.
Motor Village and Flagship stores.
Fiat launched its Motor Village flagship stores concept in 2006 with its Mirafiori Motor Village in Turin, followed by London's Flagship store in Wigmore Street opening in 2008 and Paris opening in 2010 on the Champs-Élysées.
BSM-Fiat deal.
In 2009, BSM (the British School of Motoring) ended a 16-year relationship with Vauxhall Motors and signed a deal with Fiat UK to swap its learner vehicle from the Vauxhall Corsa to the new Fiat 500. Fiat UK will supply 14,000 cars to BSM over four years in a marketing deal.

</doc>
<doc id="19553315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553315" title="Ove Christian Charlot Klykken">
Ove Christian Charlot Klykken

Ove Christian Charlot Beck Klykken (1862 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
Born in Skogn, he married Sofie Bull from Nordkapp and settled in Lebesby, working as a merchant.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament for the term 1900–1903, representing the rural constituency Finmarkens Amt. He only sat through one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19553356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553356" title="Alessandro Dal Canto">
Alessandro Dal Canto

Alessandro Dal Canto (Castelfranco Veneto, 10 March 1975) is an Italian former association football player and currently coach.
Playing career.
He started his professional career with Juventus F.C., with whom he played three Serie A games.
He successively joined Vicenza of Serie B, where he played a total 35 matches. He then moved to Torino F.C. for a short time, playing 16 games in the top flight before returning at Vicenza, and then moving to Venezia, where he spent three impressive seasons.
After a short period with Bologna, Dal Canto returned again at Vicenza, where he also had the chance to establish himself at the European level.
The defender was one of the first Italian to play in Eastern Europe, specifically in Russia with Uralan Elista in 2003. This was followed by a fourth and final comeback at Vicenza, with 11 appearances. He then played at Serie B and Serie C1 level with Catanzaro, Perugia, AlbinoLeffe and Treviso.
He was also part of the Padania football selection in the VIVA World Cup 2008.
Coaching career.
After retiring as a footballer, Dal Canto took over at Padova, becoming the club's new under-19 youth coach. On 15 March 2011 Dal Canto was appointed temporary head coach of Padova, following the dismissal of head coach Alessandro Calori. In his first game in charge of the first team, he guided Padova to its first away win of the season, defeating Pescara 2–0. Club chairman Marcello Cestaro successively confirmed him as Padova head coach until the end of next season 2011-12.

</doc>
<doc id="19553396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553396" title="Peder Klykken">
Peder Klykken

Peder Klykken (29 November 1772 - 22 January 1861) was a Norwegian politician.
Born in Overhalla, he was appointed district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") in Lofoten in May 1809. While stationed here, he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1818, representing the rural constituency Nordlands Amt. By 1819 he had left Lofoten.
He instead became district stipendiary magistrate in "Størdalen og Værdalen" (today named Stjørdalen and Verdal). He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1821–1823, and was elected one final time in 1827, both times representing the rural constituency Nordre Throndhjems Amt.

</doc>
<doc id="19553402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553402" title="QF 4 inch naval gun Mk IV, XII, XXII">
QF 4 inch naval gun Mk IV, XII, XXII

The QF 4-inch gun Mk IV was introduced in 1911 as a faster-loading light gun successor to the BL 4 inch Mk VIII gun, and was the main gun on most Royal Navy and British Empire destroyers in World War I.
Mk IV gun.
Mk IV armed many British destroyers and some cruisers in World War I.
It was used to arm merchant ships in World War II.
The guns armed the following warships :
Mk XII and XXII submarine gun.
The Mk XII variant was developed for arming submarines from 1918, Mk XXII was developed to arm submarines during World War II. These submarine guns fired a heavier 35-pound projectile from late 1944.
Mk XII and XXII equipped :

</doc>
<doc id="19553415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553415" title="Anglo Marri wars">
Anglo Marri wars

The Anglo Marri wars were three major military conflicts between the Marri Baluch tribesmen in the independent eastern Baluch tribal belt of what is now called North-Eastern region of Baluchistan Pakistan and the British Empire in 19th and 20th century.
In these wars, the battle grounds mostly were in the hilly tribal areas of Kohistan-e-Marri and adjacent localities. These areas now comes under the administration control of Kohlu, Sibi, Bolan, Barkhan, Nasirabad and Dera Bugti districts of Baluchistan province.
First Anglo Marri war - 1840.
Scenario.
In the 4th decade of 19th century; Baluches had almost lost their national identity after the martyrdom of Mir Mehrab Khan (Baloch ruler) and subsequent British suzerainty over Kalat State. In the same times, without the consultation and agreement from Baluches, a type of mutual understanding had been formalized between the Anglo Raj and kingdom of Iran for the distribution of Balochistan territories between them for the best of their greater and longer interest in the region. The peoples of Kalat State and Baluch tribesmen felt that the British and Iranians are become master of their fate. According to Mir Khuda Bakhsh Marri, the invasions of Kalat State and the martyrdom of Mir Mehrab Khan at the hands of the British Army no doubt opened the doors of Balochistan to active British interference in political as well as military affairs and finally introduced British suzerainty, but at the same time, it generated reactionary feelings of nationalism among the Baluches.
Cause.
The relations of Marri with the British commenced in 1840 CE with attacks made on the communications of Sir John Keane's army, after it had passed through the Bolan Pass. In March 1840 CE, Sir John Keane had decided that there is a dire need to capture the Kahan and its fort from Marri tribesmen.
Battles of Kahan.
An attempt was made by British Forces to punish the tribe, which ended in disastrous failure. Major Claiborne was repulsed in an attempt to storm the Naffusak Pass, losing 179 killed and 92 wounded out of 650. Many of his force died of heat and thirst. The fort of Kahan, which he was trying to relieve at the time, was forced to capitulate with the honors of war.
Aftermath.
The First Anglo Marri war proved to be a disastrous campaign for the Anglo forces. Although they held remain occupant in the fort of Kahan through whole of time but in efforts to establish a proper safe passage to Kahan and continuous reinforcing the Kahan Regiment in a form of fresh food and blood, they had got the taste of failure. On the other side, Marri tribesmen had faced no such difficulties in their chain of supplies in the area. They were the native of the region and they were very well aware about the terrain of their hilly areas and they played as according to their planning.
After this war, in 1843 CE, Marri once again gone in uprising against the British forces and they gave much trouble. This time, the cause of clashes was the occupancy of Sindh by the forces of British Empire. Being a Baluch tribe, Marri feel worries about the fate of their neighboring state and their Baluch ruler. Richard Isaac Bruce wites about the Marris:
The Marris were considered absolutely incorrigible, and were proclaimed out lawed and blockaded on all sides. A proclamation was issued on the Sind Frontier offering a reward of ten rupees for the capture of any Marri.
Second Anglo Marri war - 1880.
In 1880 CE, during the Second Afghan War Marri tribesmen made frequent raids on the British line of communications, ending with the plunder of a treasure convoy. A force of 3070 British troops under Brigadier-General Macgregor marched through the country, and the tribe submitted and paid r1/4 lakh (£ 12,500) out of a fine of 2 lakhs (£20,000); they also gave hostages for their future good behavior.
Third Anglo Marri war - 1917.
During the World War I, the British Forces were facing a shortage of recruits for the war but Marri reluctant to join their ranks. Subsequently, clashes broke out in the tribal areas which lasted for many months under the leadership of Gen. Mir Khuda e Dad Khan Marri, the Grand father of Mir Surat Khan Marri, and embraced martyrdom including two of his younger brothers Mir Bevergh Khan Marri Grand father of Colonel Mir Sardar Khan Marri and Mir Nehalan Khan Marri,beside other Marri bravemen, who fought bravely till their death. Hundreds died from both side. At last Marri tribe agreed to support the British Forces and paid money in this regard but they refused to send their youth in the war for the sake of British crown.

</doc>
<doc id="19553424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553424" title="Ingvald Anker Andersen">
Ingvald Anker Andersen

Ingvald Anker Andersen (2 December 1866 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
Born in Trondhjem, he was a member of Trondhjem city council from 1916 to 1919. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1922–1924, representing the Market towns of Sør-Trøndelag and Nord-Trøndelag counties.
Outside of politics he worked as a saddle maker, inheriting his father's company.

</doc>
<doc id="19553430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553430" title="Null session">
Null session

A null session is an anonymous connection to a freely accessible network share called IPC$ on Windows-based servers. It allows immediate read and write access with Windows NT/2000 and read-access with Windows XP and 2003.
To establish such a connection from a DOS-prompt these commands can be used:
Regarding the possibilities from such a connection:

</doc>
<doc id="19553447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553447" title="Leif Georg Ferdinand Bang">
Leif Georg Ferdinand Bang

Leif Georg Ferdinand Bang (11 October 1881 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1922–1924, representing the Market towns of Møre og Romsdal county.
Born in Bergen, he was a typographer until 1910, when he became a police officer in Kristiansund. He was a member of Kristiansund city council from 1907 to 1928, serving as both deputy mayor and mayor for short periods. He was then burgomaster for three months in 1938. He returned as a council member in 1945.
As a police officer, he was a member of the national board of the trade union Norsk Politiforbund from 1914 to 1922. From 1922 he worked in the public assistance in his city.

</doc>
<doc id="19553450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553450" title="Jeshoreshwari Kali Temple">
Jeshoreshwari Kali Temple

Jeshoreshwari Kali Temple () is a famous Hindu temple in Bangladesh, dedicated to the goddess Kali. The temple is located in Ishwaripur, a village in Shyamnagar upazilla of Satkhira. The name "Jeshoreshwari" means "Goddess of Jeshore".
Legend.
Jeshoreshwari is regarded as one of the 51 Peeth of Sati; according to the belief, it is where the various parts of Sati's body are said to have fallen, in the course of Shiva's Rudra Tandava. Jeshoreshwari represents the site where the palm of Sati fell. Legend says that the General of Maharaja Pratapaditya discovered a luminant ray of light coming from the bushes, and came upon a piece of stone carved in the form of a human palm. Later, Pratapaditya started worshiping Kali, building the Jeshoreshwari Kali Temple. As to be the "Goddess of Jessore", it was named after Jessore.
The Jeshoreshwari Shrine as a Shakti Peeth.
Palms of hands and soles of the feet
"The mythology of Daksha yaga and Sati's self immolation" is the story behind the origin of Shakti Peethas. Shakti Peethas divine places or holy abode of the Mother Goddess(Parashakti). These shrines are believed to be sanctified with the presence of Shakti due to the falling of body parts of the corpse of Sati Devi, when Lord Shiva carried it and wandered throughout Aryavartha in sorrow. There are 51 Shakti Peeth located all around South Asia. Each temple have shrines for Shakti and Kalabhairava, The Shakti of this shrine is addressed as Jeshoreshwari and Bhairava as Chanda.
History.
It is believed to have created by a "brahman" named Anari. He created a 100-door temple for the Jeshoreshwari Peeth. But the timeline is not to be known. Later it has been renovated by Laxman Sen and Pratapaditya in their reigning periods.
Worship and rituals.
The temple is visited by pilgrims from all over, irrespective of sectarian differences. Worship is done by the priest every Saturday and Tuesday at noon time. But before 1971, there was daily routine of worship. Every year on the day of Kali puja, the present Caretakers of the temple conduct a ceremony. There is also a "Mela" taking place around the temple compound.
'Natmondir' and architecture.
A large rectangular covered platform called Natmondir has been erected adjacent to the main temple, from where the face of goddess can be seen. This was renovated by Laxman Sen in the late 13th century, but the builders are not known. After 1971, it crumbled. Now only the pillars can be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="19553457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553457" title="Ashley Barnes">
Ashley Barnes

Ashley Luke Barnes (born 30 October 1989) is a professional footballer who plays for Burnley as a striker. He previously played for Paulton Rovers, Plymouth Argyle, Oxford United, Salisbury City, Eastbourne Borough, Torquay United and Brighton & Hove Albion. He has been capped by Austria at international level, making one appearance for their under-20 team.
Club career.
Barnes began his career as a prolific goalscorer with local club Paulton Rovers of the Southern League. He had an extended trial with Plymouth Argyle in March 2007, and sufficiently impressed to be awarded with an eighteen-month contract by the club, having scored several goals for the reserve team. He made his Plymouth debut in the first round of the League Cup in August 2007 against Wycombe Wanderers, coming on as a substitute for first-team regular Sylvan Ebanks-Blake.
He subsequently found first-team opportunities hard to come by, and was sent on loan to Conference side Oxford United in November 2007 to gain some experience. Barnes featured five times for Oxford United, including two FA Cup ties against Southend United, before returning to Plymouth. He was sent out on loan again in March 2008 to another Conference club, this time to Salisbury City. He featured in five league matches for the club but did not find the back of the net.
Barnes was loaned out for a third time in November 2008 to Eastbourne Borough, with team-mate Daniel Smith. He impressed enough for his loan to be extended by a month, before he was recalled by Plymouth Argyle in January 2009, ahead of the club's match against Bristol City. He made his league debut for the Pilgrims against Wolves at Molineux, scoring his first goal for the club against Coventry City. His performances at the back-end of the 2008–09 season were rewarded when he signed a two-year contract extension in May 2009.
He joined League Two club Torquay United on loan until the end of the season in February 2010, but returned a month later having made six appearances. Barnes subsequently joined League One club Brighton & Hove Albion on loan until the end of the season. He scored on his debut against Tranmere Rovers two days later, having been introduced as a substitute ten minutes earlier.
On 8 July 2010, Barnes signed a two-year contract with Brighton & Hove Albion after transferring for an undisclosed fee from Plymouth Argyle. On 12 April 2011, he scored the decisive goal in a 4–3 win at home against Dagenham & Redbridge, which confirmed their promotion to the Football League Championship. Barnes finished the season as Brighton's second-top goalscorer behind Glenn Murray, with 20 goals in 49 appearances.
In the 2011–12 season Barnes remained a first-choice striker for Brighton's return to the Championship. He finished the season as Brighton's leading goalscorer with 14 goals in all competitions, 11 in the league.
On 9 March 2013, Barnes received a red card in stoppage time against Bolton Wanderers for attempting to trip up the referee. He was subsequently handed a seven-match suspension by the Football Association. Fans and manager Gus Poyet were critical of Barnes for this action as it left the club with only one senior striker available to play, as Craig Mackail-Smith and Will Hoskins were already injured for the rest of the season. On his return from the ban on 20 April, Barnes scored two goals in a 6–1 win over Blackpool F.C., and was named man of the match.
On 10 January 2014, Barnes joined Burnley for an undisclosed fee on a three and a half year deal.
International career.
Despite being born in Bath to English parents, Barnes qualifies to represent Austria courtesy of his grandmother on his father's side, who was born in the country. He was spotted by Austrian officials while on a pre-season tour with Plymouth Argyle in July 2008, and as a result he was called up to their Under-20 team to face Switzerland in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19553459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553459" title="Raffaele Amato">
Raffaele Amato

Raffaele Amato (born in Naples on November 11, 1965) is an Italian Camorra boss and head of the Scissionisti di Secondigliano, a Camorra clan from Naples. He is known by multiple nicknames in the Neapolitan criminal underworld, including ""Lo Spagnolo"" (The Spaniard), ""'o Lell"", ""Lell o' chiatt'"" (Lell the Fat One) and ""'a vecchiarella"".
Background.
The Scissionisti are also known as ""Spagnoli"" (Spaniards) because of their endless trips ferrying cocaine from Galicia in Spain. Amato, Cesare Pagano and his clan were once a faction within the Di Lauro clan, headed by Paolo Di Lauro. However, after Di Lauro became a wanted fugitive in 2002 and his son Vincenzo's arrest in 2004, Cosimo Di Lauro took charge of the clan. Cosimo wanted to centralize the drug dealing operation that had been run as a franchise in which dealers paid the Di Lauros a fee for doing business and were allowed to buy the drugs from any available source. He also removed older gangsters and replaced them with young toughs new to the business.
Split.
In defiance, Amato later split from the Di Lauro clan in October 2004, disputed the new rules, fled to Spain and organized a revolt against his former bosses. From there, he tried to assert the Scissionisti's control over drugs and prostitution rackets in the areas, that included Secondigliano and Scampia as its nerve centres. The war, known as the Scampia feud (Italian "faida di Scampìa"), resulted in over 60 murders in 2004 and 2005. The feud caused widespread public revulsion against the Camorra and led to a major crackdown by the authorities.
Arrests.
2005.
On February 26, 2005, Amato was arrested along with five other clan members by the Spanish police while leaving a casino in Barcelona. His arrest came one month after that of his arch-enemy Cosimo Di Lauro. Amato was eventually extradited to Italy, where he had been accused of murder and drug trafficking. The Italian Interior minister, Giuseppe Pisanu hailed his capture as ""a signal to the people of Naples that we are winning the fight against the Mafia"". He stated that his capture meant the two Camorra factions blamed for the spate of killings in Naples have both been decapitated. Furthermore, Pisanu urged more witnesses to break Omerta, the Camorra code of silence and step forward with evidence.
In 2006, he was released because the limits of his temporary arrest expired. He became a fugitive again.
2009.
On February 26, 2005, Amato was arrested in the Spanish city of Barcelona in a joint operation between Italian and Spanish police.<http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4303235.stm> Prior to his arrest he had been living under a false name on the Costa del Sol. He is accused of eight homicides between 1991 and 1993 during the so-called Mugnano feud, and of being "the principal, or one of the principal importers of cocaine into Italy".
He was extradited to Italy and received a 20-year jail sentence on May 19, 2010, in the trial against 48 members of the Amato-Pagano clan. He was charged with Mafia association, drug and arms trafficking and money laundering. He will be stripped of € 20 million in assets in property, businesses and bank accounts in Italy, Spain and Monaco.

</doc>
<doc id="19553473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553473" title="Baloch civil wars">
Baloch civil wars

The Baloch civil wars are a series of conflicts that have taken place between the Baloch people. The Baloch are an ethnic group in Pakistan, Iran, Afghanistan and Arab countries. Mostly the Baluch are tribal and have often fought amongst themselves throughout history.
The 30 year war.
The 30 year war was an intra Baloch conflict lasting almost 30 year long and fought between the forces of Mir Chakar Khan Rind (tribal ruler) and Mir Gwaharam Khan Lashari in 15th century CE.
Mir Chakar Rind lived in Sevi (modern city of Sibi) in the hills of Balochistan and became the head of Rind tribe at the age of 18 after the death of his father Mir Shehak Khan. Mir Chakar's kingdom was short-lived because of a civil war between the Lashari and Rind tribes of Balochistan. Mir Chakar Rind and Mir Gwaharam Khan Lashari, head of the Lashari tribe, went to war that resulted in thousands dead, including Mir Chakar's brother. The war and the gallantry of the two tribe leaders continues to be a part of the Baloch peoples' history. After the "Thirty Years' War" against the Lashari Tribe, Mir Chakar Rind left Balochistan and settled in the Punjab region in 1518.

</doc>
<doc id="19553481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553481" title="8th Infantry Division (Philippines)">
8th Infantry Division (Philippines)

The 8th Infantry Division, Philippine Army, known officially as the Storm Trooper Division, is one of the Philippine Army's Infantry units in the Visayas, combating Local Communist Units, and terrorists.
History.
Untold History of the 8th Infantry Division, Philippine Commonwealth Army during World War II.
8th Infantry Division, Philippine Commonwealth Army in Central Visayas 
During the Japanese Occupation in World War II, the 8th Infantry Division, Philippine Commonwealth Army was founded and military establishment on 1942 to 1946 was active at the general headquarters on the main province of Cebu and Bohol in Central Visayas. 
The reconstituted by unsurrendered USAFFE officers who organized guerilla units from the remnants of the 8th Military District right after their American and Filipino Officers surrendered to the Japanese after the Battle of Bataan in 1942. The Division's Area of Operations were the Provinces of Cebu and Bohol in Central Visayas and they were tasked by General Douglas MacArthur to combat the Imperial Japanese Army & Imperial Japanese Navy whom they fought using local Philippine Commonwealth military and recognized guerilla tactics starting 1942 until the United States military was returned to Liberate the Philippines in 1944 and aiding the local Filipino troops and guerrillas when more supplies arrived that allowed more company & regimental-sized operations to be conducted against its main nemesis, the IJA 35th Army up to the end of the war.
During the Japanese Occupation of Cebu, the guerillas and male civilians, who were organized as the soldiers and military officers of the 8th Infantry Division of the Philippine Commonwealth Army and its subordinate units the several Infantry Regiments, Field Artillery Regiments and others and supported by the PCA 3rd, 82nd, 85th, 86th and 87th Infantry Division and local Cebuano guerrilla resistance was fought the Japanese in the Battle of Guila-Guila in Compostela, Cebu on March 5, 1943. This battle, commanded by Major Fabian M. Sanchez, resulted in numerous casualties to the Imperial Japanese Army and best estimates were ten (10) truckloads of dead Japanese soldiers versus one (1) Filipino killed.
During the Japanese Conflicts and Counter Insurgencies in Central Visayas on 1942 to 1945, when the outgoing guerillas and male civilians was who were organized and joined as the soldiers and military officers of the 8th Infantry Division of the Philippine Commonwealth Army and its subordinate units the several Infantry Regiments, Field Artillery Regiments and others and supported by the PCA 3rd, 82nd, 85th, 86th and 87th Infantry Division and the Incoming PC 8th Infantry Regiment was operated in the province of Cebu and Bohol and helping by the Cebuano and Boholano resistance attacks the Japanese. After the four year conflicts in Central Visayas, when the local troops of the Commonwealth Army and Constabulary units and the Cebuano and Boholano resistance in Cebu and Bohol was retreat by the Japanese hands before the American troops during the liberation and help Filipino ground troops and Visayan resistance. 
During the battle for the Liberation of Cebu in 1945, guerillas and male civilians organized as the soldiers and military officers of the 8th Infantry Division of the Philippine Commonwealth Army and it subordinate units including the several Infantry Regiments, Field Artillery Regiments and many others, supporting for the local troopers of the PCA 3rd, 81st, 82nd, 85th, 86th and 87th Infantry Division, American soldiers of the U.S. Army Americal Division and the Cebuano guerrilla resistance conducted and fought combat operations against the IJA 35th Army under General Sosaku Suzuki and they recaptured and liberated Cebu. They fought in the Northern Cebu Campaign, Southern Cebu Campaign, the Invasion of Liloan, the Invasion of Mandaue, the Battle for Cebu City on March 26, to April 08, 1945, Fall of Pardo and Basak, Battle of Daanbantayan, Battle of Toledo and the Battle of Bantayan.
In the island Province of Bohol starting in 1945, guerillas and male civilians organized as the soldiers and military officers of the 8th Infantry Division of the Philippine Commonwealth Army and its subordinate units including the several Infantry Regiments Field Artillery Regiments and many others, supporting for the local troopers of the PCA 3rd, 81st, 83rd, 85th and 86th Infantry Division, the PC 8th Infantry Regiment, Boholano guerrilla resistance and American soldiers of the U.S. Army Americal Division liberated Bohol from their nemesis, the IJA 35th Army, again, under General Sosaku Suzuki started the Second Battle of Bohol.
Untold History of the 8th Infantry Division, Philippine Army during Post-War era.
After the Second World War, The 8th Infantry Division of the Philippine Army is a known officially as the Stormtroopers Division was founding establishment on August 1, 1988 and they stationed and headquarters in Camp General Vicente Lukban, Catbalogan City, Samar. The local government soldiers and officers under the 8th Infantry Division of the Philippine Army was sending the combat operations in the Visayas region and the engagements of the Anti-Communist Operations and helping aided and supported of the Armed Forces of the Philippines, Philippine National Police and the CAFGU militia forces against the communist rebels of the Communist Party of the Philippines-New People's Army (CPP-NPA) and other local crinimal elements.
During the Operation Enduring Freedom in the Philippines under the War on Terrorism and the Islamic Insurgency in Mindanao, Southern Philippines. The local government troops of the Philippine Army 8th Infantry "Storm Trooper" Division was sending the clearing combat operations in Mindanao on Southern Philippines and the engagements of the Anti-Islamic and Counter-Terrorism operations and helping aided and supporting of the Armed Forces of the Philippines, Philippine National Police, the CAFGU militia forces and the U.S. Armed Forces to fought against the Islamic rebels and bandits of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) and Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG) and other local crinimal elements.
Mission.
The 8th Infantry (Storm Trooper) Division, Philippine Army often conducts Internal Security Operations (ISO) in their Area of Responsibility (AOR) to dismantle and destroy the remaining guerilla fronts of the Local Communist Movement (LCM) in order to attain peace and stability conducive to sustainable development in assisting the Philippine government in its socio-economic development projects; and assists the Philippine National Police curb criminality in the Visayas Region.

</doc>
<doc id="19553487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553487" title="Alan Blyth (artist)">
Alan Blyth (artist)

Alan Blyth ( - 1953) was an English artist who primarily painted landscape and botanical paintings, predominantly in the oil medium.
Life and work.
It is likely that Alan Blyth was born in Norfolk around 1900. He exhibited at the majority of London galleries including the New English Art Club, the Royal Academy, Royal Society of Portrait Painters, Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, Royal Institute of Oil Painters and Walker's Gallery.
The label of the Royal Society of Portrait Painters on his portrait in oils entitled 'Vera' gives his address at the time as 'Jacques', Garboldisham, Diss, Norfolk. During the 1990s work by Blyth appeared in auctions at Bonham's and Christie's. However, for such a widely exhibited artist it is unusual that little other biographical information is known.
Exhibitions.
Pictures exhibited at the Royal Academy, London

</doc>
<doc id="19553517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553517" title="List of Tom &amp; Jerry Kids episodes">
List of Tom &amp; Jerry Kids episodes

This is a list of episodes for the Fox Kids animated television series "Tom & Jerry Kids".

</doc>
<doc id="19553527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553527" title="Pasculli">
Pasculli

Pasculli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19553534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553534" title="2008 Japan Series">
2008 Japan Series

The 2008 Japan Series was the 59th edition of Nippon Professional Baseball's championship series. The best-of-seven playoff between the respective champions of the Central League's and the Pacific League's Climax Series (postseason). The Series began on Saturday, November 1, 2008, and went the full seven games. The deciding Game 7 took place on Sunday, November 9.
Climax Series.
"Note:Giants was drawn in Game 3 in their Climax Series 2nd Stage. As teams having better position in regular league will have advantage, thus Giants won the series in 3-1-1."
Summary.
"Lions won the series, 4–3"
Game summaries.
Game 1, November 1.
Tokyo Dome in Tokyo
Game 2, November 2.
Tokyo Dome in Tokyo
Game 3, November 4.
Seibu Dome in Tokorozawa, Saitama
Game 4, November 5.
Seibu Dome in Tokorozawa, Saitama
Takayuki Kishi tossed a 147-pitch, complete-game shutout, striking out 10 Giants in the process. His opponent, Seth Greisinger, gave up 5 runs in as many innings, continuing his season-long struggles against the Lions. Tempers flared in the 4th when Greisinger hit Seibu shortstop Hiroyuki Nakajima on the elbow with a pitch. The two started shouting at each other, and the benches cleared. No punches were thrown, but the next batter, Takeya Nakamura, crushed his first home run of the day to extend Seibu's lead to 3-0. Nakamura would strike again in the 6th off Greisinger with another 2-run blast to end the scoring.
Game 5, November 6.
Seibu Dome in Tokorozawa, Saitama
Game 6, November 8.
Tokyo Dome in Tokyo
Kishi came through again with 5 and 2/3 innings of shutout ball in relief of Seibu starter Kazuyuki Hoashi after Hoashi got into trouble in the 4th. The unsung hero of the Series, Hiroshi Hirao, crushed a 3-run home run to give the Lions a 3-0 lead off veteran lefty starter Hisanori Takahashi in the first. Takahashi only lasted 2 innings, giving up 3 runs on 5 hits, walking 2 and striking out 2.
Game 7, November 9.
Tokyo Dome in Tokyo
The critical inning was the 8th. Daisuke Ochi came in for the Giants to keep the Lions at bay, but Ochi got off to a bad start by hitting Kataoka. Kataoka then stole second, and he was sacrificed to 3rd. Hiroyuki Nakajima then hit a slow ground ball to 3rd, and Kataoka's speed allowed him to beat the throw home, tying the game up at 2. Ochi then proceeded to walk the next two batters, then Hiroshi Hirao, on a 3-1 pitch, lined a breaking ball back up the middle to score Takeya Nakamura and give Seibu the lead. Alex Graman closed out the Giants in the 9th to give the Lions their first Japan Series Championship since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19553557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553557" title="Waverley Football Club">
Waverley Football Club

Waverley Football Club, nicknamed The Panthers, was an Australian rules football club which played in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) from 1961 until 1987. Waverley wore red and black as their club colours and was based in the Melbourne suburb of Glen Waverley.
History.
Waverley started out in the Caulfield-Oakleigh District League as the Glen Waverley FC, and in 1961 joined the newly formed VFA 2nd division. They changed their name to Waverley to better reflect their representation of the region, and adopted the nickname "Panthers" in 1963. They started strongly, winning half of their 18 matches that year, and then in 1963 finished runners up to Preston at Toorak Park. The club was promoted at short notice to the 1st Division in 1964 to fill the spot left after Moorabbin was suspended from the Association. In its first season in Division 1, the club survived relegation back to Division 2 by winning the last game of the season against their nemesis from the previous season, Preston.
The Melbourne club's breakthrough year came in 1965 under the coaching of Ian Thorogood when, despite competing in just their second season in the top division, they claimed the premiership with a 12 point victory over Port Melbourne in the Grand Final at Port Melbourn'e home ground. The following season they met again in the decider, but this time Port Melbourne was too strong. In 1970 they finished third but the Panthers soon found themselves back in the 2nd Division, where they were runners up in 1981 and their final season in 1987.
Honours.
VFA Premierships (1)
Waverley 14.13 (97) d. Port Melbourne 10.25 (85)
J. J. Liston Trophies (2)

</doc>
<doc id="19553569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553569" title="Alcazar d'Été">
Alcazar d'Été

The Alcazar d'Été was a Café-concert which opened in 1860, located on the Champs-Élysées at 8 Avenue Gabriel in Paris, and closed in 1914.
The old Café Morel behind the Élysée Palace was acquired in 1869 by Arsène Goubert who at the time was owner of the "Alcazar" at 10 Rue du Faubourg Poissonière. He gave it the name "Alcazar d'Été", and the "Alcazar" became "Alcazar d'Hiver". It is today the "Pavilion Gabriel".
References.
François Caradec & Alan Weill, "Le Café-Concert", Fayard, 2007 (in French)

</doc>
<doc id="19553575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553575" title="Paige Chua">
Paige Chua

Paige Chua (, born 25 June 1981) is a Singaporean model and television actress.
Early life.
Chua studied at Mayflower Secondary School and graduated from National University of Singapore Faculty of Arts and Social Science with a Bachelor in Arts. An active netball player in school, she had represented Singapore in netball. She took up a banking job but was discovered at a social etiquette class, thus starting her four-year career as a model.
Career.
Chua first worked in a bank for two months, after which she quit her job and became a model in 2003. She has since appeared in many magazines and was also cast in a StarHub commercial on television.
Paige made her acting debut in Just in Singapore, where she was cast as the half-sister of Fiona Xie. In the later part of 2008, she had 2 more roles in major dramas, such as La Femme and Crime Busters x2. In 2012, Paige was involved in hosting a lifestyle information program called "LOHAS" and "The Activist's Journey II", an info-ed program.
On 29 April 2012, Paige won her first Star Award in "Star Awards 2012 - Top 10 Most Popular Female Artistes" category.
Others.
Paige Chua was cast in a some short films by Royston Tan, Carol Chan and a few others, prior to her career as a television actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19553576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553576" title="Household goods">
Household goods

Household goods are goods and products used within households. They are the tangible and movable personal property placed in the living rooms, dining rooms, kitchens, family rooms, great rooms, bedrooms, bathrooms, recreation rooms, hallways, attics, and basements and other rooms of a house.
Examples of household goods include
air conditioners,
baby items,
baking dishes,
beds/bedframes,
blankets, bedding, linens, towels,
blenders, mixers,
bookcases,
books,
bureaus, dressers, wardrobes,
cabinets,
can openers,
chairs,
clothes dryers,
coffee makers,
computers,
cooking utensils,
couches, sofas, loveseats, sectionals, sofa beds,
curtains, curtain rods, drapes,
decorative items,
desks,
dishes,
dishwashers,
entertainment centers,
fans,
freezers,
(drinking) glasses,
hand tools,
hutches,
irons and ironing boards,
lamps,
lawn chairs,
(table) linens,
love seats,
mattresses,
(home) medical equipment,
microwave ovens,
mirrors,
pillows,
pots and pans,
refrigerators,
rugs,
sewing machines and notions,
silverware (flatware),
sheets,
sofas, sectionals, 
sofa beds/futons,
space heaters,
stereos and radios,
tables
toasters and toaster ovens,
tools,
towels,
toys,
televisions,
vacuum cleaners, and
washer/dryers.
Economic role.
Businesses that produce household goods are categorized as Cyclical Consumer Products by the Thomson Reuters Business Classification and are organized into three sub-categories:
Household goods are a significant part of a country's economy, with their purchase the topic of magazines such as "Consumer Reports", their relocation handled by moving companies, and their disposal or redistribution facilitated by companies like Goodwill Industries, services like classified advertising and Craigslist, and events such as garage sales and car boot sales.
Their safety is often regulated by governments, which also promote and facilitate their import and export.

</doc>
<doc id="19553582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553582" title="Keko (footballer born 1991)">
Keko (footballer born 1991)

Sergio Gontán Gallardo (born 28 December 1991 in Madrid), aka Keko, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Calcio Catania in Italy, as a right winger.
Club career.
Atlético Madrid.
A product of hometown Atlético Madrid's youth ranks, Keko made his first-team – and La Liga – debut on 12 September 2009, taking the field as a 63rd-minute substitute against Racing de Santander, in a 1–1 home draw, aged just 17. Speaking to "Diario AS" after the match, he said: ""The truth is that I have always dreamed of playing in this stadium, despite the draw, it was a dream come true. I did not think about the protests outside the ground, and I only wanted to score. I hope to have more chances, but I have to be calm and see what the coach decides.""
Late in January 2010, Keko was loaned to fellow first-divisioner Real Valladolid, until the end of 2009–10. He made his debut for his new club against Valencia CF, appearing as a late replacement in an eventual 0–2 away loss on 6 February.
Keko split the 2010–11 season with two Segunda División sides, FC Cartagena and Girona FC, appearing in 25 matches combined (nine starts, 952 minutes) as both clubs managed to maintain their league status.
Calcio Catania.
On 19 July 2011, after he failed to renew his contract with Atlético Madrid, Keko completed a transfer to Calcio Catania in Italy, signing a three-year deal and being awarded the No. 15 jersey at the Sicilian outfit. On 7 January 2012, however, along with teammate Fabio Sciacca, he joined Serie B outfit U.S. Grosseto F.C. on loan.
Keko scored on his Serie A debut on 24 February 2013, starting and contributing to a 2–1 away win over Parma FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19553597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553597" title="Geraldine Van Bueren">
Geraldine Van Bueren

Geraldine Van Bueren is a leading international human rights lawyer. She is a barrister and professor of International Human Rights Law at Queen Mary, University of London. "The Independent" newspaper has described her as one of the stars in the Law Department. 
She is a Visiting Fellow at Kellogg College, Oxford, and a member of Doughty Street Chambers, a set of barristers’ chambers dedicated to protecting human rights. She holds an LLB (Wales) and an LLM (London).
She is one of the original drafters of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, the world’s most widely ratified human rights treaty. Her book, "The International Law on the Rights of the Child" (ISBN 0-7923-2687-3) has been widely cited by courts around the world. The Council of Europe has published her latest book, "Child Rights in Europe — Convergence and Divergence in Judicial Protection" (ISBN 92-871-6269-7), [http://book.coe.int/ftp/3019.pdf] which is also being published in French. 
She is an advisor to the Rene Cassin Foundation, a body that seks to protect human rights and bring a Jewish voice to this issue.[http://www.charitycommission.gov.uk/Accounts/Ends72%5C0001117472_ac_20080930_e_c.pdf]
She is working with UNESCO on a project about how law can be used to combat poverty.
Awards.
In 2003 she was awarded the Child Rights Lawyer Award. The award, jointly organised by the Law Society, UNICEF and "The Lawyer" magazine, recognises lawyers who have done outstanding work in the field of children's rights. She is profiled in "The Lawyer" in which one incident is described:
Publications.
Her selected press articles include 

</doc>
<doc id="19553631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553631" title="Villages in Pilibhit District">
Villages in Pilibhit District

Villages in District Pilibhit.
There are 1216 Villages in the district Pilibhit in four tehsils and seven blocks. The tehsils are Pilibhit, Barkhera, Puranpur, Bisalpur. The blocks in the district Pilibhit are Amaria, Barkhera, Bilsanda, Bisalpur, Lalorikhera, Marori, Puranpur.

</doc>
<doc id="19553635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553635" title="Ideal College of Arts and Sciences">
Ideal College of Arts and Sciences

The Ideal College of Arts and Sciences is located in Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh, India. The Ideal Junior College and the Ideal College of Arts and Sciences, are the result of work by educationists including P.V.N. Raju, Sri P.V. Ramana Murthy, P. Chiranjeevini Kumari, D.N. AppaRao, N.S.R. Sastry and Sri Mandalika Satyanarayana.
Motto.
The motto of the institution is "Vidya Darsaha - Viswa Sreyaha" - The ideal of Education is the Universal Welfare.
History.
The Society got permission from the government in 1970 for a Junior College and 1974 for the opening of the Degree College. The college now has B.A, B.Com and B.Sc with Computer Science, Electronics, Medical Lab Technology, Bio-Chemistry, Bio-Technology, Micro Biology at graduate level and M.Sc. Applied Chemistry, M.Sc. Organic Chemistry, M.Sc. Analytical Chemistry, Master Business Administration (MBA), M.A.Economics, M.Sc. Applied Mathematics, Master of Computer Applications (MCA), M.Sc.Computer Sciences at postgraduate level.
Dr. PVN Raju Vidya Pranganam.
The Junior College and Degree College are on "Dr. PVN Raju Vidya Pranganam", Samalkota Road, whereas Engineering and postgraduate courses run in Narasanna Nagar, Vidyut Nagar, Kakinada.
Ideal Institute of Technology.
The Ideal Institute of Technology was established under the aegis of the governing body of the Ideal College of Arts and Sciences in 2009. It has permission from the All India Council for Technical Education, New Delhi and is affiliated to JNTUK, Kakinada. 
The college offers five branches - ECE, CSE, MECH, EEE and CIVIL.

</doc>
<doc id="19553696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553696" title="Mount Raiden">
Mount Raiden


</doc>
<doc id="19553700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553700" title="Macropomoides">
Macropomoides

Macropomoides is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish which lived during the Cretaceous period.

</doc>
<doc id="19553703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553703" title="Jouke de Vries">
Jouke de Vries

Jouke de Vries (born 26 September 1960, Dearsum) is a professor at Leiden University in Leiden.
De Vries grew up in the village of Balk in Friesland and in 1979 started his studies in political science at the University of Amsterdam. He has been working at the group Leaderships Art at the University of Leiden since 1984. De Vries obtained his PhD in 1989 from H. Daudt and H. Daalder on the article he wrote on "Ground Politics" (later made into a novel by the same name) and the educational essay "Cabinet Crisis in the Netherlands". 
In 2002 he was a candidate for the leadership of the Partij van de Arbeid, but got only two percent of the votes of the party members against sixty percent for the chosen leader Wouter Bos. He teaches students at Leiden University in his role as a Professor of political science (Dutch:Hoogleraar). He regularly speaks to international groups of students, especially exchange students. He is currently a columnist for a Dutch language website, where he writes his own blog each week. Here he writes on recent news from the worlds of politics and economics. 
Jouke de Vries is member of the board of The Hague Institute for Global Justice.
Jouke de Vries currently resides in Leiden near the University at which he teaches. De Vries is married and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19553704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553704" title="Karlskoga Nobel Art scholarship">
Karlskoga Nobel Art scholarship

The Karlskoga Nobel Art Scholarship is an annual scholarship given to artists in memory of the Swedish inventor Alfred Nobel. In 1996 a Swedish artist by the name of Göran Persson created a portfolio of graphics describing Nobel's life in Karlskoga, Sweden. Proceeds from the sales of the portfolio were used as the initial fund for the scholarship.
A project of the Karlskoga Municipality, the scholarship is open to all active Swedish artists with preference given to those working in graphics. Founded in 1996, the first Karlskoga Nobel Art Scholarship award was given on December 10 of the same year. Recipients of the scholarship have their works selected by a jury.
Göran Persson is the secretary of culture of the Municipality of Karlskoga, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19553705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553705" title="Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Jojawar">
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Jojawar

Introduction.
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Jojawar (जवाहर नवोदय विद्यालय, जोजावर) is located 1.5km away from the village Jojawar in the Marwar Junction tehsil of the Pali district. This school is residence school and all facilities to the students is free of cost. This school established in a temporary site in 1988 under 1986 education policy. Now school have buildings for all the purposes, school building, hostels, staff quarters, multi-purpose hall. 
The entrance test for admission into 6th and 9th class of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Jojawar is being conducted by the Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti. The school syllabus is CBSE pattern. There are classes being conducted from 6th standard to 12th standard.
Music, Computer science and SUPW are taught as optional subjects. The school has a computer room equipped with Internet and a music room with most of the instruments available.The school also has a rich library with above 6000 books.
There are two Shiv temple on two corners of the school boundary. Just 0.5 km away one small river is there, which flows only in monsoon. Locality wise place is very calm and peaceful due to the distant location of the school from the village.
Cluster.
This Navodaya Vidyalaya comes under Sub-cluster II of J. C. Bose cluster in Jaipur region of Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti (NVS). In this sub-cluster other Navodaya Vidyalaya are of Ajmer, Sirohi, Jalore, Barmer and Jodhpur districts. While Navodaya Vidyalayas of Bhilwara, Chittorgarh, Udaipur, Rajsamand, Banswara and Dungarpur come under the sub-cluster I of J. C. Bose cluster.
Migration.
Under migration scheme the 30% students of 9th class migrated to JNV, Bucharwada, Diu (Daman and Diu, U.T.). Third language is accordingly Gujarati. 
Principals.
Till now the school has seen seven principals. 
Address.
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya,
Jojawar, District- Pali district
PIN- 306022 Rajasthan

</doc>
<doc id="19553707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553707" title="Fort de la Fraternité">
Fort de la Fraternité

The Fort de la Fraternité ("fort of brotherhood") is a fort located on the îlot du Diable in Roscanvel, France. The whole complex is now in ruins, though a gunpowder magazine is still standing, with a roof of large rectangular tiles and elaborate guttering.
The fort was built in 1791 (around a gun battery built in 1695) as part of the defences around the goulet de Brest. It was modified in the second half of the 19th century, though it was abandoned by the military in 1870 and turned into a storehouse for wood and lime (a lime kiln at the site dates to 1800, and a limestone seam on the site continued to be exploited until 1875).
A casemate was added by the Germans in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19553715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553715" title="Megacoelacanthus">
Megacoelacanthus

Megacoelacanthus is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish which lived during the Jurassic period.

</doc>
<doc id="19553721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553721" title="Abelay Garam Bhaat">
Abelay Garam Bhaat

Abelay Garam Bhaat () is a Bengali film directed by Subhendu Ghosh, the movie featured Abhishek Chattopadhyay, Paran Bandyopadhyay, Biplab Chattopadhyay, Chinmoy Ray and Bibhu Bhattacharya.
Plot.
"Obelay Gorom Bhaat" is a comic film and its story revolves round five intimate friends – Panchugopal Mitra (Biplab Chattopadhyay), Rustam (Chinmoy Roy), Banabihari Das (Subhomoy), Dibakar (Bibhu Bhattacharya) and Sardarji Abnit Singh (Paran Bandopadhyay). Dibakar stays with his daughter and son-in-law, bachelor Panchu stays with his sister and her daughter Runi and the others have their own families. They go to morning walk together in order to watch beautiful girls’ but bachelkor Panchugopal Mitra is strict and an exception among them. The rest four friends realize that Panchu is being like a dictator and insults them unnecessarily. One evening they get drunk and give slangs against Panchu, but when police arrests them (before plays Kabaddi with them) Panchu comes and rescues them. We can see Kharaj Mukherjee here in a short role of a police officer Badan Pramanick. As Panchu’s sister and her daughter who stay with him are going to attempt a marriage ceremony he decides to go to Digha with friends. Due to family problem four of them deny to go then Panchu decides to go alone. But as soon as reaches the room no. 202 in hotel See View in Digha, he finds Miss Raima (Pamela) coming out of bathroom and seducing him. Confused Panchu drives her out of his room but later brings her back after rescuing from a few goons. He feels Raima as his daughter and thinks if he can change her. In this mean time, the four musketeers arrive at Digha and make fun of Panchu. Later they disclose that it’s a plan to send a call girl at his room. Panchu gets upset and the other four feels sorry. When five of them together decide that they will help the girl to live modest life. Miss Raima tells them her story – how she came to Kolkata leaving her father’s house to become an actress. From Roma she became Miss Raima, she confesses its her first assignment and she is not a professional. Her boyfriend Rahul (Abhishek Chattopadhyay) is also struggling to become a director. To help the couple the five ex-servicemen decide to contribute 2 million rupees each and produce a film named “Obelay Gorom Bhaat”. In that film Rahul will make the debut as a director and Raima as an actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19553725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553725" title="Morayfield Shopping Centre">
Morayfield Shopping Centre

Morayfield Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in Morayfield 40 km from Brisbane and the Sunshine Coast.
The design of the centre is heritage style from the delicate details of lace work edging, historic style street lamps and complex cornice work, to the prominent leadlight glass in the atrium and natural skylights throughout.
When the shopping centre first opened in 1997 it had stores including Target, Kmart, Franklins and Bi-Lo. Franklins was taken over by the Woolworths company and in 2007 Bi-Lo was taken over by the Coles company.
There is an 8 screen Birch, Carroll and Coyle cinema with 3D screens located in the food court. Intencity is a games arcade which is also located in the food court. There are many different eateries in the food court including McDonalds, Red Rooster, Hungry Jacks and other varieties of food.
2005 Refurbishment.
In 2005, the shopping centre underwent a refurbishment which brought in 17 specialty stores and a Big W. The shopping centre has currently over 150 stores including 7 major and 6 mini major retailers including Retravision.
It is only a 40 minute drive from both the Sunshine Coast and Brisbane. There is a taxi rank outside and also a bus station with local buses servicing around the Moreton Bay Region. QR Citytrain's Morayfield railway station, is a 10 minute walk away each with paths leading to the centre. For bicycle riders, there are bike racks at the front of each entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="19553730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553730" title="Îlot du Diable">
Îlot du Diable

'Îlot du Diable is a gun battery built to support fort de la Fraternité in the defensive system around the goulet de Brest in France. It is sited on the peninsula of Roscanvel and is accessible by a small bridge. The battery was razed in the 19th century and in 1890 on its site was built a bunker with an electricity generator. A casemate was then added by the Germans in 1942. A small observation is still to be found at the summit of the site, near a former lime kiln.

</doc>
<doc id="19553735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553735" title="John James Mellor">
John James Mellor

Colonel John James Mellor (12 August 1830 – 12 January 1916) was a British industrialist and Conservative politician.
He was born in Oldham, Lancashire, and was educated privately. He entered business as a cotton manufacturer and became chairman of J & J J Mellor Limited of Bury and Brook Mills Limited of Heywood. He was also involved in railway administration, and was a director of the Metropolitan Railway and the South Eastern Railway.
For twenty-seven years he held a commission in the Volunteer Force, retiring as honorary colonel of the 1st Volunteer Battalion of the Lancashire Fusiliers.
In 1892 he stood as Conservative candidate for the Radcliffe cum Farnworth constituency, but failed to be elected. Robert Leake, the sitting Liberal MP stood down at the next general election in 1895. Mellor was again selected as Conservative candidate, and was elected as member of parliament, benefitting from both a large swing to the Conservatives and the fact that Leake had a large personal vote.
Mellor was only in the Commons for five years, deciding not to stand again. At the 1900 general election Radcliffe cum Farnworth was regained by the Liberals.
Apart from his business and political activities, Mellor took an interest in science and engineering, and was a fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society for nearly sixty years.
He married Jennette Clegg in 1865, and they lived at The Woodland, Whitefield near Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="19553737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553737" title="Encyclopedia of Cryptography and Security">
Encyclopedia of Cryptography and Security

The Encyclopedia of Cryptography and Security is a comprehensive work on Cryptography for both information security professionals and experts in the fields of Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, Information Theory, Data Encryption, etc. It consists of 460 articles in alphabetical order and is available electronically and in print. The Encyclopedia has a representative Advisory Board consisting of 18 leading international specialists.
Topics include but are not limited to authentication and identification, copy protection, cryptoanalysis and security, factorization algorithms and primality tests, cryptographic protocols, key management, electronic payments and digital certificates, hash functions and MACs, elliptic curve cryptography, quantum cryptography and web security.
The style of the articles is of explanatory character and can be used for undergraduate or graduate courses.
Reviews.
R. Weippl, Computing Reviews, May, 2006 [http://www.reviews.com]
Related encyclopedias
Gollmann, D. Computer security. Wiley, New York, 1999. 
Bishop, M. The art and science of computer security. Addison-Wesley Longman Publishing Co., Inc., Boston, MA, 2002 
Gattiker, Urs E. The Information Security Dictionary. Springer US, 2004. 
Krause, M, Tipto, H.F. Information Security Management Handbook, CRC Press LLC, 2007. 
Leeuw, K. de, Bergstra, J. A History of Information Security: A Comprehensive Handbook, Elsevier, 2007.
Advisory Board Members.
Reference material lists

</doc>
<doc id="19553739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553739" title="China Railways SS1">
China Railways SS1

The SS1 is a type of AC-powered electric locomotive used on China Railways.
Development history.
This locomotive was the first Chinese electric main line locomotive, made by the Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Works with the assistance of the Soviet Union and following the design of the Soviet-H60 electric locomotive. The power supply was industrial-frequency single-phase AC, and the axle arrangement Co-Co.
The first prototype locomotive, 6Y1-001, which used ignitron-controlled rectifier, was produced in 1958. Further 6 prototypes (002 to 007) were produced between 1962 and 1966. Silicon semiconductor-controlled rectifier was used from No. 004 onwards.
In reference to technology of French-made 6Y2 locomotive, Zhuzhou Plant made major modification on design of the 6Y1 locomotive, improving the reliability of rectifier, traction motor and rheostatic braking system. The eighth locomotive, No. 008, was produced in 1968. The series also renamed from 6Y1 to SS1 (SS means Shaoshan, birthplace of leader Mao Zedong).
The locomotive is long, with a maximum speed of , and continuous power output of . 
The model went out of production in 1988 with a total of 826 manufactured; 7 of 6Y1 and 819 of SS-1.
preservation.
SS1008：China Railway Museum
References.
(Chinese)*运行中的韶山1型电力机车 1603号

</doc>
<doc id="19553747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553747" title="Quélern">
Quélern

Quélern is a hamlet in Roscanvel, in the department of Finistère (Brittany), in western France.
Fortifications.
Fortified lines.
The Quélern lines defended the entrance to the goulet de Brest against capture from behind the defences of the Roscanvel peninsula. They are 1.22 km long and form the only surviving non-urban line of fortifications in France. Work on them was begun in 1695 by Vauban himself (they are still sometimes known as the Vauban system) and they were improved from 1777 to 1785 due to the American Revolutionary War, in expectation of British action against the port of Brest. The lines still serve a strong geostrategic function and the area is still military land with no public access. An upper gate known as porte de Camaret and a lower gate known as porte de Crozon were the only two ways through the wall until their destruction, possibly between 1940 and 1944.
Redoubt.
From 1852 to 1854, a fort known as the réduit de Quélern was built to plans by Vauban, with modifications. It is a square-plan fort with bastions and surrounded by a dry moat. Like the lines, it is still Ministry of Defence property and thus not open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19553749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553749" title="Aarch">
Aarch

Aarch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19553759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553759" title="Maha Nuge Gardens">
Maha Nuge Gardens

Maha Nuge Gardens is a private lane (street) located in the Kollupitiya district in the city of Colombo (Postal code - Colombo-3). Even though it is called a garden, nothing of any importance is grown here. The lane runs off the main Colombo highway called Galle Road, leading to the commercial district of Fort, via the Galle Face Green - a beautiful stretch of land by the sea. 'Temple Trees' the official residence of the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka is situated within walking distance of Maha Nuge Gardens. The imposing Cinnamon Grand Colombo Hotel (formerly the Lanka Oberoi) is adjacent to the properties.
Maha Nuge Gardens was the hub of politics, music, commerce and the media from the 1960s-1970s - many distinguished members of Sri Lankan society resided here. The lane is owned by the powerful Bandaranaike Family. To this day it remains in the hands of the wider family.
Sir Anthony Oliphant.
The street was previously known as 'Captains Gardens,' and 1st Lane, Colpetty. Sir Harry Dias Bandaranaike bought the property 'Alcove' from Sir Anthony Oliphant, Chief Justice of Ceylon, who lived here with his family. during the British Era. Sir Anthony Oliphant and his son Laurence Oliphant have been credited with introducing tea to Ceylon and being the first to grow tea plants on the Oliphant Estate in Nuwara Eliya. His son Laurence who became a well-known author and international traveller, spent his early childhood in Captains Gardens.
Sir Harry Dias Bandaranaike.
After purchasing 'Alcove' from Sir Anthony Oliphant, Sir Harry Dias renamed Captains Gardens to Maha Nuge Gardens because of the huge Banyan (Nuge) tree on the property. This was the beginning of the Maha Nuge Gardens connection with the Bandaranaike dynasty in Ceylon. Sir Harry Dias Bandaranaike was the first Sinhalese to be called to the Bar in England, the first Sinhalese to be appointed a Judge to the Supreme Court in Ceylon, he was also knighted by the King. Sir Harry also served as an Official of the Legislative Council of Ceylon.
The residence of Felix Dias Bandaranaike.
The very second house in Maha Nuge Gardens was the residence of the hugely influential and powerful politician, Felix Dias Bandaranaike, nephew of Prime Ministers Solomon Bandaranaike and Sirimavo Bandaranaike. Felix Dias Bandaranaike was Minister of Justice in the Sirimavo Bandaranaike Administration, from 1970 to 1977, when the SLFP won the elections. His residence was heavily guarded by the Sri Lankan Army when the JVP launched a (failed) revolution in April 1971 after installations came under attack in Colombo. The Prime Minister of Sri Lanka, Mrs Sirimavo Bandaranaike and politicians have all visited Justice Minister Felix Dias Bandaranaike, at his residence, in the early 1970s.
Finance Minister of the Government of Sri Lanka, Dr. Sarath Amunugama speaking in Colombo in 2005 said:"Many of us here will also recall those lovely birthday and Christmas parties at Maha Nuge Gardens or Gamini Wickramanayake's Farm in Navinna where FDB went out of his way to make us all feel at home. Those are memories we share of a colossus of the politics of his time whose life was tragically cut short."
Samuel(Sammy)Dias Bandaranaike, cousin of the Prime Minister of Ceylon, S.W.R.D.Bandaranaike, owned several properties in Maha Nuge Gardens. He worked for several years in the Agricultural Department in Sri Lanka and was very much a charismatic figure in the local community.
Elmer de Haan.
The well-known Sri Lankan musician, Elmer de Haan lived here in an upstair flat, owned by Roland and Esther Dias Abeysinghe. He was a famed concert pianist and composer and lived down the lane for several years in the early 1970s.
The home of Vernon Corea.
Living at No 5 Maha Nuge Gardens from 1964 to 1975 was the pioneering and legendary Sri Lankan broadcaster Vernon Corea, who worked for the oldest radio station in South Asia, Radio Ceylon and the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation. Many talented radio announcers were mentored here. Some of the brightest Sri Lankan musical talents - among them musicians Clarence Wijewardena, Annesley Malewana, Nimal Mendis and Cliff Foenander were frequently seen in Maha Nuge Gardens in the 1960s and 1970s - they became huge stars on the national and international stage. The famed actress Rukmani Devi has also visited Maha Nuge Gardens.
When Reverend Canon Ivan Corea, father of broadcaster Vernon Corea and Daily News Editor Ernest Corea died in 1968, the Governor-General of Ceylon William Gopallawa, the Prime Minister of Ceylon Dudley Senanayake and Finance Minister Junius Richard Jayewardene, paid their respects at 5 Maha Nuge Gardens. The legendary lyricist and broadcaster, Karunaratne Abeysekera was also a regular visitor.
Sri Lanka's distinguished musician, Nimal Mendis wrote:"Vernon became more than the Radio Journalist to me. He was to become a friend, not only he, but his entire family. I remember the hours spent with them in their home in Maha Nuge Gardens in Kollupitiya." 
The Snuggery No 20 Colpetty.
No 5 was once referred to as 'The Snuggery.' The property was known as "No 20, Colpetty" in the 1900s, it stretched from Galle Road, with its lawn stretching eastwards right down to the Beira Lake. No 5 was twice its size when it was first built, with kitchens, servants quarters and stables stretching along the Northern perimeter, forming the top stroke of the T-shaped layout of the house.
The upper story of this historic building was added in the early 1900s to provide rooms for a parson from England. At the time the residence of the Bishop of Colombo (Church of Sri Lanka) known as ' Bishop's House,' was situated in the adjoining property.
According to the Centenary Volume of the Church Missionary Society, published in the 1900s called: "One Hundred Years in Ceylon 1818-1918", there is a reference to 'The Snuggery,' the historic home was rented out in 1906 as the headquarters of the CMS in Colombo.
The designs of Geoffrey Bawa.
The block of four flats at the back of No 5 was designed by the world famous Sri Lankan architect Geoffrey Bawa, when he was just starting out as a young designer. The old No: 5 was demolished in 2006, to make way for a new home.
Banker E.C.G.Wickremasinghe.
Also residing in Maha Nuge Gardens was the pioneering banker E.C.G.(Lyn) Wickremasinghe who was General Manager of the Bank of Ceylon in Colombo. After his retirement he was appointed Director-General of the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Centre (BMICH) in Colombo, the premier conference venue on the island.
Community.
The residents of this lane fostered a real community spirit and racial harmony - for many years the families held annual Christmas parties - it was a gathering of the local Maha Nuge Gardens community.
In terms of youth culture, the young people who lived down Maha Nuge Gardens were featured on the BBC World Service in 1972 as they had formed the only branch in Colombo of the BBC World Service Pop Club.
BBC TV News.
The lane received international coverage in April 1971 when on a visit to the island, BBC Television News Editor Michael Broadbent stayed here. Broadbent suddenly found himself in the middle of a (JVP) revolution and relayed news from Maha Nuge Gardens to the regular BBC news bulletins.

</doc>
<doc id="19553761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553761" title="Rieko">
Rieko

Possible writings.
Rieko can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19553767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553767" title="Street light controller">
Street light controller

Street light controllers are smarter versions of the mechanical or electronic timers previously used for street light ON-OFF operation. They come with energy conservation options like twilight saving, staggering or dimming. Also many street light controllers come with an astronomical clock for a particular location or a Global Positioning System (GPS) connection to give the best ON-OFF time and energy saving.
Accessories.
Some intelligent street light controllers also come with Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM), Radio frequency (RF) or General Packet Radio Service (GPRS) communication, user adjusted according to latitude and longitude(low cost type), for better street light management and maintenance. Many street light controllers also come with traffic sensors to manage the lux level of the lamp according to the traffic and to save energy by decreasing lux when there is no traffic. America, Canada, India and many other countries have started introducing street light controllers to their road lighting for energy conservation, street light management and maintenance purpose.
It helps to reduce carbon foot print and saves the environment. In commercial view it also helps to earn carbon credit for monitory benefit.
Economics.
Street light controllers can be expensive in comparison with normal timers, and can cost between $100 and $2500, but most of them return the investment between 6 months and 2 years. As the equipment's lifetime is 7 to 10 years it saves energy and cost for some years.

</doc>
<doc id="19553768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553768" title="Kugyō (Minamoto no Yoshinari)">
Kugyō (Minamoto no Yoshinari)

, also known as or , was the second son of the second Kamakura shogun of Japan, Minamoto no Yoriie. At the age of six, after his father was killed in Shuzenji in Izu, he became his uncle Sanetomo's adopted son and, thanks to his grandmother Hōjō Masako's intercession, a disciple of Songyō, Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū's "bettō" (head priest). After his tonsure he was given the Buddhist name "Kugyō" replacing his childhood name Yoshinari. He then went to Kyōto to take his vows, coming back at age 18 to become Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū's new "bettō", the shrine's fourth. In 1219 he murdered his uncle Sanetomo on the stone stairs at Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū in the shogunal capital of Kamakura, an act for which he was himself slain on the same day.
Shogun Sanetomo's assassination.
Assassination.
The assassination is chronicled in the "Azuma Kagami" and in the "Gukanshō". What follows is the "Azuma Kagami"'s version of events.
At about six in the evening of "February 12, 1219 (Jōkyū 1, 26th day of the 1st month)", on Buddhist New Year, shogun Sanetomo had just finished the Ceremony of Celebration for his nomination to Udaijin. It had been snowing the whole day and there were more than 60 cm of snow on the ground. The shogun left the shrine's gate and started descending the stone stairs accompanied only by the sword bearer, a man called Nakaakira. Hōjō Yoshitoki, son of Regent Hōjō Tokimasa and a future Regent himself, should have been the sword-bearer, but had gone back to his mansion in Komachi early because he wasn't feeling well. Unexpectedly Kugyō the "bettō" came up from near the stone stairs, yelled and struck him with a sword, cutting his head off. The assassin then killed Nakaakira the swordbearer, and according to the Gukanshō he did this thinking he was Hōjō Yoshitoki, as he should have been. 
Sources do not always agree. Kugyō is for example described as wearing either a woman's clothes (in the Azuma Kagami) or his betto's uniform. It is often said that he was hiding behind the great ginkgo tree, but the Azuma Kagami simply says he came . The detail of the ginkgo first appears in the Shinpen Kamakurashi and is therefore an Edo period invention.
Kugyō's death.
Having killed his uncle, Kugyō took his head, left the shrine and, without going back to his official residence, went to hide temporarily at the home of its guardian in Yukinoshita. From there he sent a messenger to Miura Yoshimura's home in Nishi Mikado, explaining that he was now the new shogun and wanted to talk to him as soon as possible about what was to be done. Yoshimura and his family had an extremely close relationship with Kugyō, whose milk-mother had been a Miura. To buy time, Yoshimura sent back a message in which he asked Kugyō to stay where he was because he would send some soldiers to pick him up. While Kugyō waited, knowing Yoshitoki was alive Yoshimura sent a messenger to Yoshitoki's residence in Komachi. Yoshitoki immediately sent back the order to execute the assassin. Yoshimura gathered the family council to decide how to do that. Nagao Sadakage, a samurai known for his strength and reliability, was then entrusted with the task. Left with a group of five men, on the way Sadakage met Kugyō himself who, unable to contain himself and wait for Yoshimura's escort, had left his refuge and was already in Nishi Mikado on his way to Yoshimura's mansion. While one of the five men engaged him, Nagao Sadakage beheaded him. His head was then brought to the Regent's residence in Komachi for identification.
Debate about Kugyōs motives.
According to the traditional interpretation of events, Kugyō's act had been instigated by Yoshitoki and the Hōjō, who wanted to get rid at one stroke of the last two male members of the Seiwa Genji line. Historians however now see the theory as unsupported by facts and probably untrue. Beyond the fact that the assassination undoubtedly ended up serving Yoshitoki's interests, it's unclear why Kugyō would have willingly helped the Hōjō family, who was responsible not only for his father's death, but also for that of his brother Ichiman and of the entire Hiki clan. The killing of Nakaakira the sword-bearer makes it likely that Kugyō meant to kill Yoshitoki too. His relationship with Yoshimura was extremely close (Yoshimura's wife had been Kugyō's wet nurse), and it seems more plausible that the two had planned together the assassination of both Sanetomo and Yoshitoki to get rid of the Hōjō and of their puppet Sanetomo to assume power. Sanetomo's wet nurse had been Masako's younger sister, making the shogun emotionally close to the Hōjō, and this failed "coup d'état" was probably just an episode in the ongoing war between Hōjō and Miura, which continued until the Miura's defeat in 1247. Realized that Yoshitoki had avoided death out of sheer luck and that their plan was doomed, Yoshimura could very well have decided that he had to betray Kugyō to save himself and his family.

</doc>
<doc id="19553771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553771" title="2010 European Aquatics Championships">
2010 European Aquatics Championships

The 2010 European Aquatics Championships were held from 4–15 August 2010 in Budapest and Balatonfüred, Hungary. It was the fourth time that the city of Budapest hosts this event after 1926, 1958 and 2006. Events in swimming, diving, synchronised swimming (synchro) and open water swimming were scheduled.
The 2010 European Water Polo Championships was held separately, from 29 August – 11 September in Zagreb, Croatia.
Schedule.
Competition dates by discipline are:
Diving.
Results.
Team events.
This event was a test event and will not count towards the medal tables.

</doc>
<doc id="19553795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553795" title="Wright Robinson College">
Wright Robinson College

Wright Robinson College is a mixed 11–16 secondary school located in Abbey Hey, Gorton, Manchester, England. 
The college caters to students of all socio-economic and religious backgrounds and is a specialist college of "Sport and The Arts"; it is a member of the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust. The school is located on the edge of east Manchester, in the grounds of Debdale Park. Wright Robinson holds the Sportsmark Gold award with distinction, Artsmark Gold award also with distinction, the coveted FA Charter Mark, and the Healthy School award. Wright Robinson College is the single largest and most over-subscribed school in the city of Manchester, with around 1,800 pupils on roll.
The Headmaster of the college is Neville Beischer BEd (Hons), and the Chair of Governors is Mr Colin Brierley MBE. The college, in terms of Value Added scores, is the highest achieving Comprehensive secondary school in England and Wales. This means that from a relatively low achieving background, children leave Wright Robinson with above average results. Results from Wright Robinson are higher than those of any school of its kind in the country, beaten in Manchester only by the King David School.
The annual presentational ceremony for GCSE results is held around December at the famous Bridgewater Hall, home of the Hallé Orchestra.
History.
Over the years, Wright Robinson College has been at the centre of Manchester sport. The school was, at the time, in association with the 2002 Commonwealth Games and played a role in the weightlifting events of the games. 
The school, in late 2006, suffered a lightning strike to the main boiler which caused a large fire in the A block of the building. Because of this, the school was closed for three days, and resulted in permanent damage to the roof of the old building.
Curriculum.
Unlike most other schools in the Manchester area, Wright Robinson pupils are allowed to take GCSE exams 1 year early. This allows for gifted and talented students to progress onto A-Level studies one year early. It also allows for students who do not achieve well in the 'early entry' exams, to 're-sit' in the next year. However this stopped in September 2012.
As a result of the school's specialism, sport, throughout the 5 years that pupils spend at Wright Robinson, the subject is compulsory. Up to 5 hours of sport per academic week are integrated into the timetable alongside other studies.
All students at Wright Robinson leave with a minimum of 2 GCSE grades A*-C in Sport.
New building.
In September 2007, the college moved out of the old building and into the new £23m+ building situated on the adjoining fields. The school was built under the PFI scheme and is the most expensive school or college ever built in Europe. At a total of £53m the school and grounds are home to some of the finest sporting and educational facilities in the world with some of the sporting facilities including; a 25 meter swimming pool, multiple sports halls, fitness suite, dance studio, weights room and numerous tennis and football pitches.
Not only does the school take pride in its sporting facilities but also in its 'outstanding' (Ofsted 2007) educational facilities. The school holds a total number of 8 ICT laboratories with an additional learning centre named the 'discovery zone', all with state-of-the-art computer facilities. The school also is equipped with a 300+ seat auditorium, an exhibition area, an audio visual suite, Apple Mac suites for the use of media studies classes, electronic registration and monitoring system, a drama studio(s), music recital rooms, outdoor eating facilities (referred to as 'pods'), 4 separate student break areas (quads) and excellent science experimentation facilities.
Reputation.
In the past, the school has played host to such events as the British U15, U16 and U18 weightlifting championships and played a part in the hosting of the commonwealth games of Manchester 2002. 
Late in 2007, the school was hailed by the Manchester City Council and the Government of the United Kingdom as being 'the single most improved School or College in the United Kingdom'. The College, over the past 5–10 years, has seen a rise of over 60% in the number of students who gain at least 5 A*-C grades at GCSE.
Sport.
Wright Robinson College has a very strong sports identity within itself. The school integrates sport into school life as much as possible through; before, during and after school clubs, national and international competitions etc. Since becoming a sports college in 1997, the school has held onto the specialism and has seen a 94% rise in the number of students gaining 2 GCSE A*-C Grades in Sport.
"The Times" newspaper, in 2007, named the school 'The best school for sport in the United Kingdom'. This was based on a national record that WRC holds for the most number of Junior sporting titles held by a UK High School. Various sports teams at the school at the time had achieved 43 national sporting titles, 56 regional titles and 63 county/Manchester Schools titles.
In conjunction with the Manchester Institute of Sport and Physical Activity (MISPA) at the Manchester Metropolitan University and the Youth Sports Trust, Wright Robinson has taken part in a 10-year research project. The project was designed to support the school's strategic aim of raising academic standards and increasing whole school participation in Physical Education and Sport. In 10 years over 10,000 children and 1,000,000 hours of PE have been assessed. The evidence shows that participation in physical activity enables young people to significantly improve their physical competence, confidence, and self-esteem. More active pupils were also found to generally achieve higher academic attainment with 62% of physically active pupils achieving 5 or more A*-C GCSE grades including mathematics and English compared to 38% of the least active pupils. 
The research project won a Times Educational Supplement Award for 'Outstanding Sporting Initiative' at the 2009 inaugural TES School awards for excellence and teamwork in education. The judges noted, 'The good partnership between the school and the university. The university acts as an excellent prefect. The research has provided long-term, serious evidence.' They also praised the involvement of disaffected pupils.
Since 2012 the Manchester Giants basketball team has used Wright Robinson as its home venue.
Equality and diversity.
Wright Robinson College is noted for being very socially, economically and culturally diverse. The students of the school come from various socio-economic backgrounds and follow a variety of different religions and faiths. The College 'is very diverse in its pupils and has a wide arena of young people from all backgrounds possible, the way that the college caters for the sheer number and diversity of its pupils is outstanding' (Ofsted 2007). 'Students in the College are very well educated about religious festivals and events that in one way or another will affect them later in life.' (Ofsted 2007).
Student leadership.
The College, as well as the leadership staff, has a system of student prefects and leaders. Every year the school allocates roles to the highest achieving, most punctual and attendant pupils. There is also a Head Boy and Head Girl elected each year. 
The prefects, Head Boy and Head Girl are voted for by the staff of the school, including the Head Teacher and senior staff. When elected, the students hold the title for one academic year. The Heads of School, when elected, then take an active role in representing the school at events and also taking part in the administration of the school through the year that they hold the title. The heads of School and prefects are distinguished by the colour of their school ties. Students have been known to wear black ties with the school arms or more recently, bright red ties with the school arms. 
As well as student prefects, there are also 'young leaders' in the lower years who have shown a keen interest and ability in sport. The 'young leaders' in the school have access to lots of opportunities, such as free sports coaching courses, attendance of sporting events, seminars and lectures, awards and recognition throughout the college.
Rivalry.
It is well known that the college has a long-running rivalry with a number of local schools in the area. Since its opening in the late 1960s, the college has had a rivalry with the neighbouring Saint Peter's, and to this day the schools have a strong sense of competition between each other. In terms of sport and sporting clubs, the school also has a long-running rivalry with Our Lady's RC High School in the Blackley area of Manchester
Official opening.
In September 2008 the college was officially opened by the First Lord of the Treasury and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Mr Gordon Brown. The Prime Minister was accompanied by his wife Sarah Macaulay whilst in the city of Manchester for the Annual Labour Party Conference at the Manchester Central (Conference Centre). The centre, then known as G-Mex, was also the venue for gymnastics, weightlifting, judo and wrestling during the 2002 Commonwealth Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19553801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553801" title="List of Geelong Football Club individual awards and records">
List of Geelong Football Club individual awards and records

This is a list of individual awards achieved by the Geelong Football Club since it joined the Victorian Football League in 1897.
VFL/AFL awards.
Current awards.
AFL Rising Star.
Winners
Nominees
Former awards.
Premiership Coach Medal.
"Succeeded by the Jock McHale Medal (1950 onwards)"
Club awards.
Current awards.
Best young player.
"Known as Best first-year player prior to 2011"
Most club votes in Brownlow Medal.
Players in bold denotes player won Brownlow Medal
Community Champion.
"First awarded in 2003"
Tom Harley Award.
"Awarded to the player that best demonstrates the values of the team and the club, on and off the field (established in 2011)"

</doc>
<doc id="19553830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553830" title="Tremet">
Tremet

Tremet is a hamlet on the Roscanvel peninsula in France. The gun batteries located here are part of the defences of the goulet de Brest, forbidding ships from entering the bay of Camaret-sur-Mer. The site had been occupied by the military since 1694 (a battery was probably sited here in Vauban's defensive scheme) and was updated several times in the 18th and 19th centuries. The battery became a heavy anti-aircraft post in 1955 as part of the outer defences of Brest's military fort - part of that battery is still part of the military land around Quélern and not open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19553849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553849" title="Live at the Padget Rooms, Penarth">
Live at the Padget Rooms, Penarth

Live at the Padget Rooms, Penarth was the sixth album by Man, released in September 1972. It was the band’s second live album, both performed by this four-piece line-up, although the line up had substantially changed before this album was released, as was acknowledged on the original LP sleeve.
The idea for a live album came from Andrew Lauder, United Artists’ A&R manager, following the success of Man’s contributions to the Greasy Truckers Party benefit album, recorded at the Roundhouse in February 1972. It was agreed to record the album on “home territory” in South Wales at the Paget Rooms, Penarth, a seaside resort at the south end of Cardiff Bay. The title was considered an oddity in Penarth at the time, because of the misspelling of "Paget Rooms" in the album's title, as can be seen in the photo of the venue in the CD re-release.
The front cover states “Special Limited Edition For Man Fans” and only 8000 copies were pressed. These were sold at a budget-price and sold out within a week, so it entered the UK mid-priced LP chart at number one, and the next week had totally disappeared. It was then unavailable for 30 years, until it was released on CD in 2002 (BGO CD 365). 
Reception.
According to Dave Thompson, it "ranks among the all-time greatest Man concert recordings, the sound of the band at the peak of its game", "with a raw sound that seems to spill straight out of the amps." The first two tracks were live versions of songs on previous studio albums, but "H. Samuel" is an improvised jam “hovering closer to the brink of a massive stoner rock-jazz fusion hybrid than any other Man album ever dared to.” 
Releases.
The original album comprised just three tracks, which appeared out of sequence, so as to fit on a vinyl LP. This track sequence was retained on the 2002 CD. It was not until the 2007 re-release on a double CD (ECLEC 2014), that the full concert became available, and the original running order was restored 
Track listing.
1997 CD.
As Original LP
2007 CD Re-Release.
This was re-mixed from the original 8 track master tapes and restores the original running order.
There are no composer credits, or track timings, on the re-release.

</doc>
<doc id="19553900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553900" title="Ian Westwater">
Ian Westwater

Ian Westwater (born 8 November 1963 in Loughborough) is an English former professional football goalkeeper, who spent the majority of his career with Scottish side Dunfermline Athletic.
Career.
Playing.
Westwater started his career with Scottish Premier Division side Hearts, making his debut for the Tynecastle side at just 16 years of age. He went on to play only one other game for the side, before being signed by Dunfermline Athletic for £4,000 in March 1985. It was with Dunfermline that Westwater would be most prosperous, playing in over 190 games in his first spell at the club. His debut came against Stranraer in April 1985.
Westwater moved to local rivals Falkirk in a player swap deal in August 1991, where in his first season he helped the club gain promotion to the Scottish Premier Division. After being relegated in 1993, he again helped the side in 1994 in their promotion winning season before moving on a short term deal to Dundee.
After playing no games for Dundee, Westwater moved back to Dunfermline Athletic for his second spell with the club, signing for £15,000. He stayed with the Pars, helping them achieve promotion to the Scottish Premier Division in 1996. He played in over 110 league games in his second spell but towards the end of his Dunfermline career, he was ousted by younger goalkeepers. He made the short move across the River Forth to Easter Road side Hibernian in 2000, where he would fail to play any matches before hanging up his gloves in 2004.
Coaching.
During his spell with Hibernian, Westwater was the goalkeeping coach for the Leith side. He had to retire from football completely in 2005 due to injury and was replaced by Gordon Marshall as Hibs' goalkeeping coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19553903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553903" title="Asiavision (disambiguation)">
Asiavision (disambiguation)

Asiavision may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19553917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553917" title="Ha Jung-eun">
Ha Jung-eun

Ha Jung-eun (born April 26, 1987 in Busan) is a women's doubles and mixed doubles badminton player from South Korea.
Career.
Ha played in mixed doubles with Lee Yong-dae and won the Asian Junior Championship 2005. 
She and Kim Min-jung played for South Korea's 2008 Uber Cup team in Jakarta, Indonesia.
2010.
In January, Ha Jung-eun with her women's doubles partner, Lee Kyung-won, became the semi-finalists in Korea Open Super Series. With Ko Sung-hyun in the mixed event, she only reached the quarter-finals. 
In All England, Ha and Ko suffered a first-round defeat to Zheng Bo and Ma Jin of China 17–21 and 12–21. Meanwhile, Ha and Lee, seeded seventh, vanquished Indonesia's Shendy Puspa Irawati and Nitya Krishinda Maheswari in straight sets, 21–18 and 21–18, before bowing out to Chinese third seeds, Cheng Shu and Zhao Yunlei, in the semi-finals. 
The next week's tournament in Switzerland brought unsatisfying result for Ha and Ko as they lost to the eventual finalists and their countrymen, Shin Baek-cheol and Yoo Hyun-young, in a tough three-setter, 21–19, 9–21, 19–21. However, in the women's event, Ha and Lee succeeded to their third semi-final of 2010, edging fourth-seeded Petya Nedeltcheva and Anastasia Russkikh out with a 21–17 and 21–11 win. Ha and Lee fought hard in the semi-final but finally lost 21–13, 19–21, and 20–22 to Miyuki Maeda and Satoko Suetsuna of Japan.
Uber Cup 2010.
Ha played for the Korean Uber Cup team on May 9–16. She and Lee Kyung-won defeated Yu Yang and Du Jing of China in the final 19–21, 21–14, and 21–19, giving the first Uber cup for Korea.
2011.
Ha paired up with Lee Yong-dae again and they won the US Open Grand Prix Gold title in July.
2012.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Ha and her partner Kim Min-jung, along with Jung Kyung-eun and Kim Ha-na of South Korea, Wang Xiaoli and Yu Yang of China, and Meiliana Jauhari and Greysia Polii of Indonesia were disqualified from the competition for "not using one's best efforts to win a match" and "conducting oneself in a manner that is clearly abusive or detrimental to the sport" following matches the previous evening during which they were accused of trying to lose in order to manipulate the draw. Ha and her partner Kim Min-jung played against Indonesia's Meiliana Jauhari and Greysia Polii. It is suspected that the Koreans emulated China so to avoid playing against another Korean team in the semi-finals; the Korean head coach Sung Han-kook said "Because they don't want to play the semi-final against each other, so we did the same. We didn't want to play the South Korean team again". South Korea filed an appeal to the case, but it was rejected by the Badminton World Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="19553921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553921" title="Walker Island (Southern Tasmania)">
Walker Island (Southern Tasmania)

Walker Island is a 15 ha island in south-eastern Australia. It lies close to the northern end of Maatsuyker Island and is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance as a breeding site for seabirds.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin (2-300 pairs), Short-tailed Shearwater (146,000 pairs), Fairy Prion (3000 pairs), Common Diving-Petrel (500 pairs), Silver Gull and Sooty Oystercatcher. The island is a haul-out site for the Australian Fur Seal and an occasional breeding site for the New Zealand Fur Seal. The Tasmanian Tree Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19553940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553940" title="Île des Morts">
Île des Morts

Île des Morts ("Island of the Dead") is a 7-hectare island in the Bay of Roscanvel, to the south-west of the roadstead of Brest, between the Quélern peninsula and Île Longue. It is 26m above sea level at its highest point.
History.
In 1720, the neighbouring island of Trébéron became a quarantine island or lazaret for lepers, with Île des Morts as its cemetery. During the 18th century, the arsenal at Brest was supplied with gunpowder from the powder-mills of Pont-de-Buis. Transported by boat, the gunpowder made a last stop at the île d'Arun, at the mouth of the River Aulne. However, the magazine on the île d'Arun was small and remote from Brest and was not convenient in the context of the Napoleonic Wars, with the British fleet blockading Brest. In 1808, Jean-Nicolas Trouille, director of the maritime works at Brest, decided to develop Île de Morts by adding powder magazines. The rock-breaking works done by convicts from the Brest prison allowed him to level a plateau on which to build three 45m-long and 12m wide two-level powder-magazines (in which the use of metal was banned to avoid risk of explosion). In completing the magazines, he also built a mole out towards île Trébéron, several landing points and a barracks for the magazines' garrison.
In 1868, with the railways' arrival in Brest, the French Navy decided to build a new powder magazine at the Saint-Nicolas powder-factory, at Guipavas. Even so, the Île des Morts continued in use in both World Wars, during which time the metal "Decauville" road was built, which still survives. In 1960, the installations on the island were decommissioned and some years later the island became included in the protective perimeter around Île Longue - it is still closed to public access.

</doc>
<doc id="19553953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553953" title="Broadcasting Corporation of Niue">
Broadcasting Corporation of Niue

The Broadcasting Corporation of Niue (BCN), also known as the Niue Broadcasting Corporation, is a government-owned broadcasting corporation in Niue, which operates Television Niue and Radio Sunshine, the country's only television and radio channels. It is based in Alofi. Its general manager and chief editor is Patrick Lino. Following the 2011 general election, a specific Cabinet ministry for the corporation was set up. The current minister responsible for the BCN is Joan Viliamu (who is also Minister for Health and for Community Affairs).
Television Niue is broadcast in the evenings only, from 18:00 to 23:00, in Niuean and in English. It does not broadcast on Sundays. Most of its programmes are supplied by Television New Zealand.
Radio Sunshine broadcasts in English and Niuean, over 594 kHz AM and 91 MHz FM, from 06:00 to 21:30.

</doc>
<doc id="19553964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553964" title="Jonathan Binney">
Jonathan Binney

Jonathan Binney (January 7, 1723 – October 8, 1807) was a merchant, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1758 to 1764.
He was born in Hull, Massachusetts, the son of Thomas Binney and Margaret Miller, and went into business in Boston. Binney married Martha Hall in 1746 and they moved to Halifax seven years later. With others, he lobbied for representative government in the province. His wife died in childbirth in 1757. Two years later, he married Hannah Adams Newton. Binney was named to the province's Council in 1764. In the same year, he was appointed collector of provincial duties and magistrate at Canso. In 1768, he became customs collector and judge for St. John's Island (later Prince Edward Island). He was named judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas for Halifax County in 1772. When Francis Legge became lieutenant governor, he had Binney and his family arrested because Binney often paid himself first with the funds collected on behalf of the government. Binney successfully brought his case against Legge before the Board of Trade in London and his debts were forgiven by the Nova Scotia assembly. In 1784, Binney was accused of certifying New England fisherman as Nova Scotians so that he could sell them fishing licenses. He died in Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="19553971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553971" title="Bill Pitcher">
Bill Pitcher

William 'Bill' Pitcher (born 5 February 1910 in Coventry, England - died 24 October 1995) was an international motorcycle speedway rider who rode in the first ever World Championship final in 1936.
Career summary.
Pitcher rode for Leicester Stadium, Crystal Palace Glaziers, Coventry Bees, Birmingham Bulldogs and the Harringay Tigers before World War II and was a member of the team that won the London Cup in 1935. In 1936 he rode in the first ever Speedway World Championship. After the end of the war he joined the Belle Vue Aces. Pitcher was also a member of the England team that toured Australia in 1946-47. He made his England international debut in 1939. His final season was in 1949 with the Wimbledon Dons.

</doc>
<doc id="19553983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553983" title="Jean-Nicolas Trouille">
Jean-Nicolas Trouille

Jean-Nicolas Trouille (1750–1825) was a French politician, architect and military engineer.
Life.
After a short career in the cavalry (which he left due to a duel) then in the naval artillery in Brest, he was taken on by Antoine Choquet de Lindu as a draughtsman in 1777 thanks to his qualifications as an architect. In 1791 he succeeded Choquet de Lindu as director of the maritime works at Brest, a post he held until 1796.
In 1795, he was elected as a député to the Council of Five Hundred and there specialised in questions relating to the French Navy. In 1798 he was made guardian of the palace of Versailles, which some people wanted to demolish in order to re-use the stone but which Trouille instead proposed should house a number of artistic or administrative establishments. At the end of the Revolutionary period, he returned to Brest, rejoined the maritime works in 1800 and became their director again from 1814 to 1821. Among his surviving works are the Bâtiment aux Lions in the Brest Arsenal (1807–09) and the levelling of Île des Morts to build powder magazines there (1808).

</doc>
<doc id="19553994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19553994" title="James Moroka">
James Moroka

James Sebe Moroka, OLG (16 March 1891 – 10 November 1985) was a medical doctor and a politician, who was the president of the African National Congress 1949–1952.
Moroka was elected as the president of the ANC by the support of the African National Congress Youth League and its leaders Walter Sisulu and Nelson Mandela in December 1949. During Moroka's presidency, the ANC started to implement more militant tactics in fighting the country's Apartheid regime. 
In 1952 Moroka was convicted of "statutory communism" according to the Suppression of Communism Act with 20 other defendants. During the trial Moroka pleaded for mitigation and rejected ANC's principles of racial equality and was soon expelled from the party. 

</doc>
<doc id="19554004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554004" title="Colleen Smart">
Colleen Smart

Colleen Smart (née Hickey) is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera "Home and Away", played by Lyn Collingwood. The character debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 7 March 1988. She was introduced as a recurring character by producer Alan Bateman. She served as comic relief and busybody from 1988. She returned briefly in 1997 before returning as a regular on 23 September 1999 and has remained since. Colleen has been portrayed as the serial's "local gossip", a role that been well received by certain critics. Many storylines have centered on her over protective nature towards her son Lance Smart. Collingwood revealed that she often pitched storylines for Colleen in the hope they would play out on-screen. Collingwood decided to leave the series in 2012 and Colleen departed on 23 May 2012. She made a brief return from 27 November 2012.
Creation and casting.
Colleen was introduced into the serial as a recurring character in 1988 until 1989. Colleen mainly served as a source of comic relief and acted as the busybody type character. Colleen was reintroduced again in 1999 with Collingwood reprising the role.
In May 2012, a writer for "TV Week" revealed Collingwood had left "Home and Away". The actress filmed her final scenes a few months previously and the writer said viewers should have "a tissue box handy" for when they are broadcast. Of Collingwood's exit, her co-star Luke Mitchell said "It was very sad. She's been around nearly as long as Ray. I really enjoyed working with her and she's one of my favourite characters to watch on screen." Collingwood later explained her departure, stating that there were other things she wanted to do. She said "You get to a certain age and you don't know how much longer you'll be around, quite frankly, and my memory is still quite good - I don't know how long that's going to last!" Collingwood added that she will miss her co-stars, in particular Ada Nicodemou and Lynne McGranger. Collingwood made a brief return to "Home and Away" on 27 November.
Character development.
The serial's official website describe Colleen stating: "Colleen is the town gossip, a sticky beak and quick to judge, but she also has a heart of gold. Her main claim to fame was winning the 'Miss Groper Pageant' [...] Colleen is chronically bossy and is not above brow-beating those she cares about, especially her beloved son Lance Smart (Peter Vroom), whom she dotes on." They also add: "She can be the source of information on everything that happens in Summer Bay." Collingwood has said that she likes Colleen's high and mighty behaviour stating: "I like the way she gets all snooty and high-handed and above herself."
Soap opera reporting website Holy Soap describe Colleen stating: "Colleen is the local gossip who always seem to put her foot in it." Whilst interviewed by media reporting website Digital Spy, Collingwood agreed that she shared traits with Colleen which were: "The Irishness and the old-fashioned thing and I guess everybody's a gossip to a certain extent." Of Colleen's chances of finding love again she stated: "As far as the romance goes, there hasn't been anything happening and I don't know when that next one will happen."
Collingwood has stated that she often pitches "crazy plots" for Colleen to the writers in the hope they will implement some. In 2006 she suggested that Colleen should go on a health kick, of this she states: "I had a vision of her and all her mates from the bowling club doing t'ai chi on the beach, the storyline seems to have come and gone though. It was actually used as an excuse for someone else to kiss somebody else!" She has also suggested the ideas of Colleen starting internet dating and an awkward date with Alf Stewart (Ray Meagher).
Storylines.
Backstory.
Colleen was born in Summer Bay as the product of an affair between local businessman Gordon Stewart and Mavis Hickey. Merv Hickey, the man who Colleen believed was her father, was abusive to her and Mavis. Colleen grew up admiring and envying the Stewart family for the family structure she did not have. Colleen fell pregnant at 15 and had a daughter Maureen, who she later adopted out.
In 1959, Colleen won the Miss Groper Beauty pageant and later fell pregnant and subsequently gave birth to a daughter, Colleen later met Lester Smart and they married and they later had a son, Lance.
1988–89.
Colleen is first seen in the general store where she is talking to Celia Stewart (Fiona Spence) and they become good friends and gossips. Colleen tells Pippa Fletcher (Vanessa Downing) that Carly Morris (Sharyn Hodgson) has been sexually assaulted before she gets a chance to, which annoys those around her. Colleen later reappears when Lance wins money ($500,000AUS) on the lottery and he gives some money to his father Les (Kevin Golsby), who runs off with another woman, leaving Colleen devastated. Colleen, unable to remain living in the family home, moves with Lance into his new mobile home much to his chagrin.
Colleen starts feuding with Morag Bellingham (Cornelia Frances) and enjoys insulting Roo Stewart (Justine Clarke). Floss McPhee (Sheila Kennelly) makes Colleen believe in horoscopes and she becomes convinced she shouldn't be with Donald Fisher (Norman Coburn). Floss tries to help her to divorce Donald, and Lance becomes happy with this. He enlists Martin Dibble (Craig Thompson) to help him and they try and make it seem as if Donald is an alcoholic like Les so Colleen will be put off. Celia ruins the plan and gets drunk instead. Donald eventually gave in to Colleen and they become just good friends.
Colleen becomes friends with Lance's new girlfriend Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons). Colleen causes more trouble for Roo when she spreads rumours that she is having an affair with Frank Morgan (Alex Papps) behind her cousin and Frank's wife Bobby's (Nicolle Dickson) back (Almost phophetically, Frank does ultimately leave Bobby for Roo sometime after). When, Lance later ends his relationship with Marilyn, she starts to dislike her and feuds with her. Marilyn tells Colleen it's her constant meddling in Lance's life that caused the breakup. When Lance confirms this, she leaves town to stay with her sister, Patricia in Cairns.
1997–2012.
Colleen makes a brief one-episode return in 1997, babysitting Rachel McGregor (Kelly Glaister). She also encourages Selina Roberts (Tempany Deckert) to contact her mother, Dawn (Kim Deacon). Colleen is not seen for another two years but is referred to as still living in the caravan park in Lance's old mobile home. She helps Marilyn and Donald out whilst they are in America with their ill child Byron. Justine Welles (Bree Desborough) helps Colleen team up with the locals to stop the Caravan park from being redeveloped. Colleen gets a job at the Diner where she becomes good friends with Leah Poulos (Ada Nicodemou). She later helps Sally Fletcher (Kate Richie) as she exposes her fiance Kieran Fletcher (Spencer McLaren) of his attempted affair with Gypsy Nash (Kimberley Cooper). Lance returns and Colleen is delighted, however she soon sets about making her dislike of his new wife Debbie (Kelly Butler) known. Les (now played by Rob Steele) returns and Colleen takes him in, they decide to renew their vows again after they grow close once more. However, when Colleen inists Les gets a job, he tries to avoid doing so. Les later steals Colleen secret savings and leaves with caravan park guest Rhonda Davies (Lynda Stoner), breaking Colleen's heart once again. Colleen starts looking after granddaughter Maggie a lot, but when Debbie finds out she tries to stop Colleen seeing her all together. Leah eventually talks her around and they become friends.
Colleen causes a chip-pan fire at the Diner, she throws water over it and burns the Diner down. Leah takes the blame for Colleen. Eventually the guilt becomes to much and she tries to confess to Ailsa Stewart (Judy Nunn), but Leah prevents her. Ailsa later tells Colleen she knew it was her fault all along, before she dies. Colleen later reveals she had a child out of wedlock and gave it up for adoption. Max Sutherland (Sebastian Elmaloglou) later uses Colleen's bank account to store money in from his book proceeds. Colleen has legal action taken against her over the books copyright status, she covers for Max. Her daughter, Maureen turns up and she thinks she just wants to cash in on her newfound fame. She soon realises Maureen is genuine and they become close, but decides after some time it would be better to keep in touch from a distance and Maureen leaves. Josh West (Daniel Collopy) tries to get rid of her mobile home, so she leaves town but later returns.
Colleen meets Norman Shadbolt (David Whitford); they date and later get engaged. He later leaves her a note saying he couldn't go through with it. Colleen starts feuding with Madge Wilkins over a historian job for the paper. Colleen helps Sally after Flynn Saunders (Joel McIlroy) death, she actually managed to keep the news of his illness a secret. Colleen later finds out she is related to the Stewart family after her mother had an affair with their father. Morag hates the idea of being related to her. She later becomes annoyed at Colleen's interfering with their private affairs. Colleen refuses to accept Martha MacKenzie's (Jodi Gordon) relationship with Hugo Austin (Bernard Curry). This causes a series of arguments in the Stewart family over Colleen's meddling, she later sees that Martha is trying to find happiness again and they make up.
Colleen is later trapped in the Diner when it is fire bombed. She gets over the incident quickly to support old friend Leah who cannot not cope. She is angry when Marilyn returns to town, she states she still has not forgiven her for the breakdown of her and Lance's relationship. When she finds out that Marilyn has cancer she changes her attitude towards her and the become friendly again. Penn Graham (Christian Clark) starts a campaign up against Alf and the other residents of Summer Bay. Items begin going missing from the caravan park. He plants them in Colleen's trailer to make it look as if she has stolen them. She is arrested and spends the night in the cells. She is later released and Charlie Buckton (Esther Anderson) vows to find out the truth. Roo (Georgie Parker) returns to the Bay and Colleen reminds her of her past behaviour. She continues to say that Roo cannot shake her past, until Alf tells her to stop. Colleen serves as Matron of Honour at Gina Austin (Sonia Todd) and John Palmer's (Shane Withington) wedding.
The River Boys come to Summer Bay and Brodie Upton (Guy Edmonds) gets on the wrong side of Colleen. She kicks him and a friend out of the Diner and tells Charlie that she was threatened. Brodie tries to apologise to Colleen, but she refuses to accept it. Brodie later drives off with Colleen's caravan while she is still in it. This leaves Colleen scared to return to the caravan alone, but Morag helps her overcome her anxiety. Colleen begins attending a victims of crime meeting and she meets Keith Irwin (Alan Lovell). Colleen and Keith begin dating, but when Keith is arrested for marijuana possession, Colleen ends their relationship. Colleen starts gossiping about Reverend Elijah Johnson's (Jay Laga'aia) relationship with Laura Carmody (Roxanne Wilson). When she is hit by lightning, Colleen is rendered speechless. Elijah visits her and Colleen believes God is punishing her for spreading rumours. Colleen feels guilty about Elijah's departure from the Church and she attempts to save the local shelter to get him to reconsider.
A storm hits the bay and Colleen shelters at the school. She is trapped in the toilets when the roof caves in, but is rescued when the rubble is cleared. Colleen is upset when she learns Lance is moving to Las Vegas for work. She worries that she will never see him or Maggie again and reveals that gave Lance all her money so she could move in with him. Marilyn, Roo, Leah and Irene buy her a ticket to the Gold Coast, so she can visit Lance and talk. Colleen and her Toby Jugs are featured in the paper and she decides to auction them. However, Jett James (Will McDonald) breaks into Colleen's caravan and break the jugs while he is looking for money. Marilyn helps clean things up and she finds a winning lottery ticket, which she gives to Colleen and convinces her to spend the money wisely. Lance invites his mother to move to Las Vegas with him and Marilyn and Roo throw Colleen a leaving party, before she departs for the airport. Colleen returns for Roo's wedding to Harvey Ryan (Marcus Graham) and later helps treat Harvery's chicken pox. She returns home when Alf gets fed up of having his sisters around.
Reception.
At the 2007 Inside Soap Awards Collingwood was nominated in the category of "Funniest Performance" for her portrayal. Holy Soap recall Colleen's most memorable moment as being: "Trying to cop off with Summer Bay legend Don Fisher, a.k.a. Flathead - to no avail." Sarah Ellis writing for "Inside Soap" commented on Colleen's status as a gossip stating: "When it comes to soap gossips, Colleen Smart is the undisputed tittle-tattle queen." The Press Association have referred to Colleen as an "elderly busy-body". Whilst in character as Borat, actor Sacha Baron Cohen stated he loves Australian television and that his favourite character is Colleen Smart, jokingly adding: "I would like to make romance inside of her." "The Sydney Morning Herald" have referred to Colleen as one of the serial's three "legacy characters", along with Alf and Irene. Collingwood's performance as Colleen once made a reporter from "Inside Soap" cry. They stated that "while Coleen Smart has always been one of the Bay's funniest characters it's been great to see Lyn Collingwood, who plays her, being given a chance to show her dramatic side in the storyline centring on Colleen's gambling addiction."

</doc>
<doc id="19554030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554030" title="Campaign for Safe Road Design">
Campaign for Safe Road Design

The Campaign for Safe Road Design is a partnership between 13 UK major road safety stakeholders that is calling for the UK Government to invest in a safe road infrastructure which in their view could cut deaths on British roads by 33%.
Aims.
The key points of the Campaign are:
Background.
In recent years the UK has fallen behind other European countries in terms of road deaths. Indeed in the last 10 years 375,000 have been killed or seriously injured on Britain's roads. 
It is estimated that a formal safe road infrastructure programme in the UK could reduce the number of accidents on Britain's roads by a third. However, there is poor public appreciation in the UK of the role that safe road design has in reducing road casualties. The Campaign cite research into this subject undertaken by EuroRAP across three EU countries which found that in the UK only 20% of respondents thought that safe roads would save the most lives, whereas in Sweden and Netherlands the figure was as much as 37%.
Partners.
The Campaign is led by 13 key stakeholders in UK road safety. They are: AA, County Surveyors Society, EuroRAP, Freight Transport Association, IAM Motoring Trust, Chartered Institution of Highways and Transportation, Institute of Highway Engineers, PACTS, Prince Michael International Road Safety Award, RAC Foundation, Road Haulage Association, Road Safe, Road Safety Foundation.
European expansion.
The UK Campaign for Safe Road Design has proved to be a success having influenced the UK Department for Transport to support the increase of EuroRAP risk rate mapping to the wider road network in the UK. Following this success EuroRAP has organised a European Campaign for Safe Road Design along the lines of the UK campaign. The European campaign features 28 partners across Europe and aims to influence the EC to use Safe Road Infrastructure Initiatives to cut casualties by 50,000 a year for the next decade, which is the equivalent of €50 billion over the decade or 0.5% of GDP.

</doc>
<doc id="19554042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554042" title="Hoon Thien How">
Hoon Thien How

Hoon Thien How (born December 24, 1986 in Kuala Lumpur) is a professional badminton player from Malaysia.
Career.
Hoon Thien How and Tan Boon Heong were the world junior champion in 2004. Their partnership was ended as Tan patnered Koo Kien Keat. Hoon paired with Chan Chong Ming and then turned to Ong Soon Hock.
Hoon and Ong participated in Indonesia Open 2008 and did their best as they became the semi-finalist, beaten by Candra Wijaya and Tony Gunawan. Latest, they played in China Masters 2008 but once again was beaten.
In 2010, Hoon and Ong were chosen to play for Malaysia Thomas Cup squad.
Currently, he is paired with Tan Wee Kiong. Hoon and Tan managed to break into the top 10 in 20th December 2012. They are currently ranked 7th in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19554084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554084" title="Benjamin Gerrish">
Benjamin Gerrish

Benjamin Gerrish (October 19, 1717 – May 6, 1772) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1759 to 1768.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of John Gerrish and Sarah Hobbes. Binney married Rebecca Dudley in 1744 and they moved to Halifax around 1751, shortly after his brother Joseph had moved there. Gerrish set up in business with Joseph Gray, his brother Joseph's son-in-law. With others, he lobbied for representative government in the province. His brother was elected to the first assembly and Gerrish succeeded him in the second. In 1760, he was named justice of the peace for Halifax County, a captain in the militia and Indian commissary. When Jonathan Belcher became lieutenant governor, he removed Gerrish from the commissary contract. When Belcher allowed the province's debtor's act to lapse in 1761, Gerrish helped lead a boycott of the assembly which eventually led to Belcher's removal. In 1768, Gerrish was named to the province's Council. He died in Southampton in England at the age of 54.
Rebecca, his widow, married John Burbidge, another member of the province's assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="19554107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554107" title="Antoine Choquet de Lindu">
Antoine Choquet de Lindu

Antoine Choquet de Lindu (7 November 1712, Brest – 7 October 1790, Brest) was a French architect and military engineer in the service of the French Navy
Life.
Entering the Navy as a clerk, like his father, he executed a very large number of very important buildings at Brest, well known for their solidity if not for their elegance and so perfectly fitted to their purpose. Made sous-ingénieur in 1743, he then became chief engineer in 1746. From 1764 to 1767, the Ministry of the Navy and the Ministry for War were merged, and Choquet de Lindu was attached to the royal corps of engineers, with a commission as an infantry captain (though he was kept on as director of the maritime works of the port of Brest, under Amédée-François Frézier).
Between 1738 and his retirement in 1784 Choquet de Lindu devoted himself to the rebuilding and expansion of the port of Brest, producing "works of all kinds" – barracks, hospitals, magazines, dry docks, shipyards, theatres, prisons, sail and rope factories, dams and docks. It has been calculated that the buildings built by him over his whole career have a total area of 4,400 square metres. His main works were a Jesuit chapel attached to the hôpital Saint-Louis, the Brest prison and the three basins of Pontaniou (work on which he restarted in 1751, completing them in 1757).
Works.
Buildings.
He also completed projects outside the port of Brest :
Writings.
He wrote the "bagne" ("prison") article in Diderot's "Encyclopédie", and was a member of the académie de marine. He published two works:

</doc>
<doc id="19554147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554147" title="Île d'Arun">
Île d'Arun

The Île d'Arun is an islet in the confluence of the rivers Aulne and Le Faou, at the base of the roadstead of Brest. It is located in the territory of the commune of Rosnoën in Finistère, France, and its highest point above sea level is 11m. Accessible by a land route, it was the stopping-off point for gunpowder headed from the powder-mills at Pont-de-Buis to the naval port at Brest. It thus has the remains of a powder-magazine 

</doc>
<doc id="19554151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554151" title="Katie Holtham">
Katie Holtham

Katie Ann Holtham (born 9 April 1986) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for FA WSL club Notts County. Holtham's manager at former club Leeds Carnegie, Rick Passmoor, described her as: "strong, athletic and a good box to box midfield player."
Club career.
Holtham attended West Bridgford School and was said to have shone in football from an early age. She started playing her club football with West Bridgford Colts (Nottingham) alongside English cricketer and Women's Ashes winner Jenny Gunn. She also played for Notts County's Centre of Excellence, but due to age restrictions had to stop playing in 'mixed teams'. To overcome this problem her dad set up West Bridgford Colts Girls. 
Holtham advanced to playing for Lincoln City in the FA Women's Premier League Northern Division, then signed for Bristol Rovers in 2004. After becoming captain of the 'Gas Girls' Holtham signed for Charlton Athletic in 2006.
In her first season Charlton were beaten 4–1 by quadruple-winning Arsenal in the final of the FA Women's Cup. This was despite Holtham opening the scoring after two minutes, before a record crowd of 24,529 at the City Ground in her home town of Nottingham. 
Holtham joined Leeds Carnegie that summer when Charlton Athletic FC scrapped their women's team after being relegated from the FA Premier League. In her first season at Leeds Carnegie she returned to Nottingham for the FA Women's Cup final, but again lost out 4–1 to Arsenal. She scored in a 3–1 Premier League Cup final win over Everton on 11 February 2010, to help Leeds Carnegie win their first major silverware. 
With Leeds Carnegie's future uncertain, Holtham departed to play the 2010 summer season with professional W-League club Buffalo Flash. She scored three goals in seven matches as the Flash stayed unbeaten and won the league.
In November 2010 Holtham signed for Doncaster Rovers Belles ahead of their inaugural FA WSL campaign. She was awarded the club captaincy and finished the WSL season playing as a central defender. In October 2011 Holtham moved to Australian W-League outfit Perth Glory. She captured the club Players' Player of the Year award after making nine appearances for Perth, in central defence and then in midfield.
Holtham returned to captain The Belles in the 2012 FA WSL, but rejected a contract extension at the end of the season. A transfer to Chelsea Ladies was announced in January 2013. A year later Holtham moved again, returning to Nottingham to sign for Notts County, who were managed by her former Leeds boss Rick Passmoor.
International career.
Holtham represented England at U17, U19, U21 and U23 level. She captained the U19s to the European Championship finals in Hungary in 2005. She has also been named in the senior squad on multiple occasions, without playing in any games.
Personal life.
Holtham attended the National Player Development Centre at Loughborough University, studying sports science.

</doc>
<doc id="19554202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554202" title="Agra City railway station">
Agra City railway station

Agra City is a railway bus Station in the heart of the old City in Agra, India. It is near Belangunj which is the trading hub of Agra. The station is a relic of the past and at present very few trains stop here. 
Overview.
Agra, the 16-17th century capital of the Mughals, is home to monuments such as the Taj Mahal and Agra Fort.The Taj Mahal attracts 2-4 million tourists annually. About 200,000 foreign tourists visit it.
History.
The station belonged to Great Indian Peninsular Railway in British era and was built in 1903 by Mistris of Kutch.

</doc>
<doc id="19554212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554212" title="Mizoram Armed Police">
Mizoram Armed Police

Mizoram Armed Police (MAP) is a Special Unit in the Police Department and one of India's State Armed Police Forces of Ministry of Home in the State of Mizoram, India. At present it comprises 3 Battalions with an additional 3 Indian Reserve Battalions. Each Battalion is Commanded by a Commandant (rank of Senior Superintendent of Police) with other officers.
The 1st Battalion Mizoram Armed Police.
The first Battalion of Mizoram Armed Police was constituted on August 1, 1973 by drafting personnel from the then District Armed Branch of the erstwhile Lushai Hills District of Assam State. The main purpose was to meet the permanent and regular requirements of the Armed Police of the newly created Mizoram Union Territory (U.T.). This unit covers duties in the district as the Armed Reserve Force, like permanent guards and other permanent duties, escort duty for the Treasury, VIPs, prisoners, etcetera. The 1st Bn. MAP, therefore, performed dual functions as both the District Armed Branch and the State Armed Reserve since its inception. In fact, the 1st Bn. MAP catered to the Armed Police needs of Mizoram single-handedly for fifteen years before other Battalions were raised. That period included the year of turmoil, which Mizoram had undergone due to disturbances.
The 2nd Battalion Mizoram Armed Police.
The establishment of 2nd Bn. MAP was started with a strength of two companies in the year 1982 vide letter No. A.12028/1/82-HMP dt. 23.12.1982 from Home Department Government of Mizoram. Four more companies were created and sanctioned vide letter No.A.12028/1/92-HMP dt. 9.10.1987 from Home Department Government of Mizoram and the establishment of a full-fledged 2nd Bn. MAP began on that same date. The two companies of 2nd Bn. MAP were functioning from 1st Bn. Map Headquarters, Aizawl for four years, and following the sanction of full fledged 2nd Bn. MAP, it was shifted to Lunglei on 27.4.1988. The Office of SDPO Lunglei was temporarily utilized as the Main Office of 2nd Bn. MAP, until it was shifted to 2nd Bn. MAP Headquarters, Luangmual on 6.3.1989.
The 3rd Battalion Mizoram Armed Police.
The Government of Mizoram notification A.12028/2/88-HMP Dt. 9.1.1991 and A-12028/2/88-HMP dt. 21.11.1991 paved the way for creation of what came to be known as 4Coy Cell, under the leadership of an Asst. Commandant with a handful of staff. It has functioned since 2.2.91 at 1st Bn. MAP Complex under the direct supervision of AIG-II. In the 1st week of December 1991 its Office was shifted to Police Headquarters. On 23.9.92 the Govt. of Mizoram Home Department vide its order No. 12023/4/92-HMA sanctioned a post of Commandant. Pu. L.H. Shanliana, MPS was appointed its 1st Commandant on 9.11.92 as 4Coy Cell transitioned into another full fledged Battalion known as the 3rd Bn. MAP. On 10.11.92, the Office was shifted from PHQ to Mualpui, occupying an area of 286377 sq. m. The Revenue Department vide its letter No. 15016/106/91-DTE(Rev) dt. 15.9.95 accorded a proper pass No. 169 of 1976. Ever since its designation as 3rd Bn. MAP on its Rising Day i.e. 9.11.92, each successive Commandant has worked tirelessly to make this battalion into the pioneering success it has become.
The 1st Indian Reserve Battalion.
The 1st Indian Reserve Battalion for Mizoram was approved and sanctioned by the govt. of India, Ministry of Home Affairs, New Delhi vide Memo No.II.27011.3.91-FP.III dated New Delhi, the 11.6.1993 and various posts were subsequently created by the Govt.
The 2nd Indian Reserve Battalion.
The 2nd Indian Reserve Battalion was created on 15.1.2001, with plans for its headquarters at Khawzawl. Because the site was not yet fully developed, the unit was allowed to function temporarily out of Police Headquarters Khatla, Aizawl with the bulk of its forces stationed at 3rd MAP Battalion Complex, Mualpui, Aizawl. In the meantime, construction of about 26 different buildings including living quarters and other support facilities were commenced at Khawzawl. Upon completion of the newest site in early 2005 and with the approval of Police Headquarters Khatla, this Battalion Headquarters was shifted to Khawzawl during the month of April 2005 and an Inaugural Function was held on 28.4.2005.
Location.
The Headquarters Khawzawl is perched on a hilltop, on the Eastern side of Mizoram, along the Aizawl-Champhai road, about 157 km away from Aizawl at 93.10 latitude and 23.10 degree longitude in the global positioning. The altimeter reading at the highest point is 1187 meter from the sea level. The town has good communication link i.e. Aizawl-Champhai road passes through the town As per the weatherman’s record, the climate is 30 degree at the maximum (86 degrees Fahrenheit) and 4.5 degree minimum (approx. 40 degrees Fahrenheit) in the Celsius. Approximate annual rainfall is 1751mm.
Weapons.
All the equipment for the Mizoram Police are manufactured indigenously by the Indian Ordnance Factories controlled by the Ordnance Factories Board, Ministry of Defence, Government of India.

</doc>
<doc id="19554217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554217" title="Esoteric Recordings">
Esoteric Recordings

Established in 2007, Esoteric Recordings is a UK independent record label specialising in 70s progressive rock, folk, psychedelic and jazz-rock reissues as part of the Cherry Red Records umbrella of imprints. Its releases include both catalogue reissues and new works from artists who share a similar musical heritage. 
The label’s founder is Mark Powell, who has been a freelance music consultant for major labels such as Universal, Sony and EMI since 2000, working with artists including Soft Machine, Caravan, Camel, Man and Hawkwind, as well as producing label retrospectives covering Deram, Decca, Vertigo, Harvest and United Artists. His consultancy work led to the formation of an independent reissue label, originally titled Eclectic Discs, to licence overlooked releases he considered worthwhile, but weren’t of sufficient commercial stature to interest major labels. Other releases are sourced from the artists themselves, while the label has also been involved in the release of DVD material from artists including Barclay James Harvest.
Speaking in 2008, Powell said: 
Among the label’s releases have been box sets including the six-CD Jack Bruce "Can You Follow?" and the four-CD Bill Nelson "Trial By Intimacy (The Book Of Splendours)" as well as standalone releases by artists including: Man, Claire Hamill, The Keef Hartley Band, Egg, Michael Moorcock, Gary Farr, Daevid Allen and Rare Bird.
More recently in 2012, Esoteric Recordings started a new front line record label, Esoteric Antenna, which recently put out the debut album by Squackett (Steve Hackett and Chris Squire) called "A Life Within a Day". It has also signed several new artists including the Oxford based band, Sanguine Hum and guitarist Matt Stevens.
References.
1. Interview with Alex Ogg for 'My Favourite Flavour' magazine issue 006 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19554235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554235" title="Boxwood Hill, Western Australia">
Boxwood Hill, Western Australia

Boxwood Hill is a locality in the Great Southern Region of Western Australia, situated at the intersection of the South Coast Highway and the Borden-Bremer Bay Road.
The townsite was gazetted in 1963, named after a local shrub, Microcorys sp. Boxwood.
The town itself is composed of only a roadhouse and three houses, but is best known for its excellent sporting facilities. The sports club, which has facilities for football, netball, hockey, cricket and tennis and is known to host over 200 people to sporting events.

</doc>
<doc id="19554243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554243" title="2008–09 Azadegan League">
2008–09 Azadegan League

The following is the standings of the Azadegan League's 2008/09 football season.
Results table.
Group A.
"Last updated June 7, 2009" 
Group B.
"Last updated June 7, 2009" 

</doc>
<doc id="19554246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554246" title="Elias Riggs">
Elias Riggs

Elias Riggs (1810–1901) was an American Presbyterian missionary and linguist born in New Providence, New Jersey. During his missionary activities in the Ottoman Empire he contributed greatly to the Bulgarian National Revival, and organized the first translation (by Neofit Rilski), and worked on editing, printing and dissemination of a translation of the Bible into modern Bulgarian. Riggs did research on Chaldee Language, and also guided the translation of the Bible into modern Armenian language.
The government and church of newly independent Greece originally opposed Riggs' mission, but later had to accept American and British Protestant activities among Christians other than Greeks. Riggs took part in negotiations identifying the then actual ethnic delimitation between Greeks and Bulgarians in the Ottoman Empire, resulting in an approximate line drawn between Serres and Edessa in Macedonia north of which the Christian population was recognized as predominantly Bulgarian. Subsequently, the 1876 Constantinople Conference of the Great Powers confirmed that early delimitation in its more comprehensive definition of ethnic Bulgarian lands as of the late 19th century.
Honour.
Riggs Peak on Smith Island, South Shetland Islands is named after Elias Riggs.

</doc>
<doc id="19554252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554252" title="Tour Vauban">
Tour Vauban

The Tour Vauban (Vauban Tower), initially known as the tour de Camaret, is an 18m-high polygonal defensive tower built to a plan by Vauban on the Sillon at Camaret-sur-Mer, as part of the fortifications of the goulet de Brest. It has three levels and is flanked by walls, a guardhouse and a gun battery which can hold 11 cannons as well as a cannonball foundry added in the French Revolution period.
Drafted in 1683, the tower was designed in 1689 by Vauban and construction was supervised by the military engineer Jean-Pierre Traverse from 1693 to completion in 1696. The 11 cannons in the battery are believed to have been forged with those for the battery on pointe du Grand Gouin, for the Quélern defensive-lines and the many neighbouring batteries. In the French victory in the Battle of Camaret on 18 June 1694, the battery and its two guard houses were only armed with nine 24-pounder cannon and three mortars firing 30 cm balls.
On 18 June 1794 Vauban himself was in command of the garrison when they repelled an Anglo-Dutch attack. The battery put several British vessels out of action. On land, a charge by French dragoons scattered the British troops that had landed, and the local militia helped complete the victory. The French claimed to have killed 1200 attackers and captured 450 prisoners. Vauban's forces claimed to have only suffered 45 men wounded. British estimates were that they had lost 700 soldiers killed, wounded, and captured, and that 400 men aboard the ships were killed or wounded. A Dutch frigate of 20 guns also was sunk.
The Anglo-Dutch fleet anchored between Camaret Bay and Bertheaume. Consequently, Tour Vauban also received some support from Fort de Bertheaume on the opposite side of the Goulet de Brest.
Camaret-sur-Mer is a member of the network of major Vauban sites. Since 7 July 2008 the tour Vauban and 11 other sites have been classed as a World Heritage Site.

</doc>
<doc id="19554289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554289" title="DAC 120 DE">
DAC 120 DE

The DAC 120 DE was a large earth-hauling dump truck designed by DAC, a Romanian manufacturer of heavy equipment, trucks and buses and produced by Mecanica Mârşa (near Avrig).
Designed in 1988, following the American Lectra Haul dump truck model, it became one of the largest earth-hauling trucks in the world. The DAC 120 DE had an empty weight of 90 tonnes, and a maximum capacity of 120 tonnes. It was 10 metres long and 5.4 metres tall over the canopy, with a wheelbase of 3.2 metres. The model was driven by a 8-ton, 65 litre diesel engine, capable of producing 1,040 horsepower (768 kW). This engine powered two Electroputere Craiova electric traction motors in the rear axle. The top speed of the truck was 70 km/h empty and 55 km/h when full. The truck had two 1,600 litres fuel tanks capable of moving the DAC 120 DE (when full) on a 24 hours schedule an entire week.
The total number of trucks built was around 15, of which eight went to the Roşia Poieni copper mine, three at the Mahmudia lime quarry, two at the Danube-Black Sea Canal site and five at the Mc Caimy Monster Pilbara iron ore mine in Western Australia.
The cost of a DAC 120 DE truck was around US$ 300,000, five times cheaper than other models produced in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19554296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554296" title="Joe Abbott (speedway rider)">
Joe Abbott (speedway rider)

John Patrick 'Joe' Abbott (born 12 April 1902 Burnley, England - died 1 July 1950) was an international motorcycle speedway rider who rode in the World Championship final in 1937.
Career summary.
Joe began his career with local track Burnley in 1928 before moving onto Preston for two seasons. He then joined the Belle Vue Aces and stayed there until the outbreak of World War II. At Belle Vue he formed a formidable partnership with Frank Charles which they utilised internationally. He made fifteen appearances for England between 1930 and 1939 and qualified for a World Final.
After the war he became captain of the Harringay Racers in 1947 and transferred to the Odsal Boomerangs in Bradford towards the end of the 1947 season.
On 21 June 1949 Joe was riding in live televised meeting at West Ham Stadium against the West Ham Hammers. Joe crashed and suffered serious injury, but in the crowd were dozens of ambulance men from Poplar hospital who rushed him there immediately. The quick actions saved his life.
Death.
On 1 July 1950 in the National League match for the Boomerangs against the West Ham, Joe, who was now 48 years old fell in his second race and was hit by a following rider and was instantly killed. The riders and promoters decided to carry on with the meeting, as they believed Joe would have wished it. Fans left Odsal Stadium unaware that Joe, with nicknames such as 'India-rubber Man', and "Ironman", had died.

</doc>
<doc id="19554305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554305" title="Network enumeration">
Network enumeration

Network enumeration is a computing activity in which usernames and info on groups, shares, and services of networked computers are retrieved. It should not be confused with network mapping, which only retrieves information about which servers are connected to a specific network and what operating system run on them.
Network Enumeration is the discovery of hosts/devices on a network, they tend to use overt discovery protocols such as ICMP and SNMP to gather information, they may also scan various ports on remote hosts for looking for well known services in an attempt to further identify the function of a remote host.The next stage of enumeration is to fingerprint the Operating System of the remote host.
Software.
A network enumerator or network scanner' is a computer program used to retrieve usernames and info on groups, shares, and services of networked computers. This type of program scans networks for vulnerabilities in the security of that network. If there is a vulnerability with the security of the network, it will send a report back to a hacker who may use this info to exploit that network glitch to gain entry to the network or for other malicious activities. Ethical hackers often also use the information to remove the glitches and strengthen their network.
Malicious (or "black-hat") hackers can, on entry of the network, get to security-sensitive information or corrupt the network making it useless. If this network belonged to a company which used this network on a regular basis, the company would lose the function to send information internally to other departments.
Network enumerators are often used by script kiddies for ease of use, as well as by more experienced hackers in cooperation with other programs/manual lookups. Also, whois queries, zone transfers, ping sweeps, and traceroute can be performed.

</doc>
<doc id="19554306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554306" title="Uher">
Uher

Uher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19554308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554308" title="Jaques Surcouf">
Jaques Surcouf

Jacques M R Surcouf (1873-1934) was a French entomologist.
He was the President of la Société entomologique de France in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="19554311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554311" title="316th Air Division">
316th Air Division

The 316th Airlift Division (316th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with the United States Air Forces in Europe, assigned to Seventeenth Air Force, being stationed at Ramstein Air Base, Germany. It was inactivated on 1 May 1991.
History.
Components.
Wing
Groups
Squadrons
Operational history.
The 316th Bombardment Wing trained in the United States before transfer to Okinawa in August 1945. Assigned units ferried Allied prisoners of war from Japan to the Philippines.
In September 1953, the 316th Division manned, equipped, trained, and maintained assigned units until April 1960. It provided warning and defense against potential hostile air operations against the Moroccan region of North Africa.
In 1985, the division gained operational responsibility to implement war and contingency plans. It also provided host support to units in the Kaiserslautern Military Community (KMC) as well as logistical support for other organizations in the European theater. In April–May 1991, assigned units deployed aircraft and personnel to Turkey in support of Operation Provide Comfort, a humanitarian relief effort to save the Kurds from starvation and resettle them in northern Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="19554321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554321" title="François Naville">
François Naville

François Naville (14 June 1883 – 3 April 1968) was a Swiss physician, director of the medico-legal Institute of the University of Geneva, the only truly neutral expert in the international Katyn Commission investigating the Soviet Katyn massacre of some 22,000 Polish prisoners of war, mostly Polish Army officers, arrested and imprisoned in the course of the Soviet and German invasion of Poland. Their bodies were discovered in a series of large mass graves in the forest near Smolensk in Russia following the Nazi German Operation Barbarossa.

</doc>
<doc id="19554323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554323" title="Still Not Quite Human">
Still Not Quite Human

Still Not Quite Human is a 1992 television movie written and directed by Eric Luke and starring Jay Underwood and Alan Thicke. It is the third and final film in a series based on the "Not Quite Human" novels by Seth McEvoy. The story, which has a darker tone than the previous films, features the human-looking android, Chip, embarking on a mission to rescue his father, who has been kidnapped by a ruthless tycoon in order to acquire his knowledge of android technology. Robyn Lively doesn't return to reprise her role as Becky, but is mentioned as having taken a job in another state. 
Plot.
After giving a failed presentation at a robotics convention, Dr. Jonas Carson (Alan Thicke) is kidnapped and replaced by a look-alike android. His android son, Chip (Jay Underwood), notices the swap and manages to reprogram the impostor into an ally. Since he is like an additional Jonas, Chip names him Bonus (Alan Thicke in a dual role). Chip enlists the aid of a small time pickpocket, Kyle (Adam Philipson), whom he has just befriended, to help him rescue his father. Bonus is able to lead them to the mansion where Dr. Carson is being held, but tight security prevents them from sneaking in successfully. Chip meets up with a high school friend, Kate Morgan (Rosa Nevin), who now works as a policewoman. Officer Morgan has been after Kyle's pickpocketing and illicit watch sales for some time, but agrees to not press charges if he helps Chip rescue Jonas. She devises a plan to assume the personas of wealthy investors in order to gain willful entry to Dr. Frederick Berrigon's (Christopher Neame) estate, seeking guidance from her rich Aunt Mildred (Betsy Palmer) to prepare them.
Their ploy gets them inside, but they are soon found snooping, so Kyle and Bonus keep the guards occupied while Chip finds his father. Just before he breaks into the room where his father is being held, Chip learns that Berrigon was trying to extract Dr. Carson's knowledge to aid in building a war machine android. A moment later, Chip is confronted by a working prototype and is forced to fight it, with Berrigon watching from a distance. Chip has to avoid its laserfire, initially, but he manages to smash the laser with a projectile. The battle becomes a contest of speed and raw strength, with Chip being knocked to the ground and nearly struck in the chest with the end of a metal rod. Chip scrambles up, sets a compressed hydrogen canister on a cart and smashes the valve off, causing it to speed toward the other android and smash it against a group of canisters, which explode. Berrigon, having witnessed Chip's victory, realizes that he must be Dr. Carson's android, but Chip flings him into a mud pond. When several policemen follow Kate to make the arrest, a disheveled and frantic Berrigon yells for them to arrest Chip on account of him being a strong android; unconvinced, they haul him away. A reformed Kyle hugs Chip goodbye; feeling a power panel on Chip's back, Kyle shrugs it off as imagination. Aunt Mildred congratulates her niece on arresting Berrigon then becomes attracted to Bonus, starting a relationship with him.

</doc>
<doc id="19554333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554333" title="Bury Broncos RLFC">
Bury Broncos RLFC

Bury Broncos RLFC is an amateur rugby league football club based in Bury, Greater Manchester, and completed playing in the North West Counties Division 5 competition in March 2011. The club is the only rugby league side in Bury. 
History.
"Bury Broncos" were born out of an open meeting held at the Castle Leisure Centre in December 2007. A group of potential players based in the south of the borough merged with another group based around Bury and out to the north, both groups had been separately looking at the possibility of setting up a new club. With the support of the RFL, a letter was sent to all individuals in the area with a connection to rugby league, and advertisements were placed in the rugby league press. 
Open age players began meeting on Wednesday nights at Goshen Sports Centre, Bury for informal training sessions. In its first two years the club played from the boggy and below regulation size pitch at Derby High School. Then, despite their small playing squad, the club made the decision to join the North West Counties league in September 2008 and the inaugural summer North West Merit League in 2009.
The club continued to recruit players to the open-age team and was promoted from Division 6 in the North West Counties league to Division 5 for the 2009/10 season. More and more players arrived but despite some excellent wins, especially a home win to third placed Eccleston, the season tailed off.
The club began playing on a newly marked pitch marked at Phillips High School in time for the 2010/11 season, forging a partnership with the nearby Stand Cricket Club for post-match entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="19554336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554336" title="Constitution of the Philippines">
Constitution of the Philippines

The Constitution of the Philippines (), popularly known as the 1987 Constitution, is the constitution or the supreme law of the Republic of the Philippines.
It was enacted in 1987, during the administration of President Corazon C. Aquino.
Philippine constitutional law experts recognise three other previous constitutions as having effectively governed the country — the 1935 Commonwealth Constitution, the 1973 Constitution, and the 1986 Freedom Constitution. Two further constitutions were drafted and adopted during two short-lived war-time governments, by the revolutionary forces during the Philippine Revolution with Emilio Aguinaldo as President and by the occupation forces during the Japanese Occupation of the Philippines during World War II with José P. Laurel as President.
Background of the 1987 Constitution.
In 1986, following the People Power Revolution which ousted Ferdinand E. Marcos as President, and following on her own inauguration, Corazon C. Aquino issued Proclamation 3, declaring a national policy to implement the reforms mandated by the people, protecting their basic rights, adopting a provisional constitution, and providing for an orderly transition to a government under a new constitution.
President Aquino later issued Proclamation № 9, creating a Constitutional Commission (popularly abbreviated "ConCom" in the Philippines) to frame a new charter to supersede the Marcos-era 1973 Constitution. Aquino appointed 50 members to the Commission. The members of the Commission were drawn from varied backgrounds, including several former congressmen, former Supreme Court Chief Justice Roberto Concepción, Roman Catholic bishop Teodoro Bacani, and film director Lino Brocka. Aquino also deliberately appointed five members, including former Labour Minister Blas Ople, who had been allied with Marcos until the latter's ouster. After the Commission had convened, it elected Cecilia Muñoz-Palma as its president. Muñoz-Palma had emerged as a leading figure in the anti-Marcos opposition movement following her retirement as the first female Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
The Commission finished the draft charter within four months after convening. Several issues were heatedly debated during the sessions, including on the form of government to adopt, the abolition of the death penalty, the continued retention of the Clark and Subic American military bases, and the integration of economic policies into the Constitution. Brocka would walk out of the Commission before its completion, and two other delegates would dissent from the final draft. The ConCom completed their task on October 12, 1986 and presented the draft constitution to President Aquino on October 15, 1986. After a nationwide information campaign, a plebiscite for its ratification was held on February 2, 1987. More than three-fourths of all votes cast, or 76.37% (17,059,495 voters) favoured ratification versus 22.65% (or 5,058,714 voters) who voted against it. On February 11, 1987, the new Constitution was proclaimed, ratified and made effective, with Aquino, her government, and the Services pledging allegiance to the It later that day.
Parts of the 1987 Constitution.
The Constitution is divided into 18 parts (excluding the Preamble) which are called Articles.
Preamble of the 1987 Constitution.
The Preamble reads:
Significant features of the 1987 Constitution.
The Constitution establishes the Philippines as a "democratic and republican State", where "sovereignty resides in the people and all government authority emanates from them". (Section 1, Article II) Consistent with the doctrine of separation of powers, the powers of the national government are exercised in main by three branches — the legislative branch composed of Congress, the executive branch headed by the President, and the judicial branch with the Supreme Court occupying the highest tier of the judiciary. The President and the members of Congress are directly elected by the people, while the members of the Supreme Court are appointed by the President from a list formed by the Judicial and Bar Council. As with the American system of government, it is Congress which enacts the laws, subject to the veto power of the President which may nonetheless be overturned by a two-thirds vote of Congress (Section 27(1), Article VI). The President has the constitutional duty to ensure the faithful execution of the laws (Section 17, Article VII), while the courts are expressly granted the power of judicial review (Section 1, Article VIII), including the power to nullify or interpret laws. The President is also recognized as the commander-in-chief of the armed forces (Section 18, Article VII).
The Constitution also establishes limited political autonomy to the local government units that act as the municipal governments for provinces, cities, municipalities, and barangays. (Section 1, Article X) Local governments are generally considered as falling under the executive branch, yet local legislation requires enactment by duly elected local legislative bodies. The Constitution (Section 3, Article X) mandated that the Congress would enact a Local Government Code. The Congress duly enacted Republic Act No. 7160, The Local Government Code of 1991, which became effective on January 1, 1992.
The Supreme Court has noted that the Bill of Rights "occupies a position of primacy in the fundamental law".
The Bill of Rights, contained in Article III, enumerates the specific protections against State power. Many of these guarantees are similar to those provided in the American constitution and other democratic constitutions, including the due process and equal protection clause, the right against unwarranted searches and seizures, the right to free speech and the free exercise of religion, the right against self-incrimination, and the right to habeas corpus. The scope and limitations to these rights have largely been determined by Philippine Supreme Court decisions.
Outside of the Bill of Rights, the Constitution also contains several other provisions enumerating various state policies including, i.e., the affirmation of labor "as a primary social economic force" (Section 14, Article II); the equal protection of "the life of the mother and the life of the unborn from conception" (Section 12, Article II); the "Filipino family as the foundation of the nation" (Article XV, Section 1); the recognition of Filipino as "the national language of the Philippines" (Section 6, Article XVI), and even a requirement that "all educational institutions shall undertake regular sports activities throughout the country in cooperation with athletic clubs and other sectors." (Section 19.1, Article XIV) Whether these provisions may, by themselves, be the source of enforceable rights without accompanying legislation has been the subject of considerable debate in the legal sphere and within the Supreme Court. The Court, for example, has ruled that a provision requiring that the State "guarantee equal access to opportunities to public service" could not be enforced without accompanying legislation, and thus could not bar the disallowance of so-called "nuisance candidates" in presidential elections.
But in another case, the Court held that a provision requiring that the State "protect and advance the right of the people to a balanced and healthful ecology" did not require implementing legislation to become the source of operative rights.
Historical constitutions.
Constitution of Biak-na-Bato(1897).
The Katipunan revolution led to the Tejeros Convention where, at San Francisco de Malabón, Cavite, on March 22, 1897, the first presidential and vice presidential elections in Philippine history were held—although only the Katipuneros (members of the Katipunan) were able to take part, and not the general populace. A later meeting of the revolutionary government established there, held on November 1, 1897 at "Biak-na-Bato" in the town of San Miguel de Mayumo in Bulacán, established the "Republic of Biak-na-Bato". The republic had a constitution drafted by Isabelo Artacho and Félix Ferrer and based on the first Cuban Constitution. It is known as the "Constitución Provisional de la República de Filipinas", and was originally written in and promulgated in the Spanish and Tagalog languages.
Malolos Constitution (1899).
The Malolos Constitution was the first republican constitution in Asia. It declared that sovereignty resides exclusively in the people, stated basic civil rights, separated the church and state, and called for the creation of an Assembly of Representatives to act as the legislative body. It also called for a parliamentary republic as the form of government. The president was elected for a term of four years by a majority of the Assembly. It was titled "Constitución política", and was written in Spanish following the declaration of independence from Spain, proclaimed on January 20, 1899, and was enacted and ratified by the Malolos Congress, a Congress held in Malolos, Bulacan.
The Preamble reads:
Acts of the United States Congress.
The Philippines was a United States Territory from December 10, 1898 to March 24, 1934 and therefore under the jurisdiction of the Federal Government of the United States. Two acts of the United States Congress passed during this period can be considered Philippine constitutions in that those acts defined the fundamental political principles and established the structure, procedures, powers and duties of the Philippine government.
Philippine Organic Act of 1902.
The Philippine Organic Act of 1902, sometimes known as the "Philippine Bill of 1902", was the first organic law for the Philippine Islands enacted by the United States Congress. It provided for the creation of a popularly elected Philippine Assembly, and specified that legislative power would be vested in a bicameral legislature composed of the Philippine Commission (upper house) and the Philippine Assembly (lower house). Its key provisions included a bill of rights for the Filipinos and the appointment of two non-voting Filipino Resident Commissioner of the Philippines to represent the Philippines in the United States House of Representatives.
Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916.
The Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916, sometimes known as "Jones Law", modified the structure of the Philippine government by removing the Philippine Commission as the legislative upper house and replacing it with a Senate elected by Filipino voters, creating the Philippines' first fully elected national legislature. This act also explicitly stated that it was and had always been the purpose of the people of the United States to end their sovereignty over the Philippine Islands and to recognise Philippine independence as soon as a stable government can be established therein.
Tydings–McDuffie Act (1934).
Though not a constitution itself, the Tydings–McDuffie Act of 1934 provided authority and defined mechanisms for the establishment of a formal constitution via a constitutional convention.
Commonwealth and Third Republic (1935).
The 1935 Constitution was written in 1934, approved and adopted by the Commonwealth of the Philippines (1935–1946) and later used by the Third Republic (1946–1972). It was written with an eye to meeting the approval of the United States Government as well, so as to ensure that the U.S. would live up to its promise to grant the Philippines independence and not have a premise to hold onto its possession on the grounds that it was too politically immature and hence unready for full, real independence.
The Preamble reads:
The original 1935 Constitution provided for unicameral National Assembly and the President was elected to a six-year term without re-election. It was amended in 1940 to have a bicameral Congress composed of a Senate and House of Representatives, as well the creation of an independent electoral commission. The Constitution now granted the President a four-year term with a maximum of two consecutive terms in office.
A Constitutional Convention was held in 1971 to rewrite the 1935 Constitution. The convention was stained with manifest bribery and corruption. Possibly the most controversial issue was removing the presidential term limit so that Ferdinand E. Marcos could seek election for a third term, which many felt was the true reason for which the convention was called. In any case, the 1935 Constitution was suspended in 1972 with Marcos' proclamation of martial law, the rampant corruption of the constitutional process providing him with one of his major premises for doing so.
Second Republic (1943).
The 1943 Constitution was drafted by a committee appointed by the Philippine Executive Commission, the body established by the Japanese to administer the Philippines in lieu of the Commonwealth of the Philippines which had established a government-in-exile. In mid-1942 Japanese Premier Hideki Tōjō had promised the Filipinos "the honor of independence" which meant that the commission would be supplanted by a formal republic.
The Preparatory Committee for Philippine Independence tasked with drafting a new constitution was composed in large part, of members of the prewar National Assembly and of individuals with experience as delegates to the convention that had drafted the 1935 Constitution. Their draft for the republic to be established under the Japanese Occupation, however, would be limited in duration, provide for indirect, instead of direct, legislative elections, and an even stronger executive branch.
Upon approval of the draft by the Committee, the new charter was ratified in 1943 by an assembly of appointed, provincial representatives of the Kalibapi, the organization established by the Japanese to supplant all previous political parties. Upon ratification by the Kalibapi assembly, the Second Republic was formally proclaimed (1943–1945). José P. Laurel was appointed as President by the National Assembly and inaugurated into office in October 1943. Laurel was highly regarded by the Japanese for having openly criticised the US for the way they ran the Philippines, and because he had a degree from Tokyo International University.
The 1943 Constitution remained in force in Japanese-controlled areas of the Philippines, but was never recognized as legitimate or binding by the governments of the United States or of the Commonwealth of the Philippines and guerrilla organizations loyal to them. In late 1944, President Laurel declared a state of war existed with the United States and the British Empire and proclaimed martial law, essentially ruling by decree. His government in turn went into exile in December 1944, first to Taiwan and then Japan. After the announcement of Japan's surrender, Laurel formally proclaimed the Second Republic as dissolved.
Until the 1960s, the Second Republic, and its officers, were not viewed as legitimate or as having any standing, with the exception of the Supreme Court whose decisions, limited to reviews of criminal and commercial cases as part of a policy of discretion by Chief Justice José Yulo continued to be part of the official records (this was made easier by the Commonwealth never constituting a Supreme Court, and the formal vacancy in the chief justice position for the Commonwealth with the execution of Chief Justice José Abad Santos by the Japanese). It was only during the Macapagal administration that a partial, political rehabilitation of the Japanese-era republic took place, with the recognition of Laurel as a former president and the addition of his cabinet and other officials to the roster of past government officials. However, the 1943 charter was not taught in schools and the laws of the 1943-44 National Assembly never recognized as valid or relevant.
The Preamble reads:
The 1943 Constitution provided strong executive powers. The Legislature consisted of a unicameral National Assembly and only those considered as anti-US could stand for election, although in practice most legislators were appointed rather than elected.
The New Society and the Fourth Republic (1973).
The 1973 Constitution, promulgated after Marcos' declaration of martial law, was supposed to introduce a parliamentary-style government. Legislative power was vested in a National Assembly whose members were elected for six-year terms. The President was ideally elected as the symbolic and purely ceremonial head of state from amongst the Members of the National Assembly for a six-year term and may be re-elected to an unlimited number of terms. Upon election, the President ceased to be a member of the National Assembly. During his term, the President was not allowed to be a member of a political party or hold any other office.
Executive power was meant to be exercised by the Prime Minister who was also elected from amongst the sitting Assemblymen. The Prime Minister was the head of government and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces. This constitution was subsequently amended four times (arguably five, depending on how one considers Proclamation № 3 of 1986, see below).
From 16-17 October 1976, a majority of barangay voters (also called "Citizen Assemblies") approved that martial law should be continued and ratified the amendments to the Constitution proposed by President Marcos.
The 1976 amendments were:
The Sixth Amendment authorised the President to legislate:
Whenever in the judgement of the President there exists a grave emergency or a threat or imminence thereof, or whenever the Interim Batasang Pambansa or the regular National Assembly fails or is unable to act adequately on any matter for any reason that in his judgment requires immediate action, he may, in order to meet the exigency, issue the necessary decrees, orders or letters of instructions, which shall form part of the law of the land.
The 1973 Constitution was further amended in 1980 and 1981. In the 1980 amendment, the retirement age of the members of the Judiciary was extended to 70 years. In the 1981 amendments, the false parliamentary system was formally modified into a French-style semi-presidential system:
The last amendments in 1984 abolished the Executive Committee and restored the position of Vice-President (which did not exist in the original, unamended 1973 Constitution).
While the 1973 Constitution ideally provided for a true parliamentary system, in practise, Marcos had made use of subterfuge and manipulation in order to keep executive powers for himself, rather than devolving these to Parliament headed by the Prime Minister. The end result was that the 1973 Constitution&mbsp; after all amendments and subtle manipulations&mbsp;was merely the abolition of the Senate and a series of cosmetic rewordings. The old American-derived terminology was replaced: for example, the House of Representatives became known as the ""Batasang Pambansà"" (National Assembly), Departments were called "Ministries", and their cabinet secretaries became known as "cabinet ministers", with the President's assistant - the Executive Secretary - becoming the "Prime Minister."
Ultimately, Marcos' so-called "Parliamentary System" therefore functioned as an authoritarian-run Presidential System due to the series of amendments and other modifications put in place after the 1973 Constitution was ratified.
"Freedom Constitution" (1986).
Immediately following the 1986 People Power Revolution that ousted Marcos, President Corazon C. Aquino issued Proclamation № 3 as a provisional constitution. It adopted certain provisions from the 1973 Constitution while abolishing others. It granted the President broad powers to reorganise government and remove officials, as well as mandating the President to appoint a commission to draft a new, more formal Constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="19554349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554349" title="Jean de Beck">
Jean de Beck

Baron Jean de Beck (1588 – 30 August 1648) was a soldier and governor of the Duchy of Luxembourg and of the County of Chiny.
He was born "Jean Beck", the son of Paul Beck and his wife Catherine Ronck (or Ronckart), in house no. 5 (demolished in 1958) of the rue de Trèves in the Grund of Luxembourg City.
In 1619 he joined the Austrian-Habsburg army. In 1632 or 1633 he was promoted to Major-General by Albrecht von Wallenstein, and in 1634 was appointed commander of the Prague garrison.
On 25 February 1634 he was ennobled by Ferdinand II for his service in the Austrian army. In the summer of 1635, after leaving Wallenstein, he returned to Luxembourg.
On 18 April 1637 Ferdinand III made him a Baron. In the same year he became commander of the Luxembourg fortress. The year after he was made provisional governor of the Duchy of Luxembourg and the county of Chiny. This became official on 18 January 1642. In 1643 he became "Maître de camp général" of the army.
In 1639 Beck commanded the Spanish and Imperial vanguard at the relief of Thionville. The same year, he bought Beaufort Castle and built a new castle next to it.
De Beck never forgort his humble origins. Despite acquiring a substantial fortune, he remained generous.
In the Battle of Lens, he was wounded on 20 August 1648 and transported to Arras, where he refused all medical care. A few days later he died of his wounds.
The "Bastion Beck" of the Luxembourg fortress is named after him. It was built in 1644, where the Place de la Constitution is today. Likewise, rue Beck in the city is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19554366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554366" title="Sultone">
Sultone

In organic chemistry, sultones are cyclic sulfonate esters of hydroxy sulfonic acids that exist mainly as four-, seven-, and sometimes five-membered rings. They are often short-lived intermediates, used as strong alkylating agents to introduce a negatively charged sulfonate group.
In the presence of water, they slowly hydrolyze to their respective corrosive hydroxy sulfonic acids. Sultones decompose when heated to produce toxic, foul smelling, sulfur dioxide fumes.
Sultone oximes are key intermediates in the synthesis of the anti-convulsant drug zonisamide.
Sultones are classified as toxic, carcinogenic, mutagenic, and teratogenic.

</doc>
<doc id="19554370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554370" title="1400s">
1400s

1400s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19554374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554374" title="Flat Top Island">
Flat Top Island

Flat Top Island is a 1.58 ha island in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance as a breeding site for seabirds.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Short-tailed Shearwater (400 pairs), Fairy Prion (5000 pairs), Common Diving-Petrel (1000 pairs) and Pacific Gull. The island is a haul-out site for the Australian Fur Seal. The Tasmanian Tree Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19554404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554404" title="Pointe du Grand Gouin">
Pointe du Grand Gouin

The pointe du Grand Gouin is a rocky promontory with vertical cliffs to the west of the inlet of Camaret-sur-Mer in France. It protects a port which, in Vauban's era, was vulnerable to possible landings. It is divided into the Grand Gouin (the top of the cliff) and the Petit Gouin (mid-cliff).
Grand Gouin.
In 1693, Vauban began to organise the defences of Brest with batteries and fortifications all along the Camaret bay, from the pointe du Gouin to the Quélern lines (Louis XIV of France had been warned of an Anglo-Dutch attack in the area, but did not know its precise landing point). In 1695 a mortar battery was set up on the Grand Gouin, though its location is now unknown. These mortar batteries could be directed towards the Cameret inlet and crossed their field of fire with those at Tremet, as well as covering the goulet de Brest to harry an approaching enemy.
The Germans built a platform for four 220mm Schneider guns on a new site here between 1942 and 1943, known as Camaret battery and manned by the 1/1274 HKAA ("Heeres-Küsten-Artillerie-Abteilung"). This had a range of 22 km and formed the most important coastal defence for the Crozon peninsula. It was made up of four batteries (one gun each), each accompanied by four bunkers, as well as a fire-direction point and many anti-aircraft guns.
Petit Gouin.
A battery was built here in 1813, and reorganised in 1859 (during the reinforcement of coastal defence begun in 1841) as a model-redoubt (1846 type, number two). In 1941 the Germans added 2 barrack-casemates on a platform, both armed with nearby 105mm guns. There is also an underground magazine on the site.
External links.
Inventaire général des monuments et des richesses artistiques de la France

</doc>
<doc id="19554419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554419" title="Martin Dixon">
Martin Dixon

Martin Francis Dixon (born 29 September 1955) is an Australian politician. He is a Liberal Party of Australia member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly. He currently serves as Minister for Education and as a member of the Commonwealth Election Observers Panel. 
Dixon was elected as the Member for the Electoral district of Dromana at the 1996 and 1999 Victorian state elections. At the 2002 Victorian state election, after the electoral boundaries were redistributed in 2001, Dixon was elected as the first Member of the newly created Electoral district of Nepean. He was reelected for this seat at the 2006 Victorian state election.
Dixon has been a member of a number of Joint Parliamentary Committees, as well as holding various portfolio positions in Shadow Cabinet including Education and Training, Education Services, Skills and Employment,Innovation, Victorian Communities and Veterans Affairs.
Education.
Dixon was educated at Marcellin College, the Australian Catholic University and La Trobe University. He holds a Diploma of Teaching and a Bachelor of Education degree. Prior to entering Parliament, he worked as a teacher, a school principal and as Deputy Chairman of Primary Education at the Catholic Education Office in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="19554430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554430" title="Pomosexual">
Pomosexual


</doc>
<doc id="19554441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554441" title="1200s">
1200s

1200s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19554448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554448" title="Beddoe Rees">
Beddoe Rees

Sir William Beddoe Rees, usually known simply as Beddoe Rees (1877 - 12 May 1931) was a Welsh industrialist and Liberal politician.
Family and education.
Rees was born in Maesteg, Glamorganshire, the son of the late Isaac Rees, also of Maesteg. He was educated privately and at the University of Wales. Rees was trained as an architect and published one of the few manuals on chapel architecture: 'Chapel building: hints and suggestions'. In 1925, he married Elizabeth, daughter of the late Robert Jones-Griffith, of Dolgellau in Merionethshire. They had one daughter, Rosemary, in May 1927 (died, Bath 15 Sept 2009). In religion, Rees was a nonconformist eventually becoming Joint Treasurer of the National Free Church Council of England and sometime President of the National Free Church Council of Wales. The National Free Church Council has been described as the ‘political arm’ of nonconformity.
Business.
As an architect Rees designed many Welsh chapels before giving up his practice about the beginning of the 1st World War to become managing director of Welsh Garden Cities Ltd, the organisation which built garden villages in several of industrial valleys in South Wales. Rees built up extensive business interests becoming the chairman of a number of companies, mostly in the coal mining and related industries. These included Ashburnham Collieries, Ltd, Ashburnham Steamship and Coal Co. Ltd and North Amman Collieries. He was also a Director of Amalgamated Anthracite Collieries and Welsh Anthracite Collieries, Ltd. At the end of his life however, Rees suffered a complete reversal of financial fortune with the failure of his financial affairs, and he was adjudged bankrupt on 24 July 1930, the debt involving many thousands of pounds. After two adjournments for illness Rees finally appeared for examination on 9 December 1930. He lodged accounts showing total liabilities of £415,951 against assets of £528. However, in March 1931 his debts were discharged, despite the objection of the Official Receiver that he had engaged in rash and hazardous speculation and unjustifiable extravagance in living. The Registrar of the Bankruptcy Court accepted that the depression in the Welsh coal industry had been out of Rees’ control and that the state of the stock market meant other share dealings financed on borrowed monies provided no income in dividend. He also seemed to accept that Rees had been punished personally, in business and socially by the fact of his bankruptcy. Beddoe Rees died soon after these proceedings in May 1931.
Knighthood.
Rees was knighted in June 1917 for his work as chairman of Welsh Garden Cities Ltd, a commercial body, the most striking legacy of which in cooperation with other housing and town planning organisations, was the suburb of Rhiwbina in the north of Cardiff.
Liberal candidate in Cannock.
Rees first stood for Parliament as a Liberal at the 1918 general election in Cannock, Staffordshire. His opponent was a sitting MP and former Chief Whip of the Labour Party in the wartime coalition government, James Parker. Despite Labour having withdrawn from the Coalition to fight the election as an independent party, Parker announced that he was to remain at his post and would fight the election as Coalition candidate. Parker was one of a handful of Labour Party MPs to support the Coalition in the election and in some reports was described as a Liberal, although it is not completely clear if he received the government Coupon. After the election however he retained his job as a government whip being appointed one of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.
MP for Bristol South.
After the disappointment of Cannock, Rees found a political home in Bristol. Despite being opposed by a coalition candidate in Cannock, Rees was a natural supporter of the Lloyd George coalition. He was typical of the backbench Coalition Liberals of the period, many of whom were wealthy industrialists. On the backbenches the party was strongest in terms of bank balances rather than political expertise. His wealth, his position in industry, his fierce anti-socialism, all commended him to Conservatives as his nonconformity, his interest in Welsh national movements and his support for free trade made him attractive to Liberals. Bristol was a coalition stronghold, all five seats in the city being represented at the 1918 general election by parties and candidates supporting the coalition. The sitting Liberal MP for Bristol South, Sir William Howell Davies, who had represented the constituency since 1906, was retiring and Rees was selected to replace him. Despite the fall of the Lloyd George coalition following the vote of the Conservative Party at the Carlton Club, the Tories were reluctant to break the electoral arrangements in Bristol which ensured straight fights in all the seats against Labour to the benefit of their candidates and the Conservatives did not oppose Rees in his contest with D J Vaughan, the Labour man. Thus Rees was elected to Parliament at the 1922 general election with a majority of 3,459 votes.
Rees waited some months before making his maiden speech and chose a debate about miners’ wages in which to make his first contribution. According to "The Times" newspaper it was an ‘excellent maiden speech’. In the speech Rees opposed the Bill designed to establish a minimum wage for coal miners, arguing that its real outcome would be to create a great combine of mineworkers with an organisation capable of holding the country to ransom.
The 1923 General Election.
Rees, despite his public support for the traditional Liberal policy of Free Trade was not an ideological free-trader. He voted in Parliament for the Safeguarding of Industries Act and was in favour of some measure of protection for home markets, an attitude typical of the Bristol merchant class. Despite this, Rees took his stand as a free-trader again at the 1923 general election, presumably to enable him to benefit from the Liberal campaign nationally in support of free trade following Stanley Baldwin’s calling of the election to gain a mandate for imposing tariffs. This approach allowed the Liberals to gain the votes of free-trade Conservatives while retaining their traditional support in rural seats. In Bristol South, Rees again had the full support of the local Conservative Association as well as the Liberals in his fight against the Labour candidate D J Vaughan on an avowedly anti-socialist ticket. It was a noisy and unpleasant campaign with meetings descending into violence. However Rees beat Vaughan by 15,235 to 13,701 - a majority of 1,534.
Liberal divisions.
As a Coalition Liberal, Rees was associated with support for Lloyd George. However, according to the historian Michael Bentley, by 1924 Rees was part of ‘a small group of Liberal Imperialists’ numbering about 12 MPs who were presumably beginning to be wary of some of Lloyd George’s policy positions and his place on the political spectrum in relation to the emerging force of the Labour Party. Rees did later back Lloyd George however. His name was on a list of MPs sent to Lloyd George by Freddie Guest on 1 June 1926 with a promise of support for his leadership, as long as he would give an assurance that he would not enter into an alliance with Labour or support nationalisation of industry. Lloyd George’s carefully worded reply was successful in ensuring the support of enough MPs for his continued leadership of the party. In the end Rees did not actually vote for Lloyd George as he was absent from the critical meeting of Parliamentary Liberal Party on 1 February 1926.
Nevertheless, Rees’ association with the Conservatives brought him into conflict with his own party over the issue of support for the formation of a Labour government after the 1923 election. He was unable to support Asquith’s position of allowing Labour to take office, although he told his electors in Bristol that there was no Liberal principle involved it was merely a matter of being true to the position on which he had fought the last election. He was one of ten Liberals to support Baldwin’s attempt to remain in office. He then voted with the Conservatives on numerous occasions during the rest of the Parliament although he was rarely the only Liberal MP to defy the party line. The party was embarrassed by these divisions in their Parliamentary ranks but they were reaping the harvest of the Asquith–Lloyd George split and the problems which developed during Lloyd George’s coalition with the Conservatives. Liberal unity did not really improve until after Asquith’s death in 1928 and the need for the Liberal Party to reunify in the face of the 1929 general election. Rees’ position was not always appreciated by the local Liberals either. At the end of July 1927 a deputation from the Western Liberal Federation went to see the Chief Whip at Liberal Party headquarters. They complained about the political conduct of Freddie Guest, the member for Bristol North and Beddoe Rees, because of the number of occasions they had voted with the Government against the rest of the members of the party. They requested that the whip should be withdrawn from them.
1924-1929.
By the time of the 1924 general election, Labour had become much more optimistic about doing well in Bristol and thought they would win against Rees. Rees against faced his usual Labour opponent D J Vaughan and the continuing local “pact” with the Unionists meant another straight fight. Despite Labour hopes, Rees held the seat by 16,722 votes to Vaughan’s 15,702 - a reduced majority of 1,020.
The local arrangement with the Conservatives survived for the 1929 general election and again Rees had no Tory opponent. Again the result was expected to be close but in the end it was a comfortable win for the new Labour candidate Alexander Walkden who had a majority of 5,397. Vaughan had finally abandoned Bristol South and had accepted the offer to stand in the Labour seat of Forest of Dean where he was also elected.

</doc>
<doc id="19554466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554466" title="50th Australian Film Institute Awards nominees and winners">
50th Australian Film Institute Awards nominees and winners

The nominees for the 50th Australian Film Institute Awards were announced in Sydney, Australia, on 29 October 2008. The nominees for "Best Documentary, Best Short Fiction Film, and Best Short Animation" were announced on 7 August 2008.
Controversies and comments.
AFI Website "contenders".
On the website of the Australian Film Institute, it listed 25 expected nominees for the "Best Film" category. The 25 contenders were:

</doc>
<doc id="19554473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554473" title="Julio Iglesias">
Julio Iglesias

Julio Iglesias ( born Julio José Iglesias de la Cueva; September 23, 1943) is a Spanish singer and songwriter who has sold over 300 million records worldwide in 14 languages and released 80 albums, and more than 2,600 gold and platinum records certified. According to Sony Music Entertainment, he is the best selling Latin music artist in history.
Early life.
Julio Iglesias was born on September 23, 1943 in Madrid. He is the son of Julio Iglesias, Sr., a medical doctor from Ourense who became one of the youngest gynecologists in the country, and Maria del Rosario de la Cueva y Perignat (1919-2002). Iglesias' paternal ancestry comes from Galicia, his paternal grandparents were named Manuela Puga Noguerol and Ulpiano Iglesias Sarria. His maternal grandparents were Jose de la Cueva y Orejuela (1887-1955), and Dolores de Perignat y Ruiz de Benavides, who was a native of Puerto Rico. Iglesias claims that he has Jewish ancestry on his maternal side, having mentioned his mother's name "de la Cueva y Perignat" (literally "of the cave"), referring to Jewish people in hiding, is a very common Jewish name. He alternated playing professional football with studying law at the CEU San Pablo University in Madrid. In the earliest years of his young adulthood, he was a football goalkeeper for Real Madrid Castilla. His professional football career ended when he had a serious car accident, due to which he was unable to walk for two years. Afterwards, he said of those years, "I had more courage and attitude than talent." These were sorely tested when he was involved in that car crash that smashed his lower spine; his legs were permanently weakened as a direct result, and they still required therapy several years later. During his hospitalization after the accident, a nurse gave him a guitar that he might have something to do with his hands. In learning to play, he discovered his musical talent. After his revalidation, Iglesias studied for three months at Bell Educational Trust's Language School in Cambridge, UK. After that, he went back to obtain his law degree at Complutense University of Madrid.
Entertainment career.
In 1968, he won the Benidorm International Song Festival, a songwriter's event in Spain, with the song ""La vida sigue igual"" (meaning "Life Goes On The Same") which was used in the film "La vida sigue igual," about his own life. After this event, he signed a deal with Discos Columbia, the Spanish branch of the Columbia Records company. He represented Spain in the 1970 Eurovision Song Contest, finishing in fourth place, behind Ireland's winning entry performed by Dana. His entry was the song "Gwendolyne." Shortly after he had a number one hit in many European countries with "Un Canto A Galicia." That single sold 1 million copies in Germany. In 1975 he found success in the Italian market by recording a song exclusively in Italian called "Se mi lasci non vale" ("If You Leave Me, It Can't Be"). Notable albums from this decade are "A Flor de Piel" (1974, with the European hit "Manuela"), "El Amor" (1975), and "Soy" (1973). He also sang in French. One of his popular songs is "Je n'ai pas changé".
In 1979, he moved to Miami, Florida, in the United States and signed a deal with CBS International, and started singing in different languages such as English, French, Portuguese, German and other languages to his music. Iglesias released the album "De Niña a Mujer" (1981), dedicated to his daughter (who shared the cover photo with him), from it came the first English-language hit, a Spanish cover of "Begin the Beguine" which became number 1 in the United Kingdom; he also released a collection, "Julio" (1983). In 1984, he released "1100 Bel Air Place", the hit album which established him as a star in the English-speaking entertainment industry. It sold over three million albums in the United States alone. The first single "To All the Girls I've Loved Before", a duet with Willie Nelson, hit #1 on the Country charts and went Top Five in the Billboard Hot 100. It also featured "All of You", with Diana Ross, a Top Twenty Pop hit.
Iglesias made a cameo appearance as himself, on "The Golden Girls" as Sophia Petrillo's date on St. Valentine's Day 1989. In 1984 he recorded the previously mentioned duets with Diana Ross and Willie Nelson. Iglesias won a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album in the 1988 Grammy Awards for the album "Un Hombre Solo" ("A Man Alone"). He recorded a duet with Stevie Wonder on "My Love", in his "Non Stop" album, a crossover success in 1988. In the 1990s, Iglesias returned to his original Spanish melody in "Tango" (1996), nominated for Best Latin Pop Album at the 1998 Grammy Awards, losing to the "Romances" album by Mexican singer, Luis Miguel.
In 2003, he released his album "Divorcio" ("Divorce"). In its first day of sales, "Divorcio" sold a record 350,000 albums in Spain, and reached the number 1 spot on the charts in Spain, Portugal, France, Italy, and Russia. In 2003 and 2004, aided by the success of his "Divorcio" album, Iglesias went on a ten-month world tour which took him from Europe to Asia and then on to North America, South America and Africa. More than half the shows on that tour sold out within days of going on sale. In December 2004, his Dutch girlfriend Miranda Rijnsburger and Iglesias himself recorded a duet of the Christmas song "Silent Night". The song, which was not officially released, also included a voice message from Iglesias, Rijnsburger and their 4 young children of that time. The song was released online through the singer's official website and a CD was included on their Christmas card as a holiday gift from the Iglesias family to their friends and fans around the world.
In 2008, Iglesias recorded another song as a gift to his fans. The family recorded "The Little Drummer Boy" in Spanish and English and included it in the family's Christmas card. Iglesias also made investments in the Dominican Republic's eastern town of Punta Cana, a major tourist destination, where he spends most of the year. In fact, he has been a Dominican citizen since 2005.
When not on tour, he spends the rest of his time at his Miami residence. That south Florida mansion on the exclusive private Indian Creek Island property was placed on the market in 2006 for a quoted $28 million, making it one of "Ten Most Expensive Homes in the South" in 2006 according to Forbes Magazine.
In September 2006, a new English album titled "Romantic Classics" was released. "I've chosen songs from the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s that I believe will come to be regarded as the new standards", Iglesias stated in the album's sleeve notes. The album features the hits "I Want to Know What Love Is", "Careless Whisper", and "Right Here Waiting". "Romantic Classics" was Iglesias's highest debut on the Billboard charts, entering at number 31 in the United States, 21 in Canada, 10 in Australia, and top spots across Europe and Asia. He returned to the studio to record songs in Filipino and Indonesian for his Asian releases of "Romantic Classics" which helped propel record sales in the Asian entertainment industry. Iglesias promoted "Romantic Classics" in 2006 and was seen all over the world on television shows. For example, in the United States, he appeared on "Dancing With The Stars" (where he sang his hit "I Want To Know What Love Is"), "Good Morning America", "The View", "Fox and Friends", and "Martha Stewart."
In 2008, Iglesias made a music video with Gulnara Karimova, the daughter of Uzbek dictator Islam Karimov.
In 2008, after his house in Indian Creek did not sell at his asking price, he razed it to the ground and said he planned to build another next to that property. In 2012, he purchased the empty lot and announced he planned to build another home.
In March 2011, the artist launched a new studio album called "Numero 1".
Iglesias' performance of the song La Mer ("The Sea") is featured in the soundtrack of the 2011 film Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (film). The performance comes from a live album, currently out-of-print, recorded live at the Olympia theater in Paris in 1976. At the beginning and the end of the recording, Iglesias introduces the song, and his backing musicians, in fluent French.
In October 2012, Iglesias performed a concert in Equatorial Guinea, where tickets were reportedly $1,000 each.
On 1 April 2013, in Beijing, he received two historic awards: First & Most Popular International Artist of All Time in China, an award given by Sony Music China and which was presented to Julio by the World renowned Chinese artist Lang Lang, and the Guinness World Records for the Best-selling Male Latin Artist. On 23 April 2013, he was inducted into the Latin Songwriters Hall of Fame, alongside Armando Manzanero and José Feliciano.
Personal life.
On 29 January 1971 Iglesias married María Isabel Preysler Arrastía (born 18 February 1951 in Manila), better known as Isabel Preysler, a Filipina journalist and television host. Preysler is a Filipino of Spanish ancestry and member of the wealthy and aristocratic Perez de Tagle family, a Filipino cadet branch of the Spanish dynasty that has held the marquisate of Altamira since the 1600s. Together, they had three children: Chabeli Iglesias (born 1 August 1971), a Spanish socialite; Julio Iglesias, Jr. (born 25 February 1973), a Spanish singer; and Enrique Iglesias (born 8 May 1975), an internationally well-known Spanish-American singer-songwriter, actor, and record producer. In the 1970s Iglesias and his family were extensively depicted on the front pages of international newspapers and magazines. The marriage of Iglesias and Preysler was annulled in 1979.
After his divorce, Iglesias lived together with the 23 years younger Dutch model Miranda Rijnsburger, whom he married on 26 August 2010 in a small church in Marbella, Spain. They had five children: Miguel Alejandro (born 7 September 1997), Rodrigo (born 3 April 1999), the twins Cristina and Victoria (both born 1 May 2001), and Guillermo (born 5 May 2007). They live in the Dominican Republic, where Iglesias owns several hotel complexes. Among his possessions is also the Punta Cana International Airport, which he owns along with people like fashion designer Oscar de la Renta.
On 19 December 2005, his father Julio Iglesias Sr. died to a heart attack at the age of ninety. A week before his death it became known that the 42-year-old wife of Julio Iglesias Sr., Ronna Keith, was pregnant with their second child. Their first child, Jaime, was born on 18 May 2004. The second child, a daughter, Ruth, was born on 26 July 2006. The children of the singer Julio Iglesias, like Enrique Iglesias, should thus say 'uncle' and 'auntie' to kids who are decades younger than themselves.
Discography.
Studio, live, remastered and compilation main albums

</doc>
<doc id="19554474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554474" title="The Superb">
The Superb

The Superb was used as U.S. President Warren G. Harding's personal Pullman railroad car in a cross-country tour in 1923. After Harding's death, the car returned his body from San Francisco to Washington, D.C.. Built in 1911, it is the second oldest steel private car in existence. It had previously been used by Woodrow Wilson. In 1926 it was temporarily renamed "Pope Pius XI" for the Cardinal's Train from New York to Chicago. Later it was an office car for the Charleston and West Carolina, Atlantic Coast Line and Seaboard Coast Line railroads.
The car is presently located at the Southeastern Railway Museum in Duluth, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19554487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554487" title="Virtaal">
Virtaal

Virtaal is a computer-assisted translation tool written in the Python programming language. It is free software developed and maintained by Translate.org.za.
Virtaal is built using the Translate Toolkit allowing it to process a number of translation and localisation formats.
Design Philosophy.
The key principle behind the design of Virtaal is the optimisation of the interface for the localiser. This includes ensuring that all relevant functionality is keyboard accessible and that needed information is always optimally displayed.
History.
Work on Virtaal began in 2007 with an initial 0.1 release made to a small number of open source localisers. Version 0.2, released in October 2008, became the first official release.
Name.
The name Virtaal, pronounced , is a play on words. In Afrikaans, an official language of South Africa where Translate.org.za is located, the expression "vir taal" means "for language", while the word "vertaal" (pronounced the same as "vir taal") means "translate".
Supported source document formats.
Virtaal works directly with any of the bilingual (containing both source and target language) files understood by the Translate Toolkit. This would include XLIFF, Gettext PO and MO, various Qt files (.qm, .ts, .qph), Wordfast translation memory, TBX, TMX and OmegaT glossaries.

</doc>
<doc id="19554489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554489" title="Kerbonn">
Kerbonn

Kerbonn is a village in the commune of Camaret-sur-Mer in France, between the pointe de Pen-Hir and the pointe du Toulinguet, on the Crozon peninsula. As well as its fortifications, the site also houses the ruins of the manor of Coecilian.
Kerbonn batteries.
Kerbonn's many fortifications form part of the defences of the goulet de Brest. The first fortification on the site is a mortar battery dating to 1889-1891, with its underground magazine. The Fort de Kerbonn is a side battery, designed to fire on ships in the roadstead of Brest. Another French battery was built in 1932, and between 1942 and 1944 the Germans built four casemates on the site to house French 164mm guns, 6 air-raid shelters, one fire-direction post and three anti-aircraft-gun positions. One of these German casemates now houses a memorial to the Battle of the Atlantic.

</doc>
