<doc id="19428806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428806" title="Middleton Lakes RSPB reserve">
Middleton Lakes RSPB reserve

Middleton Lakes RSPB reserve is a nature reserve, formally opened on 19 May 2011, created and run by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds at Middleton, Warwickshire, England, just south of Tamworth. The Northern part of the reserve lies in Staffordshire, yet the reserve is only a few minutes from the outskirts of Birmingham.
Much of the site was, until its acquisition by the RSPB in 2007, a gravel quarry, operated by Hanson Aggregates. The site was formerly referred to, in birding literature, as Fishers Mill- (Warwickshire), Drayton Bassett- (Staffordshire) and Dosthill- (to the East) -Lakes, -Pools, -Pits or -Gravel Pits.
Layout.
The reserve lies to the rear of Middleton Hall, whose catering and toilet facilities are available to reserve visitors. The River Tame flows Northwards through the reserve, some miles downstream from RSPB Sandwell Valley and not far from the West Midland Bird Club's Ladywalk Reserve and Kingsbury Water Park. The water ends up, via the Trent and Humber, in the North Sea.
The Birmingham and Fazeley Canal runs through the reserve, West of the river and roughly parallel to it. It separates the flooded and re-modelled former gravel pits to the East from an area of ancient woodland and former agricultural fields. The canal is crossed by Fishers Mill Bridge, on the county border. A public bridleway also runs through the Western half of the reserve, roughly East-West, as does a stream, Langley Brook, which rises in Sutton Coldfield and flows into the Tame on the reserve.
South of the main pools, is an area of meadowland. A smaller meadow near the visitor carpark is set aside for children's play.
Some pools East of the river (sometimes known as Dosthill North) are also part of the reserve, and a public right of way to them and the nearby village of Dosthill, in Staffordshire, also exists, although the public bridge over the river collapsed and is awaiting replacement.
There are four established walking trails, varying from 500 m to in length, with three purpose-built viewing platforms and a viewing screen. The RSPB plans to erect a bird hide at the northern end of the reserve, and later to provide a visitor centre.
Vehicular access for visitors is from Bodymoor Heath Lane, alongside Aston Villa's Bodymoor Heath Training Ground, some distance south of the reserve.
Management.
The quarry was redeveloped as a reserve in conjunction with Hanson and Staffordshire County Council. Islands and spits were created in the former gravel pits. Ten hectares of Willow were removed and the edges of pools re-profiled to a gentle slope of 1:30, instead of the 1:3 used during quarrying, to provide greater areas of mud and thus appeal to wading birds. The large meadow is grazed by a herd of English Longhorn cattle, ensuring ideal conditions for nesting Skylarks and wild flowers.
Wildlife.
The area is regionally important for overwintering wildfowl such as Common Pochard, Tufted Duck and Smew. Other notable bird species include Lesser Spotted Woodpecker, Eurasian Bittern, Barn Owl, Short-eared Owl, Little Egret, Marsh Harrier and Cetti's Warbler. Grey Herons breed in a heronry near the play meadow, with up to 100 individuals present.
Even before the establishment of the reserve, the gravel pits were known for their attraction to breeding, passage migrant and vagrant birds. In the latter category, a Least Sandpiper and a Pectoral Sandpiper visited for overlapping periods in May 2002. More recently, the reserve has been visited by rarities including Glossy Ibis, Cattle Egret, and Great White Egret.
Otters are also present, as are a total of over 1,000 other animal plant and fungus species.
The RSPB's targets include attracting Bearded Reedling, Northern Lapwing, Common Redshank and Common Snipe to breed, or to do so in greater numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="19428808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428808" title="Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988">
Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988

The Netherlands participated at the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, held in Dublin, Ireland.
After coming 5th at the 1987 contest with "Rechtop in de wind", Dutch broadcaster Nederlandse Omroep Stichting (NOS) internally selected Gerard Joling to sing for the Netherlands at the upcoming contest in Dublin. At the Nationaal Songfestival 1988 was held on 23 March at the Congresgebouw in The Hague. Joling sang all songs in the final.
Nationaal Songfestival 1988.
The Nationaal Songfestival 1988 was held on 23 March at the Congresgebouw in The Hague, hosted by Astrid Joosten. The winner was chosen by a 55-person jury who gave each song a mark out of 6.
At Eurovision.
Joling performed 7th on the night of the contest, following Spain and preceding Israel. His song received 70 points, placing 9th of 22 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19428819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428819" title="Əhmədli, Dashkasan">
Əhmədli, Dashkasan

Əhmədli, Dashkasan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19428821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428821" title="Timothy E. Ellsworth">
Timothy E. Ellsworth

Timothy Edwards Ellsworth (September 21, 1836, East Windsor, Hartford County, Connecticut – February 10, 1904, Lockport, Niagara County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was President pro tempore of the New York State Senate from 1896 to 1902.
Biography.
He graduated from University of Rochester in 1857. He was admitted to the bar in 1858, and became a clerk in the law office of Gardner & Lamont in Lockport.
In August 1861 he raised a company of cavalry which became part of the 7th Regiment of Volunteer Cavalry and became its captain. In March 1862, he joined the staff of General James S. Wadsworth where he remained until the general's death in May 1864. He finished the American Civil War as a colonel, and returned to Lockport where he formed a partnership with George D. Lamont until the latter was appointed to the New York Supreme Court.
From 1870 to 1878, he was Collector of Customs at the Lockport Suspension Bridge. 
He was a member of the New York State Senate (30th D.) from 1882 to 1885, sitting in the 105th, 106th, 107th and 108th New York State Legislatures. 
He was again a member of the State Senate (45th D.) from 1896 to 1902, sitting in the 119th, 120th, 121st, 122nd, 123rd, 124th and 125th New York State Legislatures; and was President pro tempore. In 1897, he introduced the much debated "Press Gag" bill in the State Senate, which did not pass.

</doc>
<doc id="19428829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428829" title="Aman Johal">
Aman Johal

Aman Johal is an Indo-Canadian film actor. He was born on July 21, 1993, in Squamish, British Columbia.
Film credits include "Bad News Bears" (2005), "Juno" (2007) and as Ahmet from India in the 2009 film "Jennifer's Body".
Johal won the Young Artist Award for Best Ensemble Cast for his work in "Bad News Bears".

</doc>
<doc id="19428835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428835" title="Epergne">
Epergne

Epergne is a type of table centerpiece, usually made of silver, but may be made of any metal or glass or porcelain.
Design.
An epergne generally has a large central "bowl" or basket sitting on three to five feet. From this center "bowl" radiate branches supporting small baskets, dishes, or candleholders. There may be between two and seven branches. Epergnes were traditionally made from silver, however from around the start of the 20th century glass was also employed.
Use.
An epergne may be used to hold any type of food or dessert. It may also be used as a designer object to hold candles, flowers or ornaments for a holiday etc. 
In traditional use, an epergne is a fancy way to display side dishes, fruit, or sweetmeats, or can be used for chips, dips, or other finger foods etc.
Name.
Probably from the French "épargne" meaning "saving", the idea being that dinner guests were saved the trouble of passing dishes (although an epergne in French is called a surtout). In addition the word epergne in French can also mean "spare", another way of saying "to save", or a spare meaning "reserve or extra".

</doc>
<doc id="19428836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428836" title="Otto Hooff">
Otto Hooff

Otto Hooff (March 29, 1881 – 1960) was a German diver who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
In 1904 he finished fifth in the platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19428858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428858" title="International Public Partnerships">
International Public Partnerships

International Public Partnerships () is a large British investment company dedicated to PFI investments. Established in 2006 as Babcock & Brown Public Partnerships, the company adopted its present name on 25 June 2009. It is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. The Chairman is Graham Keith Dorrian.

</doc>
<doc id="19428860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428860" title="Melmerby Beach Provincial Park">
Melmerby Beach Provincial Park

Melmerby Beach Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located on the province's North Shore fronting the Northumberland Strait approximately northeast of New Glasgow. The sand barrier beach is approximately 2 km in length and connects Kings Head with Roy Island.
The provincial park was established on 26 July 1977.
The park takes its name from the sailing barque "Melmerby" which was wrecked at the beach in 1890 with considerable loss of life.

</doc>
<doc id="19428873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428873" title="BH Global">
BH Global

BH Global () is a large British investment company dedicated to the global fixed income and foreign exchange markets. Established in 2008, the company is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. The fund is a "feeder" fund into several investment vehicles of hedge fund Brevan Howard. The chairman is Lord Turnbull.
See also.
Brevan Howard

</doc>
<doc id="19428885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428885" title="Władysław Kędra">
Władysław Kędra

Władysław Kędra (16 September 191826 September 1968) was a Polish pianist. 
Kędra was born in Łódź. He made his debut in 1933, performing Haydn's 11th Concerto and Camille Saint-Saëns's "Rapsodie d'Auvergne". He graduated from the Łódź Conservatory in 1937. He took part in the 3rd International Chopin Piano Competition, attracting juror Magda Tagliaferro's attention. He finished his studies in Paris.
During World War II he secretly performed banned Polish music in Warsaw. The precarious circumstances affected Kędra's hands, but he overcame this. Settling back in Łódź after the German capitulation, he took part in the 1946 Concours de Geneve and the 4th Chopin Piano Competition, where he was awarded a 5th prize, which launched his concert career. In 1957 he settled in Vienna. He made many recordings, and died in Warsaw from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19428890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428890" title="Jens Stefenson">
Jens Stefenson

Jens Harald Stefenson (February 1, 1895 – March 1, 1986) was a Swedish diver who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Örebro and died in Täby.
In 1912 he was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform competition as well as in the plain high diving event.

</doc>
<doc id="19428903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428903" title="HICL Infrastructure Company">
HICL Infrastructure Company

HICL Infrastructure Company () is a large British investment company dedicated to PFI investments. Established in 2006, the company is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. The Chairman is Graham Picken.

</doc>
<doc id="19428914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428914" title="Romanos Alyfantis">
Romanos Alyfantis

Romanos Iasonas Alyfantis (; born 21 March 1986) is a breaststroke swimmer from Greece. He won a silver medal at the 2005 Mediterranean Games, and represented his native country at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19428916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428916" title="Thames River Multi Hedge PCC">
Thames River Multi Hedge PCC

Thames River Multi Hedge PCC () is a large British hedge fund. Established in 2004, the company is a former constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. The Chairman is William Backhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19428919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428919" title="Gudrun Krämer">
Gudrun Krämer

Gudrun Krämer is a German scholar of Islamic history and co-editor of the third edition of the Encyclopaedia of Islam. She is professor of Islamic studies, Chair of the Institute of Islamic Studies at the Free University of Berlin and a member of the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities. Her expertise is in topics related to modern Islamic history and in Islam, democracy, and modernity.
Life.
Kramer was born in Marburg, Hesse in 1953. She earned her doctorate from the University of Hamburg in 1982, with her dissertation focusing on the History of the Jews in Egypt. She spent some time as a researcher for the German Institute for International and Security Affairs and a lecturer at the University of Bonn.
Work.
Kramer is noted as an analyst of Islamism from both a theological and textual standpoint, examining both the theoretical and practical implications of political Islam. In 2010, she was the first Islamic studies scholar to earn the International Research Prize from the Gerda Henkel Foundation due to the influence of her historical and cultural research on Muslims and its potential to explain current events.

</doc>
<doc id="19428928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428928" title="Seagrasses of Western Australia">
Seagrasses of Western Australia

The Seagrasses of Western Australia are submerged flowering plants found along the coast, around islands, and in estuaries of Western Australia. The region contains some of the largest seagrass meadows in the world, and is the most diverse in the number of species. The variety of habitats along its western and southern coasts is often soft sands in shallow subtropical waters, ideal for these plants. 
Description.
Marine grasses are flowering plants that evolved from terrestrial grasses to habitat in coastal waters. In contrast to seaweeds, usually found on rocks, seagrass colonises sandy ocean beds to form dense stands and meadows. 
The Western Australian coastline, along with its islands, is over 20,000 km long. These tropical to temperate waters extend from latitudes 32-34°S to 12°S. The great diversity of habitat in these coastal regions of Western Australia are occupied by seagrasses, frequently 'engineering' habitat through colonisation of shallow ocean floors. These plants possess rhizomes which extend under the sand, stems emerge from these with one, or many, flattened and elongated leaves. These features allow the plants to stabilise the substrate, anchor themselves against currents, and change the environment. 
A colony may have one or several species of seagrass, and a large number of other species living within it. 
The area covered by seagrass in Western Australian waters is equivalent to Australia's rainforest.
Distribution.
The range extends to the temperate regions of the Southern Ocean. Some areas of the southern coast provide suitable habitat, such as those at King George Sound and the Archipelago of the Recherche, the warmer water of the Leeuwin Current contributes the diversity of these seagrass communities. The western coast contain notable and diverse seagrass beds; Cockburn Sound and the Swan River estuary, and the Houtman Abrolhos, Rottnest and other islands. The Wooramel Seagrass Bank 12 species - estimated 4,500 km² of seabed - at Shark Bay is "the largest reported seagrass meadows in the world "(Walker, 1989). The Timor Sea is largely unsurveyed.
Ecosystem.
Seagrasses are the foundation of complex ecosystems, primarily from the ability to colonise inshore coastal sand with its roots and matted rhizomes. These meadows are able to provide habitat to other species, especially epiphytic relationships, and are a food source for other organisms. Western rock lobsters are found as juveniles amongst seagrass, receiving food and shelter until they reach maturity. The leaves are also eaten by dugong and other creatures.
Diversity.
The seagrasses of Western Australia are the most diverse of any region in the world, 26 species in 11 genera are currently described.
The four families of Alismatales includes three genera within Hydrocharitaceae, a largely aquatic family of tape grasses, and seven other genera of marine species.

</doc>
<doc id="19428930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428930" title="Ketchuptown, South Carolina">
Ketchuptown, South Carolina

Ketchuptown is an historic unincorporated community located in Horry County, South Carolina, United States. Ketchuptown is at the intersection of Highways 23 and 99 north of Aynor, South Carolina. 
Ketchuptown is known to be a small homestead, and farming community. During the 1920s farmers in the community about ten miles north of Aynor would say to one another, "Lets go catch up on the news." Every Saturday afternoon would find them at a little country store in Ketchuptown. Highway 99 led east to Loris, South Carolina and southwest to Galivants Ferry, South Carolina. Cool Spring was about ten miles away on Highway 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19428934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428934" title="McKenzie Mountain">
McKenzie Mountain

McKenzie Mountain is a mountain in western Essex County in the towns of St. Armand and North Elba in the Adirondack Park, a unit of the Forest Preserve. 
The mountain was formerly known as Saddleback, due to its shape. There are two trails to the top. One, maintained by NYSDEC, begins at the Jackrabbit Ski Trail, that runs between Saranac Lake and Lake Placid. The other, maintained by the Lake Placid Shore Owner's Association, dates to 1896; it leads from the Lake Shore Path to the summit. Views from the top are extensive, from Whiteface Mountain to the north, with Lake Placid at its feet, to Gothics, Mount Marcy and the Great Range, and the Seward Mountains to the south. A ledge to the west of the trail offers views of the village of Saranac Lake and the Saranac Lakes spread out beyond, Moose Pond, Azure Mountain, Saint Regis Mountain and Debar Mountain to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19428937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428937" title="Tiverton Preedy">
Tiverton Preedy

Tiverton Preedy (22 January 1863 – 26 April 1928) was an English clergyman who worked in Yorkshire and London from 1887 until his death, where he was noted for his work with the poor. He was particularly interested in the use of sport within ministry, and founded a church football team in the town of Barnsley which became the modern Barnsley F.C.
In 1883 he moved to London to become curate of a church in Islington, and later opened a nearby mission. He opened a boxing club at the mission and organised dances for local flower sellers. In recognition of his work, he was appointed a prebendary of St. Pauls Cathedral in 1926. He died two years later and is buried in Islington Cemetery. In the 1990s, supporters of Barnsley F.C. located and restored his grave.
Early life.
Preedy was born in Hunstanton in the county of Norfolk in 1863, the second son of a local estate agent. He attended Bloxham School near Sleaford, Lincolnshire before entering Lincoln Theological College in 1885, where he trained to become a minister in the Church of England. In 1887 he was ordained as a deacon, and in the same year was appointed to the position of Assistant Stipendiary Curate at St Peter's church in the centre of Barnsley. The church had originally been set up as a mission to tend to the people of the poverty-stricken area, but was licensed as a parish in its own right in 1887. Preedy was engaged to assist the vicar, John Lloyd Brereton.
During his time at Theological College, Preedy had become keen on the concept of using sport to engender moral values, an idea much in vogue at the time and known as muscular Christianity. To this end, he decided to join a local sporting club, through which he hoped to come into closer contact with the local people. He initially joined a rugby football club, but resigned in protest at the team's decision to play a match on Good Friday.
Formation of Barnsley Football Club.
Shortly after his split from the rugby club, Preedy encountered by chance a group of young men discussing the idea of forming an association football club. Preedy was taken with the idea, not least because football was seen in the area as the "poor man's sport" and his involvement would therefore bring him into greater contact with the poor people he wished to help through his ministry. To this end he formed a football club in September 1887. Preedy acted as principal fundraiser and organiser of the club, dubbed Barnsley St Peter's F.C., and even played in its first match. A keen supporter of the Temperance movement, Preedy demanded high standards of behaviour from his players, and once refused to allow St Peter's to play a match against local rivals Ardsley Old due to the conduct of the latter's supporters. 
Preedy was also responsible for securing the use of the land on which the Oakwell stadium still stands. After being refused permission to hire a field belonging to the owners of the Barnsley Brewery, Preedy's appeal to the wife of one of the owners ultimately led to the club being granted permission to play at Oakwell. In 1891 Preedy was instrumental in the formation of the Barnsley Charity Football Association and the creation of the Barnsley Charity Cup. St. Peter's reached the inaugural final but were surprisingly defeated by underdogs Ecclesfield.
Departure from Barnsley.
In 1893 Preedy moved to London to become curate of St. Clement's Church in Islington. Such was the regard in which the clergyman was held in the town that a civic reception was held to mark his departure, and tributes were printed in the "Barnsley Chronicle". The St. Peter's players presented him with a walking stick, a pipe and a tobacco pouch. Four years after his departure, the club severed its links to the church and became known simply as Barnsley F.C.
Preedy spent four years at St. Clement's before being appointed to run a nearby mission in what was then an extremely deprived area of the city. At the time of his appointment the mission operated out of converted cowsheds and the house with which Preedy was provided had no furniture. Preedy once again endeavoured to use sport as part of his ministry and opened a boxing club at the mission. Future world champion Terry Allen boxed at the club as a youngster, and among the wrestlers who trained there was future British champion and Olympic Games competitor George MacKenzie. Preedy also organised dances for the girls who sold flowers on local streets.
Preedy remained in contact with the football club he had founded in Barnsley and was a guest of honour at the 1912 FA Cup Final, in which Barnsley defeated West Bromwich Albion to lift the trophy. The victorious team presented him with the match ball, which he displayed in his study until his death.
Later years.
In 1926 Preedy was appointed a prebendary at St. Pauls Cathedral, in recognition of his work in Islington. At around the same time he began to suffer from heart problems, and died in his sleep in April 1928. His funeral was attended by several thousand mourners, and he was buried at Islington Cemetery in Finchley. His obituary in the "Islington Gazette" described him as "a generous friend to the poor" and the Bishop of Stepney in his eulogy called him "a wonderful parish priest and a splendid friend", and made particular reference to his use of sport in his ministry.
In 1997 representatives of the club he founded located his grave in London and laid wreaths in the club's colours. Full restoration of the grave was later carried out by the Barnsley F.C. Supporters' Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="19428938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428938" title="Peligrotherium">
Peligrotherium

Peligrotherium is an extinct dryolestid from the Paleocene of Patagonia. Originally, it was thought to be a condylarth. Its remains have been found the Salamanca Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19428943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428943" title="Grand Council of Geneva">
Grand Council of Geneva

The Grand Council of Geneva () is the legislature of the canton of Geneva, in Switzerland. Geneva, styled as a 'Republic and Canton', has a unicameral legislature. The Grand Council was established in 1457, and has 100 seats, with members elected every four years. Members of the canton's executive, the Conseil d'Etat, are elected a month later.
There is a 7% threshold to representation on the Grand Council, with seven parties overcoming that hurdle at the last election, held on 11 October 2009. Then, the Liberal Party won a plurality, with 20 of the 100 seats. However, the centre-right 'Entente', to which the Liberals belong, suffered significant losses, primarily at the expense of the populist Geneva Citizens' Movement, who are the joint-second largest party, with the Green Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19428984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428984" title="Schlesinger Doctrine">
Schlesinger Doctrine

The "Schlesinger Doctrine" is the name, given by the press, to a major re-alignment of United States nuclear strike policy that was announced in January 1974 by the US Secretary of Defense, James Schlesinger. It outlined a broad selection of counterforce options against a wide variety of potential enemy actions, a major change from earlier SIOP policies of the Kennedy and Johnson eras that focussed on Mutually Assured Destruction and typically included only one or two "all out" plans of action that used the entire U.S nuclear arsenal in a single strike. A key element of the new plans were a variety of limited strikes solely against enemy military targets while ensuring the survivability of the U.S. second-strike capability, which was intended to leave an opening for a negotiated settlement.
Background.
Wargasm.
The first coordinated nuclear attack policy in the United States was codified as SIOP-62 at the prompting of the Science Advisor in the Eisenhower Administration, George Kistiakowsky. Prior to SIOP-62, each of the U.S.'s military branches had drawn up their own target lists and action plans, which led to a wide variety of overkill situations and the possibility of blue-on-blue fire. After Kistiakowsky reported on the problems this caused, Eisenhower took nuclear planning away from the individual branches, centralized it, and gave it to RAND for extensive oversight.
However, the plan that developed was still based on the same basic concept of an all-out war, or what Herman Kahn referred to as a "wargasm". SIOP-62 called for a single coordinated attack that used up all of the U.S.'s arsenal on a wide variety of targets in the Soviet Union and China. Concerns about the inflexibility of the plan were expressed early and often; U.S. Marine Commandant David Shoup noted that an attack by the Soviets would result in a retaliation that included China whether or not they were involved, and observed that "any plan that kills millions of Chinese when it isn't even their war is not a good plan. This is not the American way."
Flexible response.
In the late 1950s a number of parties pointed out another serious problem with the all-or-nothing approach. If the Soviets launched a limited attack against isolated U.S. military targets, they could cause significant damage to the U.S.'s own nuclear forces without causing serious civilian casualties. If such an attack was successful, the Soviets would still have the capability of launching a second strike against U.S. cities, while the U.S. would be so reduced in power that their only militarily effective response would be an attack on Soviet cities, knowing the Soviets would respond. This would leave the Soviets in an extremely advantageous position for a negotiated peace. SIOP-62 simply had no response to this threat.
The "solution" to this problem was developed under the Kennedy Administration, and consisted of responding to limited attacks in kind. In this case, if the same scenario were to develop, the Soviets would be placed in the extremely uncomfortable position of having to allow the U.S. counterattack to land and damage their own forces, or immediately launching as soon as the attack was discovered. Neither course of action would preserve any advantage, and so it was believed this policy would render the limited attack untenable. As early as 1962 Robert McNamara had proposed a flexible strategy starting with a number of limited counterforce strikes before proceeding to full-out exchanges. These plans, codified in SIOP-62, remained virtually unchanged for over a decade.
MAD.
However, as nuclear forces moved from bombers to ICBMs with limited accuracy but high survivability, the ability to carry out a counterforce strike while the enemy forces were still on the ground became increasingly difficult. This difficulty further increased with every new iteration of missile, which continued to reduce reaction time to the point where catching them still in their silos would be extremely difficult. As these weapons were, at the time at least, relatively inaccurate, they were limited primarily to countervalue attacks on the enemy's cities, further eroding the idea of a limited attack against them being responded to in-kind.
As a result of these technical changes, the idea of flexible response ossified, while mutually assured destruction (MAD) became the primary strategic concept of the era. McNamara became a major proponent of MAD, and used it as a reason to cancel other nuclear delivery systems, like the B-1 Lancer bomber. In testimony before Congress he stated that ""The strategic missile forces for 1967-71 will provide more force than is required for 'Assured Destruction' ... a new advanced strategic aircraft does not at this time appear justified.""
With the rise of MAD, all of the earlier problems with the "wargasm" approach returned. Adding to the problems, the U.S. now had obligations under various treaties to protect allies using their nuclear arms, the so-called "nuclear umbrella". This meant that the Soviets could launch a limited attack against an ally, leaving the U.S. with the choice of backing down, or accepting a full-scale exchange.
In June 1969 Kissinger briefed Nixon on the problem of MAD, and Nixon later addressed the issue in Congress in February 1970, stating "Should a President, in the event of a nuclear attack, be left with the single option of ordering the mass destruction of enemy civilians, in the face of the certainty that it would be followed by the mass slaughter of Americans?" Kissinger and Nixon developed plans for a return to a flexible response strategy, but had to put these plans on hold until the Vietnam War ended.
Schlesinger's reforms.
Nominated by Richard Nixon on May 10, 1973, Schlesinger became Secretary of Defense on July 2. As a university professor, researcher at Rand, and government official in three agencies, he had acquired an impressive background in national security affairs.
Analyzing U.S. nuclear strategy, Schlesinger noted that the policies developed in the 1950s and 1960s were based on an overwhelming U.S. lead in nuclear forces. The plans focussed on doing as much damage to the USSR and its allies as possible, regardless of the actions the Soviets might take in response. Schlesinger stated that "deterrence is not a substitute for defense; defense capabilities, representing the potential for effective counteraction, are the essential condition of deterrence. He expressed grave doubts about the entire concept of mutually assured destruction (MAD).
Schlesinger felt that a credible deterrence would need to be based on several conditions; the U.S. would need to maintain some level of force parity with the USSR, the force would have to be highly survivable, and based on its survivability, there should be a wide range of plans that would not boil down to one of a number of different massive attacks. His new strategy was based on a number of limited counterforce attacks that would "limit the chances of uncontrolled escalation" and "hit meaningful targets" without causing widespread collateral damage. In most of these plans, majority of the U.S.'s nuclear force would be withheld in the hope that the enemy would not attack U.S. cities, while still inflicting serious military damage that might end any ongoing actions. He explicitly disavowed any intention to acquire a first-strike capability against the USSR.
Schlesinger described the new doctrine as having three main aspects:
In order to meet the needs of SIOP-5, a number of changes were made to the U.S. force structure. The B-1 bomber, recently cancelled, was brought back in order to provide a survivable strike option that could be launched as a show of U.S. intent. Additionally, Schlesinger put an emphasis on short range weapons that had clear counterforce capability, whose use would not signify an all-out countervalue attack. This led to further work on systems like the Pershing II and various basing arrangements in Europe that would not reach fruition until the 1980s.
Controversy.
The basic outline of the Schlesinger Doctrine remained in effect until the period of rapid disarmament in the 1980s, although it saw numerous modifications. Throughout this period it remained highly controversial for a variety of reasons.
The announcement of the Doctrine immediately caused problems during the SALT I negotiations. At the start of negotiations, the U.S. delegation had assured their Soviet counterparts that the U.S. was not seeking a counterforce ability, but the Schlesinger Doctrine clearly stated that they were. During the June 1974 summit, Leonid Brezhnev vehemently criticized the Doctrine as a threat to the Soviet's forces, whose parity was a key concept of the SALT negotiations. Schlesinger's concerns about the SALT process would eventually lead to his resignation in 1975.
Another concern was that while Schlesinger stated the U.S. would not invest in first strike weapons, through the 1970s and 1980s a number of weapon systems were developed that would be only be useful in a first strike scenario. The most obvious example was the AGM-86 ALCM cruise missile, a highly accurate weapon designed primarily to attack hardened military targets. Observers both in the USSR and elsewhere, noted that such a weapon was only really useful in a "sneak attack" scenario, which would allow it to attack ICBM sites and thereby so reduce the Soviet's own counterforce abilities to render them impotent. In a MAD scenario, those targets would have already been hit by ICBMs or SLBMs.

</doc>
<doc id="19428995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19428995" title="Commission on International and Trans-Regional Accreditation">
Commission on International and Trans-Regional Accreditation

The Commission on International and Trans-Regional Accreditation (CITA) was an international educational accreditation agency.
CITA was formed in 1994 by regional accrediting organizations in the United States following a long history of collaboration under other auspices. CITA provided systems of accreditation around the world and it provided accreditation for individual schools. In 2008, CITA was acquired by AdvancED, which continues its work.

</doc>
<doc id="19429003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429003" title="Rəsullu">
Rəsullu

Rəsullu or Rassuli or Rassuly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19429009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429009" title="Ashiaman">
Ashiaman

Ashaiman (often wrongly spelled as "Ashiaman") is a large town in Greater Accra Region of South Ghana and is the capital of Ashaiman Municipal district, a district in Greater Accra Region. Ashaiman has a not well known number of settlement population being estimated between some hundred thousands up to over one million people (298,841 inhabitants according to World Gazetter).

</doc>
<doc id="19429021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429021" title="Untamed (Yankee Grey album)">
Untamed (Yankee Grey album)

Untamed is the debut album of the American country music band Yankee Grey. It was released in 1999 (see 1999 in country music) on Monument Records Nashville. The album produced three chart singles on the "Billboard" country charts. In order of release, these were "All Things Considered" at #8, "Another Nine Minutes" at #15, and "This Time Around" at #43. The fourth and final single, which was the title track, failed to chart. By 2000, Yankee Grey were dropped from Monument's roster, and frontman Tim Hunt left due to vocal complications.

</doc>
<doc id="19429032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429032" title="Nicholas Doro">
Nicholas Doro

Nicholas Doro (born on December 27, 1974) is a Mauritian football player who currently plays for AS Rivière du Rempart as a goalkeeper. He has also represented Mauritius internationally with the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19429050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429050" title="Inorodtsy">
Inorodtsy

Inorodtsy (singular: inorodets), is a legal term used in the Russian Empire in reference to non-Russian (in the broad sense) population of the Empire. Literally meaning "of different descent/nation", it is sometimes translated as allogeneous (people) (cf. "allogenes") and sometimes as "aliens". The latter translation is misleading, since in most cases the term was applied to the indigenous population of Siberia, Central Asia, and Russian Far East. Initially introduced as a legal statute for special treatment of certain categories of population (including a certain degree of protection of their traditional life), for which some laws of the Empire were deemed inappropriate, over time the term acquired a pejorative connotation of "lacking culture, uncivilized peoples". Privileges and special treatment for "inorodtsy" included exemption of military service, protection of grazing lands, and religious and governmental self-administration.

</doc>
<doc id="19429056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429056" title="Big Brother (Sweden)">
Big Brother (Sweden)

Big Brother Sverige was the Swedish version of reality TV show Big Brother and was aired from 2000 to 2004 on Kanal 5 for four very successful seasons. In 2005 and 2006 it was merged with the Norwegian version of the show. A new season is scheduled to start in 2011 on TV11.
Big Brother 1.
The first season of Big Brother Sverige started on September 4 and ended on December 15, 2000 lasting for 103 days. Being one of the first ten countries to air the format, the show saw several "worlds first" in the game.<br>
After nine original contestants entered the house on launch night, Daniel Hellström would eventually walk only three days later. In the second week Eva Pederson, single mother of four, walked as well which was resulting in only seven housemates being eligible for the first nomination and two replacements making their way into the house before the very first official eviction.<br>
Having a diverse cast, the audience witnessed a lot of arguments and misunderstandings between the contestants mainly between the "sexual experiental" housemates and the more conservative ones. Angelica Freij, 33 year old mother of six, felt offended by the close relationship between lesbian Anna Bäckelin and bisexual Paula Glantz. However in a conversation with Anna, she admitted of never having any contacts to homosexuals and the experience to live with some of them in the house (many housemates stated to be bisexual in that season) opened some new points of view for her which earned her a lot of sympathies by the viewers.<br>
The girl-girl relationship between Paula and Anna got troubled when female's favorite Christoffer Jensen re-entered the house after being evicted and started to fancy Paula, who then decided "to go hetero" for the rest of the season and being concentrated on Christoffer mostly to Annas disappointment.<br>
Together with Christoffer, two new housemates entered the house on Day 61 with only one of them eventually being allowed to stay in the house as the replacement contestant for Johan Hellström, who voluntary left the house close before. When the housemates voted for Christoffer to stay in the house, he became the first contestant to replace two different housemates (he has also been the replacement for Daniel Hellström earlier that series) and Big Brother saw its first double eviction with Camilla Björk and Dieck leaving the house at the very same time.<br>
It was also the first time in Big Brother history that a replacement housemate made it to the final day (again Christoffer Jensen, who achieved the 2nd runner up position) and most prominently, that Angelica became the first woman worldwide to win the show.<br>
Being responsible for the very first reality TV show Expedition Robinson, Sweden embraced its first local Big Brother season and the show was a huge rating hit.
Big Brother Stjärnveckan.
After being off-air for more than a year, "Big Brother Sverige" returned with a spin-off called "Big Brother Stjärnveckan (Week of the Stars)" on January 20, 2002 lasting for six days only and is therefore the shortest version of any Big Brother series worldwide. Seven former Swedish contestants from several reality shows lived together in the house with daily evictions. The show was aired in the week before the start of the actual second season of "Big Brother Sverige" and was supposed to create excitement between the viewers.<br>
The contestants that entered the house were Anki Lundberg from "The Bar 3", Johan "Godzilla" Lennström and Anneli from "Villa Medusa", Elizabeth "Lelle" Anderzén from "Expedition Robinson 1998", Henric Olsson from "The Bar 2", Robert "Robban" Andersson from "Expedition Robinson 1999" and Karin Stor from the first "Big Brother Sverige" season. However, being the only person that already experienced to be in the house did not work in Karins favor as she was the first person to be evicted.<br>
After a week, Anki Lundberg won the show on the day of the start of the second season.<br>
The format with former reality contestants competing in a spin-off version of the show was used again in Denmark called "Big Brother Reality Show Allstars" and in a slightly different version in Belgium and the USA called "Big Brother Allstars" in both cases where only former BB contestants participated again.
Big Brother 2.
Season two of "Big Brother Sverige" started on January 26, 2002, exactly on the day of "Stjärnveckan's" final lasting for 108 days until May 13 of the same year. To follow the footsteps of season one, the cast of the sophomore season included even more exotic and mostly very attractive contestants which saw more sexual interactions than any other Big Brother season of that time with once again a threeway relationship, this time between Dominique Pons and both Emma-Maria Carlsson and punk Kitty Jutbring. But when Emma-Maria voluntary left the house and Dominique was evicted in one of the earlier rounds the focus turned on other showmances such as between Elin Nilsson and Jacob Heidrich or Benjamin Sorani and Marie "Picasso" Pettersson.<br>
Marie was earlier voted to become the replacement for Emma-Marie between three different girls that entered the house together and Benjamin has been originally evicted on Day 62 but was allowed a return a week later after a number of viewers were unable to vote in what has been a close vote between him and fellow-nominee Jacob. However when Big Brother offered the housemate that would walk 50,000 kronors Benjamin left the house voluntary only two weeks after his comeback.<br>
For the third time in a row, the Swedish audience chose a female to win their Big Brother season - this time it was Ulrica Andersson from Karlstad but the most famous housemate resulting from that season was undoubtly Marie Picasso, who tried to break into music business with recording two singles and becoming the host of a call-in show without any significant success. In 2007 she auditioned for Swedens local version of Pop Idol called Idol 2007 which she actually won resulting in a no. 1 single called "This Moment".
Nominations table.
Notes:
<br> Amelie, Lisa, and Marie were exempt from nominations and automatically nominated for eviction as they were new housemates. The two who received the most votes would be evicted.
<br> Due to technical problems with the fifth eviction, a number of viewers were unable to vote. As voting numbers between Benjamín and Jacob were close, it was decided to allow Benjamín to return.
<br> On day 83 Big brother made an offer to the seven remaining housemates. The offer was that if any housemate would leave the house they would receive 50,000 kronor, Benjamin accepted the offer.
<br>The public were voting for a winner. Peter received the least votes and was evicted.
Big Brother 3.
Season three of "Big Brother Sverige" started on January 25, 2003, lasting for 107 days until May 11 of the same year.
Nominations table.
Notes:
<br> In the first round of nominations the public voted for the housemates they wanted to be nominated. Since Marika and Peter received the most votes they were nominated for eviction and the housemates had to vote to evict one of them.
<br> Big brother awarded nomination points for rule breaking.
<br> Christian and Mattias were nominated by Big brother for rule breaking.
<br> Big Brother awarded Micke 4 points for rule breaking.
Big Brother 4.
Season four of "Big Brother Sverige" started on January 23, 2004, lasting for 109 days until May 10 of the same year.
Nominations table.
Notes:
<br> Due to rule breaking, Big brother gave Carolina 2 extra nomination points, Foffo, Olivier, and Stefan 8 extra points and Jean 10 extra points.
<br> The nominations were voided by Big brother and all 6 housemates were put up for eviction.
<br> The 3 or more Housemates with the most points were up for eviction.
<br> Henrik won immunity from eviction, all other housemates were put up for eviction.
<br> In round six and seven of nominations only 2 Housemates could be up for eviction, so the housemate who received the most points could save one of the others. 
<br> Two days before the final an eviction took place based on the amount of votes to win housemates had received so far. Since Henrik received the least amount of votes he was evicted.

</doc>
<doc id="19429072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429072" title="Andreas Zisimos">
Andreas Zisimos

Andreas Zisimos (; born December 31, 1983 in Athens) is a freestyle swimmer from Greece. He won two medals at the 2005 Mediterranean Games, and represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19429073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429073" title="Henri Speville">
Henri Speville

Henri Speville (born on November 1, 1971) is a Mauritian football defender currently playing for Pamplemousses SC. He was also a member of the Mauritius national football team from 1996–2007, earning 39 caps.

</doc>
<doc id="19429081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429081" title="Suqovuşan">
Suqovuşan

Suqovuşan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19429083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429083" title="Yngve Johnson">
Yngve Johnson

Sköld Yngve Johnson (August 3, 1895 – July 3, 1949) was a Swedish diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Västra Ed, Kalmar Municipality and died in Eskilstuna.
In 1920 he finished fifth the 10 metre platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="19429088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429088" title="Remote sensing (archaeology)">
Remote sensing (archaeology)

Remote sensing techniques in archaeology are an increasingly important component of the technical and methodological tool set available in archaeological research. The use of remote sensing techniques allows archaeologists to uncover unique data that is unobtainable using traditional archaeological excavation techniques.
General techniques.
Remote Sensing methods employed in the service of archaeological investigations include:
Ground-based geophysical methods such as Ground Penetrating Radar and Magnetometry are also used for archaeological imaging. Although these are sometimes classed as remote sensing, they are usually considered a separate discipline (see Geophysical survey (archaeology)).
Satellite or Space archaeology.
Satellite Archaeology, or Space Archaeology, is an emerging field of archaeology that uses high resolution satellites with thermal and infrared capabilities to pinpoint potential sites of interest in the earth around a meter or so in depth. The infrared light used by these satellites have longer wavelengths than that of visible light and are therefore capable of penetrating the earth's surface. The images are then taken and processed by a space archaeologist in order to find any subtle anomalies on the earth's surface.
Landscape features such as soil, vegetation, geology, and man-made structures have specific signatures that the multi-spectral satellites can identify. The satellites can then make a 3D image of the area to show if there are any man-made structures beneath soil and vegetation that can not be seen by the naked eye. Commercially available satellites have a .4m-90m resolution that make it possible to see most ancient sites and their associated features in such places as Egypt. It is a hope of space archaeologists that in the next few decades resolutions will improve to the point where they are capable of zooming in on a single pottery shard buried beneath the earth's surface. 
Satellite archaeology is a non-invasive method for mapping and monitoring potential archaeological sites in an ever changing world that faces issues such as urbanization, looting, and groundwater pollution that could put pose threats to such sites. In spite of this, satellites in space archaeology are mostly a tool for broad scale survey and focused excavation. All archaeological projects need ground work in order to verify any potential findings.
Examples of regional applications.
Maya research.
Some of the most prominent remote sensing research has been done in regard to Maya studies in Mesoamerica. The Petén region of northern Guatemala is of particular focus because remote sensing technology is of very definite use there. The Petén is a densely forested region and it lacks modern settlements and infrastructure. As a result, it is extremely difficult to survey, and because of this remote sensing offers a solution to this research problem. The use of remote sensing techniques in this region is a great example of the applications these methods have for archaeologists. The Petén is a hilly, karstic, thickly forested landscape which offers an incredible barrier for field archaeologists to penetrate. With the advent of remote sensing techniques, a plethora of information has been uncovered about the region and about the people that inhabited it.
The Petén is arguably one of the most difficult of the Maya landscapes in which to subsist. It is questions regarding subsistence patterns and related problems that have driven remote sensing methodology in the hopes of understanding the complex adaptations that the Maya developed. Remote sensing methods have also proven invaluable when working to discover features, cisterns, and temples. Archaeologists have identified vegetative differentiation associated with such features. With the advent of remote sensing, archaeologists are able to pinpoint and study the features hidden beneath this canopy without ever visiting the jungle.
A pioneer in the use of remote sensing in Maya research is NASA archaeologist Tom Sever, who has applied remote sensing to research in Maya site discovery as well as mapping causeways ("sacbeob") and roads. Sever has stressed the enormous use of remote sensing in uncovering settlement patterns, population densities, societal structure, communication, and transportation. Sever has done much of his research in the Petén region of northern Guatemala, where he and his research team have used satellite imagery and GIS to map undiscovered roads and causeways the ancient Maya built to connect cities and settlements. These landscape artifacts represent the advantage of using remote sensing as these causeways are not visible from the ground. By mapping these forms, Sever is able to locate new sites and further uncover ancient Maya methods of communicated and transportation. Sever and his team also use remote sensing methods to gather data on deforestation. The rain forests of the Petén are undergoing massive deforestation, and Sever's remote sensing offers another window into this understanding and halting this problem. Monitoring the rate of deforestation not only has important ecological value, but the use of remote sensing can detect landscape change. By measuring the magnitude of landscape change in terms of vegetative cover and soil geography, as well as shifting land use patterns and the associated cultural diversity, archaeologists are given a window into depletion rates and trends in anthropogenic landscape alteration. 
Much attention has been devoted to the mapping of canals and irrigation systems. Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) has proved particularly useful in this research. SAR is a type of radar that is sensitive to linear and geometric features on the ground. It is also important include a method called ground truthing, or the process of physically visiting (on foot) the localities surveyed to verify the data and help inform the interpretation. GPS is often used to aid in this process.
Ground-based geophysical methods have also been employed in Maya research. Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) has been performed on a number of sites, including Chichen Itza. The GPR research has detected buried causeways and structures that might have otherwise gone unnoticed.
Maya "collapse".
One of Sever's research goals is understanding the comparatively sudden decline of many Maya centers in the central Lowlands region by the end of the 1st millennium CE, a happenstance often referred to as the "(Classic) Maya collapse". Sever's research on communication and transportation systems points to an extensive societal infrastructure capable of supporting the building and maintenance of the causeways and roadways. Using satellite imagery, researchers have been able to map canals and reservoirs. These offer a glimpse into Maya cultural adaptations during the period of their highest population density. At the height of the classic period, the population in the Maya lowlands was 500 - 1300 people per square mile in rural areas, and even more in urban regions. This far outweighs the carrying capacity for this region, but this follows centuries of successful adaptation. Other data shows that by the end of the classic period, the Maya had already depleted much of the rain forest. Understanding how the ancient Maya adapted to this karst topography could shed light on solutions to modern ecological problems that modern peoples in the Petén currently face, which is much the same, except there are fewer people who are causing even more damage to the biodiversity and cultural diversity. Sever believes that the Maya collapse was a primarily ecological disaster. By detecting deforestation rates and trends can help us to understand how these same processes affected the Maya.
Location of ancient Iram.
Iram of the Pillars is a lost city (or region surrounding the lost city) on the Arabian Peninsula. In the early 1980s a group of researchers interested in the history of Iram used NASA remote sensing satellites, ground penetrating radar, Landsat program data and images taken from the Space Shuttle Challenger as well as SPOT data to identify old camel train routes and points where they converged. These roads were used as frankincense trade routes around 2800 BC to 100 BC. 
One area in the Dhofar province of Oman was identified as a possible location for an outpost of the lost civilization. A team including adventurer Ranulph Fiennes, archaeologist Juris Zarins, filmmaker Nicholas Clapp, and lawyer George Hedges, scouted the area on several trips, and stopped at a water well called Ash Shisar. Near this oasis was located a site previously identified as the 16th century Shis'r fort. Excavations uncovered an older settlement, and artifacts traded from far and wide were found. This older fort was found to have been built on top of a large limestone cavern which would have served as the water source for the fort, making it an important oasis on the trade route to Iram. As the residents of the fort consumed the water from underground, the water table fell, leaving the limestone roof and walls of the cavern dry. Without the support of the water, the cavern would have been in danger of collapse, and it seems to have done so some time between 300-500 AD, destroying the oasis and covering over the water source.
Four subsequent excavations were conducted by Dr. Juris Zarins, tracing the historical presence by the people of 'Ad, the assumed ancestral builders of Iram.
Settlements in Northern Egypt.
Space archaeologist Sarah Parcak uses satellites that were initially designed for the military to attempt to search for sub-service remains. Parcak uses these satellites to aide her in her hunt to discover lost settlements, tombs, and pyramids in the sands of Egypt's northern Delta.

</doc>
<doc id="19429092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429092" title="Distinguisher">
Distinguisher

Distinguisher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19429095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429095" title="Stefon Adams">
Stefon Adams

Stefon Lee Adams (born August 11, 1963 in High Point, North Carolina) is a former professional American football defensive back in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the Los Angeles Raiders (1986–1989), the Cleveland Browns (1990), and the Miami Dolphins (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="19429105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429105" title="Synergy Health">
Synergy Health

Synergy Health plc (formerly Synergy Healthcare) () is a global company headquartered in the United Kingdom which provides hygiene, sanitation and consultancy products and services to the healthcare and laboratory research industries. The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and a member of the FTSE 250 Index as of September 2008.
History.
The Company was founded in 1991 as a manufacturer of surgical packs in Corby, Northamptonshire. It was first listed on the Alternative Investment Market in 2001. It went on to acquire a number of companies in the medical sector including Shiloh, Vernon Carus, Isotron, MSI and SRI in the United States of America. It secured a full listing on the London Stock Exchange in 2008.
Operations.
The Company's services include the sterilisation of reusable medical instruments, provision of outsourced laundry services, medical device sterilisation and the reprocessing of surgical linen. Synergy also distributes medical hygiene products such as antibacterial cleansers and wet wipes, swabs and bandages.
Since 2008 Synergy also provides occupational pathology services and workplace drug and alcohol testing. The company operates in four regions: UK & Ireland, Europe & Middle East, Asia & Africa and the Americas.

</doc>
<doc id="19429107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429107" title="Anne Grimdalen">
Anne Grimdalen

Anne Grimdalen (1 November 1899 – 3 October 1961) was a Norwegian sculptor. She was born on the mountain farm Grimdalen in Skafså, Telemark, and later also lived and worked in the so-called "Kunstnerdalen" in Asker. She worked mainly with granite, and also bronze. She is represented at the National Gallery of Norway, and was one of the main contributors to the decorations of Oslo City Hall.
Education.
Grimdalen studied at the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry from 1923 to 1926, at the Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts (1927–1929) under Wilhelm Rasmussen, and in Copenhagen under Einar Utzon-Frank. She made study travels to Italy (1933–34), Greece (1935), Paris and Italy (1938), and London (1947). Two of her inspirators were the painters Henrik Sørensen and Otto Valstad.
Museum.
The art museum "Grimdalstunet" was later (in 1965) built at her home farm Grimdalen in Skafså (now within Tokke municipality), and contains a collection of more than 250 of her sculptures. The mountain farm itself is also a museum, with buildings from the time of barter economy in the 17th century.
Works.
Grimdalen is especially known for her many animal sculptures, made in a simplistic style, often in granite, such as "Gaupe" (Lynx, 1928), "Bjørn" (Bear, 1933). She made several contributions to the decoration of Oslo City Hall, after surprisingly winning the decoration contest in 1938, such as "Tømmerfløtere" (Log drivers) and "Dyrefontene" (Animal fountain), and the large equestrian statue of Harald III on the west wall (1938–1950). A relief of psalmist Magnus Brostrup Landstad (1951) is placed outside the church of Seljord.
Later works are the monuments of Anders Hovden (1958, Ørsta), Audun Hugleiksson (1959, Jølster) and Håkon den Gode (1961, Fitjar). She is represented at the National Gallery of Norway ("Jenta på hesten", Riding girl, bronze, 1931).

</doc>
<doc id="19429113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429113" title="Robert B. Downs">
Robert B. Downs

Robert Bingham Downs (May 25, 1903– February 24, 1991) was a prolific American author and librarian. Downs was an advocate for intellectual freedom as well. Downs spent the majority of his career working against, and voicing opposition to, literary censorship. Downs authored many books and publications regarding the topics of censorship, and on the topics of responsible and efficient leadership in the library context.
Life.
Robert Downs was born May 25, 1903, in the southern small town of Lenoir, North Carolina, United States. He was the seventh child of eight of Mr. John McLeod, an educator and local part-time politico, and Clarissa Catherine Hartley Downs, who suffered from periodic ambulatory incapacity. Downs married classmate Elizabeth Crooks in 1929. Elizabeth and Robert had two daughters Clara (Mrs. William Keller) and Roberta (Mrs. Terence Andre). In 1982, Elizabeth Downs died. Subsequently, Robert Downs was remarried to Jane Wilson in 1983. Downs has three grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. He was a supporter of the Democratic Party. Robert B. Downs died at the age of 87 of pneumonia in 1991 at his home in the city of Urbana, Illinois.
Educational background.
Downs attended the one-room schoolhouse called Shady Grove until his high school years when his family relocated to Asheville, North Carolina. After the completion of his high school curricula, Downs went on to study at the University of North Carolina (A.B. 1926), the School of Library Science at Columbia University (B.S. 1927, M.S. 1929). During his Masters coursework, Downs was employed at the New York Library and as a librarian for two years (1929 to 1931) at Colby College in Maine. Downs earned a Doctor of Letters from Colby College (1944) and from University of Illinois (1973). In addition, Downs earned a LL.D. from North Carolina University in 1949, and L.H.D.s from Ohio State University (1963) and Southern Illinois University (1970).
Employment.
The author of this entry wishes to make it explicitly known to the reader that the following "Employment" section uses data procured from the source: Contemporary Authors Online, Gale, 2008. The author of this entry has merely provided reformatting of this data. Exhaustive citation information can be located in the "References" section of this entry.
Professional/academic memberships.
The author of this entry wishes to make it explicitly known to the reader that the following "Professional/academic" section uses data procured from the source: Contemporary Authors Online, Gale, 2008. The author of this entry has merely provided reformatting of this data. Exhaustive citation information can be located in the "References" section of this entry.
In addition, Downs was a member of:
Endeavors.
While Downs looked to heroes Abraham Lincoln and Thomas Jefferson for guidance when challenges were encumbered, it was the influences of this his distant cousin, Mr. Louis Round Wilson, that formed Downs’ librarian leadership foundation. During his tenure as President of the American Library Association, Downs became a strong force against what he viewed as suppressive forces of literature. Downs produced many publications during his life and is best known for his book titled "Books That Changed the World". This publication enjoyed a great deal of success and was subsequently translated into many languages., Downs was also known for his inexhaustible accession talents and developed a proclivity for rare books regarding the topic of American Folklore. Aided by Mr. Gordon N. Ray, Downs deft talents would eventually facilitate realization of the private papers of noted authors H.G. Wells and Carl Sandburg.
Works.
The author of this entry wishes to make it explicitly known to the reader that the following "Works" section is a direct reflection of data from the source: Contemporary Authors Online, Gale, 2008. Exhaustive citation information can be located in the "References" section of this entry. In addition, let it be known that the formatting of the following data was facilitated by another contributor of the Wikipedia community.

</doc>
<doc id="19429150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429150" title="Aikaterini Bliamou">
Aikaterini Bliamou

Aikaterini ("Katerina") Bliamou (; born October 15, 1982 in Serres, Kentriki Makedonia) is a former female backstroke and freestyle swimmer from Greece. 
She won a bronze medal at the 2005 Mediterranean Games, and represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19429155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429155" title="Torin Dorn">
Torin Dorn

Torin Damon Dorn (born February 29, 1968 in Greenwood, South Carolina) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played seven seasons for the Los Angeles Raiders (1990–1994) and the St. Louis Rams (1995–1996).

</doc>
<doc id="19429170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429170" title="Mkhitar Sparapet">
Mkhitar Sparapet

Mkhitar Sparapet (; Sparapet meaning "general", "constable" or rather "supreme commander of the armed forces") (?-1730) was an 18th-century Armenian national hero and participant in the struggle for preserving the Armenian heritage in the Zangezur region of Transcaucasia. He was instrumental in David Bek's victories over the forces of Safavid Iran and the Ottoman Empire in Armenia's Zangezur region. Their main headquarters were at the fortress of Halidzor which also served as the administrative center for Syunik. Mkhitar served as chief aide to Bek and later his successor after his death in 1728.
In 1730, Mkhitar was murdered by Armenian villagers of Khndzoresk, who had implored him to have his own fortifications destroyed during his conflicts rather than their village. His head was presented to the Ottoman Pasha at Tabriz, who found this act of treachery detestable and had the murderers decapitated. The tomb of Mkhitar Sparapet is located in a gorge not far from Nerkin Khndzoresk and Old Khndzoresk.
Popular culture.
Mkhitar was one of the characters of the Soviet "David Bek" film of 1944. Another movie, made in 1978 by Armenfilmand Mosfilm, bore the name of Mkhitar Sparapet and enjoyed success in the Soviet Republic of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19429177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429177" title="Gooiboog">
Gooiboog

The Gooiboog (Dutch for "Gooi Curve") is a railway chord which links the Dutch Flevolijn and Gooilijn railway lines.
The link is double tracked. The outer, southbound line is 2200 metres long, the inner northbound one is 1400 metre. The outer track is in a dive-under, running beneath the surface level for about 1500 metres, diving underneath the Gooilijn.
The Gooiboog offers a direct link between Almere, Hilversum and Utrecht.
History.
In 1980 work began on the construction of the Flevolijn and in 1987 the line opened as far as Almere Buiten. In 1988 the line was extended to Lelystad. As early as 1987 the possibility of a link to Hilversum, Utrecht and Amersfoort was discussed. At present there is still no link between Almere and Amersfoort.
At first it was planned to build a fly-over but residents of Weesp complained it would ruin their view of the Naardermeer. 
Construction started in 2000, with the first services running on December 14, 2003.
Gooiboog Use.
The regular service over the Gooiboog is the half-hourly Almere Centrum - Hilversum - Utrecht Centraal service. During evenings and Sundays this service is reduced an hourly frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19429190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429190" title="Marion Scott">
Marion Scott

Marion Scott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19429203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429203" title="Derrick Hoskins">
Derrick Hoskins

Derrick Tremayne Hoskins (born November 4, 1970 in Meridian, Mississippi) is a former professional American football defensive back in the National Football League. He played five seasons for the Los Angeles/Oakland Raiders (1992–1995) and the New Orleans Saints (1996).

</doc>
<doc id="19429218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429218" title="Wireline">
Wireline

Wireline may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19429227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429227" title="Susanna Margarete of Anhalt-Dessau">
Susanna Margarete of Anhalt-Dessau

Susanna Margarete of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 23 August 1610 – Babenhausen, 13 October 1663), was by birth a member of the House of Ascania and princess of Anhalt-Dessau. After her marriage she became Countess of Hanau-Lichtenberg.
She was the eighth daughter of John George I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, but fifth-born daughter of his second wife Dorothea, daughter of John Casimir of Simmern.
Life.
In 1641, at the age of thirty-one, Susanna Margarete was betrothed to John Ernest, Count of Hanau-Münzenberg-Schwarzenfels, the last male heir of the line of Hanau-Münzenberg; however, he died of smallpox shortly before the wedding was to take place in 1642.
In Buchsweiler on 16 February 1651, Susanna Margarete married John Philip of Hanau-Lichtenberg, younger brother of the ruling Count Frederick Casimir, husband of her older sister Sibylle Christine of Anhalt-Dessau.
Probably on account of the substantial age difference between the spouses (Susanna Margarete was sixteen years older than John Philip), the marriage was childless.

</doc>
<doc id="19429243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429243" title="Donald Frank">
Donald Frank

Donald Frank (born October 24, 1965 in Edgecombe County, North Carolina) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for six seasons for the Los Angeles Raiders, San Diego Chargers, and Minnesota Vikings.

</doc>
<doc id="19429263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429263" title="Sibylle Christine of Anhalt-Dessau">
Sibylle Christine of Anhalt-Dessau

Sibylle Christine of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 11 July 1603 – Hanau, 21 February 1686), was by birth a member of the House of Ascania and princess of Anhalt-Dessau. Through her two marriages she became Countess of Hanau-Münzenberg and Hanau-Lichtenberg.
Sibylle Christine was the sixth daughter of John George I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, but third-born daughter of his second wife Dorothea, daughter of John Casimir of Simmern.
Life.
In Dessau on 26 December 1627 Sybille Christine married Philip Maurice, Count of Hanau-Münzenberg. They had five children, 2 sons and 3 daughters, but all of them, except the eldest son and heir, Philip Louis III, died before their first year of life.
After the death of her husband in 1638, she acted as regent on behalf of his son Philip Louis III. After the premature death of her son in 1641, Sybille Christine moved to the official dower house of the House of Hanau, Schloss Steinau in Steinau an der Straße.
Philip Louis III was succeeded by his first cousin once removed John Ernest (a cousin of his late father and the last surviving male of the branch of Hanau-Münzenberg); however, he died in 1642 unmarried and childless. His successor was Frederick Casimir, head of the Lutheran branch of the Hanau-Lichtenberg family.
The accession of Frederick Casimir took place during the Thirty Years' War, which left him in a financially awkward situation. As Dowager Countess, Sibylle Christine put considerable strains on the county for her upkeep. To minimize her own expenses and avoid the required financial support for a new wife, she and Frederick Casimir were married on 13 May 1647. This union with the Dowager Countess had the effect of calming Frederick Casimir's Reformist subjects in Hanau-Münzenberg who looked upon the new Lutheran Count with suspicion. The marriage remained childless probably due to the great difference in age between the spouses: Sybille Christine was 20 years older than Frederick Casimir. The union was characterized by other differences as well, partly because Frederick Casimir relied on his wife's property to subsidize his spending habits.
After the death of her second husband in 1685, Sibylle Christine withdrew again to her dower house, Schloss Steinau. She died there one year later and was buried on 25 March 1686 in the family vault of the Marienkirche in Hanau.

</doc>
<doc id="19429268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429268" title="Alderney, Dorset">
Alderney, Dorset

Alderney is a suburb and electoral ward in the town of Poole in Dorset, England with a population of 11,196. It is Poole's second most densely populated area with 31 people to each hectare (2.5 acres) and suffers much higher than average levels of poverty, illiteracy and crime.

</doc>
<doc id="19429329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429329" title="Andy Parker (American football)">
Andy Parker (American football)

Andrew James "Andy" Parker (born September 8, 1961 in Redlands, California) is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League. He played seven seasons for the Los Angeles Raiders (1984–1988, 1990) and the San Diego Chargers (1989).

</doc>
<doc id="19429332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429332" title="Tributo al Amor">
Tributo al Amor

Tributo al Amor (Eng.: "Tribute to Love") is a compilation album released by the romantic music band Los Temerarios. This album became their fifth number-one album in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart.
Tracklisting.
CD tracklisting.
This information from Billboard.com
DVD tracklisting.
This information from Allmusic

</doc>
<doc id="19429394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429394" title="Gaby Sánchez">
Gaby Sánchez

Gabriel "Gaby" Sánchez (born September 2, 1983) is a Major League Baseball (MLB) first baseman for the Pittsburgh Pirates. He bats and throws right-handed. He played college baseball at the University of Miami.
Draft.
Sánchez was a 15th round pick (460th overall) of the Seattle Mariners out of Brito Miami Private School in the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft, but chose to attend the University of Miami instead. He signed with the Florida Marlins after they selected him in the 4th round (126th overall) three years later in 2005.
Professional career.
Marlins.
In his first professional season in , Sánchez played mostly third base for the Jamestown Jammers. He made the Short-Season All-Star game as the designated hitter for Jamestown, and was also MVP of the All-Star Game in the New York-Penn League. In , Sánchez played for the Single-A Greensboro Grasshoppers where he batted .317 with 14 home runs in 55 games before a promotion to Triple-A Albuquerque. In , Sánchez played for Single-A Advanced Jupiter; he batted .279, but hit only 9 home runs in 133 games. In , he batted .314 with 17 home runs and 92 RBI for Double-A Carolina en route to winning the Southern League MVP award.
On September 14, , Sánchez was called up to the majors and made his debut on September 17. He attended the Marlins' 2009 Spring Training camp and competed with Jorge Cantu for the starting first baseman position; Sánchez struggled in the spring and was optioned to Triple-A New Orleans Zephyrs.
Entering the following year's spring training, he again had to compete to be the starter at first base. This time, it was with fellow prospect Logan Morrison. Sánchez earned the job on March 29, 2010 after Morrison was reassigned to the minors. On April 10, 2010, Sánchez hit his first home run of the 2010 season. He had his most successful game so far on June 11 in Interleague play against the Tampa Bay Rays, when he had four hits with two home runs and six RBIs.
He was involved in a bench-clearing brawl in the sixth inning of a 16–10 victory over the Washington Nationals at Sun Life Stadium on September 1, 2010. The ill will had spilled over from the previous night when Marlins catcher Brett Hayes suffered a dislocated left shoulder as a result of a collision with Nyjer Morgan at home plate. After hitting Morgan with a pitch, Morgan stole second and third base with a 9 run lead. This prompted starting pitcher Chris Volstad to throw a ball behind Nyjer in his next at-bat. Morgan charged the mound and delivered a left-handed punch at Volstad. Sánchez, who ran in from his position at first base to defend his teammate, then applied a right-arm clothesline to bring Morgan to the ground. Even though he wasn't ejected from the contest, Sánchez was given a three-game suspension two days later for his part in the fracas .
He was named to the "Baseball America" 2010 All-Rookie Team as a DH. He was also named the first baseman on the 2010 Topps Major League Rookie All-Star Team.
Sánchez changed his uniform number to 15 before the start of the 2011 season. He was the lone Marlins player at that year's All-Star Game.
On May 19, 2012, Sánchez was demoted to the New Orleans Zephyrs after an 0-for-3 day at the plate lowered his batting average to .197. On June 10, 2012, Sánchez was recalled to the Majors by the Marlins.
Although Sánchez improved since being called up, hitting two home runs with a batting average of .202, he was optioned to the Zephyrs to make room for newly acquired Carlos Lee, even though he hit a home run in the ninth inning with two outs and two strikes to tie the game that same day.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On July 31, 2012, Sánchez was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates along with pitcher Kyle Kaminska for outfielder Gorkys Hernández and a competition balanced 2013 draft pick.
. On August 28, 2013, Sanchez changed his number to 17 so his new teammate, John Buck, could wear number 14. 
Personal.
The son of Cuban immigrants, Sánchez speaks fluent Spanish and English. He married "Miami Herald" sports reporter Judy Erwin in Naples, Florida on January 9, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19429406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429406" title="Balçılı">
Balçılı

Balçılı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19429417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429417" title="Jamie Holland">
Jamie Holland

Jamie Lorenza Holland (born February 1, 1964 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the San Diego Chargers (1987–1989), the Los Angeles Raiders (1990–1991), and the Cleveland Browns (1992).
In 2010 he became a volunteer coach for the Capital City Steelers, a Pop Warner youth football and cheer organization in Raleigh, NC.

</doc>
<doc id="19429448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429448" title="Australian Equine and Livestock Events Centre">
Australian Equine and Livestock Events Centre

The Australian Equine and Livestock Events Centre (AELEC) is a multi building and arena complex that was designed for equine usage. It has two indoor arenas, stabling, plus an education and training building, which is located on the New England Highway approximately five kilometres south of the Tamworth Central Business District in the suburb of Hillvue.
The centre, designed by architects Timothy Court and Company and built by National Buildplan presents a landmark for New England Highway traffic. This complex is a multi-level, multipurpose livestock centre with a total seating capacity of 4,020 and is the biggest of its kind in the southern hemisphere. AELEC can be used in its entirety or parts thereof depending on the participants’ requirements.
Tamworth is recognised as the "National Equine Capital of Australia" because of the high volume of equine events held in the city, the presence of several equine organisation offices and a large number of nearby breeding and training establishments.
History.
The New South Wales Government approved the Tamworth Regional Council business plan in May 2007 that provided for the centre’s construction. TRC contributed A$20 million with council cash, loans and reserves. The Australian Federal Government contributed $6.6 million and State government made grants of $3.65 million. Belmore Engineering of Tamworth won the tender worth about $350,000 for the cattle yard roofing and the campdrafting judge's tower.
Work commenced on the 22 ha site in June 2007 by the National Buildplan Group of Armidale who won the tender to build it. This centre is the biggest ever construction undertaken by Tamworth Regional Council on behalf of its city and community and is a significant landmark there.
The main arena, domed sale ring and six stable buildings incorporate unique, post-tensioned steel truss technology designed by the project's Sydney based structural engineer S2 Corporation, is believed to be a first for equine centres on the world.
The complex was opened to the public on Sunday 21 September 2008 as part of a community open day from 12 noon to 5 pm. About 8,000 to 9,000 people from across the state visited the centre.
Additional seating is planned for up to 1,500 more on the mezzanine level in Stage II. Stabling will be increased to 700 stalls in stage II. The stadium will be extended to include a restaurant and an exhibition hall for a heritage hall of fame. This will be the future site for the annual Tamworth Pastoral & Agricultural Show.
On 23 October 2008 the NSW Chapter of the Australian Property Institute voted the Australian Equine and Livestock Events Centre as the leading local government project in New South Wales (NSW) in this year.
The 2010 Professional Bull Riders (PBR) Finals were held over two nights at the Australian Equine and Livestock Events Centre, with five top-ranked professional bull riders from the United States and 25 of Australia’s best bull riders contesting the event.
Official opening.
On 21 February 2009 the Australian Equine and Livestock Events Centre was officially opened by the NSW Governor, Marie Bashir, before a sell-out crowd of almost 3,500 people. Professor Bashir commented that the complex "takes your breath away" and Tony Windsor, Independent MP for New England, stated that AELEC could be compared to the Sydney Opera House. The audience was entertained by top performances of skill during the opening night. The Gomeroi Dance Troup performed along with Mark Atkins playing his didgeridoo. Followed on by Colin Friels reciting "The Man From Snowy River", while a mob of 20 horses and stockmen galloped around the arena with their stockwhips cracking. Other performances included a display by pony club members of the 30 Zone area. The charge of Beersheba was re-created by 52 members of Light Horse troops from NSW and Queensland. A troop of 12 horsemen appeared as the Electric Horsemen to give an unusual light display. Heath and Rozzie Ryan gave dressage displays with their stallions and a liberty horse. Six of Australia's best horse riding stunts riders performed amazing death defying feats, including a blindfolded girl performing during a circuit of the arena, without a lunge rein. Dan James then showed the audience, in his acts, why he is the 2008 Australian Horseman of the Year.
General information.
The site occupies 22 ha, but an additional 20 ha has been acquired to provide extra parking, yards and new developments. Over 300 trees have been planted and even more shrubs have been installed. The perimeter of the complex is in the shape of a horseshoe.
Over 1,000 workers were employed on the project with up to 100 working on the site on some days.
Some of the facilities include.
The Tamworth Regional Council has spent more than $1.2 million in extending recycled water for use in the Longyard precinct and harvesting runoff water from the complex buildings.
Centre uses.
The biggest event scheduled in 2008 was the nine day 35th National Cutting Horse Association (NCHA) ANZ Futurity which featured over $500,000 in the prize pool. The first rodeo held in the AELEC was run by the ABCRA.
Other uses for the centre include:
The bovine and equine industries have strongly supported use of the AELEC complex with bookings for 250 days of the first year of its operation. Alpaca and goat events have also been held, or are scheduled to take place here.

</doc>
<doc id="19429463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429463" title="Temple of Maharraqa">
Temple of Maharraqa

Al-Maharraqa (Arab: المحرقة, DMG: Al-Maḥarraqa, Greek: Hierasykaminos) is a place in Lower Nubia, which was approximately south of Aswan on the southern border of the Roman empire. Only a few years after the Roman conquest of Egypt in 30 BC, the Kushites from the kingdom of Meroë launched a raid on the First cataract region of Egypt in 23 BC. The Roman prefect of Egypt, Petronius, retaliated and defeated the invading Meroitic army. He then proceeded to station a Roman garrison of 400 troops at the southern outpost of Qasr Ibrim. After some negotiations, a permanent frontier between Meroë and Roman Egypt was established at Maharraqa. Thus, Maharraqa formed the extreme southern frontier of Roman Egypt.
The Serapis Isis Temple of Maharraqa.
The Temple of Maharraqa was originally situated here before it was subsequently relocated in the mid-1960s due to the Aswan Dam project. It was dedicated to the Egyptian gods Isis and Serapis. This Roman-built Egyptian temple cannot be securely attributed to any Roman emperor's reign since it was never fully completed nor inscribed. However, since it is known that temple building declined in Nubia after the rule of Augustus, the temple of Maharraqa might be datable to his reign. The only part of the structure that was finished "was a court measuring 13.56 X 15.69 m, which was surrounded on three sides by columns." The actual temple premises containing the sanctuary was never actually built. The temple, as well, lacks a formal pylon. 
The Temple of Maharraqa features an architectural curiosity with a winding spiral staircase at a corner of the court, which led to its roof. This is the only Egyptian temple in Nubia with a spiral staircase.
Relocation of the Temple.
Since its former location was threatened by flooding from the Nile due to the construction of the Aswan dam, this small temple was dismantled in 1961 by the Egyptian Antiquities Service. It was subsequently rebuilt along with the Temple of Dakka in 1966 at the New Wadi es-Sebua site which lies only west of the original Wadi es-Sebua location. As Christine Hobson notes:
"A little to the north of Amada now stand the temples of Wadi es Sebua (built by Ramesses II), Dakka and Maharraka."

</doc>
<doc id="19429469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429469" title="Josef Munggenast">
Josef Munggenast

Josef Munggenast (5 March 1680 – 3 May 1741) was an Austrian architect and masterbuilder of the Baroque period.
Munggenast was born in Schnann in Tyrol, the nephew of Jakob Prandtauer, who advanced his career and whose influence marked his style for the whole of his life.
From 1717 Munggenast was master mason in Sankt Pölten. After Prandtauer's death in 1726 Munggenast continued the projects his uncle had in hand, principally at Melk Abbey, Herzogenburg Priory and the Pilgrimage Church of the Holy Trinity on the "Sonntagberg" near Seitenstetten Abbey, for which he was the masterbuilder from 1718.
Together with Matthias Steinl he built the towers at Zwettl Abbey and Dürnstein Abbey.
His main works are the Baroque refurbishments of Altenburg Abbey and Geras Abbey in the 1730s.
After his death in Sankt Pölten his business was carried on by his sons Franz Munggenast and Matthias Munggenast.

</doc>
<doc id="19429479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429479" title="Daryl Hobbs">
Daryl Hobbs

Daryl Hobbs (born May 23, 1968 in Victoria, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the Los Angeles Raiders, New Orleans Saints, and Seattle Seahawks.

</doc>
<doc id="19429497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429497" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1886–1891">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1886–1891

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 26 July 1886 election and the 22 May 1891 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19429502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429502" title="Winfield Reformed Church">
Winfield Reformed Church

Winfield Reformed Church (恩惠歸正教會) is a Protestant church founded in 1880, located in Woodside, NY, USA. The church was originally located on Queens Blvd, and moved to its current location in 1910. The current building was built in 1914. It is part of the Reformed Church in America (RCA) denomination. It is the oldest Taiwanese church established in North America.
History.
The church was historically Dutch-speaking and remained a mainly white congregation until a large wave of Taiwanese immigrants came in the community in the 1960s. It became mostly Taiwanese in the late 60s and became the first mainly Taiwanese congregation in North America in 1969. Preaching continued in both English and Taiwanese.
Taiwanese activism.
Winfield was a hotbed for Taiwanese independence activism outside of Taiwan for many decades. Pastors and worshipers frequently engaged in Taiwan rallies and causes. When China replaced Taiwan on the United Nations in 1979 NBC sent reporters to interview the opinions of New York Taiwanese at Winfield.
Notable people.
The church was led by many renown Taiwanese ministers, beginning with Rev. Andrew Kuo (郭得烈) in the 1960s who volunteered to serve as minister while working for the American Bible Society. After Winfield, Rev. Kuo was also influential in founding another presbyterian church in New Brunswick, NJ.
Acclaimed Taiwanese independence activist and pastor Dr. Wu-Tong Hwang (黃武東) also served as senior pastor at Winfield from 1973-1978. Hwang was trained in the Presbyterian Church in Taiwan and came to the United States in 1973 after being politically exiled by the Kuomintang government. Rev. Dr. Hwang died in November 1994.
Rev. Dr. Martin Wang (王成章), a former professor at Taiwan Theological Seminary, served as minister in the 1980s. He died in 2007 Dr. Wang was a translator of the Chinese Bible.
Taiwanese musician and composer Michael Cheng (鄭明堂) attended Winfield and directed the church choir before moving back to Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="19429533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429533" title="Cleo Montgomery">
Cleo Montgomery

Cleo Montgomery (born July 1, 1956 in Greenville, Mississippi) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for six seasons for the Los Angeles Raiders, Cleveland Browns, and Cincinnati Bengals.

</doc>
<doc id="19429556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429556" title="List of D.N.Angel characters">
List of D.N.Angel characters

This is a list of characters in the manga series "D.N.Angel" by Yukiru Sugisaki and its anime adaptation.
Protagonists.
Daisuke Niwa.
Character Voice: 
Though he regularly argues with his alter-ego Dark, he expresses concern for him when he is in danger or in pain. He misses Dark when they are separated within the series through magic, and their dynamic is that of an older/younger brother.
Dark Mousy.
Character Voice: 
, is half of the Koku Yoku, an artwork created by the Hikari family, who has appeared in the first male of the Niwa generation for the last 300 years. Once Dark appears, his host will change into Dark whenever he is around the person he loves or thinks about them a great deal, though in the Anime, Dark can choose not to appear at such times. At the start of "D.N.Angel", Dark had lain dormant for 40 years as his previous host, Daiki Niwa only had one female offspring. When her son, Daisuke, reached 14, he became Dark's new "tamer" or host. Known to the public as "Kaitou Dark", (translated as "Phantom Dark" in the ADV Films dub of the anime) Dark steals the cursed art pieces made by the Hikari family, which the Niwa family then seals away to prevent them from causing any more trouble. He primarily uses With as his wings, as using his own true wings causes Daisuke's body tremendous harm. Though he and Daisuke often argue over missions and Risa and Riku Harada, its apparent that Dark cares for his host, taking care not to harm him by using too much of his magic and protecting him when possible. For fun Dark often teases his host Daisuki. Their relationship is often that of older/younger brothers.
Candid and confident, Dark can also appear to be arrogant and something of a playboy, flirting shamelessly with girls. Dark is a notorious flirt, but there are very few he truly cares about. In the anime, he said that he is willing to kiss anyone since it is like a greeting to him rather than something meaningful. After Dark's reappearance, Daisuke's crush, Risa Harada, falls in love with him and begins to pursue him. He initially flirts with her, seemingly to annoy Daisuke, and goes on several dates with her. In the anime, Dark rejects Risa's feelings after telling her that he was once in love with her grandmother and only humored Risa's attraction because she reminded him of his lost love. 
In the manga, Dark is instead more attracted to Riku (the sight of Riku caused Dark to transform into Daisuke) while Daisuke was interested in Risa (the sight of Risa would cause Daisuke to change into Dark). His feelings later change and he starts to like Risa more, while a relationship strengthens between Daisuke and Riku. In both the manga and anime, Dark's romantic feelings are unanswered.
Antagonists.
Satoshi Hiwatari.
Character Voice: 
Satoshi is the last heir of the Hikari family, which created powerful artworks that the Niwa family has been stealing for years via Dark. In the anime version, Kosuke made a play on words with Satoshi's last name being synonymous with light (also pronounced 'hikari'), though the kanji for Satoshi's family name actually means 'ice hunter'. 
Although he is just as capable of creating artwork as his ancestors have been, he avoids doing so. This is both to go against his fate and to avoid creating any more dangerous artworks. In the anime, he was shown painting in flashbacks of when he was a child and getting praise from his adopted father before the man became abusive.
After his mother's death, Satoshi was adopted by the Hiwatari family. His adoptive father appears to be aware of the Hikari and in the anime adaptation attempts to use the power of the artworks for his own purposes, eventually getting killed by one of the artworks he tries to harness the power of. Satoshi is shown to have a strong dislike for his stepfather, and refuses to play along when the man tries to pass the two of them off as a close family.
Much as Daisuke houses the soul of Dark Mousy, Satoshi holds that of his opposite, Krad. Unlike Dark, Krad is homicidal and cares nothing for Satoshi, causing Satoshi to regularly fight to keep him inside. It is suggested that Satoshi wears glasses as a way of helping him keep Krad in check, as he notes that he does not actually need them and once they are removed he almost immediately feels Krad trying to emerge.
In the manga version, Satoshi and Daisuke are inconvenient but genuine friends who both try to protect each other from their alter egos, and their friendship is tested and strengthened by their mutual afflictions. However, the closer they grow to friendship, the more complicated their rivalries become. Satoshi has an intense dislike for Dark, similar to Dark's dislike of Krad. It is told bluntly by Satoshi to Daisuke that if the curse continues as is, then Satoshi will be killed by Krad.<br>
In the anime, It has been stated by Dark that Daisuke is the one who causes Satoshi to turn into Krad. Satoshi wants to be close to Daisuke despite the danger of Krad to both of them. 
Several times in both manga and anime, it is made apparent just how little Krad cares for Satoshi. Whereas Daisuke is spared the pain of enduring the magic used by Dark via With, and Dark trying to keep the magic use to a minimum, Krad often uses the max amount of power he can summon, and when he takes over his white wings rip from Satoshi's back causing him great pain, and leaving two narrow injures on his back where the wings once were.
Krad.
Character Voice: 
Supporting characters.
Risa Harada.
Character Voice: 
Wanting to be with Dark, Risa begins taking great risks to try to see him during his thieving adventures. Dark initially accepts her affections, then rejects her when he realizes she truly loves him. However, Risa refuses to give him up and after noting that she has "become a lady" he agrees to go on a date with her. During the date, she is kidnapped by Argentine who takes her to his world and demands that she, as Dark's "maiden", help him become more like Dark. 
Satoshi Hiwatari is also seen as showing a bit of concern for her in the manga, deliberately transforming into Krad—something he normally fights—to try and save her when he sees her falling from a tower during Argentine's attack.
As the series progresses, Risa's attitude and childish behavior dies down a bit, though she retains her girly nature. She has made several accounts of being more responsible than she was at the beginning of the series. Stated by Riku herself that her sister was just 'too nice', example being when they were children Risa gave up her bunny to Riku who had lost her teddy bear despite loving her bunny a lot. Risa also cares about both Riku and Daisuke, feeling that Daisuke has finally 'got his act together' and sees him in a new light. Risa has made many mature decisions and has shown that, despite her selfishness, she can be just as kind as her twin sister, Riku. 
In the anime adaptation, Risa's crush on Dark appears to die down towards the end of the series, because in the anime, Dark had already fallen in love 40 years ago with the twins' grandmother, Rika. Not wanting to tarnish those feelings or end up as a replacement, Risa gradually stopped pursuing Dark as a romantic interest. In the manga, however, this plot does not exist. Her feelings for Dark still remain strong, even when Dark told her that he wasn't human.
Riku Harada.
Character Voice: 
Though Riku initially appears to only see Daisuke as a friend, its soon revealed that she harbors romantic feelings for him, though he initially can only see Risa. After her sister rejects him, Riku begins to see him less as clumsy and unreliable, coming to see his strengths and admitting to the feelings she herself had been denying. While trying to sort out her feelings, she remembers that they had met as children when he'd helped her retrieve her precious teddy bear from over a fence one night. Eventually she admits her feelings, but initially is disbelieving when Daisuke tells her he feels the same. Realizing he is speaking the truth, they become a couple.
Riku intensely dislikes Dark, feeling he is nothing but a thief and a playboy, however when Risa is in danger and he promises he will bring her back, she begins to soften her stance towards him. She also sometimes compares him to Daisuke, though she does not yet know that Daisuke is Dark.
In the anime adaptation, Riku is more uncertain of her relationship with Daisuke, temporarily hating that he calls both her and Risa "Harada-san". She thought Dark stole her first kiss but It was actually Daisuke. When Dark was going to kiss Riku, Dark turned back to Daisuke. At the end of the anime, Riku is the only person not in the Niwa or Hikari/Hiwatari family to know that Daisuke is Dark.
Emiko Niwa.
Character Voice: 
Emiko can be hyperactive, and Daisuke notes that sometimes she does not act her age. At time, she seems inconsiderate and unconcerned about Daisuke's situation, but she makes it clear that she does love him and will always watch over him. In addition to training Daisuke, she is in charge of sending out the notices for Dark's upcoming thefts. Emiko also possesses some skills in disguises.(For example: In the manga, she covered up for Daisuke's disappearance on his date with Riku by going as a shop clerk and giving Daisuke a mirror for Riku, which, in actuality, is a Hikari artwork)
In the anime adaptation, her hyperactivity and lack of maturity are increased. She also makes costumes for Daisuke and Dark to wear while out thieving.
Kosuke Niwa.
Character Voice: 
In the anime adaptation, he gives Daisuke a ring called the Rutile of Grief, allowing Kosuke to share Daisuke's pain during a lengthy battle with Krad.
Daiki Niwa.
Character Voice: 
Wiz/With/Wiff.
Character Voice: 
Towa.
Character Voice: 
, who insists on being called "Towa-chan," is a creation of the Hikari family. She first appears in the fifth volume of the manga series when she emerges to assist Daisuke. Released from servitude by Satoshi and after she is helped by Daisuke, Towa chose to begin living in the Niwa household. She assists Daisuke and Dark when possible in their work, enjoying shopping and cooking with his mother. Towa has the ability to detect magical items and can change between her human form and that of a small bird. 
In the anime adaptation, she usually only changes to bird form when weak or flustered.
Chief Superintendent Hiwatari.
Character Voice: 
Some believed that he may have some past relations with Rio Hikari, Satoshi's biological mother.
Keiji Saga.
Character Voice: 
Mio Hio.
Character Voice: 
Takeshi Saehara.
Character Voice: 
In the anime adaptation Takeshi is shown to also bribe female students with pictures of Dark to get them to perform his work for him. In the anime, he falls in love with the character Mio Hio, a living voodoo doll, who did not return his affections.

</doc>
<doc id="19429562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429562" title="Westoe Netty">
Westoe Netty

The Westoe Netty is a painting by Robert Olley. It depicts a historical scene inside a public toilet (Netty is a Geordie dialect word for toilet). Painted in 1972, it has become a cultural symbol of North East England working class history.
Olley was a former miner turned local artist, and his painting was inspired by a real toilet that was formerly sited in Westoe, South Shields. His painting depicted six working class men and a little boy using the netty, which was used by workers travelling to the nearby Westoe Colliery. The painting portrays the wall of the netty covered in humorous and often vulgar graffiti, reflecting many local phrases and cultural references.
The original toilet was built in 1890. When the area it was sited in was earmarked for regeneration, the toilet was saved from demolition by friends of the artist, who dismantled it and put into storage in 1996 in a local shipyard. In 2008 the toilet was rebuilt as a permanent exhibit at the Beamish Museum, County Durham, and opened on 25 July 2008 with a recreation of the picture's scene staged for the media.
Unfortunately by 2010 the authenticity of the rebuilt North Eastern icon became a victim of its own success as its visitors thought it was for public use so a decision to retire it into temporary storage until funds allowed the Westoe Netty to be relocated, reconstructed and plumbed in as a working urinal.

</doc>
<doc id="19429572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429572" title="Wine list">
Wine list

A wine list is a menu of wine selections for purchase, typically in a restaurant setting. A restaurant may include a list of available wines on its main menu, but usually provides a separate menu just for wines. Wine lists in the form of tasting menus and wines for purchase are also offered by wineries and wine stores.
A restaurant's sommelier is usually in charge of assembling the wine list, educating the staff about wine, and assisting customers with their wine selections.
Wine lists have been found from ancient Egyptian times. Ancient wine lists were not created for the same purpose served by a menu, but rather as a means of recording inventory and administrating wine rations in a monarch's household.
Organization.
A wine list is typically organized into sections. A restaurant offering few selections may organize its list in two groups (red wine and white wine) whereas a larger wine list may have several sections, including any of the following:
Pricing.
Next to the description of each wine selection, a wine list displays the price of wine purchased by the bottle or by the glass. Typically a restaurant will price a single glass of wine to recover their purchase cost on the entire bottle. The industry average price markup for bottles of wine ranges from 2.5–3 times the establishment's wholesale cost.
A wine list may also disclose a corkage fee for patrons who bring their own wine, in establishments and countries where this is customary. The corkage fee is intended to cover the profit the restaurant would have earned had it sold the customer a wine.
Format.
Wine lists have traditionally been implemented in paper, usually protected by some kind of cover like the ones seen on the normal restaurant menus. This kind of implementation usually leads to some entries being unavailable due to stock issues, since business owners are unlikely to change the wine list daily.
Recently, a growing trend in the restaurant industry has been to adopt digital wine lists, presenting it to patrons on tablets and similar devices. Besides the efficiency gains on running the restaurant's wine list, these digital devices are able to monitor the patron's behavior and preferences, allowing restaurant managers and sommeliers to access deep insight about their customer, pricing impact and other factors. 

</doc>
<doc id="19429586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429586" title="Maurice Custeau">
Maurice Custeau

Maurice-Tréflé Custeau (March 10, 1916 – August 19, 1990) was a politician. He was a Member of the provincial legislature and a City Councillor in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Background.
He was born in Montreal on March 10, 1916 and was a businessman.
City Councillor.
Custeau was appointed to the City Council by the "Jeune Chambre de commerce de Montréal" (Young Chamber of Commerce) and served from 1950 to 1954.
Member of the legislature.
He successfully ran as a Union Nationale candidate in the district of Montréal–Jeanne-Mance in 1956 and was re-elected in 1960.
He served as Parliamentary Assistant from 1959 to 1960 and briefly as a Minister without Portfolio in 1960.
He lost his bid for re-election in 1962 against Liberal candidate Aimé Brisson.
He also ran in the district of Dorion in 1966, but lost again.
Death.
Custeau died on August 19, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19429599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429599" title="Supply and Depend">
Supply and Depend

Supply and Depend is the first full-length release by Warship, the band founded by Fran Mark and Rob Lauritsen, formerly of the now defunct From Autumn to Ashes. It was released on November 4, 2008 on Vagrant Records and features 10 tracks the band recorded with producer Andrew Schneider over the summer. Almost all of the songs from the album were played live on the band's recent tour with Reggie and the Full Effect.
Artist Brad Bacon made the cover of the album. Shirts with the album cover on them are also available at the band's shows.

</doc>
<doc id="19429604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429604" title="Randy McClanahan">
Randy McClanahan

Randy McClanahan (born December 12, 1954 in Lincoln, Nebraska) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Los Angeles Raiders and Buffalo Bills.

</doc>
<doc id="19429605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429605" title="Auðunar þáttr vestfirzka">
Auðunar þáttr vestfirzka

Auðunar þáttr vestfirska ('the story of Auðun of the Westfjords') is a short tale (or þáttr) preserved in three distinct versions as part of the saga of Harald III of Norway (reigned 1047-66, a.k.a. Haraldr inn harðráði Sigurðsson), as the saga is told in the manuscripts Morkinskinna, Flateyjarbók, and several others. Widely translated and anthologised, it is admired for its beautifully simple account of a poor Icelander from the Westfjords, the harshest region of the country, who decides to take a polar bear as a present to Sweyn II of Denmark (reigned 1047-74/76, a.k.a. Sveinn Úlfsson). Auðun sticks to his task despite having to pass through the court of Haraldr, who is continually at odds with Sweyn, and proceeds on a pilgrimage to Rome. Auðun's mixture of determination, audacity and humility leads him to gain the respect of both kings, and through him their respect for one another increases also.
Although ostensibly historical, the work is more plausibly to be seen as 'a historified folktale'.

</doc>
<doc id="19429621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429621" title="Nicolás Gaitán">
Nicolás Gaitán

Osvaldo Nicolás "Nico" Fabián Gaitán (born 23 February 1988) is an Argentine footballer who plays for S.L. Benfica in the Primeira Liga and the Argentine national team, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Club career.
Boca Juniors.
Born in San Martín, Buenos Aires, Gaitán rose from the ranks at Boca Juniors, having entered its youth system at the age of 13 in spite of doubts regarding his future due to his small frame. He made his competitive debut with the club on 1 June 2008 in a 3–1 win against Arsenal de Sarandí, and scored his first two Primera División goals two months later in a 3–0 success at Club Atlético Huracán.
On 23 September 2008 Gaitán netted his first goal in an international tournament, that year's Copa Sudamericana, against Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito. Two days later he again made the scoresheet, in the 4–2 win over Newell's Old Boys where he also set up Lucas Viatri for his side's final goal.
Gaitán scored seven times in 33 games in his last season with Boca, who only managed to finish 11th in the "Apertura" and 16th in the "Clausura", however.
Benfica.
On 3 May 2010, Portugal's S.L. Benfica confirmed they had reached an agreement to sign Gaitán for €8.4 million, as a replacement for countryman Ángel di María who had just been sold to Real Madrid –his move, after the transfer of Óscar Cardozo for €11.6 million, was the second most expensive purchase in the club's history. He made his official debut for his new team by starting and playing 66 minutes in a 1–2 away loss to C.D. Nacional, opening his scoring account also with a brace, at home against Associação Naval 1º de Maio on 14 November (4–0).
Gaitán finished his first year with the Lisbon side with 48 appearances all competitions comprised, scoring nine times as it finished second in the league and won the domestic league cup.
International career.
Gaitán made his international debut for Argentina on 30 September 2009, as a substitute in a 2–0 friendly win with Ghana, and he made his first start in a 3–2 success against Costa Rica on 26 January of the following year.
Statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 19 May 2013"
International.
"Statistics accurate as of 9 April 2012"
Style of play.
Gaitán began playing as a midfielder, sometimes leaning to the left. After moving to Benfica he assumed a more advanced role, where he seemed more comfortable.
A left-footer who is also able to play on the right, with good dribbling skills and close control, Gaitán's main asset is ball distribution as he is able to cross from either flank, and while on the right he possesses the vision to pick holes when cutting inside.

</doc>
<doc id="19429645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429645" title="Safari (Jovanotti album)">
Safari (Jovanotti album)

Safari is the eleventh studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Jovanotti. Preceded by the single "Fango", it was released in Italy on 17 January 2008. The album features guests including Ben Harper, who plays a guitar solo in "Fango", Italian band Negramaro's frontman Giuliano Sangiorgi, Brazilian musician Sérgio Mendes and American recording artist Michael Franti.
"Safari" was a commercial success, topping the Italian Albums Chart for seven weeks and being certified five times platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry. It also became the best-selling album of 2008 in Italy, while its second single, "A te", ranked first in the Italian annual chart. 

</doc>
<doc id="19429697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429697" title="Levasseur PL.10">
Levasseur PL.10

__NOTOC__
The Levasseur PL.10 was a carrier-based reconnaissance aircraft developed in France in the late 1920s. It was a conventional, single-bay biplane along similar lines to Levasseur's contemporary designs for the French navy, including a watertight, boat-shaped fuselage, small underwing floats, and undercarriage that could be jettisoned in flight in order to improve the changes of a successful ditching.
Thirty of these machines were purchased by the Aéronavale, entering service aboard the carrier "Béarn" in 1931 under the designation R3b. In 1935, these were followed by thirty examples of an improved version, the PL.101, which replaced the original PL.10s in service aboard the carrier.
The PL.10 also radically revised in the PL.107 torpedo bomber prototypes of 1937. These featured a fully enclosed cockpit that also enclosed the mounting between the fuselage and upper wing, therefore moving the fuselage higher in the interplane gap. To compensate for this, the lower wing was replaced with one of inverse gull design, and the main undercarriage units were moved to its "low points" and provided with spats. Two prototypes were evaluated and rejected by the Aéronavale. Levasseur then made one final attempt to sell the PL.10 design in the PL.108, which was generally similar to the PL.107s. This first flew on 26 September 1939, but proved no more promising than its predecessors. 

</doc>
<doc id="19429704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429704" title="Üçbulaq">
Üçbulaq

Üçbulaq may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19429723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429723" title="SS Empire Simba">
SS Empire Simba

SS "Empire Simba" was a British steam-powered cargo ship. She was originally an American ship, launched in 1918 as SS "West Cohas". During a stint in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919, she was called USS "West Cohas" (ID-3253).
"West Cohas" was built in 1918 for the as part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort. She was the 24th ship built by Skinner & Eddy of Seattle, Washington, and was completed in 88 calendar days. She was commissioned into the of the United States Navy as USS "West Cohas" (ID-3253) in June 1918. After several overseas trips for the Navy, she was decommissioned in May 1919 and returned to the .
"West Cohas" ran aground off Sable Island in 1925 while trying to assist a vessel in distress, but otherwise had a relatively uneventful merchant career for the . In 1933, she was sold to the Lykes Brothers Steamship Company. In 1939, she collided with the Irish passenger ship "Munster", which damaged both vessels. In June 1940, "West Cobalt" was sold to British interests and renamed "Empire Simba".
During convoy service in World War II, "Empire Simba" initially sailed between the United Kingdom and North America carrying cargos of scrap iron from the United States. She was bombed by a German aircraft on 1 March and abandoned. She was towed to port for repairs but was struck by a German land mine dropped in a bombing raid. After six months of repairs, she began sailing roundtrips to Freetown, Sierra Leone. On one return voyage to the UK in July 1944, she collided with another ship in the convoy. After splitting the rest of the war between voyages to North America and Africa, "Empire Simba" was loaded with chemical weapons in August 1945 and scuttled west of Ireland.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Cohas", one of some 24 "West" ships built by Skinner & Eddy of Seattle, Washington.
"West Cohas" (Skinner & Eddy No. 24, No. 1177) was launched on 4 May 1918 and delivered to the United States Navy upon completion later in the month. "West Cohas" was built in a total of 73 working days, 88 calendar days, and was listed in seventh place on a list of the ten fastest-built ocean-going vessels compiled in 1920. Skinner & Eddy received a $64,000 bonus for completing the ship early. 
The ship was long between perpendiculars and overall, and had a beam of . Her draught was (mean) or and her depth of hold was . Her tonnages were , 5,173 tons under deck; NRT 3,465, 12,225 displacement.
The ship had a double reduction-geared steam turbine that drove her single screw propeller, giving her a speed of . By 1930 her equipment included submarine signalling and radio.
Military career.
USS "West Cohas" (ID-3253) was commissioned into the on 4 June with Lieutenant Commander W.F. Andrews, USNRF, in command. After successfully completing sea trials, "West Cohas" sailed for Arica, Chile, to carry a cargo of nitrates to the United States. Sailing from Arica on 29 July, "West Cohas" transited the Panama Canal and arrived at Charleston, South Carolina, where she unloaded the cargo. She sailed up the East Coast to Norfolk, Virginia, where she arrived on 25 September. After taking on a full load of matériel for the American Expeditionary Force in France, she sailed on 9 October for Brest, France, where she arrived on 28 October. While in port discharging her cargo, the Armistice was signed on 11 November, ending the fighting. She sailed for the United States ten days later.
After her return, "West Cohas" made two post-war more voyages to La Pallice, France. She was employed as a transport during her return trips to the United States. Though specific information about the number of troops "West Cohas" carried (or was capable of carrying) is unknown, , a Skinner & Eddy-constructed sister ship, carried 23 men on at least one voyage. She returned to Norfolk on 5 May at the conclusion of her second voyage where she was decommissioned 4 days later and returned to the .
Civilian career.
After her return to the , "West Cohas" sailed on a France – Southampton – New York route through 1920. In September 1919, "West Grama" carried 56 passengers from Bassens to New York.
Little is known about "West Cohas"s subsequent civilian career until 1925. On 20 July, "The Washington Post" carried a news report that "West Cohas" had run aground on shoals off Sable Island. The French fishing trawler "Labrador" had run aground on the shoals on the morning of 19 July and had issued a distress call. The nearby "West Cohas" steamed to her aid, but became stranded on the rocks nearby and issued her own distress call. Lifesaving crews had been dispatched but could reach neither ship because of fog and waves. At press time the Canadian government buoy tender and several tugs were reported on their way to aid both ships. There were no follow up reports to indicate how much damage "West Cohas" sustained, but she escaped the fate of the "Labrador", which was a total loss. "West Cohas" had been repaired and was back in service by November 1926, when "The Wall Street Journal" reported that she was to begin service carrying grain from Galveston, Texas, to London.
In 1933, "West Cohas" was sold to the Lykes Brothers Steamship Company, which assigned her to its Ripley Steamship Company subsidiary. During the 1930s, Lykes Brothers primarily operated cargo ships between Gulf Coast and Caribbean ports, and, though there is little specific information available regarding "West Cohas"s movements, it is likely that she called at Gulf coast and Caribbean ports for portions of her Lykes Brothers career. In July 1938, she was sailing from New Orleans to Liverpool when she rammed the Irish motor vessel "Munster" north of Dublin. "Munster", with 200 passengers aboard, was damaged on her starboard side, while "West Cohas"s bow was twisted from the impact. Both vessels made it to Liverpool without loss of life.
World War II.
On 21 June 1940, Lykes Brothers sold "West Cohas" to British interests for transfer to British registry. The crew for the newly British ship was shipped from Liverpool on the Cunard Line ocean liner to New York via Halifax and bussed to Galveston, Texas, to take possession of the ship. Sailing from that port, they took on a load of scrap iron and headed for Bermuda. At Bermuda, "West Cohas" joined a convoy to Halifax and then on to Liverpool. At about 1030 hrs on 19 August "West Cohas" lost track of the convoy but continued on independently, arriving at Liverpool on 23 August. "West Cohas" sailed for Methil five days later and arrived on 1 September.
The ship was transferred to the Ministry of War Transport, which renamed her "Empire Simba" and assigned Andrew Weir & Co. of London to manage her. After spending six weeks at Methil, where she had an advanced ship degaussing system installed among other repairs, "Empire Simba" proceeded to Oban via Lyness in mid November. She set out for North America in Convoy OB-253 on 2 December. Four days out, heavy weather dispersed the convoy, and "Empire Simba" proceeded independently. The ship continued to take a beating from heavy seas which opened the number one cargo hold to the ocean. Because the water was coming in faster than the bilge pumps in the hold number one could pump, the crew cut through the bulkheads into cargo hold number two to double the pumping capacity and were able to keep the ship under control long enough to arrive in Bermuda on 26 December. After temporary repairs were made there, "Empire Simba" sailed on 6 January 1942 first to Halifax and then to Baltimore for more permanent repairs.
After two weeks in Baltimore, "Empire Simba" headed to Hampton Roads, Virginia, to take on another load of scrap iron for the UK. After making her way to Halifax by early February, she sailed on 9 February as a part of Convoy HX-108, but dropped out and joined up with Convoy SC-22, a slower convoy that had left Halifax a day earlier. Off the Northern Ireland coast, the convoy escorts broke off and "Empire Simba" and three other ships sailed into the Irish Sea. Headed to her destination of Port Talbot, "Empire Simba" was at the back of the line of the four ships. At 1300 hrs on 1 March, a German bomber attacked the column and had a near miss on "Empire Simba". The force of the explosion shattered the main water injection pipe in the engine room, flooding her engine room and leaving the ship dead in the water. The German bomber, with smoke trailing from it after being hit by bullets from one of "Empire Simba"s two Hotchkiss Mark I machine guns, headed off for Ireland. There were no towing vessels immediately available for "Empire Simba", so as darkness approached, "Empire Simba"s crew abandoned the ship for the escorting trawler. Taking the ship's two machine guns, the chronometer, and some personal belongings, the crew were landed at Milford Haven. "Empire Simba" was saved and towed into Birkenhead, where the officers rejoined with their erstwhile ship. During an overnight bombing raid on the night of 12/13 March, German bombers parachuted land mines on Birkenhead. One landed on "Empire Simba" and exploded, causing significant damage to the ship.
By mid-August 1941, "Empire Simba", with a completely new crew, had been repaired enough to set out in a Liverpool – Freetown convoy, but evidently returned to Liverpool the same day. After making her way to Oban on 9 September, she began the first of seven roundtrips to Freetown over the next 18 months, including convoy SL 125. Twice, when setting out with convoys, "Empire Simba" had to return to port with unspecified problems. In a third convoy sailing, a problem with her steering gear caused her to collide with another convoy ship, "Empire Scott", and on 1 August "Empire Simba" straggled and dropped out of the convoy.
In February and March 1944, "Empire Simba" made an extended round trip from the UK to Gibraltar. During this time, she called in neutral Spain at Valencia on 15 March and Burriana on 18 March. Between April 1944 and June 1945 she made four transatlantic crossings, interrupted by another trip to Freetown in December 1944.
Scuttling.
By August 1945, "Empire Simba" was at anchor in the harbour of Cairn Ryan in the west of Scotland. There she was loaded with 8,000 tons of chemical weapons that had been stockpiled for use if the Germans had used chemical weapons first. On 11 September "Empire Simba" was scuttled in the North Atlantic beyond the continental shelf, northwest of Ireland. Her wreck is at in of water.
"Empire Simba" was one of four redundant cargo ships that the Admiralty used to dispose of chemical ammunition at the same site in the North Atlantic. The others were SS "Empire Cormorant" on 1 October and and on 30 October.

</doc>
<doc id="19429724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429724" title="Cal Peterson">
Cal Peterson

Calvin Elston "Cal" Peterson (born October 6, 1952 in Los Angeles, California) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played seven seasons for the Dallas Cowboys, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the Kansas City Chiefs and the Los Angeles Raiders.
Early years.
Peterson prepped at Los Angeles High School, before moving on to UCLA, where he played the "loose" defensive end position and was a three year starter.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Peterson was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the third round of the 1974 NFL Draft, with the intention of converting him to an outside linebacker. As a rookie, his speed allowed him to become a key special teams player.
In 1975, he was the fourth linebacker on the depth chart and was used on passing downs, on a team that played in Super Bowl X.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers selected him from the Cowboys roster in the 1976 NFL Expansion Draft. He was a starter and considered the team's best linebacker, until suffering a sprained knee in the fourth game of the season. He returned in the eighth game to play against the Denver Broncos, but he reinjured his knee and was placed on the injured reserve list. He could never fully recover from his knee injury and was waived the next off-season after failing a physical.
Los Angeles Rams.
Peterson signed with the Los Angeles Rams in 1978, but was waived before the start of the season.
Kansas City Chiefs.
He signed with the Kansas City Chiefs for the 1979 season and went on to start thirteen games in the span of three years. 
In 1981, he started the season on the reserve non-football injured list after coming to training camp with a virus that limited him, but recovered to play in 11 games. He was waived before the start of the 1982 season.
Los Angeles Raiders.
In 1982, he played for the Los Angeles Raiders and was active in 4 games.

</doc>
<doc id="19429747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429747" title="WTA Tournament of Champions">
WTA Tournament of Champions

WTA Tournament of Champions is a tennis tournament and it debuted at the Bali International Convention Centre (adjoining the Westin Resort) on November 4–8 and was a part of the 2009 WTA Tour. The first edition of the tournament featured top Sony Ericsson WTA Tour players and next generation champions competing in an innovative, 12-woman round robin singles format (four groups of three players, then single-elimination semifinals and final), and offered both US$600,000, €500,000 in prize money and a chance to earn a €1-million bonus for qualified players who won three or more international tournaments. For its second edition, the tournament featured an eight-woman draw with players having only one opportunity to reach the semifinals, where the remaining four women would compete for the first, second, third, and fourth place prizes. The event replaced the Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic in Bali (a former Tier III tournament).
For the 2009 edition, the 10 highest-ranked players who had captured at least one international tournament during the year and who were not participating in singles at the year-end Sony Ericsson Championships – Doha 2009 qualified for the event, along with two wildcards. For the 2010 edition, only the top 8 ranked women qualified for the event, with the tournament having the possibility to replace competitors with wildcards of their choice. 
The Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions is set to take place in Bali for an initial period of 2009–2011. In the period of 2012–2014, the tournament will be held in Sofia, Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19429765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429765" title="Alyaksandr Myatlitski">
Alyaksandr Myatlitski

Myatlitski made nine appearances for the Belarus national football team.
On 29 December 2009 Alyaksandr was named as a sporting director for Heart of Midlothian.

</doc>
<doc id="19429779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429779" title="Paul Mellars">
Paul Mellars

Sir Paul Anthony Mellars FBA (born 29 October 1939) is Professor Emeritus of Prehistory and Human Evolution in the Department of Archaeology at the University of Cambridge.
Academic career.
Mellars obtained his MA, PhD and ScD degrees at the University of Cambridge, where he was a student of Fitzwilliam College, then taught for ten years in the Archaeology Department at Sheffield University before returning to Cambridge in 1980, where he became a fellow of Corpus Christi College. He briefly served as acting
master of the college in 2007, following the resignation of Sir Alan Wilson, but six months later lost the election to become the formal successor to Wilson to Oliver Rackham. He has held visiting positions at the State University of New York at Binghamton and the Australian National University. He is a Fellow of the British Academy, member of the Academia Europaea and served as president of the Prehistoric Society. He is also a trustee of the ACE Foundation.
Mellars was knighted in the 2010 New Year Honours for services to scholarship.
Research.
His recent research has concentrated on the behaviour and archaeology of Neanderthal populations in Europe, and their replacement by "Homo sapiens" 40,000 years ago. Mellars contributed to the three part BBC mini-series "Dawn of Man — The Story of Human Evolution" (2000).
He has also studied the way in which mesolithic hunter-gatherer populations in Britain adapted to climate changes following the last ice age. He has carried out excavations on early Mesolithic sites at Oronsay in the Inner Hebrides in Scotland and published the results from work at Star Carr in North Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19429808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429808" title="Harry Fainlight">
Harry Fainlight

Harry Fainlight (1935–1982) was a British/American poet associated with the Beats movement.
He was the younger brother of Ruth Fainlight (b 1931), also a poet, who edited a posthumous volume of his work, "Selected Poems", published in 1986.
Personal life.
Educated at English grammar schools and Cambridge University, where he was contemporary with Ted Hughes, Fainlight was a precocious youth who admired the Beat poets and published in English magazines like "Encounter" from his early twenties. Dual citizenship gave him the opportunity to travel freely to the US and view heroes such as Allen Ginsberg at first-hand. He stayed in New York for three years from 1962. During his sojourn there, Ginsberg called him, "the most gifted English poet of his generation", and Fainlight contributed to "Fuck You", a radical arts magazine published by Ed Sanders (see also The Fugs). Like Ginsberg, Fainlight was Jewish, homosexual and a keen experimenter with drugs. His American work included a poem, "Mescaline Notes" and a disturbing epic about a bad LSD trip, "The Spider". 
Fainlight returned to London in the spring of 1965; there, small imprint, Turret Books, issued the only volume published in England in his lifetime, "Sussicran", a slim 12-page pamphlet. The title is "Narcissus" reversed.
Fainlight never sustained a significant relationship, never lived with anyone and was, according to his sister, "in and out of mental hospitals all his adult life." In 1982 while suffering from pneumonia, he went for an evening walk in light clothing. He was found later lying in a field dead from hypothermia.
The International Poetry Incarnation, 11 June 1965.
When Ginsberg visited London in June 1965 he gave a reading at Better Books in Charing Cross Road which proved extremely popular. The shop's manager Barry Miles suggested a larger event, incorporating fellow beat writers Lawrence Ferlinghetti and Gregory Corso who were due in the city. Ginsberg’s girlfriend of the time, Barbara Rubin, asked which was the largest venue in London. Miles’s wife mentioned the Royal Albert Hall. Rubin spontaneously booked the 5000-seat venue for 10 days later. 
Incredibly, for a modern poetry reading, the International Poetry Incarnation was more than sold out. It was, says Miles - in Stephen Gammond’s film," A Technicolour Dream" (2008) – "like a poetry rave," the first sign of many like-minds being interested in "underground’ art. 
Harry Fainlight was one of 17 poets booked to appear alongside Ginsberg. His sublime performance can be seen in Peter Whitehead’s film of the event, "Wholly Communion" (1965). The packed hall takes against the young poet as he begins to read 'The Spider' and is interrupted by Dutch writer Simon Vinkenoog, high on mescalin, who chants "Love, love!" when the crowd becomes restless. It was hard for Fainlight to continue reading after this. The occasion upset him deeply, though was typical of various crises and outrages in a troubled life.
International Times.
Fainlight became a founding contributor of International Times (IT), a countercultural newspaper launched in October 1966 from the basement of the Indica Bookshop. "Tales From The Embassy", a trilogy of stories by Dave Tomlin (another guiding spirit behind IT) features Fainlight as poet Harry Flame. The narrator recalls smiling at Flame on a beautiful morning, the latter replying with a grimace: "I’ll get you for that!", 
When, at the suggestion of Ted Hughes, Faber & Faber offered to publish Fainlight’s work, he lit a petrol-soaked rag and posted it through the publisher’s letterbox.
But he also joined in with the antic spirit of the time. In late summer 1967 John "Hoppy" Hopkins organised a parade, "The Death and Resurrection of IT". Fainlight appeared in this piece of improvised street theatre as the human personification of the magazine. He was carried in a coffin on a ‘rebirth journey’ from the Cenotaph in Whitehall to Notting Hill Gate (including a ride on the Circle Line), where the procession wound through Portobello Market and IT (Fainlight) was symbolically resurrected at the Tavistock Road junction.
However, when Michael Horovitz's anthology, was published by Penguin in 1967, Fainlight, amongst a few other underground poets of the time, was not included.
Selected Poems.
In his review of "From The Notebooks", a book transcribed by Dave Tomlin from a lecture Fainlight gave at the Cambodian Embassy in the ‘70s, Nall McDevitt called the 78-page "Selected Poems" (Turret, London, 1986), edited by Ruth Fainlight "underwhelming", noting that pastoral works far outnumbered the poems inspired by his years in New York and asked "where were the gay-sex-in-toilets poems or the out-of-it-on-drugs poems?" Ruth Fainlight responded with a letter she received from her brother in 1981. Harry Fainlight wrote: "Your particular duty now is to help preserve the poetry that I wrote before I went to America (& since) & which belongs to your own literary area but which has been cut off & isolated from it by those three intervening years. Politically, it is only the work of those three years which they wish to exploit. And the formulae of exploitation are very profitable & so they keep on repeating them. But they have become more & more irrelevant to the whole of my work; those years exist in it only as a body of water, a lake in a far greater surrounding land mass. Certainly they are not where I live. I am saying all this because there is still no one who really cares enough to be responsible for my work; to protect it from the inroads of philistinism. If you do not, it encourages the philistine movement."
The Place of Dead Roads.
Fainlight is obliquely commemorated in William Burroughs' 1983 novel "The Place of Dead Roads," when the title image is explained: "And what is a dead road? Well, senor, somebody you used to meet, un amigo, tal vez... Remember [...] 24 Arundle Terrace in London? So many dead roads." Phil Baker has traced this to Arundel Gardens, a terrace in Notting Hill where Fainlight lived at number 24 during 1968-69. He had a brief sexual liaison with Burroughs and they remained friends; news of his death, which Burroughs received while writing the book, would have been a stimulus to the memory of Arundel Gardens as a "dead road".
Fragments of a Lost Voice.
In 2008 a suitcase containing a bundle of papers were discovered in a Welsh barn left there by Harry sometime before his death. Amongst the papers were two handwritten and unfinished poems, (City I & City II.) These were deciphered by 22 poets who then wrote new poems inspired by these fragments. The results were curated by Dave Tomlin and published as 'Fragments of a Lost Voice'.

</doc>
<doc id="19429826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429826" title="John Flinn">
John Flinn

John Richard Flinn (born September 2, 1954) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Flinn pitched in all or part of four seasons between and . He had two separate stints with the Baltimore Orioles, the first in 1978-, and the second in 1982, in between which he pitched for the Milwaukee Brewers in .

</doc>
<doc id="19429839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429839" title="UGC 9618">
UGC 9618

UGC 9618 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes. UGC 9618, also known as VV 340 or Arp 302 consists of a pair of very gas-rich spiral galaxies in their early stages of interaction. An enormous amount of infrared light is radiated by the gas from massive stars that are forming at a rate similar to the most vigorous giant star-forming regions in our own Milky Way. UGC 9618 is 450 million light-years away from Earth, and is the 302nd galaxy in Arp's Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies.
The face-on northern spiral galaxy is known as "MCG +04-35-019", "UGC 9618N" or "UGC 9618B".

</doc>
<doc id="19429869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429869" title="Cowichan Valley Regional Transit System">
Cowichan Valley Regional Transit System

Cowichan Valley Regional Transit System is a public bus service in Duncan and the Cowichan Valley of British Columbia, Canada. The conventional transit of the Cowichan Valley Transit System has been in service since 1993 and is currently operated by Greyhound Canada. handyDART is a transportation service for people with a disability who are unable to use conventional transit, which is operated by Volunteer Cowichan
Cowichan Valley Commuter Transit System.
There is a weekday commuter service between Duncan, Cobble Hill, Mill Bay, Shawnigan Lake, and Victoria. The buses leave the Cowichan Valley in the morning and then return in the evening. The buses travel via the Malahat. Funding for this service, which started operating on October 20, 2008 is provided by Cowichan Valley Regional District, Victoria Regional Transit and BC Transit.

</doc>
<doc id="19429874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429874" title="Gilg">
Gilg

Gilg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19429883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429883" title="Qızılqaya">
Qızılqaya

Qızılqaya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19429887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429887" title="Chrysolius">
Chrysolius

Saint Chrysolius () the Armenian is the patron saint of Komen, in Belgium; his relics were venerated in the basilica of St Donatian, Bruges. According to tradition, he was a native of Armenia who fled to Rome during the persecution of Christians by Diocletian, was received by Pope Marcellus I and sent to northeast Gaul, where he evangelized at Verlengehem. According to his legend, he then became a spiritual student of Saint Denis and was sent with Saint Piatus to evangelize the area of Cambrai and Tournai. Chrysolius then became a bishop and was subsequently stopped by Roman soldiers and condemned to be decapitated; the top of his skull was sliced off. According to his legend, the piece of his skull broke into three smaller pieces, and where each piece fell, a miraculous spring gushed out. Chrysolius, after recovering the top of his cranium, walked to Komen and died there, after crossing the ford at the Deule River that now bears his name.
Veneration.
The waters of the springs where pieces of his head are said to have fallen were believed to cure ailments of the throat and eyes.
The rosette in the façade of the church of Saint-Vaast at Wambrechies depicts Chrysolius, along with saints Hubert, Benedict, and Bernard.
The church of Saint-Chrysole was rebuilt in neo-Byzantine style between 1922–1929, after its predecessor was destroyed in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="19429912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429912" title="Mark to model">
Mark to model

Mark-to-Model refers to the practice of pricing a position or portfolio at prices determined by financial models, in contrast to allowing the market to determine the price. Often the use of models is necessary where a market for the financial product is not available, such as with 
complex financial instruments. One shortcoming of Mark-to-Model is that it gives an artificial illusion of liquidity, and the actual price of the product depends on the accuracy of the financial models
used to estimate the price.
On the other hand it is argued that Asset managers and Custodians have a real problem valuing illiquid assets in their portfolios even though many of these assets are perfectly sound and the asset manager has no intention of selling them. Assets should be valued at mark to market prices as required by the Basel rules. However mark to market prices should not be used in isolation, but rather compared to model prices to test their validity. Models should be improved to take into account the greater amount of market data available. New methods and new data are available to help improve models and these should be used. In the end all prices start off from a model.
Hedge Funds.
Hedge funds may use mark-to-model for the illiquid portion of their book.
Another shortcoming of mark-to-model is that even if the 
pricing models are accurate during typical market conditions there can be periods of market stress and illiquidity where the price of less liquid securities declines significantly, for instance through the widening of their bid-ask spread. 
The failure of Long-Term Capital Management, in 1998, is a well-known example where the markets were shaken by the Russian financial crisis, causing the price of corporate bonds and treasury bonds to get out of line for a period longer than expected by the LTCM's models. This situation caused the hedge fund to melt down, and required a Fed bailout to prevent the toxicity from spilling into other financial markets.
Enron Collapse.
The collapse of Enron is a well-known example of
the risks and abuses of Mark-to-Model pricing of Futures contracts. Many of Enron's contracts were difficult 
to value since these products were not publicly traded, thus computer models were used to generate prices. When Enron's profits began to fall with increased competition, accounts manipulated the mark-to-market models to put a positive spin on Enron's earnings.
Criticism.
In 2003, Warren Buffett criticised mark-to-model pricing techniques in the derivatives market for bringing on "large scale mischief" and degenerating
into "mark-to-myth".

</doc>
<doc id="19429914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429914" title="John Vaughan (judge)">
John Vaughan (judge)

Sir John Vaughan SL (14 September 1603 – 10 December 1674), of Trawsgoed, was a British justice.
Life.
He was born in Ceredigion, Wales, the eldest of eight children of Edward Vaughan and his wife Letitia (Lettic) Stedman of Strata Florida, and was educated initially at The King's School, Worcester between 1613 and 1618, when he was admitted to Christ Church, Oxford. He attended until 1621, leaving without gaining a degree, and the same year was accepted into the Inner Temple. In 1625 he married Jane Stedman, with whom he had a son Edward, and in 1628 he was elected as a Member of Parliament for Cardigan, representing them again at both the Short and Long Parliaments. He was a moderate royalist, helping to prosecute William Laud and write the Triennial Acts, but refused to support a bill of attainder against Thomas Wentworth, saying it was unconstitutional. In 1630 he was called to the Bar. In that same year, he returned to Ceredigion before the outbreak of the English Civil War and bought eight Ceredigion granges, totalling , formerly belonging to Strata Florida Abbey, further increasing the lands of Trawsgoed, the family estate. This lead him to be one of the richest landowners in an economically poor country. Although at first a strong loyalist, the fall of Tenby in 1643 disturbed him, and he began training the local militia. As a result of this his house was plundered in July 1645, and he was banned from sitting in Parliament in September. 
After the civil war he refused to return to public life, barely venturing out of his estates; the Earl of Clarendon claimed that he had lived ‘as near an innocent life as the iniquity of that time would permit’. After the English Restoration he represented Cardiganshire in the Cavalier Parliament between 1661 and 1669, and was widely admired for his eloquence, with Samuel Pepys describing him as 'the great Vaughan’. He was knighted and made a serjeant-at-law on 20 May 1668, and made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas on 23 May. His most enduring case was Bushel's Case in 1670, which set the precedent that a jury could not be forced into changing a verdict which a judge does not approve of, one that has endured ever since; as such a plaque in the Old Bailey with the names of the jurors involved also includes that of Vaughan. He was a friend of John Selden, and acted as one of the executors of his estate after Selden's death in 1654, placing his library in the 'Selden end' of the Bodleian Library. Vaughan died on 10 December 1674 at Serjeant's Inn, and was buried twelve days later at Temple Church, with Edward Stillingfleet speaking at his funeral. His court reports were later published by his son in 1677, with a corrected edition in 1706.

</doc>
<doc id="19429922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429922" title="Donor's Bill of Rights">
Donor's Bill of Rights

The Donor's Bill of Rights was created by the Association of Fundraising Professionals, the Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), the Council for Advancement and Support of Education, and the Giving Institute: Leading Consultants to Non-Profits. It has been endorsed by numerous organizations in the United States.
The Donor Bill of Rights.
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To ensure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:

</doc>
<doc id="19429952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429952" title="Magpul PDR">
Magpul PDR

The Magpul PDR (Personal Defense Rifle) is a compact bullpup-style 5.56x45mm carbine being developed by Magpul Industries. Although halted in development, it has garnered some attention, largely due to its "futuristic" appearance. The system consists of a gas-operated bullpup intended to replace some submachine guns, M9 pistols and M4 carbines while still offering the rapid fire and range of a M4 carbine in an ultra compact firearm.
The PDR is one of the few personal defense weapons to use a standard caliber. This decision was made to minimize the logistic burden of the weapon. The method of operation is a short stroke gas piston that may or may not include a two baffle compensator, barrel lengths of between 10.5 to 12.5 inches. It is striker-fired, uses STANAG magazines, features an ambidextrous ejection system, and ambidextrous controls. A Picatinny rail offers mounting for various optics. There is also some indication of integrated lighting and/or laser systems
The PDR-C (Compact) features an FN P90-style pistol grip and ergonomics offering a more compact weapon, while the PDR-D (Direct) uses a more conventional pistol grip with vertical grip (similar to a Steyr TMP) and safety nub to keep users from injuring themselves.
Magpul's "Professional Training Division" (PTS) has developed an airsoft rendition of the PDR in conjunction with Magpul to finalize the firearm's aesthetic design.

</doc>
<doc id="19429974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429974" title="2008–09 EIHL season">
2008–09 EIHL season

The 2008–09 EIHL season was the sixth season of the Elite Ice Hockey League. It began in September 2008, and ran through to April 2009. The ten clubs in the League competed for 4 different competitions: the Elite League, the Play-Offs, the Challenge Cup, and the Knockout Cup. The winners of the regular season will compete in the 2009–2010 Champions Hockey League. For this season, the Coventry Blaze represented Great Britain in the Continental Cup.
Charity Shield.
The season began on September 3, 2008 with a "Charity Shield" game between the 2007–08 league champions and Knockout Cup winning Coventry Blaze and the playoff champions Sheffield Steelers at the SkyDome. The Blaze narrowly beat the Steelers 5-4 in sudden death overtime.
Challenge Cup.
For the preliminary round, teams were divided into two groups of five with teams playing each of their opponents once with two homes games and two away games. The home and away games for each club were determined by a random draw. The top two in each group advanced to the semi finals of the competition.
Group stage.
Semi-Finals.
Coventry Blaze 1 - 1 Belfast Giants (1st Leg)
Belfast Giants 4 - 1 Coventry Blaze (2nd Leg)
Belfast Win 5 - 2 on Aggregate
Basingstoke Bison 2 - 5 Manchester Phoenix (1st Leg)
Manchester Phoenix 6 - 1 Basingstoke Bison (2nd Leg)
Manchester Win 11 - 3 on Aggregate
Final.
Manchester Phoenix 4 - 3 Belfast Giants
Belfast Giants 3 - 1 Manchester Phoenix
Belfast Giants win 6 - 5 on aggregate
All-star game.
On February 19th, 2009, the SkyDome in Coventry staged the 2009 EIHL All-Star Game. This game was played out between the North All-Stars and the South All-Stars. Dave Matsos of the Sheffield Steelers was chosen to coach the North, while Paul Thompson of the Coventry Blaze was chosen to coach the South. The rosters for each team consisted of players representing all 10 Elite League clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19429994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19429994" title="Burtt">
Burtt

Burtt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19430011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430011" title="Nick Tuzzolino">
Nick Tuzzolino

Nicholas "Nick" Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Elmira Jackals in the ECHL. He is the younger brother of Tony Tuzzolino.
Playing career.
Tuzzolino, a Buffalo-native played four years of Junior hockey in the Buffalo area most notably with the Lincoln Stars. He was drafted 196th overall by the New York Islanders in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft, from the Ontario Hockey League. Nick played with the Sarnia Sting and the Sudbury Wolves before turning professional with the Fort Wayne Komets of the United Hockey League at the end of the 2006–07 season.
In the 2007-08, Nick played his first full pro season with the Flint Generals of the IHL, and was selected to the IHL's All-Rookie Team, before he signed with the Alaska Aces of the East Coast Hockey League for the 2008–09 season. 
After scoring 27 points for the Aces, Tuzzolino was invited to the Providence Bruins training camp for the 2009–10 season on September 21, 2009. After his release he re-signed to a one-year deal with the Aces.
With a successful audition on loan with the Abbotsford Heat to end the 2011–12 season, Tuzzolino was rewared with a one-year contract with the Heat for the following season on July 19, 2012. 
On August 13, 2012, Tuzzolino returned to his first professional team, signing a one-year contract as a free agent with the Fort Wayne Komets, now in the ECHL.
On November 25, 2013, He was traded to the Elmira Jackals in return for Jackals D-man Jordan Southorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19430016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430016" title="Lapwing (disambiguation)">
Lapwing (disambiguation)

A lapwing is a medium-sized wading bird belonging to the family Charadriidae.
Lapwing may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19430049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430049" title="Iron Clad Building">
Iron Clad Building

The Iron Clad Building is a landmarked building in Cooperstown, New York. It was built in 1862 by James Bogardus, the pioneer of cast iron architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19430051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430051" title="USS Ossipee (WPG-50)">
USS Ossipee (WPG-50)

The second USS "Ossipee" (WPG-50) was a United States Coast Guard cutter that served in the Coast Guard from 1915 to 1917, in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919, in the Coast Guard again from 1919 to 1941, and in the Navy again from 1941 to 1945.
"Ossipee", built by Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Corporation, Newport News, Virginia, as a cruising cutter, was launched in 1915. Accepted by the United States Government on 10 July 1915, she commissioned on 28 July 1915. She arrived at Portland, Maine, on 17 August 1915 and commenced coastal patrol and rescue operations in the U.S. Coast Guard in a cruising district from Eastport, Maine, to Cape Ann, Massachusetts.
Transferred to the U.S. Navy by an Executive Order of 6 April 1917 for service in World War I, "Ossipee" was assigned to Squadron Two, Division Six, Atlantic Patrol Forces. She arrived at Gibraltar on 30 August 1917, and assumed convoy escort duty between Gibraltar and the United Kingdom. She also took part in anti-submarine operations in the Mediterranean Sea. The cutter cruised in the war zone from 23 August 1917 until 11 November 1918, during which time she assisted in the escort of 596 merchant ships, only five of which were lost to submarine action.
"Ossipee" returned to the control of the Department of the Treasury for Coast Guard service in accordance with an Executive Order of 28 August 1919. Upon return to the United States, she resumed patrol and rescue operations out of Portland, Maine. She also helped to reinaugurate the cruises of the International Ice Patrol in the winter of 1920–1921. During Prohibition in the United States, the cutter was called upon to serve as an occasional unit of the Coast Guard’s seagoing force that battled the "rum-runners".
"Ossipee" continued coastal patrol, rescue, and navigational aid service operations out of Portland, Maine, through 1935. Transferred to Great Lakes duty in 1936, she was assigned to Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. By the time of her second transfer to the Navy on 1 November 1941, she was carried on the Coast Guard Register as a "miscellaneous cutter." Her World War II operations consisted of Lake Erie patrols out of Cleveland, Ohio.
"Ossipee" decommissioned on 12 June 1945 and was sold on 18 September 1946 to Harold H. Neff of East Cleveland, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="19430054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430054" title="Rs28363170">
Rs28363170

In genetics, rs28363170 (DAT1-VNTR) is a genetic variation at "SLC6A3", the gene that encodes the dopamine transporter. It is polymorphism as a 40 base pairs VNTR in the 3' untranslated region.
It is an deletion/insertion polymorphism (DIP).
The 9-repeat and the 10-repeat are the most common alleles.

</doc>
<doc id="19430057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430057" title="Northwest Career and Technical Academy">
Northwest Career and Technical Academy

Northwest Career and Technical Academy, or NWCTA, is a nine-month magnet school in Las Vegas, Nevada in the Clark County School District (CCSD). The school first opened for the 2007-2008 school year, admitting only freshman and sophomores. Each year, another grade was added to accommodate the influx of students until all four grades were implemented in the 2009-2010 school year. Currently, the school holds a five star rating with the district. 
Mission Statement.
"The mission of the Northwest Career and Technical Academy is to boldly educate today's learners for tomorrow's challenges by developing advanced skills through unique hands-on experiences in a professional setting, utilizing community partnerships, innovative ideas, and contemporary technologies."
Program areas.
NWCTA offers ten program areas: Engineering & Design, Hospitality, Transportation Technology, Culinary Arts, Construction Management, Early Childhood, Teacher Education, Medical Professions, Media Communications, and Biotechnology.
Each program area is dedicated a section of the school, including each having an assigned glass-walled "project room". The programs also have access to unique facilities, such as the TV studio for Media Communications, a garage for Transportation Technology, a workshop for Construction Management, a kitchen for the Culinary Arts, along with a kindergarten for Early Childhood and Teacher Education students.
The new building received the international annual design award of the Council of Educational Facilities Planners International for 2008, the James D. MacConnell Award for outstanding new educational facilities.
Academics and Atmosphere.
NWCTA was named a Magnet School of Distinction by the Magnet Schools of America <http://www.magnet.edu/> in 2010 and 2011. The school's population is over 1900 and has a student/teacher ratio of 28/1.
References.
http://www.magnet.edu/
http://www.nwctahawks.net/

</doc>
<doc id="19430061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430061" title="Dan McLaughlin">
Dan McLaughlin

Dan McLaughlin is a professional sports broadcaster who currently works on both St. Louis Cardinals and St. Louis Blues telecasts on the cable television channel Fox Sports Midwest. He was born March 18, 1974 in St. Louis. He used to be a play-by-play announcer for the NFL on Fox in 2006 with some involving the St. Louis Rams as he called the St. Louis Rams-Minnesota Vikings game with Tony Boselli.
Early life.
Dan McLaughlin grew up in the St. Louis area where his father was a school teacher. Following his graduation from St. John Vianney High School in suburban Kirkwood, Missouri McLaughlin attended Lindenwood University. Setting his sights on sports broadcasting from an early age, McLaughlin performed a variety of broadcasting duties at university-owned KCLC while a student while at Lindenwood.
Broadcast career.
While in college McLaughlin also served an internship at KMOX radio in St. Louis, and became a sports talk show host with the station in 1996. McLaughlin soon found himself as a frequent contributor to St. Louis Blues telecasts on KPLR-TV and FSN Midwest. In 2000 he became the play-by-play broadcaster for FSN's Cardinal games. Additionally McLaughlin does play-by-play Mizzou Tiger and Missouri Valley Conference basketball games, and occasional regional college football games for ESPN.
Legal troubles, suspension.
On August 16, 2010 Dan McLaughlin was arrested on charges of driving while intoxicated. Under a plea agreement McLaughlin was allowed to keep his drivers license and placed on two years probation. On September 30, 2011, McLaughlin was involved in a one-vehicle crash near his Chesterfield, Missouri home. Police investigated and arrested McLaughlin on charges of drunk driving and leaving the scene of an accident. Following the second arrest FSM placed him on indefnite suspension, removing him from all remaining regular-season Cardinals broadcasts, and post-game specials during the teams playoffs and World Series run. In addition to suspension from his job with Fox Sports, McLaughlin lost his employment broadcasting Mizzou and Missouri Valley Conference games, as well as his regular appearances on KMOX radio. 
McLaughlin was reinstated by Fox in February, 2012 after being treated for alcoholism at a rehab facility. He also returned to KMOX, but in a much more limited role. Said McLaughlin to the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" of his newfound sobriety: ""I feel better than I have in a decade, at least."" He has lost over 75 pounds and attends meetings daily to help maintain a sober life.
Personal life.
Dan McLaughlin and wife Libby are the parents of four children: oldest son Luke, born in 2005, oldest daughter Avery, born in 2007, and twins Oliva and Barrett born in 2009. The McLaughlins are involved in several St. Louis area charities including hosting the annual "Dan McLaughlin Golf Tournament" to benefit the Special Education.

</doc>
<doc id="19430097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430097" title="Cappadocian (disambiguation)">
Cappadocian (disambiguation)

Cappadocian refers to someone from Cappadocia, a region in central Turkey.
Cappadocian can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19430110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430110" title="2008 Stanford Super Series">
2008 Stanford Super Series

The 2008 Stanford Super Series was a cricket tournament sponsored by Texan billionaire Allen Stanford. The tournament was played between 25 October – 1 November consisting of 5 warm-up matches and a US$ 20 million for the grand finale. This final match was played between the Stanford Superstars and England. Before it began, the tournament was threatened with cancellation due to a row between Digicel, the West Indies Cricket Board's (WICB) main sponsor, and Stanford. Digicel argued that it should get sponsorship rights because it is WICB's sponsorship rights holder and that the tournament was officially sanctioned by the WICB. 
All 2008 Super Series matches took place at the Stanford Cricket Ground in Antigua, and started at 5:30 pm local time (9:30 pm in the United Kingdom). All games were aired on Sky Sports in the UK.
Qualification.
The Stanford Superstars was a squad selected from the best players in the Stanford 20/20 competition. England competed in the first year of a five-year contract to be involved in the tournament. Trinidad and Tobago qualified as the winners of the Stanford 20/20 whilst Middlesex Crusaders qualified as winners of the Twenty20 Cup in England and Wales.
Summary.
The tournament was seen to have been commenced successfully, though pitch conditions meant that its opening matches were low-scoring. The behaviour of organiser Allen Stanford was also questioned, particularly after he offended a number of England players by acting flirtatiously with their wives during a match, actions for which he later apologised Before the tournament ended, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) announced that they would be reviewing the five-year contract that they had signed with Stanford, bringing into question their participation in future tournaments
However, the Trinidad and Tobago v England game was described as 'thrilling'. Commentators were generally positive about the success of the tournament within its host venue, with Jonathan Agnew claiming that it was organised significantly better than the previous World Cup, also held in the West Indies.
Squads.
2008 Stanford SuperStars.
On 14 August 2008, the All-Stars selection panel, which was led by cricketing legend Sir Viv Richards, and which included fellow West Indies cricketing luminaries as Sir Everton Weekes, Curtly Ambrose, Lance Gibbs, Richie Richardson, Andy Roberts and Courtney Walsh, announced 17 players who would play under the Stanford SuperStars colours in the Super Series.
Support Staff:
(Dwayne Bravo (injury), and Xavier Marshall (failed drug test) were named to the initial team under the initial selection procedures, but withdrew before the Series was played. Darren Sammy and
Travis Dowlin were named to replace them in the squad.)
2008 English squad.
On 9 September 2008, three weeks after the Superstars squad was named, the England Cricket Board announced their 15-man squad for the 2008 Super Series.
Kevin Pietersen, Hampshire, (captain)
James Anderson, Lancashire
Ian Bell, Warwickshire
Ravi Bopara, Essex
Stuart Broad, Nottinghamshire
Paul Collingwood, Durham
Alastair Cook, Essex
Andrew Flintoff, Lancashire
Stephen Harmison, Durham
Samit Patel, Nottinghamshire
Matt Prior, Sussex
Owais Shah, Middlesex
Graeme Swann, Nottinghamshire
Ryan Sidebottom, Nottinghamshire
Luke Wright, Sussex
2008 Trinidad and Tobago Squad.
Rishi Bachan
Samuel Badree 
Darren Bravo 
Kevon Cooper
Daron Cruickshank
Daren Ganga (captain)
Sherwin Ganga
Justin Guillen
Amit Jaggernauth
Richard Kelly
William Perkins
Denesh Ramdin
Ravi Rampaul
Lendl Simmons
Navin Stewart
2008 Middlesex Squad.
Neil Carter
Neil Dexter
Steven Finn
Billy Godleman
Tyron Henderson
Ed Joyce
Murali Kartik
Dawid Malan
Eoin Morgan
Tim Murtagh
David Nash 
Alan Richardson
Ben Scott 
Andrew Strauss
Shaun Udal (captain)
Commercial dispute.
Digicel, who sponsors the West Indies Cricket Board, filed suit to halt the Stanford Super Series. They claimed that due to their deal with the West Indies Cricket Board, that they were due certain advertising and broadcasting rights that weren't being granted to them. The response from the West Indies Board, and from the representatives of the Super Series was that the Stanford Superstars were an unofficial team, and thus the Digicel agreement did not come into play. Digicel won the suit, in front of the High Court in London, England. However, they later reached a deal with Stanford Super Series officials, that allowed the tournament to continue for at least three years.

</doc>
<doc id="19430141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430141" title="Lake Ouareau">
Lake Ouareau

Lac (Lake) Ouareau is a fairly large lake located near the town of Saint-Donat, in Quebec, Canada. It is approximately 100 minutes by car north of downtown Montreal in the Laurentian Highlands and is located on the outskirts of Saint-Donat. Celine Dion currently owns a summer house on Lac Ouareau.
Flora and fauna.
The lake is home to many ideal freshwater sport fish such as largemouth bass, yellow perch, smallmouth bass, and, in some areas, muskellunge. The lake is also home to many microorganisms that have been known to thrive in very clean, or "nutritious" Northern lakes. The temperature of the water is 55 to 78 degrees Fahrenheit in the summer.
Camp.
An all-girls camp is located on the borders of this lake, hence its name, "Camp Ouareau". Camp Ouareau was established in 1922 by two women who after a disagreement decided to part ways. One of the women remained at Ouareau & the other went on to be a founder of an all-girls camp in Ontario, Camp Oconto. 
Allegedly, while Camp Ouareau & Camp Oconto are structurally & fundamentally different they are said to have similar traditions (i.e., opening & closing traditions, which are candle lit ceremonies complete with classical music & poetry).
Originally an English camp, in the 1970s the director at the time decided to start accepting 50% francophone campers. Each individual age group has 50% anglophone & 50% francophone enrolment in order to ensure an exchange of the language & cultures while experiencing the different areas of camp life: activities, dining room, in cabins/tents, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19430161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430161" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T13

The Men's 400m T13 had its first round held on September 9, beginning at 17:15 and the Final on September 10, at 19:05.

</doc>
<doc id="19430162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430162" title="Echinochimaera">
Echinochimaera

Echinochimaera is an extinct genus of fish, it was assigned to the order chimaera by Jack Sepkoski in 2002. The genus' name derives from the Greek "εχινό" ("echino") meaning spiny, and chimaera.
Species.
The two known "Echinochimaera" species lived in the Upper Mississippian (Serpukhovian). Fossils of the species were found in the Bear Gulch Limestone in Montana, United States.
Both species have rounded bodies and paddle-like tails as well as large pectoral fins, two dorsal fins and a jaw fused to the braincase. The paddle-like tails indicate that "E. meltoni" was likely not a predator nor a fast swimmer.
"Echinochimaera meltoni".
"E. meltoni" was first described by Richard Lund, an Adelphi University palaeontologist, in 1977. The fossils found of "E. meltoni" have shown a great deal of sexual dimorphism, males being found to have a maximum 150mm body length while the maximum body length found in females was only 70mm (juveniles were 13-20mm). In general, the females only grew to about half the size of the males. Males also had four pairs of spikes which may have been used to defend against predators and to identify the fish as male.
There was a relative abundance of immature male fossils found, and that together with the significant sexual dimorphism indicate there was extreme sexual selection among the species.
"Echinochimaera snyderi".
"E. snyderi" was described, like "E. meltoni", by Richard Lund. It was described in 1988 based on juvenile specimens, all with a body length under 90mm. "E. snyderi" differs from "E. meltoni" in fin detail as well as jaw shape and teeth near the front edge of the face rather than a tooth plate, in mature specimens later found its mature size was found to be larger than "E. meltoni".

</doc>
<doc id="19430169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430169" title="Pamela Norris">
Pamela Norris

Pamela Norris in an American screenwriter and producer. Among other credits, she co-wrote the screenplay for the 1989 film "Troop Beverly Hills" and was executive producer of the sitcom "Designing Women". She was also executive producer of the 2000-01 series "The Huntress" on USA Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19430172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430172" title="Gilberto Angelucci">
Gilberto Angelucci

Gilberto Angelucci Guión (born August 7, 1967 in Turén) is a retired Venezuelan football goalkeeper who played 47 times for the Venezuela national team between 1995 and 2005.
Angelucci spent most of his career playing in Venezuela for a number of different teams. Between 1994 and 1998 he played in Argentina with San Lorenzo de Almagro. Afterwards he returned to Venezuelan football, he was part of the Maracaibo team that won the Primera División in 2004-05.
Angelucci was included in two squads for Copa América in 1995 and 2004
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19430175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430175" title="Wyoming Valley West Senior High School">
Wyoming Valley West Senior High School

Wyoming Valley West Senior High School (also known as Wyoming Valley West, or just Valley West) is a public high school in Plymouth, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania USA. The school is the only public high school in the Wyoming Valley West School District (AUP 118409302).
Students and faculty.
With 1482 students and 84 FTE teachers, the student-to-teacher ratio at WVWHS is 17.6:1, as compared to the state average of 16:1. 
The racial makeup of the student body is 93% Caucasian, 4% black, 1% Asian, and 2% Hispanic.
Academic performance.
In 2010 the school met adequate yearly progress as set by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. The target of 63% of students to score proficient or higher in reading was set and was surpassed by 65.9% of students scoring at least proficient. In math, the target was set of 56% of students to score proficient or higher, and this mark was also surpassed by 57% of students scoring proficient of higher. 
Notable Alumni.
Kait Kerrigan - playwright, lyricist, book writer<br>
Eugene Lewis - football player, Penn State
Jimy Hettes - Professional MMA Fighter - UFC - Ultimate Fighting Championship
Mahmoud Ellbattah (also known as So So NEPA) - Singer, songwriter, rapper, music manager for country singer Matthew
Sports.
The school's mascot is a warrior from the ancient Greek province of Sparta.
Wyoming Valley West is in PIAA District 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19430217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430217" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T36">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T36

The Men's 400m T36 had its Final held on September 10 at 19:40.

</doc>
<doc id="19430224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430224" title="Heather Frederiksen">
Heather Frederiksen

Heather Frederiksen MBE (born 30 December 1985 in Leigh, England) is a British paralympic swimmer. She is the current, and two time, Paralympic champion in the 100m backstroke S8 classification, and has won eight Paralympic medals in all.
Injury.
At the end of 2004 Frederiksen suffered a serious accident that left her with limited use of her right arm and leg, and the need to use a wheelchair. Her doctors told her she would never swim again, and when she tried she found herself swimming in circles.
It was in 2006, whilst watching television coverage of the swimming events at the Commonwealth Games, in Melbourne, that Frederiksen decided she wanted to swim again. After her Paralympic success she said of the experience, "I saw Joanne Jackson win the gold in the 400 m and I just said to myself, 'I'm not ready to finish. I'll finish when I want to finish, not when someone else tells me to'"—she had previously competed against Jackson.
Career.
In 2004, prior to her accident, Frederiksen won both the British 10 km Open Water Championship and 4.5 km British Grand Prix on the same day.
Frederiksen now competes in the S8 (backstroke and freestyle), SB7 (breaststroke) and SM8 (medley) classifications. Her first senior swim meet came at the 2007 German Open, in Berlin. 
In her first appearance at the British Championships in 2008 Frederiksen won two gold and two silver medals from her six events and set a number of national records. At the 2008 Summer Paralympics, in Beijing, she competed in five events and won four medals. Her first medal, a silver in the women's 100 m freestyle - S8 final on 8 September, was followed two days later by gold in the women's 100 m backstroke - S8 in a new IPC world record time of one minute 16.74 seconds. A bronze medal was won by Frederiksen in the 200 m individual medley and her final medal of the games came with a silver in the 400 m freestyle. In her final event, the 50 m freestyle, she reached the final but finished in 7th position. In all three races where Frederikson won silver or bronze medals it was American Jessica Long who won the gold medal.
In addition to her 100 m backstroke world record Frederiksen is the current holder of the 50m freestyle world record, the 100 m freestyle world record, the 200 m freestyle world record and the 400 m freestyle world record, European records in the 50 m, 100 m, 200 m, 400 m freestyle, 100 m butterfly, 100 m backstroke S8 classifications, and holds the British record in a total of six different events.
The 2012 Summer Paralympics saw Frederiksen claim another gold medal in the 100 m backstroke S8, along with silver medals in both the 400 m freestyle S8 and 100 m freestyle S8.
In October 2012 Heather Frederiksen (and silver medallist Louise Watkin) left the City of Salford, according to BBC Sport, as a result of a breakdown in the relationship with coach John Stout.
She was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to swimming.
Outside the pool, Frederiksen is a qualified driving instructor.

</doc>
<doc id="19430260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430260" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T38">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T38

The Men's 400m T38 had its Final held on September 10 at 18:20.

</doc>
<doc id="19430358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430358" title="Stuart Dryburgh">
Stuart Dryburgh

Stuart Dryburgh (born 30 March 1952 in London) is an English-born New Zealand cinematographer, now working in Hollywood. He completed a degree in architecture at the University of Auckland, but subsequently moved into the film industry. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for his work on the 1993 romance film, "The Piano", but lost to Janusz Kaminski for "Schindler's List (film)".
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19430363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430363" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T44">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T44

The Men's 400m T44 had its Final held on September 16 at 20:57.

</doc>
<doc id="19430367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430367" title="Typhoon Hagupit (2008)">
Typhoon Hagupit (2008)

Typhoon Hagupit (international designation: 0814, JTWC designation: 18W, PAGASA name: Nina) is recognised as the 14th Tropical Storm, the 12th Severe Tropical Storm and the 10th Typhoon of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season by the Japan Meteorological Agency who are the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre for the North Western Pacific. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center have also recognised Hagupit as the 11th typhoon, 16th tropical storm, and the 18th tropical depression of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season.
The name Hagupit was one of the ten original names submitted to the WMOs Typhoon Committee for use from January 1, 2000 by the Philippines. It was last used in the 2002 Pacific typhoon season to name a tropical storm and is Filipino for a lash.
At least 67 people were killed by Hagupit. Damage was estimated at around $1 billion (2008 USD).
Meteorological history.
On September 14 a tropical disturbance formed to the northeast of Guam, and over the next few days it slowly developed as it moved westwards towards the Philippines. The Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) was the first to designate the disturbance as a tropical depression on September 17, with a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert being issued later that day by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC). Late the next day the JTWC designated the depression as 18W. Early on September 19 the JMA began to issue full advisories on the depression, as it moved into PAGASA’s area of responsibility and was named Nina. Later that day both the JMA & the JTWC upgraded the depression to a tropical storm. with the JMA assigning the international name of Hagupit and the international number of 0814.
On September 20 the JMA reported that Hagupit had intensified into a severe tropical storm while PAGASA reported that Hagupit had intensified into a typhoon. However both the JMA and the JTWC did not upgrade Hagupit to a Typhoon until early the next afternoon. On September 22 the JTWC reported that Hagupit had intensified into a Category 2 typhoon, with wind speeds of 85 knots. Hagupit then continued to intensify, with the JTWC upgrading Hagupit, into a Category 3 typhoon with winds of 105 knots. Early the next day PAGASA issued its final advisory on Typhoon Nina (Hagupit) as it was moving out of PAGASA's area of responsibility. Later that day the JTWC upgraded Hagupit to a Category 4 typhoon as Hagupit was approaching southern China. Hagupit struck Kwangtung Province with this intensity, becoming the first known typhoon to hit Kwangtung province as a category 4. It moved inland afterwards, and dissipated 2 days later.
Preparations.
Philippines.
On September 20 PAGASA started to issue Typhoon Warnings by raising Public Storm Signal No.1 for the Catanduanes in Luzon Later that day PAGASA hoisted Signal No.2 for the Catanduanes and hoisted added Signal No.1 over other provinces of the Philippines. On September 21 as Hagupit moved towards the north-east PAGASA revised their warnings by lowering the signals for Samar. Later that day PAGASA placed further provinces under storm signal No.2 and hoisted Storm Signal No.3 over various provinces in Luzon including the Calayan Group of Islands, Cagayan & Babuyan. However late the next day the Signal No.3's were downgraded to Signal No.2 as Hagupit moved further away from the Philippines. PAGASA then removed Signal No 2 within their next advisory, PAGASA then issued their final advisory as Hagupit moved out of PAGASAs Area of Responsibility.
Taiwan.
On September 21 Taiwan's Central Weather Bureau issued a Sea warning for Ships sailing in the seas to the south and southeast of Taiwan. Early the next day the CWB issued Land Warnings for southern Taiwan as Hagupit moved past Taiwan. Also, the President has been forced to order that a navy marine landing drill was cancelled as a result of this storm.
China.
On September 22, Chinese officials in Fujian Province requested the return of all fishing vessels in the Taiwan Strait. In Shenzhen airport, 33 domestic flights were cancelled due to the approach of Hagupit. Officials in Yangjiang City evacuated 17,324 people from dangerous areas and checked over all the dams and reservoirs. More than 100,000 people were evacuated to safer locations from coastal regions in southern China by September 23.
Hong Kong.
On 22 September 2008, the Hong Kong Observatory (HKO) issued the Standby Signal 1 for Hong Kong. The HKO kept this signal in force for 18 hours before issuing the Strong Wind Signal No.3 the next day. Later on 23 September 2008, as Hagupit moved closer to Southern China, the HKO announced at 1600 (HKT) that the Gale or Storm Signal 8 will be issued by 1800 (HKT). The HKO then issued the Gale or Storm Signal 8 Northeast at 1800 (HKT). It was replaced by the Gale or Storm Signal 8 Southeast soon after midnight that evening due to change in wind direction. Six hours later at 0630 (HKT), the HKO lowered the warning to the Strong Wind Signal 3. Because of the heavy rain brought by Hagupit, the HKO issued the Amber rainstorm warning at 1100 (HKT). All Hong Kong tropical cyclone warning signals was cancelled at around 1300 (HKT) Later that day, the HKO removed the Amber rainstorm warning at 1620 (HKT).
Effects.
Philippines.
The typhoon has so far killed eight people in the Philippines, and left 13 miners trapped in a flooded mining tunnel. 4 of the deaths were caused by drowning, 3 by landslides, and the last by electrocution. 5,000 people were also displaced because of the storm. During the storm, ferries and fishing craft in Luzon were recalled to port. 15 still remain missing from the storm, and 19 were injured. All in all, about 10,000 in 47 villages were affected by the storm. The estimated total cost of damages caused by Hagupit in the Philippines is currently put at 29.5 Million Php.
Hong Kong.
In Hong Kong, 61 flights at Hong Kong International Airport were cancelled, 87 were delayed, and more were delayed because of the typhoon. Schools and courts in the territory were also closed. Tai O experienced heavy flooding, while the foundations of several houses in Cheung Chau were severely damaged. Sewers overflowed with seawater in various parts of the territory. 58 were injured during the storm. Damage to buildings and other structures was particularly heavy as the storm's arrival coincided with high tide.
Taiwan/ROC.
In Taiwan, at least 1 person was killed and many thousands of people stranded as a result of the depredations of Typhoon Hagupit. Furthermore, several buildings, including a prominent hotel were damaged by the storm.
People's Republic of China.
Typhoon Hagupit made landfall near Maoming in Guangdong Province of the People's Republic of China at 6:45 a.m. local time on September 24. 10 were killed, and 2 remain missing after the storm, mostly in Guangdong province. 14,333 houses were destroyed and caused ¥5.772 billion (US$824 million) in damages. More than 28 thousand people were evacuated because of the storm, 17,324 people from Yangjiang, and about 11,000 from Xuwen County. Trees and billboards near Maoming sustained damage, and 51,000 ships carrying 200,000 crew were recalled back to port. Schools were also closed in Zhanjiang.
Vietnam.
Vietnam began stockpiling food and medicine in preparation for the typhoon. 550 tourist and fishing boats were recalled back to port in Hạ Long Bay, and rescue equipment was positioned in nine northern provinces. The government said that "...there will be very heavy torrential rains, significantly raising the risk of flash floods and land slides in the nine mountainous provinces in the eye of the storm."
As of September 29, 2008, the flooding left behind by the typhoon left 41 people dead, and at least 60 injured. Damages exceeded ₫1 trillion (US$72.49 million). 1,300 houses were completely destroyed with about 10,000 more damaged. Though the storm did not directly hit Vietnam, heavy rains caused heavy flooding, especially in the provinces of Sơn La, Lạng Sơn, Bắc Giang and Quảng Ninh. Hoang Thi Luu, a farmer from Tuan Dao, said, "The waters came really quick, coming down the mountains and from the rising rivers and streams. ... No one had enough time to save their property; they just ran for their lives."

</doc>
<doc id="19430403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430403" title="Levasseur PL.14">
Levasseur PL.14

__NOTOC__
The Levasseur PL.14 was a torpedo bomber seaplane developed in France in the late 1920s. It was essentially similar to Levasseur's PL.7 carrier-based reconnaissance aircraft with the addition of pontoons. The design dispensed with the small underwing floats that formed part of the safety equipment of Levasseur's carrier-based aircraft of the period, but retained the boat-like fuselage. The wing was built to the 18.00-metre design originally developed for the PL.7 but ultimately rejected in favour of a shorter wing.
Thirty PL.14s were purchased to equip the seaplane base at Berre. When the PL.7s were grounded in 1931, PL.14s were equipped with wheeled undercarriage and put aboard the carrier "Béarn" in their place. Even after the PL.7s' return to service, four wheeled PL.14s remained aboard from 1935-37.

</doc>
<doc id="19430418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430418" title="Betty Grimes">
Betty Grimes

Helen Elizabeth "Betty" Grimes (later "Lindley", October 25, 1899 – March 1976) was an American diver, who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota and died in Washington, D.C..
In 1920 she finished sixth in the 10 metre platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="19430435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430435" title="IC 4462">
IC 4462

IC 4462 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19430443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430443" title="Jackson Browne discography">
Jackson Browne discography

This article lists the discography of American rock singer-songwriter and musician Jackson Browne.

</doc>
<doc id="19430536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430536" title="Aileen Allen">
Aileen Allen

Mary Aileen Allen (December 22, 1888 – September 4, 1950) was an American diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
She was born on Prince Edward Island, Canada.
In 1920 she finished fourth in the 3 metre springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="19430615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430615" title="John Frederick Loverseed">
John Frederick Loverseed

John Frederick Loverseed (22 December 1881 – 14 August 1928) was a British Liberal politician.
Family and Education.
Loverseed was the son of a Nottinghamshire builder and contractor. He was educated at Southwell Grammar School and Gosberton Hall. In 1910 he married Katherine Thurman of Grantham, Lincolnshire. They had one son. In religion he was a Methodist and in 1924 he was a Member of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference.
Career.
From 1899-1905 Loverseed was engaged in farming. In 1914 he entered the services becoming a Captain and Adjutant in the 5th Battalion, Suffolk Officer Training Corps and in 1916 was military representative for tribunals in West Suffolk.
Politics.
From 1908-1913 he was Agent to Sir Richard Winfrey, Coalition Liberal MP for South West Norfolk from 1906–23 and later for 
Gainsborough 1923–24. In 1922 he was Agent to Major S G Howard, the Coalition Liberal MP for Sudbury from 1918-1922. Loverseed was also was active in local politics in Suffolk, being a County Councillor and a Town Councillor in Sudbury from 1919 and serving as Mayor of Sudbury for two terms from 1921-1923. At the 1923 general election Loverseed was elected Liberal MP for Sudbury, beating the sitting Unionist Colonel Herbert Mercer. Mercer had beaten Loverseed’s old chief Stephen Howard at the 1922 general election with a majority of 1,888 votes but Loverseed turned this into a Liberal majority of 665. However Loverseed only held the seat for a year, losing to Conservative Henry Walter Burton at the 1924 general election.
Other public service.
Loverseed took a great interest in local education in his region. He was Chairman of Governors of Sudbury Grammar School, a Governor of East Anglian School, Bury St Edmunds and of King Edward VI’s School, Bury St Edmunds as well as being a Governor of the Girls’ Secondary School, Sudbury. He served on West Suffolk Education Committee and Standing Joint Committee. He was created a Justice of the Peace in Suffolk in 1924.
Son also an MP.
His son John Eric Loverseed was an RAF Warrant Officer in the Second World War and was elected Common Wealth MP for Eddisbury in Cheshire, from 1943-45. He joined the Labour Party in 1944 and fought Eddisbury again at the 1945 general election this time losing to a National Liberal. In May 1955 he stood against Herbert Morrison unsuccessfully for South Lewisham as an Independent Pacifist.

</doc>
<doc id="19430636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430636" title="Rib-X Pharmaceuticals">
Rib-X Pharmaceuticals

Rib-X Pharmaceuticals, founded in 2000, is an American privately held biopharmaceutical firm that focuses on the design and development of novel broad-spectrum antibiotics for the treatment of antibiotic-resistant infections in hospital and community settings. The company is located in New Haven, Connecticut. Rib-X seeks to exploit expertise in the structural biology (particularly ribosomal structure) and molecular modeling to design new antibiotics. With this technology they hope to design drug candidates with increased target affinity that overcome bacterial resistance, broadened antibacterial spectrum, and increased efficacy and safety.
Developmental candidates.
Pipeline in the clinical phase.
Rib-X's pipeline includes the following compounds in the clinical phase:
RX-04 Program.
The company has several compounds in a pre-clinical program designated RX-04: Three new classes of compounds have been identified that target a novel site on the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. These compounds were designed using the Rib-X proprietary approach to rational drug design based on structural analysis of the bacterial ribosome. Compounds have been identified with antibacterial activity against a number of the most difficult to treat, clinically important multi-drug resistant pathogens, including Methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus" (MRSA), "Acinetobacter baumannii", "Escherichia coli", "Klebsiella pneumoniae" and "Pseudomonas aeruginosa". In mid-2011 Sanofi entered into a global research collaboration and licensing option with Rib-X Pharmaceuticals to develop and commercialize the novel classes of antibiotics resulting from RX-04.
Rib-X also has three programs in the discovery phase designated RX-02, RX-05, and RX-06. RX-06 is a program to develop anti-fungals.

</doc>
<doc id="19430657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430657" title="Emmanuel Drake del Castillo">
Emmanuel Drake del Castillo

Emmanuel Drake del Castillo (1855 – 1904) was a French botanist.
He was born at Paris and studied with Louis Édouard Bureau (1830–1918) at the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle (National Museum of Natural History). Between 1886 and 1892, he published "Illustrationes Florae Insulae Maris Pacifici" ("Illustrations of the flora of the islands of the Pacific Ocean") a summarization of his work on the flora of French Polynesia. He also studied the flora of Madagascar.
In addition, he put together a herbarium which contained more than 500,000 samples. He died in 1904 at Saint-Cyran-du-Jambot, bequeathing his herbarium to the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle.
Taxa.
He was the taxonomic authority of numerous plants. The following is a list of botanical genera that he described:

</doc>
<doc id="19430754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430754" title="Williams v. Pryor">
Williams v. Pryor

Williams v. Pryor was a federal lawsuit that unsuccessfully challenged an Alabama law criminalizing the sale of sex toys in the state. In 1998, a statute enacted by the legislature of the State of Alabama amended the obscenity provisions of the Alabama Code to make the distribution of certain defined sexual devices a criminal offense. Vendors and users of such devices filed a constitutional challenge to the statute in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama against William H. Pryor, Jr., in his official capacity as the Attorney General of the State of Alabama. (No. 99-10798, D. C. Docket No. 98-01938-CV-S-NE) The district court declined to hold the statute violated any constitutional right but determined the statute was unconstitutional because it lacked a rational basis. The State appealed to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, which reversed the lower court ruling on October 12, 2000.
Background.
After the 1998 amendment, the Alabama Code obscenity provisions provide the following:
"It shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly distribute, possess with intent to distribute, or offer or agree to distribute any obscene material or any device designed or marketed as useful primarily for the stimulation of human genital organs for any thing of pecuniary value."
A first violation is a misdemeanor punishable by a maximum fine of $10,000 and up to one year of jail or hard labor; a subsequent violation is a class C felony. The State conceded the statute's proscription of the distribution of sexual devices in Alabama does not apply to devices acquired as gifts or by purchases in another state. The statute also does not restrict possession or use of a sexual device by an individual, but only the commercial distribution of the devices. 
After considering Supreme Court precedent, the District Court determined the statute does not implicate previously recognized fundamental constitutional rights. The court also declined to extend those rights to provide a fundamental right to the use of sexual devices The district court next reviewed the statute under rational basis scrutiny and concluded the statute lacked a rational basis. The court accordingly held the statute unconstitutional and issued a permanent injunction against its enforcement.
Eleventh Circuit ruling.
The Circuit Court explained that whether a statute is constitutional is determined in large part by the level of scrutiny applied by the courts. Statutes that infringe fundamental rights, or that make distinctions based upon suspect classifications such as race or national origin, are subject to strict scrutiny, which requires that the statute be narrowly tailored to achieve a compelling government interest. Most statutes reviewed under the very stringent strict scrutiny standard are found to be unconstitutional. On the other hand, "if a law neither burdens a fundamental right nor targets a suspect class, we will uphold the so long as it bears a rational relation to some legitimate end." "Romer v. Evans," 517 U.S. 620, 632. According to the Court, almost every statute subject to the very deferential rational basis scrutiny standard is found to be constitutional.
The Circuit Court concluded that the district court erred in determining the Alabama statute lacks a rational basis. It found that the State's interest in public morality is a legitimate interest rationally served by the statute, and that the crafting and safeguarding of public morality has long been an established part of the States' plenary police power to legislate and indisputably is a legitimate government interest under rational basis scrutiny.
The Court rejected plaintiffs argument that the statute is constitutionally irrational because it is contrary to a wide spectrum of public and professional opinions which recognize numerous legitimate and beneficial uses of sexual devices, especially the necessity of sexual devices for some persons to achieve medical or emotional health. The Court said that however misguided the legislature of Alabama may have been in enacting the statute challenged in this case, the statute is not constitutionally irrational under rational basis scrutiny because it is rationally related to the State's legitimate power to protect its view of public morality. "The Constitution presumes that . . . improvident decisions will eventually be rectified by the democratic process and that judicial intervention is generally unwarranted no matter how unwisely we may think a political branch has acted." "Vance v. Bradley," 440 U.S. 93, 97, 99 S. 
The Court remanded the as-applied challenges for consideration by the district court because the record and stipulations were too narrow to permit the Court to decide whether or to what extent the Alabama statute infringes a fundamental right to sexual privacy of the specific plaintiffs in this case.
Subsequent challenges.
In December 2003 the Supreme court ruled in "Lawrence v. Texas" which overturned the previous decision of "Bowers v. Hardwick" In light of this the ACLU again challenged the decision before the 11th circuit in February 2007. The 11th circuit ruled that even though "Bowers v. Hardwick" had been overruled that in doing so the Supreme Court had
"“declined the invitation” to recognize a fundamental right to sexual privacy, which would have compelled us to employ strict scrutiny in assessing the constitutionality of the challenged statute. Thus, because there is no fundamental right at issue, we apply rational basis scrutiny to the challenged statute"
"Accordingly, we find that public morality survives as a rational basis for legislation even after Lawrence, and we find that in this case the State’s interest in the preservation of public morality remains a rational basis for the challenged statute. By upholding the statute, we do not endorse the judgment of the Alabama legislature."
In "Reliable Consultants Inc. v. Earle," on February 12, 2008, the 5th Circuit overturned the Texas ban on the sale of sex toys using the similar facts that failed in the above appeal. It held: "Just as in Lawrence, the State here wants to use its laws to enforce a public moral code by restricting private intimate conduct. The case is not about public sex. It is not about controlling commerce in sex. It is about controlling what people do in the privacy of their own homes because the State is morally opposed to a certain type of consensual private intimate conduct. This is an insufficient justification for the statute after Lawrence."
In "This That and the Other Gift & Tobacco, Inc. v. Cobb County, Ga.," (439 F. 3d 1275), 2006, the 11th Circuit struck down on First Amendment grounds a Georgia law that banned advertising obscene material, including sex toys.

</doc>
<doc id="19430758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430758" title="1983 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1983 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1983 Individual Speedway World Championship was the first time the World Final had been held in West Germany.
A capacity crowd of around 50,000 saw local favourite Egon Müller became the first German rider to win the World Championship. As of 2013 he is the only German to have obtained the honour. Australian Billy Sanders scored his best ever World Championship placing by finishing second, with 1980 World Champion Michael Lee finishing third.
His his last World Final appearance, triple champion Ole Olsen finished 6th with 10 points.
World final.
"Karl Maier replaced the injured Petr Ondrašík. Henny Kroeze replaced Maier as a reserve"

</doc>
<doc id="19430763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430763" title="Mountain Conservation Trust of Georgia">
Mountain Conservation Trust of Georgia

The Mountain Conservation Trust of Georgia (MCTGA) is a 501(c)3 nonprofit land trust that promotes land protection, collaborative partnerships and education in order to conserve natural resources, especially the mountains and foothills of North Georgia, founded in 1991.
It has since been accredited by the Land Trust Alliance's Accreditation Commission in 2008. Its headquarters are in Jasper, Georgia, and it has a permanent protection of approximately .

</doc>
<doc id="19430779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430779" title="List of programs broadcast by Lifetime">
List of programs broadcast by Lifetime

This is a list of programs broadcast by Lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="19430788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430788" title="The Spanish Dancer">
The Spanish Dancer

The Spanish Dancer (1923) is a silent costume epic starring Pola Negri as a gypsy fortune teller, Antonio Moreno as a romantic count, and Wallace Beery as the king of Spain. The movie was directed by Herbert Brenon and also features a five-year-old Anne Shirley, appearing under the name "Dawn O'Day." This film survives today.
Restored by the EYE Film Institute in the Netherlands, the movie was shown at the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C. on August 5, 2012, accompanied by the 1916 Lois Weber film "Shoes".
The film is essentially the same story as Mary Pickford's "Rosita" which was filmed around the same time as "The Spanish Dancer" with Negri's old colleague from Germany Ernst Lubitsch directing. Negri's "The Spanish Dancer" was considered the better film.

</doc>
<doc id="19430825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430825" title="Henri Chammartin">
Henri Chammartin

Henri Chammartin (July 30, 1918 – May 30, 2011) was a Swiss equestrian and Olympic champion. He won an individual gold medal in "dressage" at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
In 1968, he and fellow equestrian Gustav Fischer both became the second Swiss sportspersons to compete at five Olympic Games. (The first was middle-distance runner Paul Martin.) At the Summer Olympics of 1968 made in Mexico City, his last Olympics, won his fifth medal: a bronze medal in team competition, finishing ninth in addition to the individual test.
Following Chammartin's death, the International Equestrian Federation said in a statement that he will be remembered as "a legend in the dressage world" (as reported by Olympic news outlet Around the Rings.

</doc>
<doc id="19430860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430860" title="Discovery Island">
Discovery Island

Discovery Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19430871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430871" title="UGC 9425">
UGC 9425

UGC 9425 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19430905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430905" title="Northwich Victoria F.C.">
Northwich Victoria F.C.

Northwich Victoria Football Club is an English football club based in Northwich, Cheshire, playing its home games at Valley Road, Flixton. The club currently participates in the Northern Premier League Division One North, the eighth tier of the English football league system, having been demoted from the Premier Division at the end of the 2011–12 season—despite finishing second—for a breach of league rules regarding financial matters.
The original club was founded in 1874, being named in honour of the then-reigning monarch, Queen Victoria. It is one of the 100 oldest football clubs in the world, and one of the oldest 50 in England, still in existence. During its long history, the club was a founder member of several leagues including the Football League Second Division, in which it competed for only two seasons, 1892-94.
They played at the same Drill Field ground for over 125 years, which at the time was believed to be the oldest ground in the world on which football had been continuously played, however after a ground sharing period with their local rivals, Witton Albion, they started the 2005–06 season in their new stadium, the Victoria Stadium in Wincham, just outside Northwich and across the Trent & Mersey Canal, which separated them from their rivals. The club are no longer based in, nor play home matches in, the town or county they used to represent.
History.
Early history.
The generally accepted year for Northwich Victoria's foundation is 1874 by Messrs Charles James Hughes and James Heyworth. However according to club historian Ken Edwards' book 'A Team for All Seasons', the Northwich Victoria Association Football Club organisation could have been in existence from at least 1870. Northwich played their first challenge matches in the 1874 seasons and originally accepted both association football and rugby rules, shown in 1876 when they contested an away match under Rugby rules at Farnworth and Appleton F.C. (now known as Widnes Vikings) and then at home under association rules, winning both games. The first time the club entered an organised competition was in 1877, when they entered the Welsh Cup, which at the time was open to Welsh teams as well as English teams situated close to the border. Their best achievement in the competition was in the 1881–82 and 1888–89 seasons, when they reached the final, losing to Druids and Bangor respectively. When they reached the final in 1882, they were the first English club to do so. In 1880, they entered the inaugural competition for the new Cheshire Football Association Challenge Cup (Cheshire Senior Cup). The club became the first winners of the cup with a victory over Hartford St. John's, and went on to win the cup for the next five seasons, defeating in the finals Birkenhead (1881), Northwich Novelty (1882), Crewe Alexandra (1883 and 1884), and Davenham (1885).
In 1890, the club became a founding member of the second incarnation of The Combination, Northwich's first league. In their second season in the league they finished runners-up.
Professionalism and the Football League.
A great leap forward was taken in 1892, when Northwich became one of the founding members of the English Second Division, which saw the team turn professional. In the league's inaugural season, Northwich finished 7th, the highest finish in the club's history. It was during this season that the penalty kick was introduced into the Football League; the first ever in League football being scored by Tommy Scanlan of Northwich Victoria against Grimsby. It was also during the latter stages of this season that Northwich acquired the services of Billy Meredith, the Welsh International who is widely regarded as the first football superstar. At Northwich, he teamed up with Pat Finnerhan, a regular for the Northwich team for the past few seasons, and a player whom Meredith would spend more time with when both joined Manchester City in 1894. It was said by many that "Finnerhan made Meredith". Northwich would remain as a professional outfit for one further season, 1893–94, during which they defeated Newcastle United 5–3 at the Drill Field, a game where Meredith scored his first hat-trick for the club. Another notable result was holding Woolwich Arsenal (now known as Arsenal F.C.) to a 2–2 draw at the Drill Field. However, as a result of their final position at the bottom of the league, the club's board decided not to apply for re-election to the Football League at the end of the season. The financial burden of professional football had taken its toll on the club, who decided to return to strictly amateur, regional football in their first and previous league, The Combination, where they had a mixture of mid-table and top-half finishes up to the 1898 season, when they left the league.
In 1898, Northwich became members of the newly formed Cheshire League, where they remained for two seasons, finishing 8th in their first season, and runners-up in their next season in the First Division.
Up to the middle of this decade, Northwich played in red and black horizontal stripes. However a major change in the club's appearance occurred when they adopted the colours that they still wear today; green and white.
Lured by the chance of increased revenues, the club joined the Manchester League in the 1900–01 season, when they finished runners-up. Silverware came only two seasons later in the 1902–03 season when they won the league, finishing 9 points clear of their nearest challengers Newton Heath Athletic.
They departed the Manchester League in the 1912–13 season, becoming members of the second division of the Lancashire Combination (not to be confused with The Combination). Their first season saw them promoted to the First Division after finishing 4th.
In 1919, the club became founding members of the Cheshire County League, which was more appropriate for the club's location in the county of Cheshire. Making hard work of achieving success, Northwich won the league only once in the 1956–57 season. They continued to play in the league until the 1967–68 season.
Post-war.
In 1968, Northwich were one of several members from the Cheshire County League to leave and become founder members of the newly created Northern Premier League. Generally finishing around mid-table or in the top half, it was the 1976–77 season when Northwich came closest to winning the league, narrowly missing out on the title on goal difference to Boston United on the final day of the season following a 1–1 draw with Scarborough. In the same season Northwich had their best run in the FA Cup in modern times, reaching the Fourth Round (see FA Cup History).
In 1979, Northwich were founder members of yet another league, when the Alliance Premier League (later the Football Conference) was formed. In 1980–81, Northwich finished 4th, their highest position in the league. They were the last ever-present team when they were relegated in the 2004–05 season.
The club reached the final of the FA Trophy in the 1982–83 season, but were beaten 2–1 by Telford United. However the club achieved silverware in the 1983–84 season when they defeated Bangor City 2–1 in the same competition, the FA Trophy in a replay of the final at the appropriately named Victoria Ground in Stoke-on-Trent. The first game, played at Wembley Stadium, was drawn 1–1.
In the 1995–96 season, they reached the final of the FA Trophy once again, returning to Wembley for the first time since their draw and eventual victory in the competition a decade earlier. They were defeated 3–1 by Macclesfield Town.
2000s and the end of the Drill Field.
The new century saw Northwich face great financial difficulties and relegation, with the club nearly folding following administration in both the 2004–05 and 2009–10 seasons.
In the 2003–04 season, Northwich were slated for relegation to the Conference North division as part of the National League System restructuring, however circumstances including the bankruptcy of Telford United, Watnall Road, the ground of Hucknall Town's not being good enough and the demotion of Margate led to Northwich Victoria being allowed to remain at the Conference National level.
In September of the 2004–05 season, the team went into administration, and thus were deducted 10 points under National League rules, which left them in relegation trouble. However, the team recovered and finished in 19th place, nine points clear of the relegation zone (had they not had a points deduction, they would have finished 14th). Unfortunately for Northwich, this turned out to be for nothing, as they were voluntarily demoted from the Conference National due to legal problems (after going into administration FA deadlines over the transfer of their Conference membership to the club's new owners were not met; the alternative would have been outright expulsion from the Conference, which would have forced them into starting again in one of the lower regional divisions).
The 2005–06 season appeared to be a turn in the right direction for Northwich as they reached the Third Round of the FA Cup, and in the penultimate game of the season, beat their nearest rivals, Stafford Rangers, in front of more than 3,000 supporters to guarantee an immediate return to the Conference National and see them as champions of the Conference North.
In October 2007 it was reported that the club was up for sale, and the club's existence was again threatened due to an unpaid tax bill. The club had applied to go into administration to stave off closure. In December 2007, a consortium led by Jim Rushe completed a takeover, with Rushe becoming the Club's chairman. The stadium is still owned by Connett's real estate company Beaconet Ltd. In January 2009 with Beaconet in receivership, Connett removed safety equipment from the stadium, causing the club to move temporarily to Altrincham's Moss Lane ground.
On 19 May 2009 the club went into administration for the second time in five years following their relegation from the Conference National; they owed around £500,000 in unpaid bills to creditors. They were threatened with a double relegation to the Northern Premier League as a result of this, but ultimately won an appeal to be placed into the Conference North for the 2009–10 season.
The 2009–10 season saw Northwich achieve a mid-table finish, but due to the ongoing financial problems, the club were expelled from the league and placed in the Northern Premier League Premier Division. For months following their FA Cup campaign in 2009, the club was still owed at least £180,000 of its FA Cup and TV broadcasting money by the FA, which would have allowed the club to settle their remaining debts. The club received the money in December 2010, a welcome relief for the club due to the adverse weather conditions which had affected football fixtures during the Winter.
During the season, Northwich won the Cheshire Senior Cup for the first time in 15 years, beating Woodley Sports on penalties. This was their first piece of silverware since they won the Conference North in 2006. They remained unbeaten in the competition under the management of Andy Preece until the end of 2011 following their defeat to Stalybridge Celtic. The team won the cup twice under Preece's management.
Following the end of the 2009–10 season, most of the squad were placed on the transfer market in an effort to cut wage bills. By the start of the new season, only 3 players from the previous season remained in the squad. The reserve feeder team, Woodley F.C, became Northwich Villa, who play in Division One of the Cheshire Football League. Many of the squad for that season came through the new structure into the first teams squad.
2010s and ground crisis.
In February 2010, the club played Romanian Europa League side FC Unirea Urziceni in a friendly warm-up game, which Northwich lost 1–0.
On 16 January 2012, it was announced that the management team of Andy Preece, Andy Morrison, and Darren Ryan would leave the club to join Airbus UK Broughton in the Welsh Premier League. The following day, it was announced that the club were to be evicted from the Victoria Stadium as an unknown buyer had purchased the land. This was despite multiple assurances from Rushe that the sale of the ground was almost complete. On 18 January, the buyer was confirmed as THOR Chemicals, located next door to the Victoria Stadium. The ground issue cast doubt on the club's continuing existence, and a possible backlash from fans against the way that their club was being run.
On 1 February 2012, ex-Manchester City player and Preston North End manager Paul Simpson was named as the new manager, with Premier League winner Alan Wright as his assistant. However, Simpson departed after only a month. Simpson was due to take up a role in Portugal at the end of the season, however, this was brought forward to March, meaning Simpson would leave following the club's FA Trophy Quarter Final match on Saturday 25 February. His assistant, Alan Wright, oversaw a match with Rushall Olympic during Simpson's absence. On 27 February it was announced that Martin Foyle would take over until the end of the season, with Alan Wright continuing as assistant manager.
In April 2012 the Northern Premier League announced that Northwich Victoria had been expelled from the league for a breach of league rules regarding financial matters. Although lying second in the league, the club was not allowed to contest the playoffs. On appeal, FA ruled that the punishment was excessive; instead the club was relegated one step in the league.
On 8 May 2012, it was announced that former Wolverhampton Wanderers striker Andy Mutch would be taking over as manager.
Northwich started the 2012–13 season in the lowest league in the club's history, with their local rivals Witton Albion starting in a higher division for the first time. With no home ground and a large section of the fan-base refusing to associate with the Club or its owner, Northwich Victoria achieved its lowest ever home game attendance, with only 86 spectators witnessing a 3–4 defeat to Stamford A.F.C. Mutch departed from the club on 3 November, with the club eighth in the league table.
1874 Northwich Football Club.
A breakaway club, 1874 Northwich F.C., now play in the North West Counties League First Division. They were founded by the Northwich Victoria Supporters Trust following a vote by its membership on 15 November 2012 to break away from the club they supported and form a new community owned team in their town. It emerged, on the day of the vote, that the owner of Northwich Victoria had been declared bankrupt and therefore failed the FA Fit and Proper Persons test. Supporters chose the name 1874 Northwich for the club; in order to avoid legal issues over the new club's name none of the proposed options presented to fans included the words Vics or Victoria.
Cup History.
During their long history, Northwich have had many FA Cup runs where they have reached the First Round proper and further. Their first, and best run, came in the 1883–84 season, where the side reached the Quarter Finals, defeating Druids, Davenham and Brentwood in the earlier rounds, however they ultimately suffered a heavy defeat to Blackburn Olympic in the Quarter Final.
On 19 November 1892, Northwich defeated Liverpool 2–1 in the Third Qualifying Round in Liverpool's first season and are therefore the first team to eliminate them from the FA Cup.
The 1976–77 season witnessed Northwich's finest hour in the FA Cup. After beating Rochdale (forcing them to two replays), they defeated Peterborough United. In the Third Round, they beat Elton John's Watford 3–2 in a pulsating match at the Drill Field. A home tie at Oldham Athletic for the 4th round was a dream tie, with the game being moved to Maine Road. Northwich lost the game 3–1 in front of a crowd of more than 29,000, their largest crowd ever.
The club have reached the second round proper on several occasions; in 1979–80 (losing to Wigan Athletic in a replay), 1982–83 (Scunthorpe United), 1984–85 (Wigan Athletic), 1987–88 (Blackpool), 1988–89 (Tranmere Rovers).
During the 2000–01 season, Northwich again reached the second round. Under the management of Keith Alexander, who had taken over a side who were struggling to remain in the Conference, Northwich held Football League side Bury 1–1 at Gigg Lane to secure a replay at the Drill Field. Northwich won the replay 1–0 and were drawn against Leyton Orient. After holding Orient to a 3–3 draw at Brisbane Road, Northwich ultimately lost the replay 2–3, missing out on a 3rd round tie with Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur.
In the 2005–06 season, under the management of Steve Burr, Northwich reached the FA Cup third round, and were drawn against Premier League side Sunderland. On 8 January 2006, Over 3,000 supporters travelled to the Stadium of Light, where Northwich were ultimately defeated 3–0.
On 24 October 2009, under the management of Andy Preece, Northwich played FC United of Manchester in the FA Cup 4th Qualifying Round. Northwich won the game 3–0. In the First Round proper, Northwich were drawn against former Premier League side Charlton Athletic, which was televised live on ITV1, providing much needed revenue for the club. Northwich won the game 1–0. Northwich were then drawn against Lincoln City, a match which was again televised on ITV1. The game was played on 28 November, with Lincoln winning the game 3–1.
Grounds.
From their foundation in 1874, Northwich played at the Drill Field, located in the centre of Northwich. Due to the ground not meeting new safety regulations and standards, and to provide revenue for the club, the ground was demolished in 2002.
In the three-year gap between the demolition of the Drill Field and the construction of Victoria Stadium, Northwich played at Wincham Park, the home of their Northwich rivals Witton Albion, which is located across the canal from the Victoria Stadium.
A new ground was built in Wincham, a few miles outside of the town in the middle of a business park. It was named the Victoria Stadium, and was opened in 2005, with its official opening in 2006 by Sir Alex Ferguson.
In January 2012, chairman Jim Rushe's planned purchase of the Victoria Stadium fell through and the site was sold to chemical manufacturer Thor Specialities Ltd., who were based adjacent to the stadium and planned on expanding their operation. As a result, the club was evicted from the ground with immediate effect, with its remaining home fixtures of the 2011–12 season either played at nearby venues or switched to the ground of the away team.
The club then tentatively agreed to share Marston Road, the home of Stafford Rangers located over 40 miles south of Northwich, to enable them to gain readmission to the Northern Premier League for the following season. The club hoped to secure a groundshare closer to their home town before the season started, and eventually agreed a lease on Flixton's Valley Road. However, by this point the league had already placed them in the First Division South for season 2012–13, and refused to allow the switch due to the extra travelling it would involve for away teams, and they were forced to remain at Stafford.
Rivalries.
Northwich have a fierce rivalry with Witton Albion, another Northwich team who play less than 500 yards from the Victoria Stadium. There has been no competitive Northwich derby since 1994 due to the clubs playing in different leagues and not being drawn against each other in cup competitions.
Northwich also have a rivalry with Altrincham.
Founder members.
Northwich Victoria are a founder member of several leagues, and inaugural members of cup competitions. These are:
Nicknames.
Northwich Victoria are known to their fans by several nicknames. The most common, Vics/The Vics, is a shortening of Victoria in the club's name. They are also known as 'The Trickies', a nickname initially given to them as an insult by local rivals, a nickname that has been adopted by the clubs own fans. In old media, the club were also referred to as the Victorians (again owing to their name), and the 'Salt Boys/Men', due to Northwich's history as being a centre of the Salt trade in the United Kingdom.
Current squad.
As at 20 February 2013
Notable former players.
"Inclusion criteria: Attained international caps, went on to/previously played at a significantly higher level of football or is notable for a specific reason."

</doc>
<doc id="19430906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430906" title="WBUD">
WBUD

WBUD may refer to the following U.S. broadcast stations:

</doc>
<doc id="19430930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430930" title="Ash Adams">
Ash Adams

Ash Adams (born February 7, 1963), also known professionally by his given name of Jason Adams, is an award-winning American independent filmmaker, producer, writer, and well-known TV and movie actor.
Early life.
Adams was born in Los Angeles and raised in Mailbu, where he still resides today. As a teenager, Jason took an early interest in filmmaking and acting, and staged several home movie productions in his backyard and in other natural surroundings, not unlike how other filmmaking and acting legends got their start. He attended the Desert Sun High School from 1978 to 1979, and later transferred to Malibu High School, of which he is a 1982 graduate.
Acting career.
By the time he was 20, Adams had already started making efforts to enter show business, and the connections he needed to break in. Jason formed a notable early relationship with actress Maree Cheatham, who eventually started passing his profile around to casting directors after she took a liking to his "chops". One of the directors that responded was a casting agent for the inaugural installment of "A Nightmare on Elm Street". Adams made his professional acting debut in the 1984 smash hit horror film, in a small role as an anonymous surfer.
Afterwards, Adams ramped up his auditions and prospects tenfold; in 1986, the casting director at ABC's "Ryan's Hope" announced that they were looking to cast an adult actor to take over the role of John Reid Ryan on the soap. Adams came in to read and won the part, of which he played from August 1986 until the show's final episode on January 13, 1989. His character had previously been a child for "RH"'s first decade on the air (known as "Little John Ryan" and later "Johnno Ryan", and played from newborn stage to age 10 by Jadrien Steele, from 1975–1985). Adams is known for being one of the earliest soap actors brought into take over a role due to SORAS-ing (Soap Opera Rapid Aging Syndrome).
Adams became noticed on the Hollywood scene in a major way during his years on "Ryan's Hope", and after the soap bid farewell to viewers in early 1989, he was in high demand for new ventures. ABC immediately cast him as the lead in a two-hour movie pilot they were considering to pick up as a weekly series, "Thunderboat Row". Even though the movie was well received, it never became a series. This was followed by a guest shot on the syndicated revival of "Adam-12", just before he was cast as François Gaultier in "Lionheart" (1990), alomgside Jean-Claude Van Damme. On the heels of "Lionheart"s success at the box office, Adams was catapulted into heavier movie roles in "The Arc" (1991), "Original Intent" (1992), the indie flick "I'll Love You Forever..Tonight" (1992), the cult horror favorite "Puppet Master 4" (1993) and with an appearance in the short "The Privilege Cage" (1994). Occasionally during this time, Adams still turned up in some guest roles, including in two episodes of ABC's "The Young Riders" in 1990, playing Jeffrey Darnell.
In 1996, he co-starred as Max Houser in the syndicated serial drama "Acapulco Bay", an American adaptation of the Mexican telenovelas "Tú o nadie" and "Acapulco, Cuerpo y Alma". Things in a sense came full circle for Adams on "Acapulco Bay", since one of his co-stars was the woman he credited for launching his career, close friend Maree Cheatham (who played Victoria).
Subsequent movie roles for Adams included Deputy Steve Stowe in "The Stranger" (1995), a cameo in "Mother" (1996), and large parts in "Striking Resemblance" (1997). He continued to appear in guest shots on popular cable and syndicated series, including an episode of "Renegade" in 1997, and on Pamela Anderson's "V.I.P." in 1999. By this time he was now going professionally by Ash Adams (for reasons discussed below), but despite the change in his stage name, in certain credits of his listed above from 1996 or later, he continued to be credited as Jason Adams.
In the early 2000s, Adams put aside time to specifically focus on live theatre work, at first committing to popular productions at the Actors Studio in New York City. It was there where he starred in "Mass Appeal" and "Return to the Chicago Abyss". He later returned to the Los Angeles area to star in the local production of "Hurly Burly" in 2004. In between the latter two plays, he made a guest appearance in an early episode of ABC's 2003 revival of "Dragnet". The most important development in Adams' career outside of his acting at this time was his preparation for a filmmaking career. Before he had finished his stage work in New York City, Adams had already started raising funds for an inaugural movie project of his own, while launching a production company which ultimately became his independent film marque Bravado Pictures.
Filmmaking.
Beginnings at Bravado Pictures.
Adams' foray into filmmaking launched with the successful formation of his production company Bravado Pictures, which began business by no later than early 2003 when his first original independent film, "After the Past", began shooting. The maiden project, like all of Ash's future efforts was written, produced and directed by himself, along with featuring Adams in a prominent on-screen role. Here, he was the top-billing star. The movie was co-produced by Oscar-nominated actress Amy Madigan, who in addition functioned as narrator of "After the Past". The plot centered around two brothers, played by Adams and Branden Morgan, who reunite at the funeral of their abusive father. As the story unfolds, they try and come to terms with the death of their mother, the violence that was put on them as children and the damage they are left with as adults. Production was complete by mid-2003 and prior to its official release, set for the following year, the public was given a full-length preview screening at the 2003 Malibu International Film Festival. The audience reaction to "After the Past" was extremely positive, and it ended up winning the 2003 Audience Choice Award at the festival. "Entertainment Today" reviewed the film and noted that "After the Past" was "an impressive debut for Actor/Writer/Director Ash Adams." The movie went on to compete in all other major US film festivals per its official release in 2004.
During production of "After the Past", Adams had also been in the late stages of writing another screenplay that would have been Bravado Pictures' sophomore project. This screenplay, titled "The Darkness", ended up being sold by Adams in 2004 to Locomotion Films in Montreal, and another previously complete script for a project titled "Ready, Set, Go!" was also sold off by him in the same year to Franchise Pictures.
"The Distance".
Following all this, Adams set out on his second official project for Bravado, "The Distance". This true-life documentary film was of special interest to Ash's longtime love of boxing and it explored the sometimes gritty inner-life of boxers. For "The Distance", Adams recruited many of the top figures in the boxing world, including Bobby Chacon, Ray "Boom Boom" Mancini, Mando Ramos, Vernon Forrest, Chuck Bodak and Gabriel Ruelas. Also participating were "HBO Boxing" commentators Jim Lampley and Larry Merchant, and the film boasted the acting talent of Michael Madsen, Lou Gossett, Jr., Andy Dick and James Whitmore.
The film was in production starting in late 2004 and during most of 2005, before its official release at the Roving Eye Documentary Film Festival in 2006. "The Distance" won the Roving Eye festival, thanks to in part of the movie's star power and the attention it received while in production. This does not take away from the fact that it was the raw, gripping emotion of Adams' storytelling that earned "The Distance" its merit; his raised profile as a filmmaker caused the film to be picked up by the Ohio Independent Film Festival not long after. In Ohio, "The Distance" continued to be the darling of audiences and critics alike, and received a second nomination for Best Documentary. During this stage of its run, Julie Washington of "The Plain Dealer" called "The Distance" "heartbreaking and unforgettable". The momentum built up from its nominations and win, combined with the heavy star power and critical buzz within the industry it was receiving, allowed "The Distance" to then travel abroad and compete internationally. Later in 2006, it was screened at the Montreal World Film Festival, the John Huston Puerto Vallarta Film Festival and at the Rhode Island International Film Festival. "The Distance" became Adams' first widespread success, and such a distinction was topped off when Image Entertainment acquired the film for mass distribution. It was released on DVD in late 2006.
Fresh off the success of "The Distance", Adams at first announced that his next project for Bravado Pictures would be "Indultado" ("forgiveness" in Spanish), a second documentary project. The film would explore bullfighting from the inside out, and dive head first into the violent and dangerous lives of matadors. Scheduled to begin shooting before the end of 2007, the project has since been put on hold; it is likely that it will resume development and pre-production at a later date. Also in 2007, Ash acquired the rights to the boxing-themed Robert Anasi novel "The Gloves: A Boxing Chronicle", which for a while stood as the third official project for Bravado. This too has now been shelved, but Adams as of late is still immensely interested in adapting and producing its film counterpart. Im the midst of proposing these projects, Adams was in the middle of completing a new screenplay, "Once Fallen", that would in time be added to his roster.
Set in the city of San Pedro, California, "Once Fallen" is a racy crime drama about a man having to rebuild his life after having everything ripped away from him by incarceration, falling in love with the forbidden and the twisted dynamics of a violent crime family. The script for "Once Fallen" was complete in the fall of 2007, and even before it was done, Adams had his core casting choices in mind when he was writing. Ash collaborated once again with good friend Amy Madigan to not only co-produce "Once Fallen", but to also star. Madigan's husband, critically acclaimed dramatic actor Ed Harris, has also come aboard for a principal role, and the framework of the crime drama led Adams to naturally cast Michael Madsen (returning after his role in "The Distance" for Adams and Bravado) and Dennis Hopper. For the first time since "After the Past", Adams returns to an on-screen role in "Once Fallen", playing Agent Rath. Pre-production on this latest project began during the 2007 holiday season, and in the spring of 2008, Adams announced that the film would be a 2009 release.
In the final stages of pre-production, complete casting information was released; the project now has a well-integrated large ensemble. In addition to Adams, Madigan and Harris, "Once Fallen" also co-stars Taraji P. Henson, Steve Railsback, Sticky Fingaz, Peter Weller, Rance Howard, "After the Past" star Branden R. Morgan, Chad Lindberg, and recent arrival Sharon Gless. Adams was originally supposed to play the dual role of Chance and Agent Rath; as of October 8, 2008, it has been announced that Brian Presley has been cast separately as criminal Chance, the film's central lead and protagonist, while Adams remains as Rath. On the same date, it became official that Michael Madsen and Dennis Hopper were no longer associated with the project, but no reason was explained for their departure. Filming officially began on October 7, 2008 in Los Angeles.
"Mavericks" series on Indieoma.com.
In February 2007, Adams met with Bill Via, founder of the independent film and music site Indieoma.com, and proposed the idea of developing an online series to add to the fledgling site which would explore the world of independent filmmaking from the inside out. Indieoma.com, which launched in January 2007, is a site that promotes new releases from well-known artists in the landscape of independent media, as well as allowing budding artists to create accounts and showcase their work in hopes of gaining attention from the insiders. Adams decided to bank on the new site, since its future seemed promising with the involvement it had from other Hollywood-types; he promptly started at blog on Indieoma the same month he began series development with Via, in which he began connecting with the public, especially with those who had been fans of his recent success "The Distance". In April 2007, Ash announced that his upcoming series on Indieoma would be titled "Mavericks", a one-on-one interview series in which he would sit down with screen legends who had been hailed for their indie film performances in addition to their bigger-budget successes.
From its inception, "Mavericks" has been produced by Adams, Bill Via, and Michael Madsen, who was Adams' first guest on the series. Between April and June 2007, Adams had stated in his blog entries that "Mavericks" was to debut in June, but at the last minute, he and Via decided to hold off on the debut so they could work on the format further. The revisions they went through took somewhat longer than they expected; viewers did not see the first previews of the final product until early in 2008. Finally, on the week of March 22, 2008, "Mavericks" premiered. Each installment of the program is in four parts, and has one guest actor per show. Michael Madsen was the first guest, as scheduled; subsequent editions have had Ash sit down with actors he has worked with recently at Bravado Pictures, including Amy Madigan and Andy Dick, while Veronica Cartwright and Taylor Negron have been other subjects.
Professional name change in 1996.
In 1996, Adams decided to start using the longtime nickname of "Ash" professionally in place of Jason. The switch came about as a result of increasing confusion among viewers, fans, Screen Actors Guild officials and others in the media between certain credits of his and those of a newer, up-and-coming actor, Jason Leland Adams (to whom he is not related). When the latter Adams entered the SAG for the first time, he immediately had to register his middle name of Leland in from the start since the former Jason Adams already existed in their rolls. However, despite the fact that the first Jason Adams had already been a known face in Hollywood for the past decade, announcements of new projects with the newer Jason (Leland) Adams in the cast automatically led people to think it was the first Jason, since not all casting sources adhered to the proper SAG listing of the newer Jason's name. The situation became even more convoluted when other records began erroneously listing the first Jason Adams' middle name as being Leland, when in fact it never was. Finally, the original Jason Adams decided to ease the madness by dropping his real first name altogether, and becoming Ash Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="19430939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430939" title="Sərkar">
Sərkar

Sərkar or Sarkyar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19430961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430961" title="Wang Ling (historian)">
Wang Ling (historian)

Wang Ling (王玲, 1917 or 1918–1994) was a Chinese and Australian historian and educator known for his collaboration with Joseph Needham on the history of science and technology in China.
Biography.
Wang Ling was born in Nantong, China, and graduated in history from National Central University, which had moved from Nanjing to Chongqing during the Sino-Japanese war. In 1943, while working as a junior researcher at the Academia Sinica's Institute of History and Philology in Lizhuang, Wang met Needham, a British biochemist who had been sent by the Royal Society and British Government to head the Sino-British Science Cooperation Office, whose mission was to assist the universities of China.
Needham had already conceived a plan for a book on the history of Chinese scientific and technological achievement, which was generally little known and appreciated in the West at that time, and recruited Wang as his chief researcher and first collaborator on the project. "Science and Civilisation in China" subsequently grew to many volumes and changed educated and popular views of China in the West; it is regarded as one of the world's pre-eminent investigations of Chinese civilisation.
From 1948 to 1958 Wang worked on the project with Needham at Cambridge University, along the way obtaining his doctorate at Trinity College, Cambridge on the history of Chinese mathematics in the Han Dynasty. In 1958 he left Cambridge to take up a position as lecturer in Chinese at Canberra University College, later the faculty of Asian studies at the Australian National University.
He was a Professorial Fellow at the Department of Far Eastern History in the Research School of Pacific and Asian Studies (RSPAS) at Australian National University from 1963 to 1983. In 1992 Wang Ling returned to Nantong, where he lived until his death in June 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19430962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430962" title="Yrjö Valkama">
Yrjö Valkama

Yrjö Armas Valkama (ne "Flaming", June 5, 1894 – March 3, 1975) was a Finnish diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Helsinki.
In 1920 he finished fifth in the plain high diving event.
Four years later he was eliminated in the first round of the plain high diving competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19430969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430969" title="Edward Hughes (poet)">
Edward Hughes (poet)

Edward Hughes (1772 – 11 April 1850) was a Welsh clergyman and prize-winning Welsh language poet, whose bardic name was "" ("The wren").
Life.
Hughes was born in Nannerch, Flintshire, north Wales and christened on 9 July 1772. He matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford in 1794, obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1797 and his Master of Arts degree in 1800. He was ordained and was a military chaplain for a time, including service on the Walcheren Campaign of 1809. He was later rector of Llanddulas (1814–1818) and then of Bodfari (1818 until his death in 1850). He won the prize at the eisteddfod in Denbigh in 1819 for an awdl called "Elusengarwch", the adjudication being by William Owen Pughe, Robert Davies (Bardd Nantglyn) and David Richards (Dewi Silyn), although the result was controversial as many others favoured David Owen (Dewi Wyn o Eifion). Hughes won a prize offered by the Honourable Society of Cymmrodorion in 1822 for a cywydd called "Hu Gadarn" and again won prizes in the Denbigh eisteddfod of 1828, when John Blackwell (Alun) was among the adjudicators. His poems were published in various contemporary collections. He died in Bodfari on 11 April 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="19430975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430975" title="Wilkins House">
Wilkins House

Wilkins House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19430979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19430979" title="Hans Moser (rider)">
Hans Moser (rider)

Hans Moser (19 January 1901 – 18 November 1974) was a Swiss equestrian and Olympic champion. He won an individual gold medal in "dressage" at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19431038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431038" title="Levasseur PL.15">
Levasseur PL.15

__NOTOC__
The Levasseur PL.15 was a torpedo bomber seaplane developed in France in the early 1930s. It was a follow-on design to Levasseur's PL.14 that had, in turn, been developed from the carrier-based PL.7. While the PL.14 retained the PL.7's boat-like fuselage (developed as a safety feature for carrier-based aircraft ditching), the PL.15 was a purpose-built seaplane with an all-new, slender fuselage. 
The Aéronavale ordered 16 PL.15s for use aboard the seaplane tender "Commandant Teste", and purchased and deployed the prototype as well. These remained in service from 1933 to 1938, when they were put into storage.W The PL.15s were reactivated with the outbreak of war in September 1939, and were used for anti-submarine patrol along France's Atlantic coast.

</doc>
<doc id="19431058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431058" title="1982 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1982 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1982 Individual Speedway World Championship.
1982 was the only time the Individual World Final was held outside of the United Kingdom or Europe before the advent of the Speedway Grand Prix series in 1995.
The speedway track for the Final was laid out over the Coliseum's existing athletics track. The event was held in front of a crowd of approximately 40,000 people.
Controversy.
Heat 14 of the championship proved to be the most controversial race of the night. After a slow start which saw defending champion Bruce Penhall, and England's Kenny Carter in 3rd and 4th places behind 1976 World Champion Peter Collins and Australian Phil Crump, both riders fought their way past Crump and into 2nd and 3rd behind Collins. Carter moved under Penhall into 2nd place at the end of the 2nd lap, and both riders proceeded to bump each other down the front straight with Carter emerging in front. Carter then went wide through turn 1 which allowed Penhall to come back underneath him. Carter then fell coming onto the back straight and went through the fence causing the race to be stopped. Norweigan referee Torrie Kittlesen then excluded Carter from the race for causing the stoppage. Carter protested claiming that Penhall had hit him in the corner causing him to come off his bike and walked back to the start line in an effort to stop the re-run going ahead without him. Officials and his manager Ivan Mauger were then forced to remove Carter from the track.
Although not shown in the television broadcast of the event, video footage shot from the back straight vindicated Kittlesen's decision. The footage showed that Penhall and Carter did not touch in the turn and that the Englishman had gone down on his own.
Penhall went on to win the re-run from Collins and Crump.
In another controversial decision, two races later Kittlesen excluded Czechoslovakian rider Vaclav Verner after a clash with West Germany's Georg Hack, the incident being almost a carbon copy of the Penhall / Carter incident. However, on this occasion it was the rider who stayed on his bike, Verner, who was excluded.
Television.
During the meeting, scenes for an episode of the American television drama series CHiPs were filmed in the pits. One of the stars of CHiPs was World Champion Bruce Penhall who portrayed cadet–probationary officer Bruce Nelson. The episode centred on Nelson winning the World Final, with Penhall acting as Nelson in between races. Actual television coverage of the meeting was also used in the episode, with dubbed over commentary. The episode, which was episode 5 of season 6 ("Speedway Fever") aired in the USA on November 7, 1982, was Penhall's debut in the series.
It was footage shot from one of the 23 camera's that the CHiPs production crew had at the Coliseum that actually vindicated referee Torrie Kittlesen's decision to exclude Kenny Carter from Heat 14 after his clash with Penhall.

</doc>
<doc id="19431090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431090" title="Journal of Ethics &amp; Social Philosophy">
Journal of Ethics &amp; Social Philosophy

The Journal of Ethics & Social Philosophy is a peer-reviewed open-access, academic journal of moral, political, and legal philosophy published by the University of Southern California.
Indexing.
The journal is indexed by The Philosophers' Index.

</doc>
<doc id="19431110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431110" title="Nancy Hicks Maynard">
Nancy Hicks Maynard

Nancy Alene Hicks Maynard (1 November 1946 – 21 September 2008) was an American publisher, journalist, former owner of "The Oakland Tribune", and co-founder of the Maynard Institute for Journalism Education. She was the first African-American female reporter for "The New York Times", and at the time of her death, "The Oakland Tribune" was the only metropolitan daily newspaper to have been owned by African-Americans.
Biography.
Early life.
Maynard was born Nancy Alene Hall in Harlem, New York City, to jazz bassist, Alfred Hall and Eve Keller, a nurse. She first became interested in journalism after a fire destroyed elementary school she once attended, and was unhappy with portrayal of her community in the coverage by the news media. She went on to attend Long Island University and graduated with a journalism degree in 1966.
Career.
"The New York Times".
Maynard began her journalism career as a copy girl and reporter with the "New York Post". She was hired by "The New York Times" in September 1968, at age 21. Almost immediately upon her hire, she was sent to Brooklyn to help cover the Ocean Hill-Brownsville school decentralization controversy, which drew accusations of racism and anti-Semitism and resulted in a city-wide teachers' strike and the establishment of new school districts throughout the city. After less than one year at the "Times", Maynard was hired as a full-time reporter, becoming the first African-American woman to work as a reporter at the newspaper.
During her first few years at "The New York Times", Maynard covered important race-related stories such as race riots and Columbia and Cornell University black student takeovers, as well as politically significant events like a memorial for Robert F. Kennedy. She later wrote for the paper's education and science news departments, primarily on health-care coverage. In 1973, she spent a month in China analyzing its medical system, including stories about the use of acupuncture in surgical operations. Among her other story topics were the Medicare system, an explanation of the arrangement of whiskers on a lion's face and coverage of Apollo program.
Maynard Institute for Journalism Education.
Maynard and her husband Robert C. Maynard left their jobs and founded the Maynard Institute for Journalism Education in Oakland, California where she served as its first president in 1977. Since its founding, the institute has been credited with training and preparing hundreds of minority students for careers in news editing, newsroom managers, and other careers in journalism. Maynard served as a member of the board until 2002.
"The Oakland Tribune".
In 1983, Maynard and her husband purchased "The Oakland Tribune", which was in poor financial shape at the time. "The Oakland Tribune" became the first and, at the time of Maynard's death, only major metropolitan daily newspaper to be owned by African-Americans. The two served as co-publishers for almost 10 years together, and were credited with bringing a significant amount of diversity into the newsroom. After Robert C. Maynard died in 1993, Maynard sold the paper, which was experiencing declining revenues, to ANG Newspapers.
Personal life.
Not long after graduation, Maynard was married to Daniel D. Hicks, with whom she had her first child, her son David. After Hicks's death in 1974, she married Robert C. Maynard in 1975 after meeting at a convention. He already had a daughter, Dori. As a couple, they had their third child, Alex. 
Maynard, who made her home with partner Jay T. Harris in Santa Monica, California, died at UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles at age 61 after an extended illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19431124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431124" title="Massis (weekly)">
Massis (weekly)

Massis (in Armenian Մասիս) is bilingual (published in Armenian and English) since 1980. The weekly newspaper is headquartered in Pasadena, California.
"Massis" is the organ of the Social Democrat Hunchakian Party's Western USA region.

</doc>
<doc id="19431144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431144" title="Utah State Route 167">
Utah State Route 167

State Route 167 (SR-167) is a north–south state highway in the U.S. state of Utah that connects Weber Canyon at I-84 in Mountain Green with the Ogden Valley near Huntsville over a span of .
Nearly the entire route comprises Trappers Loop Road.
Route description.
The route begins at the interchange with I-84 just west of Mountain Green in Morgan County, and travels east for about , roughly parallel to I-84. At this point, the route makes a turn to the north, becoming Trappers Loop Road, which begins to climb into the mountains separating Weber Canyon and Ogden Valley (the top of Ogden Canyon).
After climbing for and peaking at in elevation, the route crosses into Weber County and passes SR-226, the primary access road for Snowbasin ski resort. From here, the route winds its way back downhill, to the north, making its way towards the Ogden Valley area. Just before the route enters the valley near Huntsville, it exits the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest (the entire southern portion of the route lies in the national forest). The route then terminates at the intersection with SR-39, just south of Pineview Reservoir.
History.
The old Trappers Loop Road from the former Utah State Route 5 in Mountain Green to State Route 39 in Huntsville was designated State Route 85 in 1935, and decommissioned in 1945. SR-167 was created in 1985 along the same road, from I-84 near Mountain Green to SR-39 south of Huntsville. At the same time, the Utah State Legislature allocated funding for UDOT to reconstruct the route to state highway standards. Based on the preliminary studies prior to construction, it was decided that the new route alignment would be located one-half to one mile (1.6 km) west of the old road. In 1987, the route was realigned to this location, where the new road was under construction. The old road would continue to be operated and maintained by UDOT until 1989, when the new road had been completed and UDOT relinquished the road back to Morgan and Weber counties. In 1990, the route was extended from its southern terminus, westward to the eastbound Mountain Green Interchange off-ramp on I-84.

</doc>
<doc id="19431230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431230" title="Wilkins House (Los Angeles, California)">
Wilkins House (Los Angeles, California)

Wilkins House is a building that was listed as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 2007. The LA Office of Historic Resources described it upon designation as...

</doc>
<doc id="19431236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431236" title="Ashley Opperman">
Ashley Opperman

Ashley Opperman (born 13 January 1983 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) defender who plays for Hanover Park of the National First Division.
He made his Premier Soccer League (PSL) debut with Ajax Cape Town as a teenager during the 2000–01 season before spending time on loan at First Division club Avendale Athletico. In 2005 he returned to the PSL with Moroka Swallows, then spent a season with Ikapa Sporting before joining Vasco da Gama, who released him following their promotion to the PSL. In September 2010 he signed for Hanover Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19431238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431238" title="List of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds band members">
List of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds band members

The following is a complete chronology of the various line-ups of the multinational alternative rock music group Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds (briefly "Nick Cave – Man or Myth?" and later "Nick Cave and the Cavemen") formed in late 1983 in Melbourne, Australia, by five musicians, including several former members of the group The Birthday Party shortly after this band's demise, and is thus seen as its continuation. 
In addition to Melbourne, the band has resided in Berlin, Germany, São Paulo, Brazil, and London, UK.
Touring members considered guests are listed here in non-bold type.

</doc>
<doc id="19431245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431245" title="Asian Cup Volleyball Championship">
Asian Cup Volleyball Championship

The Asian Cup Volleyball Championship is a sport competition for Asian and Oceanian national teams, currently held biannually and organized by the Asian Volleyball Confederation, the Asia volleyball federation. The first edition for both men and women was held in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19431267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431267" title="Bernard Chevallier">
Bernard Chevallier

Bernard Chevallier (4 October 1912 – 6 April 1997 was a French equestrian and Olympic champion. He won an individual gold medal in "eventing" at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19431289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431289" title="Raimon de Durfort and Turc Malec">
Raimon de Durfort and Turc Malec

Turc Malec (also "Turc Malet", "Truc Malet", "Truc Malec") was a minor troubadour and nobleman, probably from Quercy. He wrote the "cobla esparsa" "En Raimon, be.us tenc a grat", the first (but the order is unclear) in a series of four poems (the other three being"sirventes"), constituting a debate with Raimon de Durfort (also from Quercy), and Arnaut Daniel. All three "sirventes" were written in monorhyming stanzas of nine lines, the first two of seven syllables and the last seven of eight, mirroring the structure of Turc's single one. 
A "vida-razo" was composed for Raimon and Turc, which goes like this:
"Raimons de Dufort e·N Turc Malec si foron du cavallier de Caersi que feiren los sirventes de la domna que ac nom ma donna n'Aia, aquella que dis al cavalier de Cornil qu'ella no l'amaria si el no la cornava el cul. Et aqui son escritz los sirventes."
<br><br>
Raimon de Durfort and Lord Turc Malec were two knights from Quercy who composed the sirventes about the lady called Milady Aia, the one who said to the knight of Cornil Bernart de Cornil, but actually a play on "cornar", "to sound a horn" that she would not love him if he did not blow in her arse. And here are written the "sirventes".
In the poem, however, Aia (who is referred to as "Ena" in the pieces) does not ask to be "blown" in the "cul" (arse) but in the "corn" (literally "horn"). This may be a reference to the anal sphincter (which can make noise like a horn) or to the clitoris. Although Ugo Angelo Canello proposed in 1883 that the "vida" contains a concealed reference to homosexual sex (taking "cornava" for "sodomised"), today scholars believe it is either referring to typical vaginal sex or, insultingly, to oral stimulation of the anus; most scholars assume the latter. 

</doc>
<doc id="19431291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431291" title="Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992">
Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992

The Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (or FHEFSSA, , title XIII of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992, , Oct. 28, 1992, , "et seq."). The Act established the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight (OFHEO) within the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). It also mandated that HUD set specific goals for the government-sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, with regard to low income and underserved housing areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19431313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431313" title="Guilhem Fabre">
Guilhem Fabre

Guilhem or Guillem Fabre was a troubadour and burgher from Narbonne. He may be the same person as the dedicatee of "En Guillems Fabres, sap fargar", a eulogistic poem by Bernart d'Auriac. He was one of several mid- to late-thirteenth-century troubadours from Narbonne, with Bernart Alanhan and Miquel de Castillon. 
Guilhem's own works comprise "On mais vei, plus trop sordejor", a "sirventes" on decadence, a "Pos dels majors princeps auzem conten", a Crusade song. In the first, Guilhem criticises contemporary politics and religion as too worldly, relating them to the sorry state of the Holy Land at the time. In the second, inspired by piety, Guilhem blames internal wars in Christendom for the failures of the Crusades. He also suggests that the mendicant orders are partly to blame. It is universally agreed that this song was written after the loss of Jerusalem in 1244. Some scholars place it in the years 1245–58 (C. Fabre) or 1254–1269 (Karl Appel, Sergio Vatteroni). During the pontificate of Clement IV (1264–68) the wars between the Guelphs and Ghibellines were intense. Guilhem reveals his Ghibelline sympathies when he heaps especial blame on the pope, remarking that the pontiff himself has never led a crusade. Because of this reference to the pope, Guilhem's song cannot have been written during the papal interregnum of 1268–71. Scholar Amos Parducci suggests that it was written during the War of the Sicilian Vespers, as late as 1284–85. 
The contemporary troubadour Uc de Saint Circ criticised Guilhem Fabre in his "cobla esparsa" "Guillelms Fabres nos fai en brau lignatge" for using such artful phrasing that his meaning is obscured. From this criticism it can be assumed that Guilhem belonged to the "trobar clus" school of composition, which favoured short words, a high ratio of consonants to vowels, and generally harsh sounds and unusual rimes. The identification of "Guillelms Fabres" with Guilhem is problematic. Several internal usages suggest that Uc's criticisms may be particularly appropriate to Guilhem Ademar, in which case "Fabre" may be read as a nickname meaning "smith". 

</doc>
<doc id="19431323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431323" title="Borden Peninsula">
Borden Peninsula

The Borden Peninsula is a peninsula on northern Baffin Island, in Nunavut, Canada. It lies south of Lancaster Sound. Northeastern Borden Peninsula is home to Sirmilik National Park.
Geography.
Borden Peninsula extends north for . It is - wide.
The northern area, including the Hartz Mountains, are composed of flat, dissected rock rising to over above sea level. The Magda Plateau is to the south where river valleys occupy the land, dividing scarps and flat-topped hills. Admiralty Inlet forms a western border, while Navy Board Inlet forms a border to the east, separating the peninsula from Bylot Island. Navy Board Inlet's coastal cliffs rise to .
Population.
The Inuit community of Arctic Bay is on the western coast.
Industry.
The peninsula has seen mining activity for decades, especially for diamonds.

</doc>
<doc id="19431326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431326" title="David Enrich">
David Enrich

David Jules Enrich (born July 3, 1979) is an award-winning reporter at the Wall Street Journal. He was raised with two siblings in Lexington, Massachusetts, while his father taught law and his mother practiced psychology. 
In October, David became a story himself when he was threatened with prosecution by a British court for a Wall Street Journal story that named suspects in an investigation into alleged manipulation of an interest rate benchmark. The case was seen as another test of press freedom in the U.K. 
David Enrich kicked off his life in journalism as an intern at The Nation in Summer, 2000 and at U.S. News & World Report in 2001 and spent summers interning as a research assistant for the Tax Equity Alliance for Massachusetts, a non-profit think tank specializing in state tax and budgetary policy. Mr. Enrich received his Bachelor's degree in 2001 from Claremont McKenna College in Claremont, California, majoring in government. While in college, Mr. Enrich co-founded claremontmckenna.com, the first online newspaper at the five Claremont Colleges. It promised "the word on the street" at CMC and was dubbed controversial by some for subjecting student leaders and faculty members to celebrity-grade scrutiny.
Keeping busy he also founded and directed Citizens for True Democracy[www.truedemocracy.org], a Southern California grassroots organization that proposes replacing the Electoral College with direct voting when a student at Claremont McKenna College. 
After leaving college David debated whether to work at a public policy think-tank, before deciding on journalism. He began his career in journalism at newswire, State News Service. He served as a Washington correspondent covering Congress, the White House and federal regulatory agencies for several regional newspapers including the Cleveland Plain Dealer, the Wisconsin State Journal and the Philadelphia Daily News.
David started his Dow Jones (and business journalism) career in 2003 as a reporter with Corporate Filings Alert in Washington, scouring SEC filings for tidbits of news. He moved to New York in 2005 to cover the banking industry for Dow Jones Newswires. He joined the Wall Street Journal in December 2007 in New York, writing about the U.S. banking industry, with a particular focus on Citigroup. 
In 2007, David, along with a team of reporters, won the SABEW Breaking News award for Wall Street Journal coverage of the resignation of Citigroup CEO Charles Prince. He was part of a team of Journal reporters who were finalists for a Loeb Award in 2008 and for a Pulitzer Prize in 2009.
David Enrich currently works in the Wall Street Journal's London office, which he joined in March 2010. He works with Charles Forelle. He was nominated for a 2010 Pulitzer Prize for his coverage of the European debt crisis and for a Loeb award that year for “USA Inc.: The State of Capitalism”. David was also part of a Wall Street Journal team that won an Overseas Press Club of America award for ‘Best newspaper or news service interpretation of international affairs’ for a series on the crisis called “European Disunion.” 
In March 2012 David was named the Journal's European Banking Editor; in September 2013, he was promoted to Europe Banking and Insurance Editor. 
Over the summer of 2012, David, who also holds German citizenship, helped out with the Journal's Olympics coverage, covering events that ranged from boxing to beach-volleyball. David was interviewed live, on broadcast media, during the opening ceremony and other events. 
He lives in London with his wife, who works for a nonprofit organization, and young son. He is a supporter of the Tottenham Hotspur soccer team, a Boston Red Sox fan and plays Blackjack.
On October 17 a British judge ordered David and the Wall Street Journal to comply with a request by the U.K.'s Serious Fraud Office prohibiting the newspaper from publishing names of individuals in the government's ongoing investigation into alleged manipulation of the London interbank offered rate. David was threatened with jail if he disobeyed. 
The situation was covered in the press as an example of the restrictions the media face in the U.K. from courts that impose reporting restrictions to prevent journalists from reporting details that prosecutors believe could jeopardize an investigation or case and by celebrities keen to cover up indiscretions. 
Dow Jones & Co., publisher of the Journal, described the injunction as "serious affront to press freedom." 
On October 21, an English judge said he wouldn't renew the court order saying there was "no basis" for the reporting restrictions. 

</doc>
<doc id="19431327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431327" title="Tatlı">
Tatlı

Tatlı or Tatly or Tatlu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19431337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431337" title="Ward Elliott">
Ward Elliott

Ward Elliott is the Burnet C. Wohlford Professor of American Political Institutions at Claremont McKenna College (CMC). Elliot has been a professor at CMC since 1968.
Education.
Elliot has a Bachelor of Arts, Master's degree and Doctorate of Philosophy degrees from Harvard University. He also has a law degree from the University of Virginia.
Work.
He researched market solutions to the smog problem in Los Angeles. He was president of the "California Coalition for Clean Air" from 1980 to 1986. Elliott drafted the economic-incentives of the "Clean Air Act Amendments" of 1990. Subsequent to his efforts, the number of first-stage smog-alert days declined from one day in three in the 1960s to only one day in 1997. 
He was the founder of the Claremont Shakespeare Clinic from 1987 to 1994. The clinic used computers to analyze Shakespeare's writings, and published several papers on his and the Claremont Shakespeare Clinic's findings. His research addressed the Shakespeare authorship question. His results led him to dismiss the claims of 37 alternative authors of the Shakespeare canon and reject the authenticity of over 30 poems and plays of the Shakespeare Apocrypha.

</doc>
<doc id="19431340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431340" title="Garber House">
Garber House

Garber House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19431355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431355" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T46">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T46

The Men's 400m T46 had its First Round held on September 11 at 17:45 and the Final on September 12 at 18:42.

</doc>
<doc id="19431359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431359" title="Ross Eckert">
Ross Eckert

Ross Doud Eckert (November 11, 1941 – December 23, 1994) was the Boswell Professor of Economics and Legal Organization at Claremont McKenna College, the faculty of which he joined in 1979. He received his degrees from UCLA. He was one of the first to warn of the threat that AIDS posed to the blood supply, and a major goal in his life was cleaning up the blood supply. The matter affected him personally as he was a hemophiliac who contracted HIV/AIDS from a transfusion. He was also a member of the Mont Pelerin Society. Eckert worked with Ward Elliott on market-incentives to reduce congestion. He also worked to rescue the U.S. Laws of the Sea from degradation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19431362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431362" title="Christoph Friedrich Otto">
Christoph Friedrich Otto

Christoph Friedrich Otto (4 December 1783 – 7 December 1856) was a German gardener and botanist. 
He was born in Schneeberg, Saxony. From 1805 to 1843 he was inspector of the Botanical Garden in Berlin. Together with Albert Gottfried Dietrich (1795-1856), he edited the "Allgemeinen Gartenzeitung" from 1833 until his death in 1856 in Berlin.
The genus of plants "Ottoa" H.B.K. is named after him. As a taxonomist, he was the binomial authority/co-authority of many species, including numerous plants within the family Cactaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19431365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431365" title="Edith Picht-Axenfeld">
Edith Picht-Axenfeld

Edith Picht-Axenfeld (Freiburg im Breisgau, 1 January 1914 – Hinterzarten, 19 April 2001) was a German pianist and harpsichordist. 
She started her concert career in 1935, and took part two years later in the third Fryderyk Chopin Competition, where she was awarded a 6th prize; this launched her career. After World War II Picht-Axenfeld performed at an intercontinental level, was active as a chamber musician and recorded for labels such as Deutsche Grammophon, Philips and Erato. RCA released an LP with Chopin's Etudes op. 10 and op. 25 with Picht-Axenfeld.
She taught at the Staatliche Hochschule für Musik in Freiburg im Breisgau until 1979.
References.
Fryderyk Chopin Information Centre

</doc>
<doc id="19431367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431367" title="Garber House (Los Angeles, California)">
Garber House (Los Angeles, California)

The Garber House in Los Angeles, California, is a building that was listed as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19431370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431370" title="Eric Helland">
Eric Helland

Eric Helland is a Professor, Robert Day School of Economics and Finance, at Claremont McKenna College and Claremont Graduate University, and Senior Economist, Institute for Civil Justice, RAND Corporation, Santa Monica, CA.
Helland holds a B.A. (1991) from the University of Missouri and an M.A (1992) and Ph.D. in Economics from Washington University in St. Louis (1995). Helland is a member of the Board of Directors of the UCLA Center for Governance. He is the recipient of the Robert H. Durr Award from the Midwest Political Science Association and the Dean's Teaching Award from Ball State University. He has been Senior Economist at the Council of Economic Advisors and Visiting Professor of Economics at the Stigler Center for the Study of the Economy and the State at the University of Chicago. From 2003 to 2004 he worked as the Senior Staff Economist on the Council of Economic Advisers.
He holds professional associations with American Economic Association, Society for Empirical Legal Studies, and the American Law and Economics Association. His articles have appeared in such scholarly journal as the "Journal of Environmental Economics and Management", "Journal of Legal Studies", and "Review of Economics and Statistics".

</doc>
<doc id="19431373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431373" title="Cubs Win Flag">
Cubs Win Flag

The Cubs Win Flag is a victory flag that is flown at Wrigley Field after every Chicago Cubs home win. The flag is variously referred to by approximately a dozen names, combining; either Cubs or Chicago Cubs; Win, W, White, White W, or W Win; and flag, banner or banner flag. Other common names for the symbol include Chicago Cubs W Win Flag and Chicago Cubs Win Banner Flag. It has become an important symbol for fans that one retailer describes as a fan banner instead of flag, or banner flag. In addition, days when the win flag is flown are known as "White Flag Days". The tradition of flying a win or loss flag over the stadium began soon after the construction of the scoreboard in 1937.
The flag has used two different color schemes with the letter "W" on a solid background, and there is a loss indicator flag with a letter "L". Additionally, the flags have been complemented by different color schemes of indicator lights. The flag is also changed after each Cubs win. The flag has become a very symbolic emblem for devout Cubs fans. Some retailers sell slightly different versions that also have the Cubs logo at the bottom.
Detail.
Flying a flag over Wrigley field to denote wins and losses is a longstanding tradition. Currently, the Win Flag is composed of a large blue letter "W" on a white background while the Loss Flag is a large white letter "L" on a blue background. The phrase "White flag time at Wrigley!" is therefore used to explain that the Cubs have just won that day's home game. The flag is raised by a scoreboard crew member immediately after the completion of a game, and in the case of a doubleheader split, both flags are flown. 
It is customary to fly flags from sunrise until sunset, unless they are directly illuminated. At the beginning of each day, the cross-shaped "masthead" atop the center field scoreboard displays the American flag at the top, and three strands of flags bearing the team colors and city names of each of the National League clubs, one strand per Division in order of that day's standings. Immediately after the game, one of the strands of flags is lowered, and either the W or the L-lettered flag is raised in its place. The W-lettered flag is raised on the left field side of the board, above the blue light that also indicates a win. The L-lettered flag is raised on the right field side of the board, above the white light that indicates a loss. Once the Win or Loss Flag has been raised, the other flags are lowered and also stowed away inside the scoreboard.
The symbolism of the flag now serves a wide variety of purposes. It is commonly reproduced in dimensions, and car flag versions are also sold. The flag is also available in dimension versions. The flag has become a celebratory symbol for Chicago Cubs fans who purchase reproductions and take them to games at home and on the road to show support. The fans wave them after victories at Wrigley Field, and they hang them in the stands during playoff series. Some fans fly a win flag in place of or in addition to the Flag of the United States on days when the Cubs win. Since 1998, the flags have become ever more popular, with demand reaching a level where they are sold at Wrigley field. In 2007, with the Cubs in playoff contention for the first time in 3 years, the Cubs' victory tune, Go Cubs Go! became more popular among the fans. Due to the song's growing popularity, after wins at home, Cubs TV broadcasters Len Kasper and Bob Brenly would have their microphones shut off, while the camera pans around the stadium to view the jubilant fans as Go Cubs Go! plays in the background. After fans discovered this, they started purchasing "W" flags and waving them after wins at home as an attempt to get on TV. However, in seasons when the Cubs are performing poorly the tradition has led to parody and satire, such as stories of the Cubs retiring the win flag due to signs of neglect. While not having the popularity of the Win Flag, the Loss Flag has become increasingly popular with clubs who traditionally have rivalries with the Cubs, such as the St. Louis Cardinals, Milwaukee Brewers or Chicago White Sox. Fans of those teams wave the blue flag after their team defeats the Cubs at Busch Stadium or U.S. Cellular Field. Organizations such as the "Cubs Suck Club" provide links to download Loss Flags for printing and instructions on how to make printed flags more durable. However, because of the enormous fan base that the Cubs hold, it isn't un-common to see fans at games on the road waving their "W" flags during Cubs wins on the road. 
The flag is known by many names, with none being more prevalent than the rest, and may often be referred to by more than one name by the same manufacturer. "Chicago Cubs W Win Flag" is the name used on Amazon.com, however the company also refers to the flag as Chicago Cubs 'W' Banner Flag in their marketplace section. CubWorld.com also refers to the flag by the name Chicago Cubs 'W' Banner Flag. Other retailers use the names Cubs Win W Flag, Chicago Cubs Win 3' x 5' Flag, Cubs W Flag, or (Chicago Cubs) W Flag in the case of Sports Fan Warehouse. One retailer even sells an item called the Chicago Cubs W Fan Banner. Another retailer sells two versions of the flag listed as Chicago Cubs Win W Flag and Chicago Cubs Win Flag, yet its advertisements mentions celebrating a Cub win with the Chicago Cubs White "W" Flag. An alternate version that has the Chicago Cubs logo beneath the W can be found under the name Chicago Cubs Win W Banner.
History.
The Cubs' then-owner Philip K. Wrigley ordered the reconstruction of the bleachers and the building of the manually operated scoreboard in 1937. The scoreboard's "masthead" was in place by 1938, displaying the American flag at the top and flags representing the eight clubs of the National League on the left and right strands of the masthead, four apiece. In the 1940s, the practice of raising raising the Win/Loss flags was begun. 
The flags were originally a white "W" on a blue flag and a blue "L" on a white flag. This matched what was then the color scheme of the Cubs "team flags" that flew on the foul poles, and the many little "W.F." flags that flew on the grandstand roof (all of them serving to give the players a sense of the wind speed and direction). Ernie Banks was the first Cub to have his number retired on August 22, 1982, and his number 14 has been flown in blue on a white flag (echoing the pattern of a Cubs home uniform shirt) on the left field foul pole ever since. On August 13, 1987, Billy Williams had his number retired and it flew with the same color scheme, on the right field foul pole. The scheme of the Cubs Win flag was reversed in the early 1980s. The change in the flag color scheme matched the Win flag color with the honored colors of the retired number flags, as the white-on-blue Cubs "team flag" was retired. Subsequent retired Cubs numbers for Ron Santo, Ryne Sandberg and Ferguson Jenkins/Greg Maddux also match this color scheme.
In addition to the flags, Wrigley authorized Bill Veeck, the leader of the bleacher reconstruction project, to add colored lights on the crossbar of the masthead so that the Chicago 'L' passengers would be able to see the outcome of Cubs home games after sunset. In his autobiography, Veeck remembered the colors as green for a win and red for a loss. Hartell's book acknowledges Veeck's comments, but reports that contemporary newspapers stated that the colors of the lights were blue and white, as they are now. Eventually the original lights on the masthead were replaced by lights directly on the top of scoreboard, still visible from outside Wrigley field. The lights complement the flags by helping night time passersby learn the result of that day's Cubs game at a glance. The current blue and white Win/Loss lights were added atop the scoreboard in 1978.
On April 23, 2008 the Cubs won for the 10,000th time in the history of the franchise on the road against the Colorado Rockies. Like the 9,000th win, the 10,000th win came in a 7–6 victory at Coors Field. The Cubs were the second franchise to achieve 10,000 regular season wins; the San Francisco Giants/New York Giants were the first. The franchise flew a special 10,000th win flag along with a Cubs Win flag to commemorate the landmark achievement for the franchise. This was unusual not just for the 10,000th win, but also for flying the flag in reference to a road game. The special flag flew from the afternoon of April 24, 2008 until immediately prior to the next home game on April 29, 2008 at 7:05pm against the Milwaukee Brewers. After the flag was taken down, it was autographed by all members of the 2008 Chicago Cubs and auctioned off for charity.

</doc>
<doc id="19431394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431394" title="Jean-Jacques Guyon">
Jean-Jacques Guyon

Jean-Jacques Guyon (born 1 December 1932) is a French equestrian and Olympic champion. He won an individual gold medal in eventing at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="19431459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431459" title="Winter cereal">
Winter cereal

Winter cereals, also called winter grains, fall cereals/grains, autumn-sown grains, etc.) are the cereals which are sown in the autumn. They germinate before the winter comes, may partially grow during mild winters or simply persevere under a sufficiently thick snow cover to continue their life cycle in spring. They are harvested earlier than the spring-sown grains of the same type. 
In general, winter cereals have a much higher yield than spring cereals because they can utilise snow as moisture for growth.
Winter forms are known for rye (winter rye/fall rye), wheat (winter wheat/fall wheat), barley (winter barley/fall barley) and triticale (winter triticale).

</doc>
<doc id="19431497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431497" title="Petrus Kastenman">
Petrus Kastenman

Lars Petrus Ragnar Kastenman (15 August 1924 – 10 June 2013 was a Swedish equestrian and Olympic champion. He won an individual gold medal in "eventing" at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.
Kastenman was born in Bälinge, Nyköping, Södermanland. His career began at the age of 17, when he enlisted at K1 in Stockholm. From there, he was transferred to Skövde in 1949. In 1969, his family moved to Borgunda, where he built a championship eventing course. During the 1970s and 1980s, he was the national coach for juniors, young riders and pony riders, and also coach of the Norwegian and the Finnish national teams. At one time, he coached five different teams. In his later years, he lived in a retirement home in Stenstorp, where he died on 10 June 2013 at the age of 88. His surviving next of kin, are his 2 children Björn and Mimmi Kastenman and has 5 grandsons and 1 great-granddaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19431498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431498" title="Elmira Coca-Cola Bottling Company Works">
Elmira Coca-Cola Bottling Company Works

The Elmira Coca-Cola Bottling Company Works is located at 415 West Second Street, Elmira, New York. It was built in 1939 in the Art Moderne style. The building was designed by architect Lucius Read White, Jr. The structure is significant for its architecture and its role in industry, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
The building is no longer a bottling plant and now used by G. O. Wick, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19431515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431515" title="David Garibaldi">
David Garibaldi

David Garibaldi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19431530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431530" title="Cedar Grove OnStage">
Cedar Grove OnStage

Cedar Grove OnStage is an Asian Pacific American theatre arts organization established in 2006, based in Los Angeles, co-founded by playwright Tim Toyama and actor/director Chris Tashima who serves as Artistic Director. It is a division of the entertainment company, Cedar Grove Productions and their focus is to develop, produce and present new and original Asian American theatre works.
Background.
Media company.
In 1996 the independent media company Cedar Grove Productions was formed to produce the short film, "Visas and Virtue" (1997). The story focused on Holocaust rescuer Chiune “Sempo” Sugihara and the film won the Academy Award for Live Action Short Film at the 70th Academy Awards. The company takes its name from the literal translation of "Sugihara": "sugi" () meaning cedar, and "hara" () meaning field or grove.
Theatre.
Cedar Grove OnStage formed in 2006 when Cedar Grove Productions was invited to join the "Cultural Roundtable" at THE "NEW" LATC, a multicultural theatre arts consortium led by the Latino Theatre Company operating out of the Los Angeles Theatre Center facilities in downtown Los Angeles. The Latino Theatre Company formed the Cultural Roundtable to create culturally diverse programming for the City of Los Angeles. Performance groups belonging to the Cultural Roundtable include Cedar Grove OnStage, Culture Clash, Latino Theater Company, Playwrights' Arena, Robey Theatre Company, and American Indian Dance Theatre/Project HOOP.
Mission statement.
"To entertain, enrich and enlighten, through the sharing of Asian Pacific American art, culture and history, broadening perspectives of the American experience and empowering our community. By examining and preserving through theatre arts, the rich culture and history of Asian Pacific Americans, we can come to an understanding and appreciation of our past, which informs and shapes our present and future."

</doc>
<doc id="19431540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431540" title="Shisler Avenue (SEPTA Route 102 station)">
Shisler Avenue (SEPTA Route 102 station)

Shisler Avenue is a former stop on the SEPTA Route 102 (Sharon Hill) trolley in Aldan, Pennsylvania. It is officially located at Woodlawn & Shishler Avenues. Because trolleys travel in the middle of the street at this stop, there are no sheds or platforms. Parking is not available and commuters must wait on the sidewalks for trolleys. Shisler Avenue itself is a narrow dead-end street with a western terminus at a neighborhood youth baseball field. At the intersection with Woodlawn Avenue it is opposite another athletic field owned by a local school.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania. Shisler Avenue was the northernmost stop for the Route 102 line along Woodlawn Avenue before reaching Springfield Road and the Clifton-Aldan regional railroad station along the Media/Elwyn Line.
As of March 15, 2010, SEPTA has discontinued servicing this stop on the 102 trolley route. Customers are instructed to use Springfield Road or Providence Road for Route 102 service to Sharon Hill or 69th Street Terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="19431552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431552" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T52">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T52

The Men's 400m T52 had its First Round held on September 11 at 20:35 and its Final on September 12 at 20:17.

</doc>
<doc id="19431562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431562" title="Harry Wrightson">
Harry Wrightson

Harry Wrightson (1874 – 29 January 1919) was a British Conservative politician. He was elected Member of Parliament for Leyton West in 1918 General Election, but died before Parliament met. 
Wrightson was born in 1874, the son of the Reverend W.G. Wrightson, of Hurworth-on-Tees. During the First World War he served as Lieutenant-Colonel in the Essex Royal Army Service Corps. 
He was elected Conservative MP for Leyton West in the 1918 UK General Election. Within days of the declaration, Wrightson contracted influenza, which deteriorated to pneumonia, and he died early in 1919, aged 44, six days before the new Parliament met. It is likely he was a victim of the Spanish Flu pandemic.
He thus became one of only a handful of elected British MPs never to have taken their seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19431564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431564" title="John Stefero">
John Stefero

John Robert Stefero (born September 22, 1959 in Sumter, South Carolina) is a former Major League Baseball catcher. He played parts of three seasons in the majors between and for the Baltimore Orioles and the Montreal Expos. His listed height is 5'8" tall, and attended Motlow State Community College in Tullahoma, Tennessee.
John Stefero's major league career included just 79 games in three seasons. The catcher hit three home runs in his career and drove in a total of 20 runs.
Stefero helped to cap an Oriole comeback on September 18, 1983. Eddie Murray hit a grand slam off Pete Ladd in a six-run eighth inning. The Orioles had been trailing 7-0. The Orioles won the game when Stefero connected on a single in the ninth inning.
Stefero has worked at Brown's Automotive Group in Glen Burnie, Maryland since his retirement as an active player in 1990. He is currently its President/General Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19431600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431600" title="Winifred Watson">
Winifred Watson

Winifred Eileen Watson (20 October 1906 - 5 August 2002) was an English writer. She is best known for her novel, "Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day", which was adapted into a major motion picture of the same name.
Biography.
Winifred Watson was born at Whitley Bay near Newcastle and educated at St Ronan's, a boarding school at Berwick-upon-Tweed. She lived most of her life in Newcastle upon Tyne. Although she was expected to attend university, as had her sisters, she was unable due to the impact of the Depression on her father's shoe business. She began working as a typist to help support the family. Winifred once said: "The person I worked for never gave me any work until the afternoon -- he told me to bring some knitting in. So I wrote the whole book in the office."
Her first novel, "Fell Top", was written in part as a result of a dare from her brother-in-law after she remarked that what she was reading was rubbish and could do better herself. After finishing "Fell Top", she put the manuscript away and did not attempt to publish until years later when her sister saw an advertisement from a publisher. The publisher, Methuen, accepted "Fell Top" which was published in 1935, and asked if there were any more manuscripts. Reviewers were impressed with "Fell Top" and it was adapted into a BBC radio play. ("Fell Top" was the kind of rustic novel that Stella Gibbons caricatured in her novel, "Cold Comfort Farm".) Her second novel, "Odd Shoes" was published in 1936. 
With the exception of "Miss Pettigrew", all of Watson's novels are set in the countryside. "Miss Pettigrew Lives For A Day", was Watson's third novel and was initially rejected. Watson had wanted to write a fun story after her work on two dramas. She and her publisher compromised and she agreed to write another drama set in the country similar to her previous work ("Upyonder", published in 1938) if they would publish "Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day". As Ms. Watson predicted, "Miss Pettigrew" was an immediate success—in England, Australia and the United States. It was translated and published in France, and was about to be printed in Germany when World War II started. A musical film version was planned, starring Billie Burke as Miss Pettigrew, but Pearl Harbor put paid to that. "I wish the Japanese had waited six months," Watson said 60 years later.
Watson married Leslie Pickering, manager of a local timber firm, in January 1936. They had one son, Keith, born in 1941, who survived the Blitz by pure chance. Watson had put him upstairs but he was fussy so she brought him downstairs. A bomb destroyed the house next door and the fireplace was blown onto his cot. Being downstairs, he survived. After the bombing, she, her mother and the family next door moved in with Watson's in-laws. She stated it was these circumstances that made it impossible to write: "I just quit. It became impossible to write in a strange house with only one room for us all and my mother living with us, too. All my creative energy went into Keith." Other times, however, she said she had written all she wanted to write. She published her sixth and final novel, "Leave and Bequeath", in 1943.
Persephone Books published "Miss Pettigrew Lives For A Day" first in 2001, then in 2003, 2004, and 2005, and finally as a Persephone Classic in 2008 with a preface by Henrietta Twycross-Martin. The film version of "Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day" was released in 2008 with Frances McDormand in the lead role and Amy Adams as Delysia LaFosse.
She died in Newcastle upon Tyne on August 5, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19431604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431604" title="Eily Malyon">
Eily Malyon

Eily Malyon (30 October 1879 -26 September 1961) was an English character actress in the 1930s and 1940s.
Born as Eily Sophie Lees-Craston in London in 1879. Her mother, Agnes Thomas, was also an actress. Malyon specialised in playing schoolteachers, maids, nurses, nuns, governesses and spinsters, usually in melodramas, historical dramas and thrillers.

</doc>
<doc id="19431632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431632" title="The Mole (Australia season 2)">
The Mole (Australia season 2)

The second season of the Australian version of The Mole originally aired from 21 February 2001 to 25 April 2001. It took place in Victoria and was hosted by Grant Bowler.
Show Details.
Unlike any other season of "The Mole" anywhere in the world, this one began with sixteen players in the first episode, which were whittled to ten in what was referred to as the last step in the audition process. The maximum prize to be won in this season was $200,000. Filming took place throughout November and December in late 2000.
More than 5,000 people auditioned to be on the show. These are the sixteen who started episode one:
Episodes.
Episode 1.
Hotel Huntdown: The players were split into four teams of four and started in Brisbane, Sydney, Canberra, and Hobart. The groups' assignments was to get to a hotel in Melbourne by 4:00 PM. They were given $500 each, and may not use more than the budget. They were also to use at least 5 methods of transportation, and each must take them at least 1 kilometer. If the players broke any of the rules or failed to make it to the hotel, the entire group was eliminated. All four quartets made it to the hotel in time.
Pre-Elimination: During the first assignment, the players were given dossier cards about the players that are not in their group, and were encouraged to try to find out the same information from their group mates. Once at the hotel, everyone who made it took a computer test based on general knowledge about all sixteen people. The top ten scorers advanced to the main part of the game.
Assault Course: The ten players who survived the first elimination were flown by helicopter to HMAS Cerberus and told, for $10,000, to complete a Naval training assault course. There were nine obstacles on the course, which would take a fit person 20 minutes to complete. The group was given 40 minutes for all of them to complete it. For each obstacle they refused or failed, they'd lose two minutes off the time limit. Though they inadvertently ran around one obstacle and had to double back on it, they successfully completed the course in time and won the money.
Episode 2.
Tour Guides: Immediately after the Assault Course, the group selected Fiona and Shane as the two players who they thought were most handy at spinning a yarn. The two of them were taken to Melbourne, and given the assignment of posing as guides on a tour bus, and lying to 26 complete strangers. They had to two boldfaced lies and be believed, and tell two jokes, getting a laugh from each. Shane tried to lie first, but told an unbelievable, absurd, and overly detailed story. Fiona then managed to tell outrageous lies that were counted. Shane next tried a joke, but since he asked the tourists to laugh, it was disallowed. They then each managed to tell a joke that got at least someone in their group to laugh. At the end of the trip, each tourist was presented a survey form, and to win the $5,000, each of them had to grade Fiona and Shane's job as tour guides either "excellent" or "very good." They received nine "very good" and seventeen "excellent" ratings, winning the money.
Time Bomb: The other eight players were taken to Fort Nepean, a mostly idle old fort with lots of tunnels, gun emplacements, ammunition stores, lookout points, and bunkers. In one bunker was a time bomb. The host told the players to pick two of them who were comfortable in confined spaces. These two were John and Michael, who were put into the bunker with the time bomb and told that to defuse it, they must cut four differently coloured wires in the correct sequence. The other six split up to look for four brainteaser puzzles placed at the fort. The correct answer to each corresponded to a colour, which they were to then give to John and Michael. If they solved all four puzzles, they'd have the correct wires and the bomb could be defused, adding $10,000 to the kitty. The others all found their puzzles and retrieved a coloured disc corresponding to the correct wire to cut, but Hal and Helen never actually found theirs and simply picked a piece of coloured wire up off the ground, thinking it was what they were sent to find. John and Michael ultimately cut orange, pink, purple and yellow wires in succession, and the timer did not stop. An explosion of smoke signified their failure. Afterward, the host informed them that the answer was in front of John and Michael the whole time - the manufacturer name on the bomb canister was PYRO Explosives, Inc. - that's pink, yellow, red, and orange wires in succession.
Underwater Keys: The group was told to select someone to have a chance at a free pass through to the next episode. On a random draw, Shane was selected. On a pier, there were stacked four blue lockers and six red ones. If Shane dived underwater and retrieved a key that opened a red box, he'd win his free pass. If it opened a blue box, the group would win $5,000. Ten keys were thrown into the water near the pier, and the team was given the opportunity to, one at a time, retrieve one key apiece to try to themselves open red boxes to reduce the odds of Shane retrieving a key to open one of them. Shane could only go for his key when the other nine decided it was time. Helen, Brooke, Michael, Mal, and John dived before Shane and retrieved four keys opening red boxes and one opening a blue, meaning Shane had two chances to win a free pass and three to add $5,000 to the kitty. Despite the odds being against him, Shane retrieved a key that opened a red box, meaning no money was won and he got his free pass.
Episode 3.
Night Maze: Immediately after the previous episode's elimination, the remaining nine players were taken to a colossal hedge maze, in the dead of night. A crane was rigged with military-caliber night vision cameras 50 meters above the maze, to give a bird's-eye view. The players divided themselves into three groups of three, with one player running in the maze and the other two guiding them. Amid three opportunities in the maze, the players had to retrieve two of four light beacons while evading a hunter, all easily visible from the crane camera. Michael ran first, but was tagged by the hunter while carrying a beacon, putting it out of play. Shane then ran, and successfully retrieved a beacon. The last runner was Hal, who got to a beacon, but was tagged before he could exit the maze, meaning the assignment was lost.
Fugitive Pursuit: The players met for breakfast, and on the table was a sealed note instructing whoever picked it up to immediately leave for an assignment. This was Brooke, who was told to drive to downtown Melbourne to act as a fugitive from her teammates. She had to carry a limbless mannequin with her at all times, stay within the shaded area on a map she was provided, and she was told not to enter any buildings. The others, upon finishing their breakfast, were told to select four players to chase her. These were Fiona, Hal, John, and Michael, and they were taken to Melbourne and told to find her, for $10,000. If Brooke evaded detection from the others for one hour, she'd win a free pass through to the next episode and the others would win no money. There was one twist - the players in pursuit of Brooke were given two-way radios to communicate with each other, but what they didn't know was that Brooke had one as well, and she could hear everything they were saying. The pursuers had to follow the traffic rules at all times, whilst Brooke did not have to. Nonetheless, the others found her after about 45 minutes, winning the money and denying her free pass.
Mannequin Dress-Up: The other four, Angela, Emily, Mal, and Shane, were split into duos with Angela and Shane heading off to a different location while Emily and Mal were given the players' luggage and told to select for each player a complete outfit, with five items of clothing. Later on, Angela and Shane were presented with nine mannequins, each corresponding to a member of the team, and told to dress them with the clothes Emily and Mal had selected. They were allowed to make ten mistakes. All nine players later reunited to inspect their own mannequins and tell what clothes weren't theirs. If Angela and Shane made ten or fewer mistakes, $5,000 would be won, but they wound up making eleven, including putting four or six articles of clothing on certain mannequins, putting men's clothing on mannequins representing women, and not noticing that the socks they put on Hal actually had John's name on them.
Episode 4.
Hostage Rescue: The host met the players at their breakfast table and asked for two players who were good at reading maps. The group chose Mal and Michael, who were taken away to be hostages that the others would have to rescue. They were blindfolded and taken to a wine cellar somewhere in the wine country of Victoria's Yarra Valley. They only clue they had to their whereabouts was a map, but the map was only physical - it had no names of towns or roads. The extra added twist was that the map was upside-down as Mal and Michael looked at it. They were able to contact the other six, who were divided into two groups of three and taken, themselves blindfolded, to two undisclosed locations for their starting points in the assignment. One of the groups of three was to travel by air in a helicopter to get to Mal and Michael's location and the other by car. Michael discerned that the map was upside-down, and they eventually figured out where they were, but the car team didn't arrive to Mal and Michael within the assignment's one hour time limit, so the $10,000 on offer was not won.
Predictions: After selecting Hal and Mal as the group's two most competitive players, the other six were paired up to play sports against one another (fencing, croquet, and canoeing), with the loser having to serve the winner dinner that night. Unbeknownst to them, Hal and Mal's assignment was to watch them and predict the outcomes of each game. They had to pick two winners out of three to win the money. They selected Brooke to defeat Emily in fencing, Michael to defeat Shane in canoeing, and Fiona to defeat Angela in croquet. Michael indeed defeated Shane, and Brooke won her sport as well, so the $5,000 was won. The host then offered Hal and Mal double or nothing on the outcome of the croquet game, which they had said was the hardest to predict. They passed, deciding to keep the $5,000 safe, and the host subsequently offered triple or nothing. They passed again, and Angela wound up winning the croquet match, so their decision was the correct one.
Robbery Game: After dinner, the host asked for the player who would make the best police officer. The group chose Fiona, who was given some training by a private investigator. The next afternoon, at a party, the other seven were to try to commit the perfect crime, and steal an object of value, placed in plain sight during the party. After they'd done so, Fiona was brought in to act as a police detective and try to find out which of her teammates had, or at one time handled, the object. If she guessed right, she'd win a free pass through to the next episode, but if she guessed wrong, the group would win $10,000. The group's diversionary tactic to gather in front of the object, which had been placed on a mantle, and stay there for several moments as the party's twenty genuine guests took photos of them. After they dispersed, the host announced to everyone that a crime had been committed and a police detective was on the way. Fiona viewed footage of the party and interviewed several of her suspects, eventually accusing Mal. What the seven players didn't know was that the object had been treated with a powder that was only visible under ultraviolet light, and if any of them had touched it, their hands would show the powder under that light. Mal put his hands under the light, but they had no powder on them, so the $10,000 was won. The heist had been achieved by Emily grabbing the object off the mantle, as she hid behind the group's two physically largest members Mal and Michael, and slipping it into Shane's trouser pocket without him touching it.
Episode 5.
Sovereign Hill: The players were taken to the gold rush town of Sovereign Hill and told to select the one among them who would most enjoy dressing up in period costume. Mal was chosen, and he was told to disguise himself in such a way that the players would not be able to recognize him. He had all the costumes and makeup from Sovereign Hill at his disposal. Mal arranged to have as many people as possible around him, and discovered an actor on site that greatly resembled him. He lent the actor some of his jewellery and shaved off his distinctive goatee to try to complete the misdirection. The others had five minutes to gaze out from a height upon the main square in Sovereign Hill, where they were told Mal was hiding. If they found him, they'd add $5,000 to the kitty, but if they chose someone thinking it was Mal and it wasn't, or ran out of time, they'd win nothing and Mal would win a free pass through to the next episode. The players thought they'd found him just as their time ran out, but they were incorrect in their guess. Mal had in fact not dressed in period costume at all - he had posed as a cameraman.
Search and Rescue: Immediately after the previous assignment, Hal and Shane were chosen as two people who'd like to spend the night together. They were taken into the wilderness of Grampians National Park, to a gully deep inside a gorge, left there to be rescued by the other five players. If they were found within two and a half hours of the assignment's beginning, the group would win $10,000, but if they weren't, Hal and Shane really would spend the night together, outdoors with nothing. The others were brought to the park some time later and given all the resources that would be available to park rangers on search and rescue missions. Their plan was for Fiona to search the area in a helicopter and guide the others by radio to Hal and Shane's car. Brooke and Michael came very close to Hal and Shane, such that they should have been able to hear Hal and Shane shouting for them, but they did not find them within the time limit, so no money was won and Hal and Shane were forced to rough it for a night.
Art Test: The next morning, the seven players were reunited, and they were told to pick two players with creativity and artistic flair. These were Brooke and Fiona, who were taken to an art gallery and given access to supplies and a studio in order to create their own work of modern art. Once finished, their piece would be installed in the gallery. A member of the public was then to be brought into the gallery to try to pick out the amateur work, and if Brooke and Fiona managed to fool this member of the public, they'd win $5,000. The member of the public picked out a professionally-designed piece, and the money was won. Brooke and Fiona then had the chance to earn another $5,000 if their five teammates could correctly identify their piece. This part of the assignment was also successfully won.
Episode 6.
Fortress Test: The players drove out to an isolated homestead in the countryside and told to fortify it in an attempt to protect a large glass bowl full of water. They were told a group of attackers would come sometime that night and try to destroy the bowl. If they could protect it until 2:00 AM the next morning, they'd win $10,000. They were given tools to fortify the doors and windows of the homestead, paintball guns to tag and eliminate their attackers, bodily protective gear, night vision goggles, radios, a searchlight, and the help of a professional armourer. They were not told how many attackers they would face. Brooke patrolled the front of the homestead, with Michael in the rear, Mal the last line of defence in front of the bowl itself, and Hal, Shane, and Emily as snipers in the home's second storey. After a couple of bluffs earlier in the evening, the attackers struck for real at midnight, and broke in through the rear of the house, easily overwhelming Mal on the inside and destroying the bowl. They had planted time-delay flash bombs out front, which drew the players' attention to the wrong area.
Naughts and Crosses: The players were taken to a farm in Smeaton the next day to compete against a farmer in a game of naughts and crosses, played with live sheep, which had red X's and green O's spray-painted on them. If they could beat the farmer within one hour, they'd win $5,000, but if the farmer won a game first or time ran out without anyone winning a game, they'd miss out on the money. The RSPCA Australia was on hand to ensure the sheep were not mistreated, and if the players mishandled a sheep, such as by grabbing it by the legs, the game would immediately be over and they'd be penalized $5,000. After one draw game, the players successfully outmanoeuvred the farmer and won the $5,000.
Extortion: The group chose Hal and Michael as the two among them who are fierce negotiators. The two of them were given a briefcase, as was the group of four. The assignment, for $10,000, was for them to swap briefcases, but if Hal and Michael could avoid being photographed by the other four before the swap took place, they'd both win a free pass through to the next episode. The exchange was to take place at Ballarat town hall. Both groups had mobile phones, and Michael directed the group to come to Ballarat town hall and wait at the cashier's desk, where they could see them enter on surveillance cameras. The group of four had, in their efforts to deny Hal and Michael the free pass, brought a similar-looking case with them to substitute for the case they were given. They saw the security cameras inside Ballarat town hall and figured out that they were being watched. After an employee directed the four to the security area of the town hall, Shane photographed Hal and Michael to deny the free passes. But the players needed only to exchange briefcases to win the $10,000, so the group of four hurriedly retrieved their real briefcase from where they'd stashed it, and narrowly managed to swap inside the time limit.
Episode 7.
Sniper Test: Immediately following the previous episode's elimination, each remaining player was handed an envelope containing a piece of paper. One was marked, and this was Brooke's. The players were taken to an abandoned town called Paterson's Ridge, and Brooke was locked in the village jail. The assignment for the other four was to rescue her, to make it to the jail, unlock Brooke from her cell, and take her to the railway station where the host was waiting. There were two snipers in the little town, armed with laser guns that, if they successfully shot any player, would eliminate them from the game. At least one player had to be with Brooke at the railway station within one hour to win $10,000. Brooke was given a gun herself and told that if she shot and eliminated whatever compatriots made it with her to the railway station, the group would win nothing but she'd win a free pass through to the next episode. The other players were unarmed, but given radios and a map of the village. Mal and Hal were quickly eliminated, but Emily made it to the jail and freed Brooke. Brooke was then able to eliminate one of the snipers, and the three remaining players gathered in a building adjacent to the railway station. Emily sacrificed herself to draw fire away from Michael and Brooke, who arrived safely at the railway station. Brooke then shot Michael to earn her free pass and deny the group any winnings.
Blacked-Out Driving Test: The next day, the players were taken to Clunes, and the entire town was blocked off by police for their presence. A car had had its windows completely blacked out, with a camera mounted on the hood. The assignment was for the three players best at giving directions to watch the feed that that camera gave and guide the player most recently licensed to drive, Emily, through the town to town hall where the odd man out, Hal, was waiting. If she was able to pick Hal up and drive the car back to its starting point within thirty minutes, while making no more than four driving mistakes, the group would win $10,000. Emily made two mistakes almost immediately after beginning (failure to look behind and failure to indicate), and two more right as she reached Hal (driving off the road and reversing without looking behind). She made it back to the start point in time, but on the way, she drove on the wrong side of the road, so the assignment was lost.
Cheating Temptation: Each player was called for an interview, during which the host left to apparently attend to a production matter. He left behind a fake production notebook, and though it seemed the cameras all left the room with the host, a small spy cam stayed behind to see if the players took the bait (they'd signed contracts promising not to cheat in their time on the show, which specifically included reading production paperwork). Each player that resisted the temptation would win $5,000 for the kitty, but each one that succumbed to that temptation would cost the group $5,000 from the kitty. Only Brooke and Michael kept themselves from looking, so $5,000 was lost.
Episode 8.
Two-Up Dares: The players were each required to complete one of four tasks. The game of Two-up determined their tasks. Heads was the easier task, and tails the harder task, as well as the more stressful. One-by-one, the players were asked to choose and envelope. Then, they threw the coins into the air. Whatever the coins landed on determined the task. All four players had to complete their tasks to win. The tasks were:
1A. Heads - Paint your face<br>
1B. - Paint your entire body ()
2A. Heads - Dye your hair (Hal)<br>
2B. - Shave your entire head
3A. Heads - Pierce your eyebrow (Mal)<br>
3B. - Get a permanent tattoo
4. The Trio Task (Brooke: 1A, 2A, and 3A)
Brooke, Hal, and Michael completed their tasks without hesitating. However, Mal was reluctant as he is afraid of needles. Nevertheless, he completed his task too, and the money was won.
Hitchcock Hotel: The players were locked into 4 different rooms and had to escape with a name (Alfred Hitchcock). Inside each room was a safe and a mobile phone with each of the player's numbers on it. Also in the rooms were different clues - an exercise bicycle in Michael's room, a video tape inside a VCR in Mal's, a safe combination on a shower screen in Brooke's, and pieces of paper with writing in Hal's. Hal's room was completely void of light, yet that room contained the keys to open that room's door. If the players figured out the name and escape on time, they would win. They easily discerned the name they were supposed to give the host upon escaping (the clues that led to their escape centered around Hitchcock films, and every room in the hotel was named for a Hitchcock film), but were a few minutes outside of their hour time limit in getting out, so nothing was won.
Quad Puzzle: The players were split into 3 groups: a timekeeper (Brooke), two flag retrievers (Hal and Michael), and a time replenisher (Mal). The flag retrievers job was to cross a ravine using 2 boards and the stools on the ravine to make it to the flags. They must also make it back to the other side in time. The timekeeper was to watch the timer, which was a liquid dispenser filled with blue-dyed water. If the water ceased to flow, the assignment was over. The time replenisher's job was to ride a quad bike through the forest until he reached some jugs. The jugs varied in amounts of water, and only one jug was allowed to be brought back per trip. If the flag retrievers made it to the other side before time is up, the players would win $10,000. Despite the fact that Mal brought back the smallest jugs he could have taken, Hal and Michael narrowly made it to the flags and back in time, winning the money.
Episode 9.
Wingover Aeroplane: Each of the players was to take the controls of an plane, and perform a manoeuvre called a wingover. However, only the first person was taught by an instructor, Hal. The other two were to be taught by the person before, Michael then Brooke in succession. All three had to perform the stunt, and be passed by the instructor. If the plane went out of control, the instructor took over the and assignment was lost. Hal performed well by the instructor's standards, and so did Michael. Brooke was frightened to even attempt the assignment, but the instructor passed her attempt as well, so the money was won. Ironically, Brooke performed the wingover better than Hal or Michael.
Kayak Travelling: The players were to travel 12 kilometres by kayak, which was paddled behind a speedboat, within three hours. One player was to be in the kayak at all times, and the players were allowed to switch off. It would take an experienced kayaker two hours to make the journey. Of the three, only Michael had any real experience in deep-water kayaking, but they managed to make it to their final destination in Queenscliff in time.
Three Questions: The last assignment took place at Fort Queenscliff, just across the water from Fort Nepean, the site of one of their first assignments. One at a time, each player was sequestered within the fort and given three questions to answer. These questions were all about morals and honesty, with the answers being the other two players, questions such as "Who is more likely to return change to a shopkeeper - Michael or Brooke?" The task for the other two players was finding the third, based on their predicted answers to the questions. Each question took them on a path to a door somewhere on the site, and no routes overlapped, so they would only reach the sequestered player at the end of their path if they answered all three questions correctly. For each player that was found, $5,000 would be won for the kitty, but if they were not found, $5,000 would be lost from the kitty. Hal was found in the first round, but Michael and Brooke were not, so there was a net loss of $5,000 for the assignment.
The final computer test took place on a train. Brooke, Hal, and Michael were each locked into a compartment, and when the train stopped, the host unlocked one door, the winner's door. Brooke emerged as the winner of $100,000. The host then told her to unlock the Mole's door, and she opened Michael's compartment, unmasking him as the Mole.
The Mole: How You Could Have Known.
The following week, a full episode was devoted to the reunion of the players. As had been in the case in the first season, only the final three players knew which of them was the Mole and which the winner of the group kitty when they all met up to watch the previous episode on TV. It was also revealed who each eliminated contestant suspected was the Mole at the time of their elimination:
It was revealed that after the Robbery Game in episode 4, Emily, Hal, and Shane had entered into an agreement that if one of them won the group kitty, $20,000 would be given to each of the other two, as long as none of them was the Mole. Emily and Shane had five months to wait to find out that they had lost out on the money along with Hal. It was also revealed that when Fiona went home after her elimination, she discovered that she'd been pregnant while she was on the show. Hal and Brooke both knew the Mole was Michael at the end, but Brooke had been on to him almost from the beginning, whereas Hal only suspected Michael after Shane and Emily were eliminated.
Mole Activity.
Sabotage.
The following acts of sabotage were revealed in the final episode:
Assault Course: Michael pretended to fumble with his harness after the zip line into the course, and also slipped out the words "Go around" as the ten of them were running that got everyone to skip an obstacle. The group still won this assignment, but it gave Michael a sense of what he could do to them.
Time Bomb: Michael purposely overlooked the clue in the bunker that gave him and John the order of wires to cut. John was convinced the solution was somewhere on the timer, so all Michael had to do was keep him from looking at the canisters.
Night Maze: Michael ran around slowly and aimlessly in the maze for a while, and only sped up when he saw the hunter behind him. He made a concerted effort to grab a beacon when it was a certainty that he'd be tagged.
Hostage Rescue: Michael tried to look like the hero in this assignment, noticing that the map was upside-down and giving directions for Mal to relay to Brooke in the helicopter. However, Mal made a mistake in what he told her (he said "Hillsview" in place of "Healesville") and Michael did not correct him, even though he knew the area quite well.
Search and Rescue: Michael heard Hal and Shane off to his left whistling and shouting, but he pointed Brooke to the right. When it became clear that he and Brooke were walking the wrong direction, they doubled back, but Michael only stopped when they were next to running water, which made it harder to hear Hal and Shane.
Fortress Test: Michael, a builder, could have easily put much stronger fortification on the homestead. Michael was also the one patrolling the rear of the building, and that's where the attackers entered, without Michael so much as firing a shot.
Blacked-Out Driving Test: Michael subtly encouraged Mal and Brooke to tell Emily to simply back up when she drove off the road, and not first pan the camera back to look behind them.
Hitchcock Hotel: Michael waited over half an hour before he did any cycling on the exercise bike in his room, keeping Hal in pitch darkness for more than half the assignment. Also, although not shown on the final segment, Michael was the last person released from his room, and was slowest in getting out of the hotel, resulting in the assignment being failed.
Kayak Travelling: Michael paddled hard when the boat was in view, but when it wasn't, he simply stopped altogether.
The following acts of sabotage were spotted during the series, but not mentioned in the final episode:
Naughts and Crosses: Michael pretended to play around with the sheep as he was placing it into the grid, almost instantly costing the assignment.
Sniper Test: Michael was shot just before the end of the Sniper Test, resulting in the loss of $10,000.
Three Questions: Michael purposely answered some questions wrong in regards to Brooke about honesty and morality. This cost another $5,000.
Clues.
The following clues were revealed in the final episode:
The Dossiers: When the players were racing to get to the hotel in Melbourne in time, they stopped to photocopy the dossiers they'd been given. Michael's is the one that was shown being photocopied.
Michael's Reactions: Whenever the team won an assignment, Michael would simply stand stonefaced and not clap. Also, when Brooke shot him at the end of the Sniper Test, he told her "Thank you, thank you very much." What seemed like caustic sarcasm was actually an honest reaction - Brooke had just done his job for him.
Michael's Words: In a confession aired during the final computer test, Michael described his disdain for eliminations not in terms of fear of being eliminated, but only in terms of dreading watching someone else have to leave. This is because Michael knew all along that he was never going to be eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19431677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431677" title="Mohamed Dini Farah">
Mohamed Dini Farah

Mohamed Dini Farah (born 1943) is a Djiboutian politician. He is a former minister and President of the Parliamentary Group of the People's Rally for Progress (RPP), currently serving as a deputy in the National Assembly of Djibouti.
Farah was born in Tadjourah. He was Minister of the Civil Service and Administrative Reform from 8 June 1995 to 19 April 1997, then Minister of Public Works. Farah was elected to the National Assembly in the December 1997 parliamentary election as the second candidate on the joint candidate list of the RPP and the Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy (FRUD) in Tadjourah Region. Following this election, he was appointed as Minister of Justice, in charge of Human Rights, on 28 December 1997.
Farah was subsequently appointed as Minister of Health on 12 May 1999. He was re-elected in the January 2003 parliamentary election as the second candidate on the candidate list of the governing coalition, the Union for a Presidential Majority (UMP), in Tadjourah Region. In the National Assembly, he became the President of the RPP Parliamentary Group.
In addition to serving on the RPP Central Committee, Farah was elected to the RPP Executive Committee as the party's National Secretary for Youth on 3 July 2003. He is also Honorary President of the RPP National Youth League as of 2003.
In the February 2008 parliamentary election, Farah was the 13th candidate on the candidate list of the governing coalition, the Union for a Presidential Majority (UMP), in the District of Djibouti. He was re-elected to a seat, and after the election, he was appointed as President of the National Defense and Security Commission in the National Assembly on 25 February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19431681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431681" title="The Blakes">
The Blakes

The Blakes are an American indie rock band from Seattle, Washington. The band had several independent releases before signing to Seattle record label Light In The Attic, and then had two more studio releases: "The Blakes" LP and "Streets" EP. After that they had two more independent releases in 2009: "Lights On" EP and "Souvenir" LP.
Overview.
Prior to the band's conception, brothers Garnet and Snow Keim had busked around the country writing music in the late 1990s, ultimately leading them to Seattle, Washington. The band formed in 2001 when the Keim brothers met their future drummer, Bob Husak, in a local Seattle coffeehouse (Tully's). Named after a dream that bassist Snow Keim experienced involving an encounter with 18th-century English poet William Blake in a metal shop, The Blakes moved to Los Angeles and began their musical career, playing shows and living for nearly two years in a Days Inn Hotel. The band put out a string of self-released EPs and eventually moved back to Seattle. In 2005, The Blakes gained major exposure from their fourth release, "Little Whispers", when Seattle radio station KEXP began playing and promoting their music. In 2006, the band released their self-titled LP and toured extensively. In the following year, the band signed to Seattle independent record label Light In the Attic. In 2007 on their new label, the band released the "Streets" EP, and later remixed (Martin Feveyear) remastered and reissued "The Blakes" LP. 2007 and 2008 found the band touring internationally playing such prestigious venues as Le Bataclan and L'Olympia as well as international festivals Lollapalooza, Bumbershoot, Sasquatch, Eurockéennes, and more. In 2009, The Blakes released two more independent releases: "Lights On" EP (a limited run of hand silk screened cd's in jackets) and"Souvenir" LP composed of 17 songs quickly drew the attention of KEXP and received heavy rotation. At this time, the band embarked on a three-month tour of the US. Also in 2009, the Keim Brothers collaborated with producer Brian Brown and created the project BEADS. An acoustic, physchedelic pop record called "No One Knows". Much of 2010 was spent in studio, recording what was supposed to be a follow-up to "Souvenir". The record was called "Low Low", but after completion and a six-week US tour all but two songs were scrapped by the band: "Surf's Up" and "Sea Fishing". 2011 brought yet another BEADS record "Thin Air" the band's most extensive exploration of musical composition to date. Also, during this time the band signed a worldwide publishing contract with Memory Lane Music Group. The summer of 2011, the band again went into the studio writing, recording and producing for what will be The Blakes' "Art of Losses" LP, due out July 24, 2012.
Trivia.
The song "Commit" was featured on the third season How I Met Your Mother episode, Little Boys.
The Blakes appear in the film True Adolescents. In the film they are called The Effort and play the songs Streets and Circuits (which is an outtake from the Lights In the Attic release).
The song "Don't Bother Me" was featured on an episode of Beverly Hills, 90210.
The song "Modern MAN" was featured in the feature film Meet Bill 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19431692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431692" title="Eva Emery Dye">
Eva Emery Dye

Eva Emery Dye (1855–1947) was an American writer, historian, and prominent member of the Women's Suffrage movement. As the author of several historical novels, fictional yet thoroughly researched, she is credited with "romanticizing the historic West, turning it into a poetic epic of expanding civilization." Her best known work, "Conquest: The True Story of Lewis & Clark" (1902), is notable for being the first to present Sacagawea as a historically significant character in her own right.
Life and career.
Early life.
Born Eva Lucinda Emery, the daughter of Cyrus and Caroline Trafton Emery, in Prophetstown, Illinois, she first attracted notice at the age of fifteen, when she began writing poems under the pseudonym "Jennie Juniper". These works, published first in the local "Prophetstown Spike" then in other regional newspapers, fueled an ambition for intellectual achievement that was unsupported by her family. When her father opposed her seeking a college education, she worked as a school teacher and saved the funds to attend Oberlin College independently.
Graduating in 1882, Emery married Charles Henry Dye, a fellow Oberlin alumnus, that same year. Although she had been named Poet Laureate of her class, her writing career was dormant until 1890, when the Dyes made the decision to move to Oregon City, Oregon. Arriving the following year, the couple quickly rose to both wealth and local prominence, with Charles Dye prospering as a lawyer and real estate investor. Dye promptly began what would prove to be her life's work, the chronicling of the early history of the Pacific Northwest. As she later commented, "I began writing as soon as I reached this old and romantic historical city. I saw beautiful historical material lying around like nuggets." 
Literary career.
Writing in a style later described as "a curious blend of fact, fiction, biography, and romance," Dye first completed "McLoughlin and Old Oregon" (1900), a portrait of Doctor John McLoughlin 1784-1857, the former Chief Factor of the Columbia District and for years the "de facto" leader of the Oregon Country. While taking considerable liberties with its subject (including imagined scenes and invented dialogue), the work was nevertheless based upon considerable research, including extensive interviews with aged pioneers who had known McLoughlin personally. The book's popular success established Dye as an author, and contributed to the posthumous re-evaluation of McLoughlin's complex role in American history. Dye and her husband also interceded when McLoughlin's house in Oregon City was slated for destruction, leading the effort to purchase it and restore it as a museum in 1910. It is now part of the Fort Vancouver National Historic Site.
"Discovery" of Sacagawea.
Dye then began researching the Lewis and Clark Expedition, which had reached the Pacific Northwest in 1805. Her subsequent book "The Conquest" was loosely a joint biography of William Clark and his brother George Rogers Clark (who did not accompany the expedition), yet it was soon lauded for its vivid portrayal of a personage who had played only a minor role in earlier narratives.
Reliable historical information about Sacagawea is extremely limited; even the correct spelling of her name (Lewis and Clark rendered it eight different ways) and the date of her death are under dispute. As the Oregon History Project observes:
The Expedition journals make note of her service as an interpreter and mention that she pointed out familiar landmarks when they entered Shoshone territory. There is little evidence to suggest, however, that she acted as the Expedition’s guide beyond recognizing Bozeman Pass as a good place to cross the Continental Divide.
While her previous book included fictional stylistic elements but conformed on a narrative level to known facts, "The Conquest" was notably unfettered by adherence to the historical record. Dye's portrayal of Sacagawea ascribed to her imagined features (no portrait or description survives), and postulated that her role was integral to the expedition's success, to the extent that she should be commemorated equally with Lewis and Clark: 
Sacajawea's hair was neatly braided, her nose was fine and straight, and her skin pure copper like a statue in some Florentine gallery. Madonna of her race, she had led the way to a new time. To the hands of this girl, not yet eighteen, had been entrusted the key that unlocked the road to Asia...Some day, upon the Bozeman Pass, Sacajawea's statue will stand beside that of Clark. Some day where the rivers part, her laurels will view with those of Lewis. Across North America a Shoshone Indian princess touched hands with Jefferson, opening her country.
The book became an immediate popular success. As Dye herself recalled:
The world snatched at my heroine, Sacajawea...The beauty of that faithful Indian woman with her baby on her bak, leading those stalwart mountaineers and explorers through the strange land appealed to the world.
Suffrage.
The book's popularity also brought political ramifications. As Dye noted in her book, Sacagawea had been given a vote in a key decision of the expedition: whether or not to build Fort Clatsop and spend the winter on the Pacific coast. This led to "the Madonna of her race" being championed as a symbol of the burgeoning women's suffrage movement, which Dye enthusiastically supported. In keeping with her book's suggestion of a memorial to Sacagawea, a Statue Association was founded in Portland, Oregon, with Dye serving as its president. In this capacity she issued appeals to women's groups across the country, and coordinated the fundraising sale of commemorative "Sacajawea spoons" and "Sacajawea buttons."
In 1905 The National American Woman's Suffrage Association, convening in Portland, unveiled a statue by sculptor Alice Cooper of Denver. In her opening address, Susan B. Anthony remarked:
This is the first time in history that a statue has been erected in memory of a woman who accomplished patriotic deeds... This recognition of the assistance rendered by a woman in the discovery of this great section of the country is but the beginning of what is due...
Following the ceremony, Dye formally presented the statue to the soon-to-open Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition, where it was seen by an estimated three million visitors. It currently resides in Portland's Washington Park at .

</doc>
<doc id="19431741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431741" title="Róża Etkin-Moszkowska">
Róża Etkin-Moszkowska

Róża Etkin (Warsaw, 1908 – January 16, 1945), known after marriage as Róża Etkin-Moszkowska, was a Polish pianist. 
Etkin, who showed considerable talent early in life, was the youngest contestant at the inaugural Fryderyk Chopin Competition, where she was awarded the 3rd prize. She was a pupil of Aleksander Michałowski and Zbigniew Drzewiecki in Warsaw. During the early 1930s she settled in Berlin to study with Professor Moritz Mayer-Mahr. She developed a very large repertoire, including the late sonatas of Beethoven, the Rachmaninov concerti, the Goldberg Variations, Prokofiev's and Karol Szymanowski's works and Godowsky's arrangements of the Chopin Waltzes. She played a good deal of Chopin, and won critical approval for her performance of his first piano concerto (E minor, op. 11). She made several recordings, some produced under the Berlin Tri-Ergon label.
Etkin married Ryszard Moszkowski, brother of the composer Moritz Moszkowski. Both were murdered by German soldiers at the Żoliborz district in Warsaw. As the German army was retreating from Warsaw a soldier threw a live grenade into a shelter where they and several other people were taking refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="19431750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431750" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T53">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T53

The Men's 400m T53 had its First Round held on September 9 at 19:45 and its Final on September 11 at 18:42.

</doc>
<doc id="19431792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431792" title="Cultural Arts Center Carrollton">
Cultural Arts Center Carrollton

The Cultural Arts Center in Carrollton, Georgia is a structure located at 251 Alabama Street in the Square of Carrollton. The art center is owned and operated by the city of Carrollton. 
The facility has a 262-seat theatre, 4 classrooms, a chorus rehearsal room, a theatre rehearsal room, a lobby, a theatre, and of course a theatre stage. Each classroom contains roughly around forty chairs and two tables for a classroom setup, thirty to forty chairs with tables in a square for the board room setup, and five sixty inch table with five chairs and 2 six foot tables for the standard setup.
Athletic activities and art hosting.
The Center offers a variety of athletic activities and art hosting. The establishment offers many extra curricular activities such as cheerleading practice, plays, youth basketball, youth and adult boxing, spring track, as well as many soccer training camps and sports oriented festivals. The museum of cultural arts hosts amateur artwork from all over, including from students at the University of West Georgia. Artwork lines the walls of the establishment, some of which can be seen through the large glass windows out front.

</doc>
<doc id="19431847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431847" title="Jerusalem BMW attack">
Jerusalem BMW attack

The Jerusalem BMW attack was a terrorist attack which took place in Jerusalem, Israel on 22 September 2008 in which a Palestinian drove a BMW saloon car into a group of off-duty soldiers, injuring 19. According to Stratfor Global Intelligence analysts, this attack represents a new militant tactic which is less lethal but could prove more difficult to prevent than suicide bombings.
Background.
The attack was a third in a series of terrorist attacks involving a new tactic, using vehicles as weapons. The Jerusalem Post has termed them "ramming terror attacks." According to Stratfor Global Intelligence, "while not thus far as deadly as suicide bombing", this tactic could prove more difficult to prevent. No single group has claimed responsibility for the incidents.
On July 2, 2008, Husam Tayseer Dwayat, an Arab Israeli citizen from the Sur Baher neighborhood of East Jerusalem drove an earthmover along Jaffa Road in West Jerusalem, slamming into a bus and passing cars. Four people were killed and another 45 were injured.
Later that month, on July 22, 2008, Ghassan Abu Tir, from the Umm Tuba neighborhood of East Jerusalem, drove a front-loader into traffic on King David Street in West Jerusalem, slamming into a bus and passing cars. Sixteen people were injured.
The attack.
On 22 September 2008, the perpetrator, Qassem Mughrabi, a 19-year-old Palestinian resident of East Jerusalem's Jabal Mukaber neighborhood, drove a black BMW Saloon into a group of off-duty soldiers standing on a Jerusalem street.
Mughrabi was shot dead at the scene by off-duty soldier Lt. Elad Amar. Amar told Army Radio that the attacker "drove towards the soldiers at top speed, plowed onto the traffic island, ran over soldiers and civilians and then continued, ramming into a building. At that point I assessed that it was a terror attack and decided to neutralize the driver so that he wouldn't be able to reverse the car and continue the attack."
The perpetrator.
According to the Palestinian Ma'an news agency, Qassem Mughrabi was a member of Hamas. Mughrabi's family denied that the event was a terror attack. Mahmoud Mughrabi, Qassem's father, said his son did not have a driving license and apparently lost control of the car. "My son was murdered, they killed him. He did not carry out a terrorist attack. This was a car accident." However, police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said authorities were convinced the attack was politically motivated. "We're 100 percent sure ... he deliberately drove into people," Rosenfeld said.

</doc>
<doc id="19431869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431869" title="The Thumbs (Tasmania)">
The Thumbs (Tasmania)

The Thumbs is a small and jagged island, with three prominent spires and an area of , in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Tasman Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman Peninsula, and is in the Tasman National Park.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Common Diving-Petrel and Black-faced Cormorant. Australian Fur Seals use the island as a haul-out site. Together, The Thumbs and the nearby Hippolyte Rocks have been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area (IBA) because they support over 1% of the world population of Black-faced Cormorants.

</doc>
<doc id="19431922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431922" title="Pirsaat, Nəvahı">
Pirsaat, Nəvahı

Pirsaat is a village in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Nəvahı.

</doc>
<doc id="19431968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431968" title="La Malquerida">
La Malquerida

La Malquerida ("The Bad Mistress") is a Mexican film from 1949. It was directed by Emilio Fernández, and starred Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz.
Plot summary.
In the mess of El Soto live Raymunda (Dolores del Río) and her daughter, Acacia (Columba Domínguez). After she is widowed, Raymunda marries Esteban (Pedro Armendáriz). What Raymunda does not suspect is that a deep passion has arisen between Acacia and Esteban. The misfortune is that the men who approach Acacia have tragic destiny, and they call her ""La Malquerida"" (""The woman without love"").
Curiosities.
This movie ended the collaboration between Dolores del Río and Emilio Fernández (started seven years before with "Flor silvestre" and continued with "Maria Candelaria", in 1943, "Las Abandonadas" (1944) and "Bugambilia (1945)"), but catapulted the cinema of México onto the world stage.
External links.
La Malquerida[http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0041624/] on Internet Movie Data Base

</doc>
<doc id="19431982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431982" title="Henry Kater Peninsula">
Henry Kater Peninsula

The Henry Kater Peninsula () is a peninsula on northern Baffin Island, in Nunavut, Canada. It protrudes in an eastern direction into Davis Strait. It's bounded to the north by Arctic Harbour. Further north lies Clyde Inlet. Home Bay borders the peninsula to the south.
It is named after the English physicist, Henry Kater.
Geography.
The peninsula is long by - wide. Its highest point rises above sea level. At least between 34,000 and 10,000 BP, Henry Kater Peninsula was ice covered.
Population.
There are no permanent communities on Henry Kater Peninsula, though Wenzel noted some Inuit maintained fixed winter residences in villages on the peninsula during the mid 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19431991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19431991" title="Pirsaat, Hajigabul">
Pirsaat, Hajigabul

Pirsaat is a village in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19432011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432011" title="O'Sullivan Army Heliport">
O'Sullivan Army Heliport

O'Sullivan Army Heliport is a U.S. Army heliport at Camp San Luis Obispo in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States. It is located just off California State Route 1, northwest of the city of San Luis Obispo, about halfway between it and Morro Bay. O'Sullivan AHP has one helipad designated H1 with a 2,430 by 75 ft (741 by 23 m) asphalt surface.

</doc>
<doc id="19432033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432033" title="Harry Monty">
Harry Monty

Harry Monty, born Hymie Liechtenstein, (April 15, 1904 - December 28, 1999) was a little person actor and stuntperson, whose most notable roles were as a Munchkin and a Winged Monkey in the "Wizard of Oz".
Professional career.
Film.
Monty began his career on Vaudville, and appeared in various films from the 1930s to the 1970s, often uncredited. He appeared in "Wizard of Oz" in 1939 as a Munchkin, and also as one of the Winged Monkeys. He later said he considered his role as a munchkin to be the most important of all his roles on stage and film in his fifty year career. His other film roles were in movies including "Hellzapoppin"', "The Court Jester", "Planet of the Apes", "Papillon", a production of "Swiss Family Robinson", "Three Ring Circus", "Hello, Dolly!", and as a rotoscope reference actor in the 1978 animated film "The Lord of the Rings".
He also served as a stuntperson in the films "Tarzan Finds a Son!", "Bad Bascomb", "River of No Return", and "Earthquake".
Television.
Monty also appeared in the television series "Lost in Space", "Bonanza", "Bewitched", and "H.R. Pufnstuf".

</doc>
<doc id="19432080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432080" title="The Southern Club, Inc.">
The Southern Club, Inc.

For 60 years, young engineers in central New Jersey created a unique lifestyle that featured communal living, inexpensive accommodations, myriad social activities and plenty of sports activities.
Originally founded as the Southern Gentlemen's Club in 1932, the Southern Club started in Elizabeth, New Jersey as a social club for Southern-born engineers, most of whom were working for the Standard Oil Company of Bayonne. The club was incorporated in New Jersey from 1932 until 1986. The first club residence was at 810 North Broad Street in Elizabeth. This estate offered a swimming pool and tennis courts, and with the combined contributions of 32 members, the club was able to afford a full-time staff of four housekeepers and one cook. Services included linen and laundry service, breakfast and dinner, as well as having a clean house and pool.
They moved to a residence in Cranford for a number of years. In 1969 they changed residence to a 9-bedroom mansion at 996 Central Avenue in Plainfield. This house featured a 3-car garage, basketball court and a heart-shaped swimming pool. They had between 10 and 12 members living at the house.
They remained there until January 1987, when skyrocketing housing prices and an unfriendly landlord led to an unaffordable situation. They moved to a temporary rental in Whitehouse Station for six months, until they pooled their resources, and purchased a mansion on 937 Hillside Avenue in Plainfield.
The Southern Club survived there until 1989, when repairs to the dilapidated house became unbearable, they disbanded, and abandoned the building.
The Southern Club was overseen by a President, Treasurer and Secretary, as well as various committees. Monthly meetings were held for all members, and all decisions were made by a simple majority vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19432081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432081" title="Samuel Sandars">
Samuel Sandars

Samuel Sandars (25 April 1837, Chelmsford, Essex - 15 June 1894) was an English bibliographer, barrister and university benefactor.
Sandars was a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society, a member of the Library Association and a member of the Bibliographical Society. He became JP for Buckinghamshire, and shortly before his death in 1894 High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire. 
From 1869 onwards Sandars donated rare books to Cambridge University Library; he bequeathed 1,460 printed books to the library on his death. He was also a benefactor to the Fitzwilliam Museum, Great St Mary's Church and the Divinity School in Cambridge, and bequeathed £2000 to Cambridge University to endow the Sandars Readership in Bibliography for the delivery of one or more lectures annually on "Bibliography, Palaeography, Typography, Bookbinding, Book Illustration, the science of Books and Manuscripts and the Arts relating thereto."

</doc>
<doc id="19432082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432082" title="The Troubles in Derry">
The Troubles in Derry

The city of Derry, Northern Ireland, was severely affected by the Troubles. The conflict is widely considered to have begun in the city, with many regarding the Battle of the Bogside (an inner suburb of the city) as the beginning of the Troubles. The 'Bloody Sunday' incident of 1972 also occurred in Derry.
Background.
Derry has a long history of sectarian tension and violence. In particular, the city is known as the site of the Siege of Derry of 1689, in which the Protestant supporters of William III of England held out against the mostly Catholic supporters of James II of England for 105 days. The siege became an icon of Ulster Protestant culture, and since the early nineteenth century has been annually commemorated by the Apprentice Boys of Derry. Although Catholics had previously participated in ceremonies in honour of the Williamite victory, many regarded the Apprentice Boys' celebrations, particularly their parades, as triumphalist and sectarian. In the mid nineteenth century an investigation into riots in the city resulted in the recommendation that the Apprentice Boys' parades be banned. Despite the opposition of the British government, the parades continued.
When Northern Ireland became a separate state in 1922, Protestants/unionists were the majority and controlled the government of Northern Ireland. Although Catholics were a clear majority of the Derry population, severe gerrymandering meant that unionists controlled the city government. Like councils elsewhere (nationalist as well as unionist, although unionists controlled more councils), unionist local politicians used their power to disproportionately allocate jobs and houses to Protestants. Although working-class people from both communities suffered from poor housing and unemployment, Catholics were significantly more likely to live in crowded and generally inadequate housing and to lack jobs. In particular, working class Catholics were concentrated in the Bogside, an overcrowded suburb under the city walls. The housing situation was caused in part by unionist politicians wishing to keep Catholics concentrated in a small number of electoral wards, thus confining the nationalist vote to these wards. It was also felt that the Northern Irish government favoured the predominantly Protestant east of the country over the predominantly Catholic west. Both Protestant and Catholic residents of Derry were angered by issues such as the reduction of rail services and the siting of the University of Ulster in Coleraine rather than Derry, but Catholics also saw this as sectarian discrimination.
Civil rights and city riots.
In the late 1960s several groups were formed to campaign against discrimination against Catholics. These included the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association (NICRA) and the Derry Housing Action Committee. These groups had strong links with nationalist and republican groups and although their focus was on rectifying injustice rather than abolishing partition, they were seen by many unionists as a front for republicanism. On 5 October 1968 these groups organised a march through the centre of Derry. Because of the political and sectarian connotations of parades in Northern Ireland, loyalists saw this as a republican claim on their iconic city, and the demonstration was banned. The marchers went ahead anyway and were batoned by the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC). Further mass demonstrations and marches carried on in and around Derry, despite rising tension and sporadic bans.
In January 1969, a march by the radical group People's Democracy from Belfast to Derry was attacked by loyalists at Burntollet, five miles outside Derry. When the marchers (many of whom were injured) arrived in Derry on 5 January, rioting broke out between their supporters and the RUC, who were seen to have failed to protect the march. That night, RUC members broke into homes in the Catholic Bogside area and assaulted several residents. An inquiry led by Lord Cameron concluded that, "a number of policemen were guilty of misconduct, which involved assault and battery, malicious damage to property...and the use of provocative sectarian and political slogans". After this point, barricades were set up in the Bogside and vigilante patrols organised to keep the RUC out. It was at this point that famous mural with the slogan "You are now entering Free Derry" was painted on the corner of Columbs street by a local activist named John Casey.
In April, the first fatal attack arising out of the violence between nationalists and the RUC in Derry occurred. A local man, Samuel Devenny, was badly beaten with batons by RUC members who broke into his home after a riot in the Bogside on 19 April 1969. His teenage daughters were also beaten in the attack. Deveny died from his injuries on 17 July and is sometimes referred to as the first victim of the troubles.
After further rioting on 12 July ("The Twelfth"), arising out of the Orange Order parades on that day, republicans in Derry set up the Derry Citizens Defence Association (DCDA), with the intention of preparing for future disturbances. The members of the DCDA were initially Republican Club (and possibly IRA) activists, but they were joined by many other left-wing activists and local people. This group stated their aim as firstly to keep the peace, but if this failed, to organise the defence of the Bogside. To this end, they stockpiled materials for barricades and missiles, ahead of the Apprentice Boys march on 12 August.
The Battle of the Bogside.
The Apprentice Boys annually paraded on 12 August to commemorate the lifting of the Siege of Derry. The extreme tension of the time meant that trouble was widely expected, but the Apprentice Boys and similar groups had significant political power and the march was not banned; it is also likely that any such ban would not have been effective. As the parade passed the Catholic Bogside area, stones were thrown by both sides. This escalated into a battle between Bogside residents and their supporters on one side and police and loyalists on the other. The police were inadequately trained and equipped for such circumstances, and petrol bombs and other missiles thrown by rioters were met by CS gas and batons from the police, with innocent residents inevitably suffering. Rioting spread to Belfast, leaving six people dead. After two days of nearly continuous rioting, the Prime Minister of Northern Ireland, James Chichester-Clarke, took the unprecedented step of requesting the British Prime Minister Harold Wilson for troops to be sent to Derry. Soon afterwards a company of the Prince of Wales Own Regiment relieved the police, with orders to separate the RUC and the Bogsiders, but not to attempt to breach the barricades and enter the Bogside itself. This marked the first direct intervention of the London government in Ireland since partition. The British troops were at first welcomed by most Bogside residents as a neutral force. No deaths resulted from the 'battle', but it is estimated that more than 1000 people were injured, many of them seriously. The Battle of the Bogside is often regarded as the point at which the Troubles properly began.
The early years of the Troubles.
After the Battle of the Bogside, rioting and battles with police occurred in Derry on a semi-regular basis. In February 1971 a British Army soldier died after his vehicle was petrol bombed in the Bogside. In July that year, two rioters in the Bogside were shot dead by soldiers in disputed circumstances. In response, the Provisional Irish Republican Army, which had previously had little profile in Derry, began a campaign of violence in the city. By this stage the level of violence across Northern Ireland was such that the government introduced internment without trial in August 1971. Despite paramilitary violence coming from loyalists as well as republicans, internment was directed almost exclusively against republicans. Widespread rioting resulted, with 21 people being killed in three days of rioting across the country. By December 1971 dozens of soldiers and RUC had been killed in Derry, mostly by the Official or Provisional IRA. The army had also killed several civilians, including 14 year old Annette McGavigan. Extensive barricades were erected in Catholic suburbs of Derry, organized mostly by the two IRAs. These were intended to prevent access to the army, police, and loyalist mobs, and many were impassable even to the British Army's one-ton armoured vehicles. Due to rioting and damage to shops caused by incendiary devices, an estimated total of £4 million worth of damage had been done to local businesses. Between its formation in 1969 to its ceasefire in 1972 the Official IRA held the most significant presence in Derry, mainly in the Bogside compared to the Provisional IRA.
Bloody Sunday.
One of the Troubles' most notorious events, 'Bloody Sunday', occurred in Derry in 1972. On 30 January, 26 civil rights protesters were shot by members of the 1st Battalion of the British Parachute Regiment. Thirteen died immediately. Many witnesses including bystanders and journalists testify that all those shot were unarmed. Five of those wounded were shot in the back. Most of the circumstances are disputed, and thus it is unclear exactly what happened and why. During the march there was low-level rioting and two civilians were shot and wounded by soldiers. The army apparently believed that an IRA sniper was operating in the area, and an order to fire live rounds was given. One young man was shot and killed as he ran away from advancing troops. The soldier then fired directly into the fleeing crowd near Free Derry Corner, killing 12 more people. Fourteen others were wounded, twelve by shots from the soldiers and two knocked down by armoured personnel carriers. No soldiers were reported injured despite the Army's claims that they had been responding to the threat of gunmen and nail bombs.
Numerous journalists were present and the events were widely reported, causing horror and fury around the world, but especially in both parts of Ireland. Irate crowds burned down the British embassy in Dublin. Anglo-Irish relations hit one of their lowest ebbs, with Irish Minister for Foreign Affairs, Patrick Hillery, going specially to the United Nations in New York to demand UN involvement in the Troubles. The British government commissioned a tribunal to investigate the events of the day; its report (the Widgery Report) supported the Army's account and was widely seen as a 'whitewash'. In August the following year, the city's coroner, retired British army Major Hubert O'Neill, issued a statement describing the events as 'sheer unadulterated murder'. On 29 May 2007 it was reported that General Sir Mike Jackson, second-in-command of 2 Para on Bloody Sunday, said: "I have no doubt that innocent people were shot". This was in sharp contrast to his insistence, for more than 30 years, that those killed on the day had not been innocent. A second inquiry into Bloody Sunday was established in 1998.
Bloody Sunday had a massive and negative impact on the Northern Irish conflict. Support for the IRA rose, and hatred for the Army became widespread amongst the Catholic community. The IRA and other republican paramilitaries used the events to justify a campaign against the British Army and other agents of the British state including the police and the Ulster Defence Regiment. In late February the Official IRA bombed the Aldershot headquarters of the Parachute Regiment (see 1972 Aldershot bombing), but only succeeded in killing six support staff and a Catholic chaplain. In May, they also kidnapped and shot dead a Derry man who was home on leave from the British Army. The following day 500 women marched to the Republican Club offices in protest. Nine days later, on 29 May, the Official IRA declared a ceasefire, which it has kept to ever since. A month later the Provisional IRA also announced a ceasefire but this quickly broke down.
Operation Motorman.
In mid 1972 much of the Bogside was still off limits to the security forces, with barricades preventing their entry and the IRA controlling the area. The no-go areas had been in place since the introduction of internment in August 1971. The British and Northern Irish governments were unwilling to tolerate this, and at 4am on 31 July 1972 a massive British Army mobilisation began. This involved almost 22,000 soldiers, 27 infantry and two armoured battalions aided by 5,300 UDR men. The number of troops was approximately four percent of the entire strength of the British Army. There were also several Centurion AVREs used, the only time that heavy armoured vehicles were deployed during the Troubles. During the operation two 15 year old boys were shot and killed. One was a member of the IRA and bled to death while in the custody of British soldiers; the other was an uninvolved civilian. Neither branch of the IRA attempted to resist the operation as they were outnumbered and outgunned. After this there were no more no-go areas in Northern Irish cities although British patrols remained cautious when in the Bogside.
After 1972.
After 1972, violence in Derry continued regularly much like major cites in Northern Ireland after Operation Motorman. Throughout the rest of the 1970s and 1980s, street riots happened often and hate for the British army continued. The city was organized more by the two IRAs but after motorman Catholic areas were commonly patrolled by the British army. This resulted in more street riots and Republican and sectarian attacks. The main loyalist paramilitary that made the biggest presence in Derry was the Ulster Defense Association. Since its formation to 1992, in remained legal and was able to quickly expand legally across Northern Ireland with ease, unlike the illegal Ulster Volunteer Force. The Provisional IRA continued its campaign of violence in the city, and the Irish National Liberation Army, a group formed of disaffected members of the Official IRA formed in 1974 a few months after the officials called off their armed campaign, made a big presence in Derry. In fact, all the INLA hunger strikers who died on the 1981 Irish hunger strike were from Derry or County Londonderry. In the late 1980s and the early 90s, the Irish National Liberation Army and the Irish People's Liberation Organisation began a bloody feud in the city along with other areas in Ireland that severely weakened the groups' presence in the city but didn't end the INLA there, but did to the IPLO. Throughout the 1990s, tensions cooled and violence traveled mainly to Belfast, even though street riots and sectarian violence was still common. Irish journalist Ed Maloney claims in "The Secret History of the IRA" that republican leaders there negotiated a "de facto" ceasefire in the city as early as 1991. Whether this is true or not, the city did see less bloodshed by this time than Belfast or other localities.

</doc>
<doc id="19432122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432122" title="2008 Czech and Slovak Figure Skating Championships">
2008 Czech and Slovak Figure Skating Championships

The 2008 Czech and Slovak Figure Skating Championships () were the Czech Figure Skating Championships and the Slovak Figure Skating Championships for the 2007–2008 season. They crowned the national champions in figure skating for the Czech Republic and Slovakia in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singes, and ice dancing on the senior and junior levels.
The two national championships were held simultaneously. The results were then split by country. The top three placing Czech skaters were the Czech national podium. The top three placing Slovak skaters were the Slovak national podium. Therefore, there are no medal colors on the table below because it shows the combined overall results. The table can be sorted by country.
This was the second consecutive season that the Czech and Slovak Championships were held simultaneously.
They were held in Trenčín, Slovakia from 14–16 December 2007.
Slovak junior results.
The 2008 Slovak Junior Championships () were held from 16–17 February 2008 in Zimny stadion O.Nepelu hala II. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and pair skating on the junior level. The junior ice dancing event was held in December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19432129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432129" title="Qırıqlı, Goygol">
Qırıqlı, Goygol

Qırıqlı (also, Qırıxlı, Kyrykhly, and Kyrykly) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,133. The municipality consists of the villages of Qırıqlı, Haçaqaya, and Sərkar.

</doc>
<doc id="19432165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432165" title="Bluewater Lake State Park">
Bluewater Lake State Park

Bluewater Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located in the Zuni Mountains west of Grants. The park itself encompasses approximately , and the lake has a surface area of approximately .
The park is popular for fishing and bird watching, with 68 different species of birds either calling the park home, or passing through the park on their annual migrations. The lake is stocked with rainbow trout, cutthroat trout, and catfish. Its high altitude (7,400 ft) and location in northern New Mexico cause the lake to freeze over in the winter, allowing ice fishing to take place.

</doc>
<doc id="19432170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432170" title="Lene Mykjåland">
Lene Mykjåland

Lene Mykjåland (born 20 February 1987 in Kristiansand) is a Norwegian football striker.
She currently plays for Røa. She is also a member of the Norwegian Women's National Football Team, having made her debut for the senior team on 7 March 2007, in a 1–2 loss against Germany.
She started her career in Randesund IL, a district club in Kristiansand. In 2003, Mykjåland played with Amazon Grimstad and played there until she went on to Røa in September 2005. Mykjåland was Røa's top scorer in 2007 with 11 goals.
She quickly became one of the league's top talents, and has also managed to establish herself on the Norwegian National senior squad, having been called up to both the 2007 Women's World Cup as well as the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China.
On 21 October 2008 Lene Mykjåland and four other Røa players — Marie Knutsen, Guro Knutsen, Marit Fiane Christensen and Siri Nordby — made headlines when they announced in a press release that they would not be returning to the national team due to issues the five had with the national team leadership. While the press statement never mentioned coach Bjarne Berntsen's name, it was assumed that he was instrumental in their decision to retire from the team. The retirement, which came off in many newspapers as a boycott, created widespread media attention. When Eli Landsem took over the national team after the 2009 European Championship, they ended their boycott and made themselves available again for the national team. On 15 January 2010, Mykjåland played her first game for Norway since the boycott in a 1–1 draw against England. In 2011, Mykjåland was included in the squad that was going to play in the 2011 Women's World Cup.
The Washington Freedom of Women's Professional Soccer announced on 23 December 2009, that they had signed Mykjåland, and she joined the team on 1 April 2010. After one season in America, she returned to Norway and signed a two-year contract with former team Røa.
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 27 June 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="19432172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432172" title="Arutyun Papazyan">
Arutyun Papazyan

Arutyun Papazyan (born in Yerevan, May 25, 1954) is an Armenian pianist.
Papazyan rose to prominence after winning the 1979 Vianna da Motta competition and being awarded a 3rd prize in the 10th Fryderyk Chopin Competition. He has been internationally active as a concert pianist since. 
References.
Fryderyk Chopin Information Centre

</doc>
<doc id="19432175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432175" title="I Can't Stop Dancing">
I Can't Stop Dancing

"I Can't Stop Dancing" is a 1968 album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells, released by the record label Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="19432191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432191" title="Skin Horse">
Skin Horse

Skin Horse is a webcomic written by Shaenon K. Garrity and Jeffrey Channing Wells, and drawn by Garrity. The storylines center around the misadventures of the staff of a little-known government agency working on "Project Skin Horse". The strip started on December 31, 2007 and updates every day of the week (although the Sunday updates consist of fan art, sketches, and background). "Skin Horse" is part of Webcomics Nation, where it is free to read. It is also syndicated on GoComics, where the past month's updates are free to read, with further archives available to subscribers.
About.
"Project Skin Horse" is secret Federal government agency, a non-human advocacy bureau responsible for rescuing and resettling non-human sapient beings created by mad scientists. For example, in the "Cowardly Lion" story arc, a lion augmented with human intelligence is roaming loose in a zoo. Skin Horse field operatives subdue, transport, and resettle the lion in a sanctuary for sapient large cats. The rescued sapient beings are referred to as "clients". With the exception of the character Tip, the employees of the agency are themselves rescued former clients. An informal name for the organization is "Black Ops Social Services". They tend to cross paths with a rival black ops military research organization known "Anasigma".
Unlike Garrity's earlier comic, "Narbonic", mad scientists do not play a central role. Rather, their monstrous creations do. 
Although the strip was conceived by and is drawn by Garrity, she and Wells co-write, brainstorming ideas together, with some scripts written by Garrity and others by Wells.
The title is taken from a character name in the 1922 children's book "The Velveteen Rabbit", where one passage reads: "'Real isn't how you are made,' said the Skin Horse, 'It's a thing that happens to you ... Then you become Real.'"
Cast.
Tip.
Dr. Dennis "Tip" Wilkin, a relatively new field operative and the only fully human employee of Project Skin Horse, is a decorated former captain of the U.S. Army, a trained psychologist, a passionate cross-dresser and an almost supernatural seducer. Tip is essentially a research psychologist, but in an emergency he can wield therapy puppets.
Sweetheart.
Captain's Fancy Valentine Sweetheart is a genetically modified sapient dog, created by a mad scientist. She now works for Project Skin Horse as a field operative. She is generally the most clear-thinking and rational team member, but periodically exhibits feelings of insecurity.
Unity.
Unity is a "necrotic" being: dead tissue animated through a secret military process. A field operative for Project Skin Horse, she is Sweetheart's best friend. Unity was developed to be a bio-weapon, but proved to be too hard to control and was therefore moved to Project Skin Horse. Unity is good-natured, likes guns, and is inclined to use gratuitously unnecessary violence. Her safety phrase, "Blueberry waffles", to suspend her aggression patterns, was only revealed by Anasigma after Project Skin Horse had spent a fortune on obedience classes.
Gavotte.
The administrative leader of Project Skin Horse, Gavotte is a collective being consisting of a swarm of bees that thinks with a single female mind. Most of the other agency employees are nervous around her, Tip in particular since he is fatally allergic to bee stings.
Moustachio the Thinkonium.
A 19th century wind-up automaton of destruction with a clockwork brain, Moustachio is the receptionist at Project Skin Horse. He has a limited long-term memory and needs wax cylinders from cold storage to remember his earlier days. His legs were removed by the British government as a safety precaution. He thinks and speaks like a 19th-century gentleman and has little regard for or knowledge of new technology.
Nick Zerhakker.
A young adult, introduced in the "I Can Fly" story arc, video-game obsessive Nick was unknowingly co-opted into "Project Whirligig". The black military program intended to weaponize him by secretly installing him in a virtual reality, then removing his brain and implanting it in a black V-22 Osprey–a military tiltrotor aircraft–and finally subconsciously training Nick to control the Osprey as if it were his own body. In spite of Nick's love of shooting virtual bad guys, he abhors the thought of killing real people, and so joined the Skin Horse team.

</doc>
<doc id="19432194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432194" title="David Garibaldi (artist)">
David Garibaldi (artist)

David Garibaldi (born 1982) is an American performance painter. His specialty is his "Rhythm and Hue" stage act in which he rapidly creates paintings of notable rock musicians.
Garibaldi was born in Los Angeles, California. In July 2006, he was invited to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland, Ohio, where he painted a portrait of Mick Jagger. In September 2008, he was the opening act for Blue Man Group's tour in Canada and the United States. He has also opened for Snoop Dogg. During the halftime of a Golden State Warriors basketball game in November 2007, Garibaldi painted Carlos Santana, after which the musician unexpectedly greeted Garibaldi and later signed the creation. On April 11, 2009, he appeared on The 700 Club and painted a portrait of Jesus. On July 29, 2010, he painted his first self-portrait during a benefit performance at the 11th Annual Sacramento Film and Music Festival at the Crest Theatre, following the world premiere of Walking Dreams, a documentary about his work directed by Chad Ross. On April 20, 2012 Garibaldi painted Jeremy Lin during halftime of the New York Knicks game.
Garibaldi appeared in the seventh season of "America's Got Talent". He has gone forward all the way to the finals with his act, David Garibaldi and His CMYK's, finishing in fourth place.
Garibaldi's work is heavily influenced by Denny Dent.

</doc>
<doc id="19432202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432202" title="McGilbert House">
McGilbert House

McGilbert House is a building in Lufkin, Texas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19432220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432220" title="Old Stone Barracks">
Old Stone Barracks

The "Old Stone Barracks" is the last remaining structure of a proposed quadrangle of early U.S. Army barracks built at Plattsburgh, New York in 1838. Of the four main buildings initially planned for the Plattsburgh post, only two were ever constructed, an officer's barracks and an enlisted barracks which formed an "L" shape. The officer's barracks, which Ulysses S. Grant was stationed at for a time while serving as a young Lieutenant, was damaged by fire and torn down in 1964. The remaining building, the long, two story "Old Stone Barracks," which is entirely constructed of locally quarried limestone, has been mostly empty since the early 1960s and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971. In December 2010 the Barracks and more than 7 acres of property were offered to a Canadian real estate developer for $35,000 with the intention of building an apartment complex on the historic site. The Barracks property is appraised at over $775,000 and the sale has sparked public outcry for its preservation.
Background.
In the decades following the decisive British defeat at the Battle of Plattsburgh and the close of the War of 1812, the United States Military still remained suspicious and wary of British Canada. Relations with England were not cordial following the war and the establishment of a permanent Army Post for a garrison at Plattsburgh, along the strategically important Lake Champlain corridor, which for centuries had been a route for invasion, seemed an obvious choice. Although troops had been stationed there from roughly 1812 to 1825, no permanent military installation had been constructed with the men often being housed in dilapidated and inadequate log structures left over from the War. This was especially apparent in view of the usually harsh North Country winters. In an October, 1838 letter to the Commanding General of the United States Army, Major General Alexander Macomb, who had commanded at Plattsburgh during the 1814 Battle, Brigadier General Abraham Eustis outlined the poor condition of the soldier's quarters there:
"I take the liberty of calling to your attention the deficiency of Quarters for the troops at this station. You are already informed that there is scarcely a vestige of the old barracks remaining and that in consequence I have directed the six old storehouses on the public ground to be repaired and fitted for temporary barracks . . ."
The establishment of a permanent Plattsburgh Barracks was also partly spurred on by the military buildup associated with the beginning of the 2nd Seminole War in 1835. The outbreak of the War had drawn nearly a quarter of the total strength of the Army to the War zone in Florida. This fact had blatantly demonstrated to lawmakers and military leaders alike that the standing peacetime strength of the United States Army was far too small to meet the nation's needs. In 1838, Congress raised the standing strength of the Army to 12,539 men and the need for housing for them ballooned overnight.
The innovative permanent Army post planned for Plattsburgh was initially to be four stone barracks structures positioned in a quadrangle around a square parade ground and surrounded by a wooden palisade with a western facing gate. Construction began late in 1838 on a rise overlooking the lake about a mile outside of the village. The site selected for the post stood just to the south of the three remaining earthwork fortifications left over from the 1814 siege, Fort Brown, Fort Moreau, and Fort Scott. These forts, which had been carefully laid out prior to the Battle, had been constructed under the direction of Major Joseph Totten, an expert in military and tactical engineering of the period. Together with two smaller redoubts which had been erected later, Fort Tompkins and Fort Gaines, the Plattsburgh fortifications formed a pentagon of interlocking cannon fire which could have protected the barracks from any hostile forces if the need arose.
By August, 1839 stonework had commenced and the exterior walls of both the officer's and enlisted men's barracks had been erected. The main barracks buildings were built of native limestone which was quarried nearby at Bluff Point and transported to the site. The water filled quarry where the limestone was excavated is still visible today. After this initial burst of progress, however, the site experienced several periods of stagnant and altogether halted construction due in part to bureaucratic red tape from Washington. After numerous letters and solicitations were written to the Secretary of War by concerned Plattsburgh citizens, the Assistant Quartermaster General of the Army, Captain R. E. Clary was dispatched to oversee the construction project in September, 1841. Under Clary's supervision by September of the following year, it was reported to the Quartermaster General that the exterior work of the "company quarters" had been completed with the exception of the stone steps, portico floors, stairs leading to the upper level, and adjustment of the columns. Although reports claimed the buildings were nearing completion, the companies at Plattsburgh were still quartered in the old temporary wooden barracks through the winter of 1842-43 as the appropriation made for completing the work had been nearly exhausted. It would be nearly another year before two of the four buildings were ultimately finished and could be occupied in October, 1843.
When finally completed, the enlisted men's barracks, which would later be called simply the "Old Stone Barracks," was finished with a very attractive and distinctive two story tuscan columned and corniced portico which runs the entire length of the building and was covered with a skillion roof. Initially four external staircases along this portico allowed the only access to the second floor. One stairway for each of the four large second floor rooms which served as each Company's living quarters. The smaller and slightly more elaborate neighboring officer's barracks was also finished with a similar two story portico although on the opposite side of the structure facing Lake Champlain where officers could enjoy the panoramic view and breeze of Plattsburgh Bay. Future 18th President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant occupied quarters in the officer's barracks while stationed at Plattsburgh as a young Lieutenant sometime between his graduation from West Point in 1843 and prior to serving in the Mexican War in 1846.
The enlisted barracks originally contained 18 rooms, several of which on the first floor were utilized as a post hospital, dispensary, Company office, Sergeant's room, Company kitchen, and mess hall. Four small storm-sheds and the hospital bathroom also extended off the first floor on the backside of the building. Many of the rooms were heated by individual coal stoves as well, providing a much appreciated measure of luxury for the soldiers during the winter months. Initially the western wall of the barracks was built of wood which would have allowed for an addition to be added to the structure later if the Army deemed it necessary. This never came to pass, however, and the temporary wooden wall was eventually finished in stone to match the rest of the facade. Within short order a host of smaller support buildings were erected at the post as well including a brick powder magazine, post headquarters, storehouse, carpenter's shop, icehouse, guardhouse with an area for holding prisoners, and two deep wells for drinking water.
The military presence in the Champlain Valley was further augmented just four years after the completion of the new Army post at Plattsburgh when construction was begun in 1844 on Fort Montgomery at nearby Rouses Point, a massive masonry fortification mounting 125 guns which would guard the northernmost point of Lake Champlain. Fort Montgomery, by design, was never permanently garrisoned and it was assumed that if the need arose, troops from Plattsburgh could quickly be marched there to man the fortification. In May 1850, Major Thomas J. Jackson, who would later be forever immortalized with the nickname "Stonewall," attended a court martial at Plattsburgh Barracks. While there he wrote his sister Laura Ann describing his surroundings:
"Plattsburg Barracks N.Y.
May 10th 1850
My Dear Sister,
You observe that I am now on the border of Canada, it is for the purpose of trying some prisoners.
My health is still improving and in a short time I expect to return home to Fort Hamilton. In coming to this place I have passed some charming scenery. This place is on the Western bank of Lake Champlain. I should like very much to visit Montreal and Quebec before returning South, but want of time and money will prevent it. On my way here I saw the old Fort Ticonderoga and Crown Point. And in front of this Garrison, was fought the great Naval action of the late war.
Remember me kindly to Mr. A and Family.
Your brother Thomas"
Various Infantry and Artillery units were stationed at Plattsburgh Barracks in spurts throughout the latter half of the 19th Century. Beginning in the early 1890s, a sprawling expansion program greatly enlarged the Army Post at Plattsburgh to the north with the construction of 3 much larger and more modern barracks, relegating the 1840 era structures to a much more secondary role. All of the old and long abandoned defensive fortifications still present, with the exception of Fort Brown, were leveled to form a mammoth parade ground known as the "U.S. Oval." In 1892 during the removal of Fort Moreau, which had been the central and largest of the three American forts during the Battle of Plattsburgh, numerous human remains, as many as 25 individuals, were unearthed which had been hurriedly buried either during or immediately following the siege. A similar situation occurred when Fort Scott was leveled, with some thirty or more skeletons being removed from that site as well. Cannon balls and other 1814 artifacts that were also recovered were purportedly sent by the Army to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C. All of the recovered skeletons were buried with full military honors in the nearby "old post cemetery" in a mass grave marked by a large monument dedicated to unknown dead of the War of 1812.
It was also during this period that the 21st Infantry, known as the "President's Own," was stationed at Plattsburgh. Their nickname was bestowed upon them during their years at Plattsburgh by President William Mckinley, who when frequently summering nearby at the luxurious Hotel Champlain, would often visit the Post to review the troops and attend performances by the unit's band. From their barracks here, the unit would be dispatched to see action in the Spanish-American War in 1898, as well as the Philippine–American War the following year.
In 1899, the original interiors of the "Old Stone Barracks" were gutted and modernized to serve as a barracks for the Post Band which it remained until 1906. During the updating of the structure, two of the external staircases on the front portico were removed and several internal stairways were constructed. It is believed that during this period, the original skillion or "shed" style roof was replaced over the portico with the hip roof we see today. Also, off the backside of the building where the four storm-sheds and hospital bathroom were originally located, several small single and two story porches were built to allow more convenient access to rooms from that side.
The barracks served in a variety of capacities throughout the first half of the 20th century. During World War I and the years immediately preceding it, the building served as part of the Civilian Military Training Camp at Plattsburgh, the brainchild of General Leonard Wood and forerunner of today's ROTC program. In 1939, on the eve of World War II, Plattsburgh Barracks hosted the massive 1st United States Army maneuvers, a huge pre-War training operation involving aircraft, tanks, and roughly 20,000 soldiers. The barracks was last used as offices and then apartments for Air Force personnel at Plattsburgh Air Force Base in the late 1950s. Following the demolition of the adjoining officer's quarters in 1964, the surviving "Old Stone Barracks" mostly remained dormant. Around this time the small 1899 era porch additions on the rear of the barracks were removed and the entire building was boarded up as a historical structure. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.> With the impending closure of the base in 1995, one of the last official acts of the Air Force concerning the building was to perform asbestos and lead paint abatement, removing most of the remaining interior down to the studs, and replacing the barracks's slate roof.
Today.
Today the only structures which remain of the original 1840 era Army post are the barracks, its adjacent brick powder magazine, and the nearby "old post cemetery." The original post parade ground is also still present. These structures represent one of the last remaining examples of the first generation of permanent U.S. Army barracks in existence in the United States. In 2007, a section of paved road which ran beside the barracks and followed the route of the original dirt road into the post compound through the palisade gate was removed by the City of Plattsburgh.
The "Old Stone Barracks" itself has changed little since the departure of the Air Force in 1995 and remains boarded up and closed to the public. The "Old Stone Barracks" is often the target of vandalism and frequent break-ins due in part to the many ghost stories which have circulated on the internet concerning this building and its purported (and false) use as a "field hospital" during the Battle of Plattsburgh (24 years before the barracks was even built). Over the past several years, floodlights have been added that illuminate the front and rear of the barracks at night which has somewhat decreased the number of forced entries into the structure. Recently, however, many of the spindles which support the long railings of the barracks' signature two story portico, as many as 40 at last count, have been kicked out (as can be easily noted in the photo above of the barracks taken from the parade ground) and upon closer inspection, numerous large areas of rot and deterioration can be seen throughout the woodwork of the imposing structure.
In December 2010, It became public knowledge that the Old Stone Barracks and over 7 acres of surrounding property had been offered to Bernard Schneider, a Canadian real estate developer, for $35,000. The property is appraised at over $775,000. News of the pending sale immediately sparked a public outcry and spurred a Facebook campaign entitled "Save the Old Stone Barracks." Details of the proposed development include the construction of an apartment complex on the historic property.

</doc>
<doc id="19432233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432233" title="Zakumi">
Zakumi

Zakumi the Leopard (born ) was the Official Mascot for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He is a cheerful and sporty leopard with green hair, presented on 22 September 2008. His name comes from "ZA", the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code for South Africa, and "kumi", a word that means ten in several African languages, referencing the year 2010.
Profile.
Facts.
Za is a code for South Africa and kumi means ten in many African languages so it signifies South Africa 2010.Zakumi the leopard's birth date coincides with a day known and celebrated as Youth Day in South Africa. The group A match played between South Africa and Uruguay (Match 17) also coincides with Zakumi's birthday. He turned sixteen on June 16, 2010.
The green and yellow (gold) colours of the character match the colours used in South African sport uniforms and can also be seen in the South Africa national football team's kit.
Andries Odendaal, from Cape Town, created the original character design.
The official motto of Zakumi is "Zakumi's game is Fair Play." The motto was seen in the digital advertisement boards during the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup, and has also appeared in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Personality.
Zakumi is a jolly, self-confident, adventurous, spontaneous, and actually quite shrewd little fellow. He loves to perform and always follows his instinct and intuition, yet sometimes has the tendency to exaggerate a bit. He is often found fooling about and teasing people but not in a mean way. He is warm-hearted and caring, and wants to make as many friends as possible. He loves to play football as it is a great way to connect with others and break down language barriers. He always carries his football around which he will use to invite people to play with him. Zakumi loves football. At one time he decided to dye his hair green as he felt it would be the perfect camouflage against the green of the football pitch; a bit like his rosette spots are when hunting in the wilderness!
He does have one striking weakness. With all his energy, he needs frequent rests. Occasionally, in-between performances on stage, he may suddenly fall asleep on the spot at the most random times! But rest assured, these are only short breaks that a leopard of his calibre needs to recharge his batteries.
Life.
Over the last years he has travelled the whole of Africa where the leopard habitat is good (pretty much everywhere from open savannahs, forests, jungles to mountainous areas, even deserts). He has therefore learned to adapt to new environments; enjoying the diversity in nature and people across the African continent.
Controversies.
Before the games, a degree of controversy around the mascot has arisen in South Africa. A contract for the manufacture of Zakumi figurines was awarded to a company owned by Dr. Shiaan-Bin Huang, who is an ANC representative member in the South African parliament. The manufacture of the figurines was outsourced to Shanghai Fashion Plastic Products in the PRC. The value of the contract was in excess of USD 112 million. Due to concerns over the loss of jobs in the South African manufacturing sector, the Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) has suggested that more 2010 merchandise be sourced locally. Allegation of sweatshop conditions at the Shanghai Fashion Plastic Products factory led to an audit by Global Brands Group (master licensee of the Fifa World Cup 2010 brand), which revealed a number of non-compliance issues with GBC policies. The manufacturer denied the allegations of sweatshop conditions and claimed that the working conditions at the Shanghai Fashion Plastic Products factory were "very good".

</doc>
<doc id="19432240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432240" title="Soru">
Soru

Soru (also, Sori) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,238.

</doc>
<doc id="19432244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432244" title="List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2004">
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2004

The "Billboard" Top Latin albums chart, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a record chart that features Latin music sales information. This data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, Internet sales (both physical and digital) and verifiable sales from concert venues in the United States.
There were twenty-two number-one albums in 2004, including two releases by the Mexican group Los Temerarios: "Tributo al Amor" and "Veintisiete"; the latter album received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album. However, the award went to "Intimamente" by Intocable, which also peaked at number one on the chart in March. "Mi Sangre", by Colombian performer Juanes, was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Rock/Alternative Album, won three Latin Grammy Awards, and also reached the top spot of this chart for five consecutive weeks from October 16 to November 13, 2004.
Singer-songwriter Marco Antonio Solís also peaked twice at the top of the chart with his greatest hits album "La Historia Continúa..." and his Latin Grammy Award nominated album "Razón de Sobra". Daddy Yankee, Jennifer Peña, Grupo Climax and Adán Sánchez peaked at number one for the first time in 2004. Luis Miguel's "México En La Piel" became his sixth number-one set on the chart and was also the winner of a Latin Grammy Award for Best Ranchero Album and the Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album in 2005.
Two albums by Marc Anthony reached the top spot of the chart: "Amar Sin Mentiras" and "Valió La Pena". With these recordings, Marc Anthony won the Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album and was nominated for a Latin Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Album for "Amar Sin Mentiras". "Valió La Pena" was awarded with the Latin Grammy Award for Best Salsa Album and also received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Salsa/Merengue album.

</doc>
<doc id="19432261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432261" title="Sors, Azerbaijan">
Sors, Azerbaijan

Sors (also, Soru and Sorus) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 735.

</doc>
<doc id="19432262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432262" title="Richard LeGrand">
Richard LeGrand

Richard LeGrand (August 29, 1882 - June 29, 1963) was an American actor who was best known for his comedy characters on radio.
Born in Portland, Oregon, LeGrand was backstage working the artificial snow when he made his stage debut to substitute for a missing actor. He continued in theater, doing dramas, musical comedies, tent shows and vaudeville. LeGrand appeared as a variety of dialect characters.
On radio he was a comedy favorite as Peavey the Druggist on "The Great Gildersleeve". His signature line to end any conversation was "Well now, I wouldn't say that!" As a member of the mens' social group "The Jolly Boys", he would try to get the fellows to start singing "there was a tavern in the town, in the town" to no success. He later was a regular on "Fibber McGee and Molly" as Ole, the Elk's Club janitor, beginning February 15, 1949 just as that show began its decline.
He also performed roles on "One Man's Family" and the Hollywood version of "I Love a Mystery". LeGrand also portrayed Peavey in three of the "Great Gildersleeve" movies. His largest part, almost a co-star role, was in "Gildersleeve on Broadway" in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19432285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432285" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T54">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T54

The Men's 400m T54 had its First Round held on September 8 at 10:05, its Semifinals on September 9 at 20:35 and its Final on September 10 at 21:00.

</doc>
<doc id="19432323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432323" title="Gateway College of Evangelism">
Gateway College of Evangelism

Gateway College of Evangelism, now known as Urshan College, is a Bible college in Florissant, Missouri, near St. Louis. It is affiliated with the United Pentecostal Church International. In 2012, the college was acquired by Urshan Graduate School of Theology. It is currently not accredited, but offers 2-year and 4-year degrees.
Academics.
Gateway College (Urshan College) currently offers an Associate's Degree in Biblical and General Studies and a Bachelor's Degree in Christian Ministry with four emphasis options. Starting in Fall 2008, Gateway College began offering online classes through the Consortium of Online Christian Colleges in addition to their on-campus instruction.
Gateway is not accredited. However, the administrators of the college are currently attempting to gain accreditation and have hired an advisor to assist with the process.
Location.
Gateway is located in the northwestern part of the Saint Louis metropolitan area. The college can be reached by turning off of I-270 at McDonnell Boulevard and going north on McDonnell Boulevard, which becomes Howdershell Road. The college is situated on the right, approximately two and one-half miles north of I-270.
Gateway College sits in the strategic hub of the Midwest. The historic city of Saint Louis, long known as the "Gateway to the West", offers an authentic source of inspiration and a climate of achievement that provides a proper setting for the goals of Gateway College.
In addition to being near the population center of the United States, Gateway College is located near the population center of the United Pentecostal Church International.
In and around Saint Louis there are many United Pentecostal churches of various sizes. These afford involvement in virtually any type of church situation. Also, World Evangelism Center, the general headquarters of the United Pentecostal Church International, is less than ten minutes from the Gateway College campus. Such a nearness to the center of the international operations of our movement is unique to Gateway College and affords many advantages.
A number of Gateway College students have become involved and are now active in the various programs of the church as a result of this location. The proximity of W.E.C. affords the college with frequest guest lecturers and preachers from the church headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="19432365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432365" title="Omnikrom">
Omnikrom

Omnikrom is a Canadian rap, crunk, and electro group formed in Montréal.
Members.
Omnikrom is composed of two MCs, Jeanbart and Linso Gabbo, and their producer Figure8. 
<br>They are also produced by Tepr, Kid Rolex and Ghislain Poirier. 
The group includes collaborations from the MCs of the French group TTC on the piece « Pour te réchauffer » (extract from the street-tape from Cuizinier and on their second EP: (Future Millionnaire Vol.2 24 Pouces Glacés) and « Danse la poutine », as well as with numéro# on the success of « Chewing-Gum Fraise » (Original version).
Trop Banane!
After having signed on to the Saboteur label, Omnikrom launched an official album entitled "Trop Banane!" on 1 May 2007.
At the ADISQ Gala, on the 23 October 2007, this album won the Félix in the "Hip-hop album of the year" category and Trop banane won Hip-Hop album of the year at Le Gamiq in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19432366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432366" title="1984 1000 km of Monza">
1984 1000 km of Monza

The 1984 Trofeo Filippo Caracciolo was the opening round of the 1984 World Endurance Championship. It took place at the Autodromo Nazionale Monza, Italy on 23 April 1984.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="19432372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432372" title="Marriage (album)">
Marriage (album)

Marriage is the debut album from Canadian rock band Attack in Black, released July 31, 2007. The album was released by Dine Alone Records as both a CD and through digital download. The album won "NXNE Favourite New Indie Record Release" at the 2007 CASBY Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19432376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432376" title="Myawaddy (disambiguation)">
Myawaddy (disambiguation)

Myawaddy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19432379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432379" title="Maya warfare">
Maya warfare

Although the Maya were once thought to have been peaceful (see below), current theories emphasize the role of inter-polity warfare as a factor in the development and perpetuation of Maya society. The goals and motives of warfare in Maya culture are not thoroughly understood, but there are several kinds of archaeological clues. These include fortified defenses around structure complexes, artistic and epigraphical depictions of war, and weapons such as obsidian blades and projectile points. Warfare can also be identified from archaeological remains that suggest a rapid and drastic break in a fundamental pattern due to violence.
Like the city-states of ancient Greece, Maya polities engaged in violent warfare for political control of people and resources. Some scholars have suggested that the capture of sacrificial victims was a driving force behind warfare. Among the most critical resources were water and agricultural land. Economic control of resources such as obsidian also increased competition among polities. As polities became more successful, they also became more complex. This led to improved efficiency in acquiring and holding valued resources, especially through military force. Population growth increased the competition between polities, resulting in increased levels of violence.
Ideological roots, tactics, organization, and weaponry.
Ideology.
Warfare was probably a driving force of cultural change. Although warring leaders undoubtedly benefited materially, one of the main goals may have been to acquire sacrificial victims. Sacrifice not only legitimized the ruler by intimidating rivals and awing the citizens, but was also associated with concepts of sacred fluids and the passage of time. Warfare is alluded to in to the mythology of the "Popol Vuh", which describes sacrifice through decapitation. Certain events such as the death of a leader or birth of an heir may have required sacrifice.
Tactics and organization.
Little can be known about how the ancient Maya planned and coordinated their attacks. However, it has been noted that the Maya cities kept some distance between themselves and their enemies with an estimated mean distance of 55 km (about two to eight day's travel) between major settlements.
This seems to support the theory that war was fought by and for elites; that is, the Maya and non-Maya nobility. This may be because of the long distances that had to be traveled between cities. One estimate puts about 500-1000 men on the battlefield on each side of the conflict at maximum based on estimates about the logistics of the journey, such as amount of weight carried and how much food was needed on the journey.
It is thought that enemies would project missiles at long range, then as they advanced on each other, discipline probably declined, allowing individuals to attempt to personal feats of bravery The main body of the population does not appear to have been active in most conflicts unless it involved the overthrow of a ruler.
Military organization is somewhat unclear. Leadership seems to have been embodied mostly in the "Halach Uinic", the "ajaw" or lord of each geopolitical unit, known as a "batab". The "Halach Uinic" was responsible for calling troops together and organizing the military effort.
Weapons.
Although the Maya had missile technology, such as the atlatl and spear, much of the actual fighting was done at close range with "thrusting, stabbing, and crushing". Weapons were crafted mostly from obsidian and chert, obsidian being the sharpest (but more brittle). Knapping chert or obsidian into bifacial projectile points and attaching them to atlatl darts, spears, and arrows was the dominant technology. Although bows and arrows were used, spears and Macuahuitl remained much more common.
Archaeological sites with evidence of warfare.
Mayapan.
Located in the Mexican state of Yucatán, Mayapan is considered to be one of the last major Pre-Columbian Maya settlements. The site had a defensive wall surrounding the structure, and a violent fire was the cause of downfall as evidenced by burnt remains.
Aguateca.
Aguateca is a Classic Maya site located in the south-western Petén department of Guatemala. Aguateca was a member of the "Petexbatún States" among which included such polities as Seibal, Itzan, Dos Pilas, Cancuén, Tamarindito, Punta de Chimino,and Nacimiento.
The city was built on a 90 m. escarpment with defensive fortifications surrounding the city. Archaeological remains, along with epigraphy and iconography at the site reveal an expansion of power and military influence from Aguateca by the ruling dynasty during the 8th century, a period noted for endemic warfare in the region. During this time, 4 km. of defensive walls were hastily constructed concentrically around the site.
Among the weapons found at the site are chert and obsidian bi-facial points, and chert small points which were probably used as arrowheads. Obsidian spear tips, which were found extensively throughout the site, were the primary weapon used based on the number found at the site. other weapons included darts and atlatl darts.
The site reveals a key feature of Mayan war - that being the involvement of the royal elites in the manufacture and execution of warfare. For example, 30-40 broken chert bifacial points were found in the royal residences of Aguateca, along with small bifacial thinning flakes which were the result of failed bifacial point manufacturing. All obsidian bifacial thinning flakes were found in a royal or elite context. This serves as evidence for the hypothesis that rulers, scribes, and artisans at Aguateca served as warriors.
The city was captured and destroyed approximately 810 AD. The capture led to mass evacuations of the city, as marked by the plethora of remains left at the site. It appears that the goal of the capture was to terminate the influence of Aguateca, not to occupy the city or its power.
Colha.
Colha is located in north-central Belize, about 52 km. north of Belize City in a chert-rich area, Colha offers an in depth look at Maya warfare and collapsed polities during the Terminal Classic. Colha is associated with extensive lithic production ranging in time from the early Classic and into the Post Classic. The site was captured and later abandoned during the Terminal Classic. The site's demise contains insights into the material motivations for Maya warfare and military strategy. Among the archaeological remains is the Colha Skull Pit, which contained the remains of 30 human skulls. The skull pit is particularly unusual because the faces of the individuals were flayed prior to decapitation. The skin was cut around the skull vault, around the orbital rims and external nasal aperture, inside the mandibular ramus, and along the lower edge of the mandible. Although this pattern is found around the world, it is unusual in Maya ritual.
Another mass grave at Colha was found to have unusual characteristics for a Maya grave site. This suggests that it was not a ritual or sacrificial grave, but was dug during the capture of Colha. Although the site was already an important site of lithic production, archaeological remains show an exponential increase in the volume of stemmed blades produced, which served as the primary weapon in the area. This, along with the large volume of human remains found inside the defensive walls, suggests that perhaps the inhabitants were prepared for an invasion. These remains indicate that the capture of Colha was a strategic move to cut off supply of weapons production for the area by an invader.
La Blanca.
The acropolis of the Classic period site at La Blanca in Petén has produced evidence suggestive of warfare. During the Late Classic there appears to have been greater public access to the acropolis, with stairways communicating between the various terraces leading up to the south range. During the Terminal Classic, these stairways were filled in, as were many of the access doorways to the acropolis itself, with some buildings being sealed completely. This closing of public access to the palace reflects the greater political instability engulfing the entire Petén region at this time. The acropolis complex was abandoned by the city's elite in the Terminal Classic, a time when most of the city centre was also deserted by its residents. Many flint projectile points were recovered from the south terraces of the acropolis, this combined with the remains of two individuals very near the surface indicates that a violent confrontation took place around the time that the city was abandoned.
Warfare as a cause of Maya collapse.
Endemic warfare is often cited as the cause of the collapse or disappearance of the Maya civilization and abandonment of what are now ruins. Although warfare certainly played a role in the transition to the Terminal or Postclassic, overpopulation, environmental degradation, and drought all played a role in the change of Maya society. The most detailed archaeological information on this phenomenon comes from sites of the Petexbatún state and more recent investigations at the Río Pasión site of Cancuén.
Misconceptions.
The prevalent theory on the ancient Maya at the beginning of the 20th century held on to the notion that they had a predominantly peaceful society, idealizing the indigenous culture much like a noble savage. This view shifted as the result of detailed analysis of iconography and the content of Maya script. Ironically, the New Age perspectives common in Mayanism suggest that modern use of ancient Maya wisdom will result in an era of world peace. 
Ancient Maya warfare in popular culture.
Maya warfare was a major theme in Apocalypto (2006), directed by Mel Gibson. The film depicts the attack on a small village by warriors from a larger polity for the purpose of capturing men to be sacrificed atop a pyramid during a solar eclipse.
Warfare in contemporary Maya society.
Living Maya peoples have been subjected to violent genocide since the time of the Spanish Conquest. In recent times, this reached a peak during the regime of Efraín Ríos Montt in Guatemala in the 1980s, when a scorched earth policy was used against indigenous populations.
On January 1, 1994, several cities in the Mexican state of Chiapas were taken over by members of the primarily indigenous group Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional in protest of the North American Free Trade Agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="19432381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432381" title="Sunnyvale Heritage Park Museum">
Sunnyvale Heritage Park Museum

The Sunnyvale Heritage Park Museum is a historical museum located in Sunnyvale, California. Located next to the Sunnyvale Community Center and the Heritage Orchard, the museum is a replica of the original "Murphy Family Home".
The Martin Murphy family, founders of the City of Sunnyvale, constructed the Murphy Family Home in the 1850s. Since there were no sawmills near Sunnyvale at that time, the Murphy family had the home milled to their specifications in Bangor Maine, then shipped in pieces around Cape Horn to Sunnyvale, where it was later assembled. It was held together with wooden pegs and leather straps, and it was the first wood frame house in Sunnyvale. In 1958, the Murphy family home was made a California State Historical Landmark. In 1961, the house was demolished by the city due to extensive damage following a fire.
The Sunnyvale Historical Museum was dedicated and opened to the general public in September, 2008, as a testament to the history of Sunnyvale and the contributions made by the Martin Murphy family towards the founding of Sunnyvale. It was funded through public donations and contributions from the State of California and the City of Sunnyvale.
References.
Web:

</doc>
<doc id="19432403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432403" title="There's Gonna Be a Showdown">
There's Gonna Be a Showdown

"There's Gonna Be a Showdown" is a 1969 album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells, released by the record label Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="19432406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432406" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T12">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T12

The Men's 800m T12 had its first round held on September 18, beginning at 9:40 and its Final held on September 10 at 20:18.

</doc>
<doc id="19432453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432453" title="Scott Mutryn">
Scott Mutryn

Scott Mutryn is a former professional quarterback for the New England Patriots and the Amsterdam Admirals. He threw one touchdown pass in a Patriots practice and was then cut. 
A top recruit out of Saint Ignatius High School in Cleveland, Ohio, Mutryn played behind Mark Hartsell as a true freshman in 1994, but was redshirted in 1995 so he could compete with junior Matt Hasselbeck for the starting job in 1996. Mutryn won the job, but was replaced by Hasselbeck during the season. After splitting playing time with Hasselbeck in 1996, new head coach Tom O'Brien decided that Hasselbeck should be the team's only quarterback in 1997 and Mutryn spent the season on the bench. Mutryn started during his final season at Boston College, passing for 2,218 yards and 12 touchdowns for the 4-7 Eagles. Mutryn finished 10th in total career yardage (3,261), 6th overall in single season yardage (2,298 in 1998), 8th overall in passing yards (3,119), 9th overall in single season passing yards (2,218 in 1998), 7th in career passing attempts, 6th in career completion percentage (55.1%), and 8th in single season completion percentage (59.8%).
In 1999, Mutryn was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent. He competed against Drew Bledsoe, John Friesz, and Michael Bishop during the pre-season for a spot on the team, but did not make the final roster. Mutryn was signed by the Amsterdam Admirals on March 21, 2000 to replace the injured Jim Murphy. He was cut by the team on April 2, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19432464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432464" title="General Mills monster-themed breakfast cereals">
General Mills monster-themed breakfast cereals

The General Mills Corporation's monster-themed breakfast cereals, officially referred to collectively as the Monster Cereals, are five current, and formerly-distributed, breakfast cereal brands in North America. The series includes Count Chocula, Franken-Berry, and Boo-Berry, in addition to the long-discontinued, but temporarily resurrected, Fruit Brute and Fruity Yummy Mummy.
History.
In October 1971, the first two cereals in the line were introduced, Count Chocula (originally called "Dr. Count Chocula") and the strawberry-flavored Franken-Berry. In February 1972, Franken-Berry cereal included dye that turned some children's feces pink due to an inability to break down the heavily-dyed breakfast food, a symptom sometimes referred to as "Franken-Berry Stool." Boo-Berry, reputedly the first blueberry-flavored cereal, was released in 1973, and Fruit Brute the following year. Fruit Brute was discontinued by 1984 and replaced in 1987 by Fruity Yummy Mummy, which also had a short life as it was discontinued in 1993.
Since 2010, Franken-Berry, Boo-Berry, and Count Chocula cereals are manufactured and sold only for a few months during the autumn/Halloween season in September and October. These cereals are neither made nor sold the rest of the year. As of late 2010, information such as nutrition data and historical factoids can still be found on the official General Mills website at all times of the year.
In August 2013, it was revealed on Dinosaur Dracula that for the first time in history, General Mills was releasing all five monster cereals for purchase during the Halloween season. Both Fruit Brute, which was being released for the first time in 29 years and Fruity Yummy Mummy, which was being released for the first time in 20 years, would also receive updated packaging like the other cereals. Additionally, it was revealed on I-Mockery that special retro edition boxes of all five cereals with their original packaging art would be sold exclusively at Target.
Beginning in 2010, General Mills introduced Count Chocula cereal bars and Betty Crocker has released Franken-Berry and Boo-Berry Fruit Roll-Ups. Those products are also released seasonally, like the cereals.

</doc>
<doc id="19432467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432467" title="Joseph Nicholas Bell">
Joseph Nicholas Bell

Joseph Nicholas Bell (7 March 1864 – 17 December 1922) was a British Labour politician and Justice of the Peace. He was elected Member of Parliament for Newcastle East in the 1922 General Election, but died a month later. 
For many years Bell was General Secretary of the National Amalgamated Union of Labour. 
He was first selected in 1914 as Labour candidate for Leith Burghs to contest the by-election when he came third. In 1918 he was selected for the Edinburgh seat of Leith, but was replaced later that year. He was then selected by the Labour Party to fight the Newcastle East constituency at the 1922 General Election. Already ill, he was unable to travel from London to campaign in the seat, but was elected in his absence, defeating the Coalition Liberal MP, Harry Barnes. 
Bell died a month after his election, aged 58, and thus became one of only a handful of elected British MPs never to have taken their seats. 
At the subsequent by-election Arthur Henderson held the seat for Labour.

</doc>
<doc id="19432469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432469" title="Antigone of Troy">
Antigone of Troy

Antigone of Troy is a minor figure in Greek mythology. She is the daughter of the Trojan king Laomedon and the sister of Priam.
Antigone claimed that her hair was more beautiful than that of the goddess Hera. Hera, angered by such a claim, turned Antigone's hairs into snakes. Later another god, pitying her, turned her into a stork. Thereafter the stork preyed on snakes.

</doc>
<doc id="19432484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432484" title="Petrus Schaesberg">
Petrus Schaesberg

Petrus Graf Schaesberg (November 7, 1967 – September 22, 2008) was a German art historian, artist, editor, and teacher. 
Biography.
In 2004, Schaesberg earned his Ph.D. (summa cum laude) at Munich’s Institute of Art History, Ludwig Maximilian University. He taught at the Institute of Art History at Munich University, however he was never officially employed. At the time of his death, Schaesberg was an adjunct professor in the Art History department at Columbia University. Schaesberg’s book, "Das Aufgehobene Bild", discussed collage as a mode of painting — from Pablo Picasso to Richard Prince.
On September 22, 2008, Schaesberg was found dead in the courtyard of his Morningside Heights, Manhattan apartment. According to the medical examiner's office, Schaesberg committed suicide by jumping out of the window of his 8th floor apartment.
Books.
Regensburg: Verlag Schnell & Steiner, Edition ICCARUS, 1999, 232 pages 
Paris: Edition ICCARUS / FNAC, 1999, 230 pages 
With essays by Rainer Crone, Joseph Leo Koerner and Alexandra Gräfin Stosch
New York: Prestel Verlag 1998, 160 pages 
Munich: Prestel Verlag, 1998, 160 pages 
Lyrical Worlds. The paintings of Nikolaus Hipp.
Regensburg: Schnell & Steiner, Edition ICCARUS, 1998
(German and English edition), 128 pages 
Essays.
“Alexandra Paperno. Star Maps”
NCCA (National Center for Contemporary Arts), Moscow, 2007, pp. 5–14
“Stanley Kubrick. Inventor of Facts“ in: Rainer Crone, Drama & Shadows,
London: Phaidon Press, 2005, pp. 242–246.
(with foreword by Jeff Wall and essays by Rainer Crone and AlexandraStosch 
German Edition: Berlin: Phaidon, 2005
French Edition: Paris: Phaidon, 2005
Japanese Edition: Tokyo: Phaidon, 2005
“David Salle. Shattered Worlds. The Principle of Montage.” in: David Salle,
Moscow: Stella Art Gallery, 2004, pp. 3–13. 
“Andy Warhol. The Three Golden Rules of an Artist”
in: Pop Art. The John and Kimiko Powers Collection,New York: Gagosian Gallery, 2001, pp. 81–94
(with Rainer Crone) and with essays by Germano Celant, Jim Dine, Jeremy Gilbert-Rolfe, Judith Goldman, Dave Hickey, Linda Norden, Lane Relyea, Scott Rothkopf, and David Shapiro
Ed.(with introduction) “Paul Klee und Edward Ruscha. Projekt der Moderne. Sprache und Bild.“
Regensburg: Schnell & Steiner, Edition ICCARUS, 1998, pp. 9–19
“Andy Warhol. Heads (after Picasso)”
(English/German, Galerie Ropac, Paris/Salzburg, 1997
“Juan Usle. Ojo Roto”
Museu d’Art Contemporani, Barcelona, 1996
Exhibitions.
with ICCARUS

</doc>
<doc id="19432486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432486" title="Potongmun">
Potongmun

Potong Gate is the western gate of the inner complex of the walled city of Pyongyang (Pyongyang Castle). It was originally built in the sixth century as an official Koguryo construction, and was later rebuilt in 1473. It features a granite base topped by a two-story pavilion. The gate's pavilion was destroyed by American bombings during the destruction of Pyongyang in Korean War, but was later reconstructed in 1955.
It is listed as National Treasures #3 in North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19432490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432490" title="Haralson County High School">
Haralson County High School

Haralson County High School is a public comprehensive high school located in Tallapoosa, Georgia, USA. The school is located at 1655 Georgia Highway 120, Tallapoosa, Georgia. The principal is Topher Byrnes and the assistant principals are Dr. Kiley Thompson, Angie Campbell, and Janet Pope.
Student life.
Haralson County High School organizations and activities include band, chorus, drama, clubs, and athletics. In 2007, a fine arts facility was constructed, providing new classrooms for band, chorus, and visual art. The facility has a 537 seat state-of-the-art auditorium which is home of The Haralson County Golden River Concert Band Festival and Music Showcase Festival.
Athletics.
Football is one of the many sports at Haralson County with large attendance at games from the local community. Other sports include tennis, softball, baseball, volleyball, cross-country, track and field, and basketball. A practice gym was constructed along with renovations to the stadium as a part of the 2007 construction projects.
HOPE Academy.
The HOPE Academy (Haralson Option for Performance Excellence) is in separate building which also houses the math department. HOPE Academy is a different option for students to attend HCHS and take courses through an individualized and self-paced on-line curriculum. Students attending the HOPE Academy are eligible to attend all school functions, such as prom and graduation. The HOPE Academy meets 4-7:30 in the computer lab in the former Freshman Academy. For 2013-14 the enrollment is capped at 20 students. The HOPE Academy is not for students with behavioral issues, they continue to be referred to the alternative school, but rather to support those students who are at-risk of dropping out for a variety of reasons such as truancy issues, home-life issues, or conflicts with work or family obligations. The hope for the HOPE Academy is to provide true options for students to perform to their best ability in a smaller, more individualized setting in order to continue their education to graduation and successful transition to college and careers. 
Extracurricular classes.
At Haralson County High students can choose from extracurricular activities such as band, chorus, drama, visual art, computer technology, and work apprentice programs. There are carpentry classes and a mechanical shop. The apprentice program allows upperclassmen to leave school early and work alongside professionals or be a student aid worker for teachers or office staff. This allows students to learn about jobs they are interested in and how to work with co-workers.
The 120 member Marching Band is directed by Troy Thompson and Micky Summerville, and competes in three or four contests every year. The band hosts the Golden River Marching Festival on the third Saturday of every October. On average, around twenty four bands come and perform before judges, being rated in band, color guard, danceline, drum major and percussion. The band also hosts the Golden River Concert Band Festival on the third Saturday of every March. The band performs in two major concerts per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19432569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432569" title="The Old Mill Restaurant">
The Old Mill Restaurant

The Old Mill Restaurant was restaurant in an 1870s former mill building located in the Downtown Historic District of Acworth, Georgia, U.S.
History.
The Old Mill Restaurant is located in Historic Downtown Acworth. John Cowan originally built this building around 1870 after he struck gold in the Missouri River which is significant because before the gold search he told his partners it was their last chance. John Cowan went west in the late 1850s to seek fortune in Montana’s Black Hills. The “Last Chance Gulch” was one of the largest gold discoveries in the history of the United States. He returned home and built “The Mill” which was originally for manufacturing flour called “Lynette Flour”. John Cowan, Frank Cowan, Bill Palmer and Henry Rusk became known as “The Four Georgians”. 
The Mill mysteriously burnt down in 1992 and left nothing but scrub trees and vines’ covering the building and was rebuilt into the restaurant. This restaurant is important to the City of Acworth because it has been there since the 1800s. It is one of the few buildings that have actually been in Acworth for that many years they created a restaurant where people could appreciate the historical background that took place. John Cowan returned to Acworth a very wealthy man and became a much respected businessman in the community of Acworth.

</doc>
<doc id="19432584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432584" title="Claire Tallent">
Claire Tallent

Claire Tallent (born Claire Woods on 6 July 1981 in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian racewalker.
She has represented Australia at the Olympic Games, World Championships in Athletics and medalled at the 2010 Delhi Commonwealth Games. She is married to international racewalker and dual Olympic medallist, Jared Tallent. She was nineteenth at the 2010 IAAF World Race Walking Cup, but reached the podium at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, where she claimed the silver medal behind England's Johanna Jackson.
Tallent began her 2011 season with a husband and wife double at the Australian 20 km walk championships, taking the women's title while her husband won on the men's side.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19432600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432600" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T13

The Men's 800m T13 had its Final held on September 15 at 17:34.

</doc>
<doc id="19432628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432628" title="Roswell High School">
Roswell High School

Roswell High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19432696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432696" title="Conception Vessel">
Conception Vessel

Conception Vessel is the debut album by Paul Motian released on the ECM label in 1973. It was recorded on November 25 & 26 1972 at Butterfly and Sound Ideas Studios, New York City, and features performances by Motian with Keith Jarrett, Charlie Haden, Leroy Jenkins, Sam Brown and Becky Friend.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 4 stars stating "This is Motian's debut as a leader. It includes ambitious cuts with guitarist Sam Brown and also features pianist Keith Jarrett.".

</doc>
<doc id="19432732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432732" title="Nagabonar">
Nagabonar

Nagabonar is a 1987 Indonesian comedy film directed by M.T. Risyaf. It was Indonesia's submission to the 60th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee. In 2007, the sequel named Nagabonar Jadi 2 released.
Synopsis.
Naga Bonar is a pickpocket. During the withdrawal of the Japanese occupying forces from Indonesia in 1945 he declares himself a general of the Liberation Forces. However, soon a mask becomes his true self, and he becomes a true soldier and patriot.

</doc>
<doc id="19432739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432739" title="Salim Veragi">
Salim Veragi

Salim Veragi (born 28 July 1986) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who plays for Baroda. He was born in Tankariya.
Veragi made his first-class debut in January 2008, in the Elite Group semi-final of the 2007-08 Ranji Trophy tournament, playing against Delhi. Batting as a tailender, Veragi finished not-out in the first innings, and was caught and bowled by Chetan Nanda in the second innings of the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19432743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432743" title="Daniel Dayan">
Daniel Dayan

Daniel Dayan is a French social scientist born in 1943. A fellow of the Marcel Mauss Institute at Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales, and of the Levinas European Institute, Dayan has been Director of Research in Sociology, at Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, professor of Media Theory at the Institut d' Etudes Politiques,(Sciences-po) Paris and a Hans Speier Visiting Professor at the New school for Social Research, New York .
Dayan holds degrees in Anthropology, Comparative literature, Semiotics & film studies from the Sorbonne, Stanford University and L’Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales where he received a Ph.D in Aesthetics under the direction of Roland Barthes. 
Dayan has been a visiting lecturer & visiting professor in Media Sociology and Film Theory at numerous European and American universities including Paris II-Institut Français de Presse; Paris III-Sorbonne Nouvelle; Hebrew University Jerusalem; Tel Aviv University ; Moscow-RGGU, Milano; Stanford-France ; The University of Southern California; The University of Pennsylvania; The University of Oslo; The University of Geneva. 
From 1999 to 2004 Dayan was a member of the European Science Foundation Media ( « Changing media, Changing Europe »). In 2000 he was a resident of the Rockefeller Foundation, Bellagio. In 2001, he served as a foreign expert on media studies for the British “Research Assessment Exercise”. In 2005 he was invited as a resident fellow at the Institute for Advanced Studies, Hebrew University, and as an Annenberg Scholar at the University of Pennsylvania. In 2006 he was the Free Speech visiting professor at the University of Bergen. In 2010, he received the ICA Fellows Award for the book Media Events: The Live Broadcasting of History, co-authored with American sociologist Elihu Katz. In 2013 he was invited to give the seventh William Phillips lecture ( Partisan Review ) in New York. 
Dayan’s work is available in 13 languages. His most recent books are La Terreur spectacle: Terrorisme et Télévision (Paris. INA-De Boek, 2006 ; translated into Portuguese in 2009 ); Televisao Das Audiencias aos Publicos ( with Jose Carlos Abrantes, Lisboa, Livros Horizonte, 2006); Owning the Olympics. Narratives of the New China (with Monroe Price, N Y, Michigan University Press, 2008.
Dayan has been a translator, a journal editor, and a media commentator, in print and on screen. He took part in three documentaries and contributed chapters to about a hundred books or journals. including : Les Annales, Annals of the American Social and Political sciences ; the American journal of Sociology ;Communications ;Le Débat ; Film Quarterly ; The Journal of Communication ; L’Homme ; Religion ; Terrain ; Etudes ; Media, Culture and Society ; Partisan Review ; Réseaux ; Revista de Occidente. 
Current work: attention, visibility, regard.
Dayan’s work is characterized by an emphasis on visual forms in the mass media. It covers three interrelated areas. (1) the aesthetics of cinema (2) the anthropology of television, (3) the sociology of media and publics .
Dayan’s current research is concerned with understanding the role of media in managing social attention. It focuses on the anthropology of showing .
Ethnographic explorations of granting, denying or imposing attention in situations of protest, conflict or controversy contribute to a discussion of the status of visibility in contemporary societies and its role in providing regard . 
Bibliography.
Selected Books :
Selected Papers :

</doc>
<doc id="19432748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432748" title="John Knight (Australian politician)">
John Knight (Australian politician)

John William Knight (20 November 19434 March 1981) was an Australian politician. He represented the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) in the Senate, for the Liberal Party of Australia, from 1975 until his death in 1981.
John Knight was born in Armidale, New South Wales. He gained a Bachelor of Arts from the University of New England and a Master of Arts from the East–West Center, Hawaii, as a Fulbright scholar. He was Private Secretary to Billy Snedden, then became a diplomat. He was secretary of the ACT Branch of the Liberal Party in 1974-75. In 1975 he was Visiting Fellow at the Australian National University.
In 1975, the ACT and the Northern Territory each became entitled to elect two senators to the Senate, and John Knight (Liberal) and Susan Ryan (Labor) were elected as the ACT's first two senators on 13 December 1975. He was re-elected at the 1977 election. 
John Knight represented the Commonwealth government at the bicentenary celebrations of Captain James Cook's arrival in Hawaii, in January 1978. In March 1978 he was appointed the Government Deputy Whip in the Senate.
Knight died suddenly on 4 March 1981 before such ambitions could be realised. The casual vacancy created by his death was filled by Margaret Reid.

</doc>
<doc id="19432754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432754" title="Tjoet Nja' Dhien">
Tjoet Nja' Dhien

"Tjoet Nja' Dhien" (pronounced ) is a 1988 Indonesian film directed by Eros Djarot and starring Piet Burnama, Christine Hakim, Rudy Wowor, and Slamet Rahardjo. Based on the life's story of female Acehnese guerrilla leader Cut Nyak Dhien, it focuses on the six-year period between her second husband, Teuku Umar's death and her capture by the Dutch colonial army. "Tjoet Nja' Dhien" was released to critical acclaim, winning 9 Citra Awards as well as Best International Film at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival. It also became Indonesia's submission to the 62nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Historical background.
"Tjoet Nja' Dhien" is based on the life of Cut Nyak Dhien, an Acehnese strategist, political mentor, and freedom fighter. Born to an aristocratic family in Aceh Besar in 1848, Dhien married Teuku Cek Ibrahim Lamnga at a young age. After her father and husband died in separate attempts to repel the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army during the Second Aceh Expedition, Dhien swore revenge against the Dutch colonials.
Dhien started leading troops in the war against the Dutch, eventually uniting her forces with Teuku Umar's. They married in 1880 and she became his chief strategist and political mentor, eventually taking control of the united forces after his death in 1899. The continued fighting took a toll on her health, as she slowly became more fragile.
Due to her deteriorating health, Pang Laot, one of troops, secretly approached the Dutch and offered to surrender Dhien to them on the condition that she be treated fairly. The Dutch stated their agreement, and Dhien was captured on 4 November 1905 in Meulaboh, western Aceh. Imprisoned in Banda Aceh then exiled to Sumedang, West Java, Dhien died in 1908. Since her death she has become one of the most prominent fighters from the Aceh War, being declared a National Hero in 1964.
Production.
Director Eros Djarot required two years to complete filming.
Christine Hakim was chosen for the title role of Cut Nyak Dhien. She later described the role as a "huge honour" and "very challenging"; she also credits the role for answering her questions on her identity.
Plot.
"Tjoet Nja' Dhien" focuses on the six-year period between Umar's death and Dhien's capture by the Dutch. Leading her guerrilla troops, Dhien fights against the Dutch colonial army. Although she is supported by her troops and many Acehnese people, some Acehnese leaders have begun collaborating with the Dutch. Within the Dutch military, some commanders and troops commit "barbarous and cruel acts", while others supply weapons to the Acehnese. Eventually, Dhien is captured; not long afterwards, an intertitle stating that the Acehnese continued to fight is shown prior to the credits.
Symbolism.
According to Deanne Schultz, "Tjoet Nja' Dhien" shows the Acehnese guerrillas powered by determination against "overwhelming odds", as well righteous Islamic faith, as contrasted by the commercially-motivated Dutch military and colonials. Cut Nyak Dhien herself, steadfastly believing that the Dutch soldiers are "infidels" who have "soiled the land", serves to unite her people in the Aceh War. Schultz argues that the intertitle shown at the end of the film suggests that Dhien's struggle ultimately led to Indonesian independence.
Reception.
The film was well received in Indonesia, winning 9 Citra Awards at the 1988 Indonesian Film Festival.
It was chosen as Indonesia's submission to the 62nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also the first Indonesian movie chosen for screening at the Cannes Film Festival, where it was awarded Best International Film in 1989.
In 2006, Ade Irwansyah of "Tabloid Bintang" listed "Tjoet Nja' Dhien" as the best Indonesian film of all time, calling it the "peak achievement of [Indonesia's] film industry up till now."
Schultz writes that "Tjoet Nja' Dhien" has "many of the best qualities of popular narrative cinema", including powerful cinematography, a "brave, smart, pious, and loving" main character, and credible villains.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19432759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432759" title="Kenney Krysko">
Kenney Krysko

Dr. Kenneth L. Krysko is a well known Florida herpetologist. He was educated at Florida State University during his undergrad years and then at the University of Florida, where he earned his Ph.D. in Wildlife Ecology and Conservation. He is known for his expert knowledge on geckos and other invasive species in Florida. He is currently the collection manager of Herpetology at the Florida Museum of Natural History. In his spare time, he enjoys fossil collecting, fishing, painting with acrylics, and petting his cats.
Dr. Krysko teaches Herpetology at the University of Florida. He is an avid fossil hunter, and enjoys trying to find Megalodon teeth. He is currently known best for his research in the field of reptile genetics, where he has discovered genetic variations in the Eastern Indigo Snake. He is well respected for his research in kingsnake genetics, and he "invented" a technique for capturing lizards by using a fishing line with a tiny hook baited with crickets. He was recently consulted for an episode of the show MonsterQuest, dealing with the rumor about alligators living in the sewers of New York City.
References.
Dr. Kenneth Krysko's Current Research [http://www.flmnh.ufl.edu/herpetology/kk/kkresearch.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19432760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432760" title="Charlemae Hill Rollins">
Charlemae Hill Rollins

Charlemae Hill Rollins (June 20, 1897 – February 3, 1979) was a pioneering librarian, author and storyteller in the area of African-American literature. During her thirty-one years as head librarian of the children’s department at the Chicago Public Library as well as after her retirement, she instituted substantial reforms in children’s literature.
Life.
Rollins was born in Yazoo City, Mississippi, to Allen G. Hill, a farmer, and Birdie Tucker Hill, a teacher. Her family moved to Beggs in Oklahoma Territory hoping to find better living conditions, but discovered that black children were excluded from attending school. Undeterred, Rollins’s family founded a school which Rollins attended.
After completing her elementary education, Rollins attended black high schools in St Louis, Missouri, Holly Springs, Mississippi, and Quindoro, Kansas, where she graduated in 1916. After earning her teaching certificate, she taught at the school her family had set up before leaving to attend Howard University. She returned after a year to marry Joseph Walter Rollins on April 8, 1918. The couple moved to Chicago in 1919, after Joseph returned from World War I. Their son, Joseph Walter Rollins, Jr., was born in 1920.
Rollins became a children’s librarian at the Chicago Public Library in 1927. Initially, she worked at the Hardin Square Branch Library, where she became known as a prolific storyteller. Though she did not earn a degree, Rollins received library training from Columbia College in the summer of 1932, and the graduate library program of the University of Chicago from 1934-1936. It is not surprising Rollins chose to concentrate in children's literature, calling learning to read at a young age "the best thing I ever did." Rollins's grandmother, a former slave, was a pivotal person in her life. She helped Rollins cultivate her love of reading by allowing her access to her library. This passion helped drive Rollins to become a librarian.
Chicago’s black population swelled as more families moved north for better education, work and living conditions. Racism (de jure & de facto) was rampant, contrasting with the benign attitude towards blacks before 1915. Since then, tensions had progressed, and culminated in events like the Chicago Race Riot of 1919. In such an atmosphere, no library was founded for the community until the George Cleveland Hall Branch Library opened in 1932. The first branch built in a black neighborhood, the library had a variety of patrons from various racial & economic groups. Rollins became the head of the children’s department, where she worked until retiring in 1963.
Rollins worked with the library director, Vivian Harsh, to make the library welcoming to the multicultural, socioeconomically diverse patrons. Under their guidance, the library hosted discussion groups, lectures, a Negro History Club, and book fairs. In addition to her work with children, Rollins also set up a reading guidance clinic for parents. Many notable black writers visited the library, including Richard Wright, Zora Neale Hurston, Margaret Walker, and Langston Hughes, with whom Rollins developed a friendship.
Besides these contributions to librarianship, Rollins also taught at Morgan College in Baltimore, Maryland, and summers at Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee. She also began teaching a course in Children’s Literature at Roosevelt University in 1949 and continued until 1979.
Rollins died on February 3, 1979, at the age of 81.
Literature reforms.
Much of the literature available to young children in the earlier half of the twentieth century was rife with stereotypical portrayals of blacks, including false dialects, illustrations, and offensive words. While many libraries nationwide did not have a segregationist agenda, neither were they quick to invite blacks to utilize the collections.
Rollins crusaded to change the content in many children’s and young adult books to accurately portray black life. Her first publication in 1941, "We Build Together: A Reader's Guide to Negro Life and Literature for Elementary and High School Use, " is a bibliography of books suitable for young African-American children that sought to eliminate negative black stereotypes. Biographies, nonfiction, and sports genres are represented alongside picture and fiction books for children and young adults.
Rollins was primarily concerned with providing materials that portrayed African-Americans in a positive light, as well as materials by and about blacks. "We Build Together" was written to create an index of “books that Negro children could enjoy without self-consciousness, books with which they could identify satisfactorily, books that white children could read and so learn what Negro young people and families were like.” She also believed that positive black literature could also help foster tolerance between races by knocking these stereotypical conceptions down. "We Build Together" cemented Rollins's reputation as a prominent leader in children's literature. Publishers began sending her copies of books to evaluate.
Rollins was also a noted storyteller. In “The Art of Storytelling,” she wrote, “Storytelling is a wonderful way of breaking down barriers, or getting acquainted with new people, and drawing groups and individuals together.” Her stories were based on positive news articles about blacks, folk tales, or stories her grandmother had told her.
After retiring, Rollins turned her hand to writing. She published "Christmas Gif’, an Anthology of Christmas Poems, Songs and Stories Written by and about Negroes" in 1963. Her passion for storytelling is reflected in the variety of excerpts from Paul Laurence Dunbar, Booker T. Washington, and Gwendolyn Brooks.
The rest of Rollins’s books were biographies, in keeping with her strong sentiment that they were the best kind of books for young children: “genre includes the greatest number of Negro authors. It is here that all children can build a firm foundation of knowledge of and respect for Negroes. They will be prepared for the first introduction to the concept of different skin color…They now can feel that America is indeed their country”
Leadership.
Rollins served as president of the Children’s Services Division of the American Library Association from 1957 to 1958. She was the first black librarian to hold the position. She also chaired the Jane Addams Children’s Book Award Committee for the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom, as well as the Newbery-Caldecott Award Committee from 1956-1957. Rollins served on the advisory committee for the "Bulletin of the Center for Children’s Books" at the University of Chicago from 1941-1977.
Books.
In all, Rollins wrote or co-wrote six books:
She also edited and contributed to countless other works.
Honors and awards.
Rollins received an honorary life membership in the ALA in 1972, the first African-American to do so. On October 21, 1989, the children’s room at the Hall Branch Library was named in Rollins’ honor. The Charlemae Hill Rollins Colloquium is held twice a year at North Carolina Central University, where attendees discuss how to improve library services for children.
Rollins was also honored by Columbia College in 1974 with a doctorate of humane letters. Despite Rollins’ long career promoting education, this was the first degree she had ever received: “But you can still touch me even now—it’s the only degree I’ve ever had.”
Additionally, she received:

</doc>
<doc id="19432769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432769" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T36">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T36

The Men's 800m T36 had its Final held on September 16 at 11:03.

</doc>
<doc id="19432792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432792" title="Joseph Barsky">
Joseph Barsky

Joseph Barsky (died 1943 in Haifa), an architect, was born in Russia and immigrated to Jerusalem in 1907.
Barsky was a graduate of the Architectural College of Odessa and of the St. Petersburg Imperial Academy of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="19432794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432794" title="New South Wales D50 class locomotive">
New South Wales D50 class locomotive

The D50 class was a class of 2-8-0 steam locomotives built for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
The first was delivered in May 1896 by Beyer, Peacock and Company with further orders over the next 20 years seeing the class number 280. Their second and third coupled wheel tyres were flangeless to reduce curve friction.
During the First World War, an additional 10 locomotives of this class were under construction at the North British Locomotive Company, but these were not delivered to Australia, being taken over by the British War Office for the Royal Engineers Railway Operating Division. After the war, they were offered back to the New South Wales Government Railways at higher than new prices and in a badly worn condition. They were declined and were subsequently acquired by a Belgian railway and, following rebuilding, assigned to work coal trains along the Meuse Valley. The Commonwealth Railways also chose this design to be their first goods locomotive class, building eight K-class, for the Trans-Australian Railway.
The last 75 were built with superheaters and after being judged a success many of the class were retrofitted. Many of the class received turret type tenders in later years which provided better visibility when operating in reverse.
In the 1930s 72 were withdrawn and after being used during the load testing of the Sydney Harbour Bridge in 1932 with most scrapped, although 14 were rebuilt with superheaters and returned to service. By mid-1964 there were only 113 left in service with the class by now normally restricted to working coal trains in the Hunter Valley and shunting duties in the larger marshalling yards throughout the system.

</doc>
<doc id="19432797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432797" title="Micayle McKinney">
Micayle McKinney

Micayle "THE MACK" McKinney (born Dallas,TX) is an American record producer, musician, composer and songwriter more commonly known as "THE MACK" OR "MACK" who has produced songs for NeYo, Diddy, Cody Simpson, Brandy and former co-founding member of production team, Stereotypes.And is now of the Production team known as Mystery Men.
Early life.
The son of Mike McKinney noted bass player for Michael Jackson, Sérgio Mendes. The MACK was born in Dallas, TX growing up between Los Angeles, CA and Oklahoma City, OK learning Piano,Drums,and Guitar.
Awards and nominations.
2009 Sesac Award.
Awarded SESAC Producer/Songwriter of the year award
Recognition.
In 2013 has been nominated for the Juno Award for Pop Album of the Year for producing on Victoria Duffield's Shut Up And Dance.
This nomination now makes him one of the few to be nominated in the category for Album of the year for the Grammy's and Canada's Juno Award for Album of the year.
MACK was named as one of Billboard Magazines Top 10 Songwriters/Producers to watch (Oct,2008)
Soundtrack Work.
2004 
2011 The Hustle(Co-Scored)
2012 Red Tails
Recent Producer/Songwriter Credits.
Brandy - Best Friend

</doc>
<doc id="19432800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432800" title="Karen K. Caldwell">
Karen K. Caldwell

Karen Kaye Caldwell (b. 1956, Stanford, Kentucky) is the Chief United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky.
Education and prior career.
Caldwell earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in 1977 from Transylvania University, and her J.D. from University of Kentucky College of Law in 1980. She worked as a field claims representative for State Farm Insurance from 1980 until 1987, and also worked as an adjunct professor at Eastern Kentucky University during the years of 1984, 1985, and 1987. She then served as an Assistant U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky, from 1987 to 1990. She was promoted to U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky in 1991, and served in that capacity until 1993, when she entered private practice. One of the firms Caldwell worked for was Dinsmore & Shohl, where she was made partner at their Louisville, Kentucky office. Caldwell also temporarily returned to teaching, serving as an adjunct professor at her "alma mater", Transylvania University, during the 2000 school year.
Judicial nomination.
Caldwell was nominated by President George W. Bush on September 4, 2001, to a seat vacated by Henry Rupert Wilhoit, Jr.. She was confirmed by the Senate on October 23, 2001, and received her commission on October 24, 2001. She became Chief Judge on January 9, 2013.
In 2007, she was honored by the University of Kentucky College of Law and the Kentucky Bar Association by being inducted into the College's Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19432802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432802" title="My Sky, My Home">
My Sky, My Home

My Sky, My Home () is a 1990 Indonesian film directed by Slamet Rahardjo. It was Indonesia's submission to the 63rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="19432815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432815" title="Tep Rindaro">
Tep Rindaro

Tep Rindaro (),(born 1963 in Samrong, Battambang province, Cambodia) is Cambodian actor and singer, who started acting in 1987. With career spanning more than two decades, he is one of the longest starring actor in Cambodia since the fall of Khmer Rouge.
Early life.
Tep Rindaro was born in village of Samrong, Battambang province, in western Cambodia and had a passion for films since the early age. His father had forbid him from pursuing a career in the film industry but Tep Rindaro had already made up his mind, secretly. His father wanted him to become a doctor and because he was a good child, Rindaro decided to at least study something practical. In 1981, he got a scholarship to study in Russia as an airplane mechanic, but he continued to dream of stardom. He worked as a mechanic mainly for the benefit of his parents. In 1984, he returned from Russia to Cambodia with qualifications, but with no employment opportunities available in Phnom Penh at the time, Tep once again left Cambodia. Since there was no need for employments at the Pochentong airport of Cambodia, Tep decided to leave for Vietnam and work at Ho Chi Minh's airport for three years.
Career.
Early success.
While returning home from Ho Chi Minh City in 1987, he was stopped by other driver, owner of film production company. He knows Rindaro from Battambang and because of his look similar to certain actor, famous at that time, he was offered role in film "Secret Tears in the Quiet Purple Night". With no acting training, his ability to act came merely from television and his own imagination. Although he has been promised to, Rindaro in fact never got paid for his acting in his first film. Even though the film wasn't really successful, he gathered attention of other producers, and so he was offered roles in other film. like Bopha Phnom Penh by Fai Som Ang or Ark Kambang Kech Sanyar. In the later he for the first time met actress Ampor Tevi, who then become his most common acting partner for more than decade. In the early 90's he usually star in more than ten movies per year. In 1994, he was cast in Peasants in Distress, drama film written and directed by in that time ruling king Norodom Sihanouk. As one of the most famous Cambodian celebrity of that time, Tep Rindaro with some other local celebrities attended a tour in United States of America, which has large community of Cambodians escaped during the Khmer Rouge era.
Later career.
During the late 90's Cambodian cinema suffered from crisis and with shortcome of roles, Tep Rindaro started to record karaoke videos. Some of them were with Dy Saveth, most popular actress of pre-Khmer Rouge cinema. Until 2001 all films made in Cambodia were cheap productions released directly to video, however this changed when Fai Sam Ang directed horror The Snake King's Child, based on famous Khmer legend about Snake King. This first full-length feature film for cinema to be produced in Cambodia since 1975 featured Thai leading man Winai Kraibutr, and Tep Rindaro was offered role of Snake King, with his longtime acting partner Ampor Tevi as his lover. This was also the last collaboration of this famous pair on screen, as Ampor Tevi some time after release ended her career and moved to USA. After big success of The Snake King’s Child, Tep Rindaro continued in acting in more films and karaoke videos, and was offered role in some Norodom Sihanouk productions, like comedy Lon Nol Lon Non Lonnoliens, and dramas Arsina, Le Cid Khmer and La Chatelaine de Banareath. Since 2010's, he starred in some Khmer Mekong Films TV series, such as AirWaves, Beauty of Life and My Family My Heart.
Personal life.
Tep Rindaro got married in 1987, in marriage arranged by parents of both sides. They've got one daughter, however the relationship lasted for only one year, before the couple got divorced in 1988. Shortly after that, his ex-wife with daughter left Cambodia, and are now living abroad.
He never got married again, but he has been taking care of two children of his deceased sister.
Awards.
In 2005 he was awarded with a Certificate of Appreciation from Princess Bopha Devi on behalf of the Ministry of Culture and Fine Arts and also received Royal Officer rank called Sina. Later he was promoted by the King Norodom Sihamoni to a higher rank of Sina Mony Sophon. In 2012 he acquired Empire of Star Award.
Other activities.
He is the owner of a coffee bar in town of Siem Reap in western Cambodia.

</doc>
<doc id="19432826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432826" title="Ernst Rudolf Vogenauer">
Ernst Rudolf Vogenauer

Ernst Rudolf Vogenauer (25 April 1897 – 29 December 1972) was a German graphic artist. After World War I, he worked as a poster designer and a book illustrator. He also designed banknotes, postage stamps, wooden toys, and ceramics.
Early life.
As a child, he lived in a bi-national family and was very fond of music and culture. His father, George Vogenauer (1868–1950), was a Catholic tailor from the Bavarian city of Königstein. His mother, Anna Maria Haenni (1869–1950), was the Protestant daughter of a tailor and came from Uttigen-Kinnersrüti, near Bern. Ernst Vogenauer's parents were married in 1893 in Munich, where they lived from 1893 to 1945. The couple raised their four children with a taste for work and studies. Ernst was imaginative and an unstimulated child. Gifted in alto voice, violin playing and drawing, he was aspired to become a graphic artist. 
Ernst Rudolf's sister, Babette Vogenauer (1893–1950), immigrated to France in 1911 with her spouse and two brothers, Andreas Vogenauer, a German science teacher (1894–1952), and Gottfried Vogenauer (1902–1984), a German economics teacher and author. In 1955, Gottfried wrote a private chronicle about the Vogenauer-Haenni family tree and its German and French descendants. Gottfried also wrote a collection of poems, "Reifende Seele" (Ripening Soul). The manuscript is kept in a collection of handwritten documents at the Bavarian State Library.
Career.
Ernst Vogenauer studied in Munich during his early childhood and was a bright student of Fritz Helmut Ehmcke (1878–1965). At the same time, he worked for the Consee's art printing office in Munich. In 1921, he left Munich for a job at the National Printing Office in Berlin where he worked until World War II. He married his wife, Minna, in 1925, who a few years later had their first only son. It was also at that time in the 1920s that he illustrated an edition of the Bavarian novel "Der Wittiber" (The Widower) by the German writer Ludwig Thoma (1867–1921). He was gifted in various artistic crafts.
In spite of his respect for the Old Masters, he had an open mind about art and was attracted by futurism, cubism, and expressionism with regard to his official work for the National Printing Office of Berlin, and to avoid trouble, he often preferred to mark some of his private artistic works with the special signature "Saturn". His artistic friends were mainly Binder, Peter Kraemer (1896–1972), son of an American Bavarian painter also named Peter Kraemer and Carl Johann Rabus (1898–1983), a German expressionist painter. Carl Rabus made a self-portrait with Vogenauer (circa 1927 to 1937) titled: "Zwei Freunde, Selbst mit Ernst Vogenauer" ("Two friends, Ernst Vogenauer and I"). Today this oil painting is in the private collection of Gerhard Schneider. After World War II, Vogenauer became an art teacher in the High Art School of Berlin-Weissensee, in East Germany.
Ernst Rudolf Vogenauer was involved with German expressionism and participated in different international events such as the "First exhibition of modern art" in Bucharest.
From 1946 to 1962 he worked as docent at the Berlin-Weissensee Art School (Kunsthochschule Berlin-Weissensee).

</doc>
<doc id="19432830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432830" title="Cercocarpus betuloides">
Cercocarpus betuloides

Cercocarpus betuloides, the birchleaf mountain mahogany, is a species of flowering plant in the rose family, Rosaceae. It typically grows in dry areas in the foothills and mountains of California, often in chaparral communities, and in other parts of the Southwestern United States and Baja California. 
Description.
This shrub is typically size of three to five meters (9 to 15 feet) in height. The etymology of the genus name is the Greek "kerkos" ("tail"), referring to the tail-like appearance of the fruit; and "carpus" ("fruit"), thus, "fruit with tail". "Betula" is the birch genus, and the species name refers to the birch-like leaves. 
The leaves are distinctive in that they have smooth edges from the base to about half way up, then are wavy or toothed to the rounded tip. The white flowers are small, clustered, and mildly scented. The fruit is a tubular achene with the long, plumelike flower style still attached. The reddish wood of the shrub is very hard and was used by Californian Native American peoples to make arrows, fishing spears, and digging sticks.
Taxonomy.
There are three varieties:
"Cercocarpus betuloides" is sometimes treated as a part of "Cercocarpus montanus", var. "glaber" in particular.
Habitat.
Common shrub associates within the chaparral community include toyon.

</doc>
<doc id="19432848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432848" title="Mer's Lips">
Mer's Lips

"Mer's Lips" () is a 1992 Indonesian film directed by Arifin C. Noer. It was Indonesia's submission to the 65th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="19432860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432860" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T37">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T37

The Men's 800m T37 had its Final held on September 10 at 19:56.

</doc>
<doc id="19432875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432875" title="Charles James Mathew">
Charles James Mathew

Charles James Mathew CBE KC (24 October 1872 – 8 January 1923) was a British lawyer and Labour politician. He was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Whitechapel and St Georges in the 1922 general election, but died 7 weeks later. 
The second son of Sir James Charles Mathew LJ, Charles James Mathew was educated at the The Oratory School, Edgbaston, Birmingham and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He was called to the Bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1897 and took silk in 1913, specialising in Chancery cases. He was also an expert in Trade Union law.
A member of the London County Council since 1910, Mathew was also a member of the Statutory Committee on War Pensions and Chairman of the Special Grants Committee. He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1917.
Mathew's political views had moved steadily closer to the Labour Party, and he was selected by the party to fight the Whitechapel and St. George's constituency at the 1922 General Election. At the poll, he defeated the incumbent Liberal MP, James Kiley by just 428 votes.
Mathew died, aged 50, after an operation, less than two months after his election, becoming one of the shortest-serving MPs in history. At the subsequent by-election Harry Gosling held the seat for Labour.
A Roman Catholic, he married in 1896, Anna, daughter of James Cassidy, of Monasterevin, County Kildare. There were two sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19432878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432878" title="Rodrigo de la Rosa">
Rodrigo de la Rosa

Rodrigo de la Rosa is a Mexican actor, best known for a list of telenovas. He starred in 3 successful Mexican telenovas, "Daniela 2002", "El Alma Herida 2003", and "La Ley del Silencio 2005", although he has appeared in musicals such as "Man of La Mancha" (1999), "Jesus Christ Superstar" (2000) and "Les Miserables" (2002-2003) playing the role of "Marius" He also appeared in an episode of Inspector Mom, and in the 2007 American straight to DVD film "Walking Tall:Lone Justice" opposite Kevin Sorbo. Also in 2007 he hosted the Mexican talk show Sin tapujos. In 2010 he starred in the new version of the novela "Perro Amor" and in 2011 in novela "Alguien te mira" as Pedro Pablo Peñafiel. In 2012 he starred ``El Rostro de la Venganza´´ as a prisoner called Leyton alongside David Chocarro, Marlene Favela and Saul Lisazo. 

</doc>
<doc id="19432894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432894" title="Tribute (Paul Motian album)">
Tribute (Paul Motian album)

Tribute is the second album by Paul Motian to be released on the ECM label. It was released in 1974 and features performances by Motian with Carlos Ward, Charlie Haden, Paul Metzke, and Sam Brown.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "This effort by drummer Paul Motian does not say who the "tribute" is for. Two numbers (the leader's "Victoria" and "Song for Che") feature the trio of guitarist Sam Brown (an underrated player), bassist Charlie Haden and Motian; the remaining three songs (a pair of Motian originals and Ornette Coleman's "War Orphans") add the second guitar of Paul Metzke and the fiery alto of Carlos Ward. Fine post-bop music that contains more energy than many ECM recordings.".

</doc>
<doc id="19432901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432901" title="Hannah Davis">
Hannah Davis

Hannah Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19432905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432905" title="Wellington Secondary School">
Wellington Secondary School

Wellington Secondary School is a public high school located in Nanaimo, British Columbia. It is part of School District 68 Nanaimo-Ladysmith and is known for its music, film and athletics programs.
Wellington secondary school is the catchment school for the Wellington, Departure Bay and Uplands neighbourhoods.
History.
Wellington Secondary was founded in 1967 as a junior high school, grades 8 through 10. Since its initial construction in 1966 and 1967, the building has had additions in 1973, 1979, and 2001. Five elementary schools currently feed into Wellington Secondary.
From 1875 to 1944, Wellington Public School was the school located on the top field behind what is now called Mount Benson Elementary School. Although Wellington Secondary is a relatively new school, it has the historical "Wellington" neighbourhood school name, which predates the province's oldest high school, (Victoria High School, est. 1876) by one year.
Music.
Wellington Secondary consists of numerous award-winning jazz bands and concert bands, under the direction of award-winning music teacher Carmella Luvisotto. Luvisotto, a personal friend of jazz musicians Ingrid Jensen and Diana Krall, has provided her students with many unique and memorable musical opportunities throughout the years. The concert bands, which include a grade 8 concert band and a senior concert band, have travelled to various festivals in British Columbia. The jazz bands, which range from grade 9 to 12, have also been to a number of festivals, including the Envision Jazz Festival in Surrey, British Columbia, the Lionel Hampton Jazz Festival in Moscow, Idaho, and MusicFest Canada in Vancouver (1998), Richmond (2005 and 2007), Montreal (2004), Ottawa (2001, 2006, 2008 and 2010), Toronto (1999, 2000, 2003 and 2009), and Calgary (2002).
Athletics.
Wellington Secondary's athletics program includes volleyball, basketball, soccer, and rugby teams. In 2005, the Wellington Senior Boys Basketball team came second in the AAA Provincial Basketball Tournament.
The school mascot is Welly the Wildcat.
School Tournaments.
Wellington Secondary holds a variety of tournaments in multiple fields. Some of these tournaments are:

</doc>
<doc id="19432922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432922" title="Paulding County School District">
Paulding County School District

The Paulding County School District is a public school district in Paulding County, Georgia, Georgia, USA, based in Dallas, Georgia. It serves the communities of Braswell, Dallas, and Hiram, Georgia.
Schools.
The Paulding County school district is composed of thirty-three schools as of 2012–13. These schools are divided accordingly: nineteen elementary schools, nine middle schools, and five high schools. After the 2011–12 school year, P.B. Ritch Elementary closed and a new middle school with the same name opened near Hiram the following year.
Parent involvement.
Every school in Paulding County has a Parent Teacher Association (PTA) or a Parent Teacher Student Association (PTSA). These associations allow teachers, students and parents to hold conferences to discuss the means of ensuring that the student achieves his or her goals. The PTA and PTSA meetings are held either before school start or immediately afterward.
Budget problem.
The school district is in a $22–33 million deficit. On May 4, 2010 a board meeting was held.

</doc>
<doc id="19432928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432928" title="China Plastic &amp; Rubber Journal">
China Plastic &amp; Rubber Journal

China Plastic & Rubber Journal (CPRJ) is a leading bimonthly Chinese journal distributed to qualified professionals and decision markers in the industry. It has been published since 1982 with a controlled circulation of 29,760 copies per issue. Appointed as the Official Publication of Chinaplas, Asia’s No. 1 exhibition for the plastics and rubber industries, and supported by http://www.ChinaplasOnline.com and http://plastics.2456.com, the Official Website and Online Media respectively of the show, CPRJ is a powerful communication partner equipped with the most comprehensive marketing channels for advertisers to attain successful sales.
In addition to the controlled circulation of 29,670 copies per issue, CPRJ has extra distribution at more than 30 key global and local trade shows including K, NPE and Chinaplas, offering advertisers the chance to reach around 1 million show visitors.
External links.
CPRJ Media Kit:http://www.adsale.com.hk/pub/en/cprj/media_index.asp

</doc>
<doc id="19432940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432940" title="WJMF">
WJMF

WJMF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19432958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432958" title="Paul Barbara">
Paul Barbara

Paul Frank Barbara (April 24, 1953 – October 31, 2010) was an American chemist. His research interests focused on the understanding of the molecular structure and dynamics of complex chemical systems, including organic semi-conductors for photovoltaic applications, proton and electron transfer reactions, the hydrated electron and intermediates in the reverse transcription mechanism of HIV-1. His laboratory developed and applied novel ultrafast and single molecule spectroscopies to study the complexity of these chemical system.
Paul Barbara was a full professor at the University of Texas at Austin. He held the R.J.V. Johnson-Welch Endowed Chair in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at UT-Austin. He was also Director of UT-Austin’s Center for Nano- and Molecular Science and Technology, and Senior Editor for Accounts of Chemical Research.
Education.
Paul Barbara received his bachelor’s degree in 1974 at Hofstra University and completed his doctoral work in 1978 at Brown University under the supervision of Ronald G. Lawler. From 1978 to 1980 he carried out postdoctoral work at Bell Laboratories with Peter M. Rentzepis and Louis E. Brus. He joined the faculty of Department of Chemistry at the University of Minnesota in 1980, achieving the rank of full professor in 1990. He moved to the University of Texas at Austin in 1998, as full professor in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry until his death.
Awards.
Paul Barbara was named 3M-Alumni Distinguished Professor of Chemistry in 1995, elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1999. a Fellow of the American Physical Society in 1993, a fellow of the American Association for Advancement of Science in 2004 and a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences in 2006. Other awards include an Alfred P. Sloan Fellowship in 1983–85, a Presidential Young Investigator award in 1984-89, a NSF Creativity Award in 1998, Inter-American Photochemical Society Award in 2002 and the 2009 E. Bright Wilson Award in Spectroscopy in 2008 from The American Chemical Society.
Death.
Paul Barbara died on October 31, 2010, two weeks after a cardiac arrest sent him into a coma.
A memorial service was held on December 12, 2010, on UT campus to celebrate the life of Paul F. Barbara.

</doc>
<doc id="19432963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432963" title="Steve Luebber">
Steve Luebber

Stephen Lee Luebber is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Luebber pitched in all or part of five seasons in the majors between and . He currently serves as pitching coach for the Wilmington Blue Rocks, single-A farm team for the Kansas City Royals
Luebber was drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the 13th round of the 1967 Major League Baseball Draft. After four-and-a-half years in the minors, he made his major league debut for the Twins in 1971, pitching in 18 games and starting 12, going 2–5 with a 5.03 ERA. He was returned to the minors in , appearing in two games for the Twins in September.
Luebber spent the next three seasons in the minor leagues before finally returning to the major leagues in . That season, he set career bests in every major category, going 4–5 with an ERA at 4.00. After another season in the minors, the Twins released Luebber in October of .
After spending in the Chicago White Sox organization, Luebber returned to the majors in with the Toronto Blue Jays. He pitched in one game for them that September, pitching to three batters in a game against the Boston Red Sox without retiring a batter. The Blue Jays released him the following spring, and he was signed to a minor league contract by the Baltimore Orioles. In he was called up to the majors one last time, pitching in seven games with a 7.56 ERA.
Luebber continued to pitch in the minor leagues for several more seasons. He pitched in the Rangers, Tigers and Padres organizations through 1983, then was out of baseball in 1984 and 1985. He then returned to the San Diego Padres farm system between 1986 and 1988, making a number of appearances at the double-A level. In he moved on to the Senior Professional Baseball Association, where he pitched two seasons for the Fort Myers Sun Sox. He finally retired after the season at age 40. In all, Luebber spent 22 seasons (over a 24-year period) playing professional baseball.
After his playing career, Luebber moved into the coaching ranks. He has coached in the Padres, Orioles, Texas Rangers, Florida Marlins and most recently the Royals' organization. In he was the pitching coach for the Burlington Bees, and in he moved into the same position with the Wilmington Blue Rocks, a position he continues to hold.
External links.
, or Retrosheet

</doc>
<doc id="19432970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19432970" title="Eulecanium cerasorum">
Eulecanium cerasorum

Eulecanium cerasorum, the calico scale, is species of scale insect. It can be identified by its white and brown color on its outer circular shell which will continuously darken over age. It is approximately one quarter of an inch in diameter. The Calico Scale is a pest to many trees in the United States, including dogwoods, honey locust, magnolias, maples, sweetgums and fruit trees. This pest typically attacks the branches which stresses the trees. Mature females produce honeydew, which promotes the growth of mold around the tree. 
The nymph migrates along a tree branch, then settles down and creates a circular hardened shell or cap to be its protective coat against predators and pesticides. The typical female is known to lay around 4500 eggs inside its cap.

</doc>
<doc id="19433001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433001" title="1989 Chatham Cup">
1989 Chatham Cup

The 1989 Chatham Cup was the 62nd annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern). National League teams received a bye until the final 64 stage. In all, 153 teams took part in the competition, oustripping the previous year's record of 147.
The 1989 final.
From this year, the final reverted to a single game, rather than a two-legged tie as had been the case for the previous three years' competitions. The final was very one-sided, with Christchurch United equalling the record of seven goals set by Seatoun in 1958. The aggregate of eight goals in the final also equalled the competition record. Mike McGarry became the tenth player to score a Chatham Cup final hat-trick, the first since Graham Dacombe's four goals - also for Christchurch United - in 1972. Christchurch United's Johan Verweij became the first player to score in three successive Chatham Cup finals. Steve Sumner also entered the record books by being the first player to pick up a sixth cup-winner's medal.
The match went according to the form-book. Despite their fairy-tale run to the final, northern league side Rotorua City were no match for the previous year's national league champions. City keeper Dave Harris had a busy day, and despite making several good saves it was 5–0 by the half-time break, with goals from Keith Braithwaite, McGarry (twice), Verweij, and Laurence Fitzpatrick. In the second spell Steve Sumner added his name to the scorebook before McGarry completed his hat-trick. A Shane Zohs penalty in the 80th minute was a mere consolation for a Rotorua side well beaten.
The Jack Batty Memorial Trophy for player of the final was awarded to Mike McGarry of Christchurch United.

</doc>
<doc id="19433024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433024" title="2007 Czech and Slovak Figure Skating Championships">
2007 Czech and Slovak Figure Skating Championships

The 2007 Czech and Slovak Figure Skating Championships () were the Czech Figure Skating Championships and the Slovak Figure Skating Championships for the 2006–2007 season. They crowned the national champions in figure skating for the Czech Republic and Slovakia in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singes, pair skating and ice dancing on the senior, junior, and novice levels.
The two national championships were held simultaneously. The results were then split by country. The top three placing Czech skaters were the Czech national podium. The top three placing Slovak skaters were the Slovak national podium. Therefore, there are no medal colors on the table below because it shows the combined overall results. The table can be sorted by country.
This was the first season that the Czech and Slovak Championships were held simultaneously. They were held in the TipSport Arena in Liberec, Czech Republic from 14–15 December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19433028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433028" title="LGBT culture in Russia">
LGBT culture in Russia

Although life in modern Russia allows many more liberties for gays and lesbians than it did before the Revolutions of 1989, unofficial discrimination and fear are still rampant. "It would be foolish to interpret some new freedoms as tolerance," said Igor Kon, a sociologist who is Russia's best-known expert on sexual practices, and author of "The Sexual Revolution in Russia". Gay life in Russia is less open than western countries. With more quickly growing acceptance, major cities like Moscow and St Petersburg now have LGBT clubs and venues.
In 1989, 31 percent of the Russian population said in polls that homosexuals should be executed, and 32 percent said they should be isolated. Only 12 percent said they should be left alone. The figures are shifting slightly, however: in 1994, 23 percent in a poll said homosexuals should be killed, 24 percent said they should be isolated, and 29 percent said they should be left alone.
"What everyone here knows -- gay or straight -- is how to have a private life that is different from their public life," said David Tuller, an American journalist and author of "Cracks in the Iron Closet: Travels in Gay and Lesbian Russia". "In the West we would call that living a lie," he said. "Here they don't think that way. This is not a talk-show culture. Nobody is ever going to appear on television to talk about wanting to sleep with short men or tall women. They just want to be able to have their lives and not be bothered. For people here that would be a big step."
History of gay Russia.
Medieval Russia was apparently very tolerant of homosexuality with foreign visitors to the country surprised by displays of affection between homosexuals. The first laws against homosexuals in Russia first appeared in the 18th century, under the reign of Peter the Great, but only in military statutes for soldiers.
In 1832, the criminal code that included Article 995, which stated that "muzhelozhstvo" or men lying with men was a criminal act punishable by exile to Siberia for up to 5 years. Men lying with men was interpreted by courts as meaning anal sex. Application of the laws was rare, and the turn of the century found a relaxation of these laws and a general growing of tolerance and visibility.
Under Joseph Stalin, the Soviet Union recriminalized homosexuality in a decree signed in late 1933. The new Article 121, which punished muzhelozhstvo with imprisonment for up to 5 years saw raids and arrests. Female homosexuals were sent to mental institutions.
Article 121 was often commonly used to extend prison sentences and to control dissidents. Among those imprisoned were the film director Sergei Paradjanov and the poet Gennady Trifonov. Under Mikhail Gorbachev's administration, the first gay organization came into being. The Moscow Gay & Lesbian Alliance was headed by Yevgeniya Debryanskaya, and Roman Kalinin who became the editor of the first officially registered gay newspaper, "Tema". The fall of the USSR accelerated the progress of the gay movement in Russia. Gay publications and plays appeared. In 1993, a new Russian Criminal Code was signed, without Article 121. Men who had been imprisoned began to be released.
Modern gay life in Russia is in the process of increasing openness. The first gay oriented businesses appeared including bars, discos, saunas, even a travel agency. Life for gays and lesbians in the provinces remains difficult, but there are gay communities and open gay culture in large cities such as Moscow and St Petersburg. At a press conference on 1 February 2007, Russian President Vladimir Putin was asked for his opinion in the midst of a row over the decision by Moscow Mayor Yury Luzhkov to ban a Gay pride in Moscow, called Moscow Pride. Vladimir Putin said: "With regards to what the heads of regions say, I normally try not to comment. I don’t think it is my business. My relation to gay parades and sexual minorities in general is simple – it is connected with my official duties and the fact that one of the country’s main problems is demographic. But I respect and will continue to respect personal freedom in all its forms, in all its manifestations."
Documentaries.
Several documentaries about gay life in Russia surfaced in the 1990s after the fall of the USSR including "Kiev Blue", "To My Women Friends", and "Moscow Fags".
Moscow Pride '06, is a documentary about the first Moscow International LGBT Pride Festival. The premiere was held on November 27, just six months after the festival. Some focuses of the documentary include the Nordic festival, the Russian gay cultural contest, Merlin Holland’s lecture on his grandfather Oscar Wilde and the International Day Against Homophobia (IDAHO) Conference . Moscow Pride '06 also focuses on the trouble around The Kremlin and Moscow City Hall when participants gathered to protest the ban on the Moscow Pride march – and the Tverskoy Court decision to uphold Mayor Yuri Luzhkov's decision to ban the march. Vlad Ortanov, former editor of "Argo", one of the oldest gay magazines in Russia, described the documentary as “a great human historical document that will say a lot to the future generations”.
LGBT media.
There are modern gay journals such as "Kvir" along with older ones such as now defunct "Tema", the first registered gay magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19433030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433030" title="Dominican Civil War">
Dominican Civil War

The Dominican Civil War, better known as Guerra de Abril, took place between April 24, 1965, and September 3, 1965, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. It was the bloodiest armed conflict in the Dominican Republic in the twentieth century.
Political instability preceded the civil war. Following was the United States occupation of the Dominican Republic (1965-66).
Background.
Juan Bosch was the first democratically elected president of the Dominican Republic. Sworn into office in February 1963, he lead a liberal, democratic government that expressed concern for the welfare of all Dominicans, particularly those of modest circumstances. He was known as a voice for those whose voices had never been heard before in the National Palace. A new constitution in April of that year guaranteed civil and individual rights and endorsed civilian control of the military. The new document granted the people freedoms they had never known; it declared specific labor rights, and mentioned unions, pregnant women, homeless people, the family, rights for the child and the young, for the farmers, and for illegitimate children. These and other changes, such as land reform, struck conservative landholders and military officers as radical and threatening, particularly when juxtaposed against three decades of somnolent authoritarianism under the Trujillo Regime. The hierarchy of the Catholic Church also resented the secular nature of the new constitution, in particular its provisions for legalized divorce and homosexuals. The hierarchy, along with the military leadership and the economic elite, also feared communist influence in the republic, and they warned of the potential for "another Cuba". The result of this concern and opposition was a military coup on September 25, 1963.
The coup effectively negated the 1962 elections by installing a civilian junta, known as the "Triunvirato", dominated by the remaining Trujullistas. The initial head of the Triunvirato was Donald Reid Cabral. The Triumvirate never succeeded in establishing its authority over competing conservative factions both inside and outside the military; it also never convinced the majority of the population of its legitimacy. The widespread dissatisfaction with Reid and his government, coupled with lingering loyalties to Bosch, produced a revolution on May
"La Guerra de Abril".
In 1965 a revolution began, led by the "perredeistas" (members of the PRD) and other supporters of Bosch, who called themselves Constitutionalists (a reference to their support for the 1963 constitution). The movement counted some junior military officers among its ranks. A combination of reformist military and aroused civilian combatants took to the streets on April 24, seized the National Palace, and installed Rafael Molina Ureña as provisional president. The revolution took on the dimensions of a civil war when conservative military forces, led by army general Elías Wessin y Wessin, struck back against the Constitutionalists on April 25. These conservative forces called themselves Loyalists. Despite tank assaults and bombing runs by Loyalist forces, the Constitutionalists held their positions in the capital; they appeared poised to branch out and to secure control of the entire country.
"Main article: Operation Power Pack"
On April 28, the United States intervened in the civil war. President Lyndon B. Johnson ordered in forces that eventually totaled 42,000, to secure Santo Domingo and to restore order. Johnson acted in the stated belief that the Constitutionalists were dominated by communists and that they therefore could not be allowed to come to power. The intervention was subsequently granted some measure of hemispheric approval by the creation of an OAS-sponsored peace force, which supplemented the United States military presence in the republic. An initial interim government was headed by one of the assassins of Trujillo, Antonio Imbert Barrera; later on, Héctor García Godoy assumed a provisional presidency on September 3, 1965. Violent skirmishes between Loyalists and Constitutionalists continued sporadically as further elections were organized.

</doc>
<doc id="19433056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433056" title="Grumman YF9F">
Grumman YF9F

Grumman YF9F may refer to:

</doc>
