<doc id="19536432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536432" title="Stockade Historic District">
Stockade Historic District

The Stockade Historic District is located in the northwest corner of Schenectady, New York, United States, on the banks of the Mohawk River. It is the oldest neighborhood in the city, continuously inhabited for over 300 years. Union College first held classes in a building within the district, and later it would be one of the termini of an early suspension bridge that was, at the time, the longest in North America. Elizabeth V. Gillette, a physician and the first woman from upstate New York elected to the New York State Assembly, lived in the Stockade as well.
It contains a wide variety of Dutch and English 17th- and 18th-century buildings, many with later embellishments and additions. The National Park Service has described it as "the highest concentration of historic period homes in the country," with over 40 older than 200 years. The Stockade was New York's first local historic district, when it was recognized by the city council in 1962.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and its boundaries were increased slightly in 1984. The city and an active neighborhood association, the first founded in Schenectady, work to protect its historic character.
Geography.
The Stockade District is a roughly wedge-shaped area at Schenectady's northwest corner, in area. It is bounded by the Mohawk on the north, the Binne Kill on the west and the former New York Central Railroad tracks, now used by Amtrak and CSX, on the east. Its southern boundary is mostly defined by the rear line of properties on the south side of Union Street, except for Washington Street, where the entire street is included all the way to State Street (NY 5), and a section of Church Street added by the boundary increase.
On its southeast corner it borders the Union Street Historic District, providing a historic corridor which links it to Union College and the city's other two historic districts, the GE Realty Plot and Union Triangle. Residential and industrial areas are located to the east across the tracks. To the south is the western section of downtown Schenectady. Riverside Park (parkland) is located at the shore of the river, (northwest side). The village of Scotia is located directly across the river.
The district is largely flat, reflecting the nearby river. It is densely developed, mostly with small two-story attached houses. It is centered on the intersection of Ferry, Front and Green streets, where a circular plaza is built around a statue of Lawrence the Indian, a Mohawk who helped restore the settlement after an early catastrophe.
History.
For the colonial period and afterwards, the history of the Stockade District is synonymous with the history of Schenectady. Later, as the city industrialized and grew far beyond it, the district retained a distinct identity and sense of community within itself.
17th and 18th centuries.
A group of Dutch settlers, mostly merchants and fur traders looking to do business with Native Americans, settled the banks of the Mohawk in an area between the present Ferry, Front and State streets and Washington Avenue in 1661. This group of twelve houses surrounded by a wooden stockade, 200 Dutch feet (about 187 feet, or 56.6 m) on a side is considered the founding of the city of Schenectady. After the 1674 Treaty of Westminster ended the Third Anglo-Dutch War the settlement, like all established by the Dutch in New Netherland, came under British control as part of the Province of New York.
The small frontier settlement was almost wiped out in 1690 during King William's War, the first in the series of conflicts known as the French and Indian Wars. French troops and their Algonquin and Sault allies, retaliating for a series of British-backed Iroquois raids on their territory, were on their way to an assault on Fort Orange at present-day Albany when their scouts found that Schenectady's stockade was almost minimally staffed, and changed their plans to attack this target of opportunity.
In the course of the ensuing Schenectady massacre, many of the houses and barns were burned and most of the inhabitants of the village either killed or taken to Montreal as prisoners. Local members of the Mohawk tribe, in particular one who had become known among the settlers as Lawrence, encouraged the Dutch to rebuild.
By 1692 the community had been rebuilt and repopulated with a mixture of English, Scottish and Dutch settlers. The stockade was rebuilt and by 1704 took in College Street on the east and Cowhorn Creek on the south. The French and Indian Wars continued into the next century, ending in 1763, by which time the stockade had been extended to the river on the north. The costs of retaining control over the North American colonies eventually led Parliament to consider different taxes on the colonial economy to pay the mounting costs. These in turn led to discontent in the colonies, and one of the first "Liberty!" protest flags over the Stamp Act 1765 was raised over the Dutch Reformed Church then at the corner of Church and Union streets (it is now in the Schenectady Historical Society building on Washington Street).
During the Revolutionary War Schenectady served as headquarters for several of the local Committees of Safety. George Washington visited the area at least three times, due to its strategic importance. After independence, the stockade, which had begun to deteriorate from neglect during the war, was dismantled. Only some of the footings remain, mostly buried. The village continued to grow as the main point of departure for travel to the west. Buildings and wharves along the riverfront and the Binne Kill accommodated the travelers and cargo that came overland from Albany and boarded "bateaux" for the trip west to Lake Erie.
19th century.
In the early 19th century engineer Theodore Burr, cousin of Aaron, having built one of the first significant crossings of the Hudson River at Waterford, turned his attentions to the Mohawk. He decided to build a wooden suspension bridge, using planks of local timber as the cables. A triple span across the of river between Washington Street and Scotia was completed in early 1808, but then washed away. Burr added a fourth span, and this time the bridge stood up to the river.
The Revolution had led citizens to demand services a nation could provide, among them higher education. Union College was established in 1779, before the war had even ended, but was not formally recognized with a state charter (the first issued by the state Board of Regents) until 1795. Its first building was in the district, at the corner of Ferry and Union streets, later College and Union. It was America's first non-denominational college. In 1814 the college moved to its present location, the first planned college campus in the country.
In 1819 a fire destroyed two hundred buildings in this area. Six years later, during the rebuilding, the Erie Canal was completed, and most activity moved west to the vicinity of State Street, outside of the district, sparing the residential properties that make up the bulk of today's Stockade. As Schenectady began to grow due to industrialization, it grew eastward along Union Street (the main road to Troy and Watervliet at the time) and the canal, as the American Locomotive Company and General Electric made it "The City that Hauls and Lights the World".
20th century.
Connecticut native Elizabeth Gillette moved to Union Street to start her medical practice in 1900. Two decades later, she was elected to the state assembly, the first woman elected to the state legislature from upstate and the only Democrat ever elected to that body from Schenectady's second district. She served a single term and returned to medicine, retiring in 1960.
Theodore Burr's bridge burned down in 1909 and was replaced with the first of the current bridges nearby that carry Route 5 to Scotia. One of the original stone abutments can be seen where Washington Street reaches the river. When the Erie Canal was finally replaced by the New York State Barge Canal, portions were reused for the railroad bridge.
By the mid-20th century, the neighborhood had gone into noticeable decline, and some of its buildings, such as the original Surrogate's Court building, were demolished. Residents who had become aware of its historic importance formed the Stockade Association in 1957 and, five years later, successfully lobbied the city to pass a zoning ordinance creating the historic district, the first one created in the state.
Preservation.
The neighborhood is one of four historic districts recognized by the city of Schenectady. It comes under the purview of its Historic Commission, a seven-member body that meets once a month. Under the city's zoning regulations, any change to a historic building in a district that is visible from a public right-of-way must be approved by the commission.
Within the neighborhood, the Historic Stockade Association works to organize residents and help preserve not only the historic nature of the neighborhood but its sense of community. It publishes and distributes a newsletter, "The Stockade Spy" and organizes tours and other special events in the neighborhood. Some other special events in the neighborhood are informal, such as the sing-along to the pink flamingos that a person or persons unknown has been placing in front of the statue of Lawrence every Valentine's Day for the last decade.

</doc>
<doc id="19536441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536441" title="Zaloše">
Zaloše

Zaloše () is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19536444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536444" title="Lagrange Bay">
Lagrange Bay

Lagrange Bay is located south of Broome, Western Australia in the Kimberley region. It is the site of the Catholic Pallotine ‘’’La Grange Mission’’, and the Aboriginal community of Bidyadanga. It was the location of the La Grange massacre and expedition in 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="19536454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536454" title="Dome of Yusuf">
Dome of Yusuf

The Dome of Yusuf ( "Qubbat Yusuf") is a free-standing domed-structure on the Temple Mount, located at the southern end of the Dome of the Rock terrace. It was built by Saladin in the late 12th century, and has been renovated several times. It bears inscriptions from the 12th and 17th centuries: one dated 1191 in Saladin's name, and another to 1681 from Yusuf Agha, thought to have been the Governor of Jerusalem or a eunuch in the Ottoman imperial palace.
A rectangular semi-enclosed structure, the Dome of Yusuf sits upon a solid stone wall and is supported by three pointed open arches. On the northern face of the southern wall, there are stone carvings and a marble-faced blind-niche. The exterior of the dome is covered in lead sheeting and the interior is decorated with a ribbed pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="19536468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536468" title="Abbotts, Western Australia">
Abbotts, Western Australia

Abbotts is an abandoned town in Western Australia located in the Murchison Goldfields region of Western Australia located 31 km north-west of Meekatharra on the Meekatharra - Mount Clere Road.
The townsite was initially established on 1898 and gazetted in 1900; the town is named after a prospector named Vincent Vrauizan who had changed his name to Vincent Abbott in 1893.
One of the earliest mines to open was the "The Black Iguana". In 1895 the "Black Iguana" and the "Abbotts mine" were both operating ten head stamp mills in the town for processing ore.
In 1902 all of the boarders at Abbott's Hotel were poisoned by eating tinned beetroot, many of the victims were given emetics, which were administered "with much success". No fatalities were recorded from the incident.
The townsite is one of many ghost towns in the area; others include: Peak Hill, Gabanintha, Horseshoe and Garden Gully.

</doc>
<doc id="19536513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536513" title="PF-2545920">
PF-2545920

PF-2545920 is a drug developed by Pfizer for the treatment of schizophrenia. It acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor selective for the PDE10A subtype. The PDE10A enzyme is expressed primarily in the brain, mostly in the striatum, nucleus accumbens and olfactory tubercle, and is thought to be particularly important in regulating the activity of dopamine-sensitive medium spiny neurons in the striatum which are known to be targets of conventional antipsychotic drugs. Older PDE10A inhibitors such as papaverine have been shown to produce antipsychotic effects in animal models, and more potent and selective PDE10A inhibitors are a current area of research for novel antipsychotic drugs which act through a different pathway to conventional dopamine or 5HT2A antagonist drugs and may have a more favourable side effects profile. PF-2545920 is currently one of the furthest advanced PDE10A inhibitors in development and has progressed through to Phase II clinical trials in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="19536516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536516" title="Summer–Autumn Campaign of 1941">
Summer–Autumn Campaign of 1941

The Summer–Autumn Campaign of 1941 from 22 June to 4 December was the name given by Soviet military command to the period that marked the commencement of Operation Barbarossa. It marked the opening phase of the Axis powers operations in USSR, and spectacular losses by the Soviet forces as they retreated to the East.
Initially the fighting in Soviet historiography is divided into the Baltic Strategic Defensive Operation (22 June 1941 – 9 July 1941), Belorussian Strategic Defensive Operation (22 June 1941 – 9 July 1941), L'vov-Chernovitsy Strategic Defensive Operation (22 June 1941 – 9 July 1941), Arctic-Karelia Strategic Defensive Operation (29 June 1941 – 10 October 1941), and Moldavian Defensive Operation (1 July 1941 – 26 July 1941) that describe the strategically significant periods of defensive fighting at the Soviet border regions.
With the Axis, and notably German Wehrmacht blitzkrieg tactical successes producing strategic pincer movements that penetrated into the strategic depth of Soviet Union, a second stage of defensive fighting period became recognised that included the Kiev Strategic Defensive Operation (1941) (7 July 1941 – 26 September 1941), the Leningrad Strategic Defensive Operation (10 July 1941 – 30 September 1941), the Battle of Smolensk (1941) (10 July 1941 – 10 September 1941), and the Odessa Defensive Operation (5 August 1941 – 16 October 1941) that led to the Siege of Odessa.
Deeper penetrations were achieved when renewed thrusts by the Axis troops in the south, and German troops with Finland's support in the north, sough to secure the strategic goals or Leningrad, Moscow and the Caucasus that eventuated in the Crimean Defensive Operation (18 October 1941 – 16 November 1941), the Donbass-Rostov Strategic Defensive Operation (29 September 1941 – 16 November 1941) as a precursor to the offensive into the Caucasus region, what was seen as the final offensive by OKH towards Moscow, and the Moscow Strategic Defensive Operation (30 September 1941 – 5 December 1941), and the Tikhvin Defensive Operation (16 October 1941 – 18 November 1941) to logistically isolate Leningrad from Moscow.
In the final months of 1941 as the epic Defense of Sevastopol (30 October 1941 – 4 July 1942) continued, the Red Army was however able to stage its first two strategic offensives: the Tikhvin Strategic Offensive Operation (10 November 1941 – 30 December 1941) that sought to maintain logistic communications between Moscow and Leningrad, and the Rostov Strategic Offensive Operation (17 November 1941 – 2 December 1941) which attempted to deny Axis advance further towards the Caucasus.

</doc>
<doc id="19536517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536517" title="Zapuže, Radovljica">
Zapuže, Radovljica

Zapuže () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19536528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536528" title="Engineering sample">
Engineering sample

Engineering samples are the beta versions of integrated circuits that are meant to be used for compatibility qualification or as demonstrators. They are usually loaned to OEM manufacturers prior to the chips commercial release to allow product development or display. Usually, they are picked out of a very large batch and perform correctly. However, rarely they may have faults that were fixed in the production model.
Engineering samples are usually handed out under a non-disclosure agreement or an other type of confidentiality agreement.
Some engineering samples, such as Pentium 4 processors were rare and favoured for having unlocked multipliers. More recently, Core 2 engineering samples have become more common and popular. Asian sellers were selling the Core 2 processors at major profit. Some engineering samples have been put through strenuous tests.
Engineering sample processors are also offered on a technical loan to some full-time employees at Intel, and are usually desktop extreme edition processors.

</doc>
<doc id="19536534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536534" title="Beloch">
Beloch

Beloch is a European surname. People with the surname Beloch include:

</doc>
<doc id="19536540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536540" title="Zgornja Dobrava, Radovljica">
Zgornja Dobrava, Radovljica

Zgornja Dobrava () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19536545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536545" title="Athletics at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Athletics at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Athletics at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of 214 events, 152 for men and 62 for women. Because of a tie for third place in the men's high jump B2 event, a total of 215 bronze medals were awarded.

</doc>
<doc id="19536547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536547" title="X (demo party)">
X (demo party)

X is a Dutch demoscene party which started in 1995 in Utrecht, The Netherlands organized by Success & The Ruling Company, Xenon and Silicon Ltd.
X is the successor of the Silicon Ltd. Winter and Summer parties which were held between 1990 and 1992. With about 250 visitors, it is the world's biggest Commodore 64 demoscene-party, attracting demosceners from not only The Netherlands, but also from other European countries (e.g. Sweden, Finland, Poland, Germany), or even from overseas (for example Australia, United States).
History.
The concept of the X parties was born somewhere in 1995 when the members of the Commodore 64 demogroup Silicon Ltd. started the PC demogroup SuccesS.
The plan was to organize a demoparty for the Commodore 64 and the PC demoscene.
The party place was decided to be Buurthuis Einsteindreef in the city of Utrecht, The Netherlands; the same place where the Silicon Ltd. parties were held in the past.
The first two parties were held in Buurthuis Einsteindreef which were sponsored by soundcard developer Gravis. In 1996 it was clear the location was too small to hold the amount of visitors and their hardware.
In 1997 the X organizers teamed up with the Dutch PC demogroup Nostalgia who had connections with the Technical University of Eindhoven, hence the next party baptised as X 97 Takeover which took place in the auditorium of the Technical University Eindhoven.
Due to quarrels between the party organizers, this was the first and only party organized by SuccesS and Nostalgia.
The group SuccesS retired from the demoscene in 1998, which caused their Commodore 64 counterparts in Success & The Ruling Company to carry on with the X parties but now as a Commodore 64 only party.
Also the party location changed. Since 1998 the X party is held at Kampeerboerderij De Haverkamp in Ruurlo, The Netherlands.
In the year of 2000 the Dutch demogroup Xenon was added as organizing group and in 2006 Silicon Ltd. was added too after more than 10 years of scene absence.
In 2010 the party was held in a new and bigger location in Someren. The Demo competition in 2010 were won by Offence, a Norwegian demo-group returning to the 8-bit platform after 19 years of no demo creation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19536588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536588" title="Zgornja Lipnica">
Zgornja Lipnica

Zgornja Lipnica () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Mass graves.
Zgornja Lipnica is the site of two known mass graves from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Lancovo 1 and 2 mass graves () lie north of the settlement and contain the bodies of a large number of civilians and Croatian soldiers murdered on the night of 15 May 1945. The first grave lies 15 m from the road and is 5 to 3.5 m wide and 10.5 m long. The second grave lies on a wooded slope near the first.

</doc>
<doc id="19536608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536608" title="Zgornji Otok">
Zgornji Otok

Zgornji Otok () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Mass grave.
Zgornji Otok is the site of a mass grave from the end of the Second World War. The Zgornji Otok Mass Grave () is located on sunken ground in a meadow west of the settlement, a few meters east of the edge of the woods, at a site called Pod Koncami. It contains the remains of 14 Croatian soldiers killed on 6 May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19536611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536611" title="Henrietta Marrie">
Henrietta Marrie

Henrietta Marrie (née Fourmile) (born 1954) is an Australian indigenous rights activist.
She is an Aboriginal Australian from the Yidinji tribe, directly descended from Ye-i-nie, an Aboriginal leader in the Cairns region.
She is an advocate for the rights of her own Gimuy Walubarra Yidinji families, as well as for the cultural rights of indigenous peoples nationally and internationally.
The ""Encyclopaedia of Aboriginal Australia"" identifies Henrietta Marrie as a notable Aboriginal Australian in an entry that reads, in part, as follows: 
"Fourmile has been involved in extensive research in the areas of Aboriginal cultural heritage and museums, the politics of Aboriginal heritage and the arts and recently the area of Aborigines and cultural tourism."
She is currently a senior fellow at the United Nations University and an Adjunct Associate Professor with the Centre for Social Responsibility in Mining at the University of Queensland.
Country.
Henrietta Marrie's country within local Aboriginal tradition, to which she holds some property rights under Native Title law, is that country that was once wholly possessed, occupied, used and enjoyed by 'King' Ye-i-nie' and the Walubarra Yidinji families generally, as follows:
"The area of the foreshore of the City of Cairns was traditionally known as Gimuy - after the Slippery Blue Fig Tree. The traditional lands of the Gimuy Walubara Yidinji People extend south of the Barron River to Wrights Creek (south of Edmonton), west into the ranges behind Cairns, and east into Trinity Inlet, including Admiralty Island, to the adjacent waters of the outer Great Barrier Reef. The lands in the Cairns suburb of Woree, close to Admiralty Island and Trinity Inlet, were the principal traditional camping grounds of the Gimuy Walubara Yidinji people".
Biographical details.
Henrietta Marrie was born and raised in Yarrabah, Queensland (an Aboriginal community approx 7 km south-east of Cairns), the eldest daughter of Henry Fourmile (aka "Queballum" - cyclone), grandson to the Yidinji warrior Ye-i-nie (Aboriginal Peace Maker and 'King' of Cairns).
She went to school in Yarrabah, and later studied teaching at the South Australian College of Advanced Education, where she first obtained a Diploma in Teaching. Later, after the College had been transformed into the University of South Australia, she obtained a Graduate Diploma of Arts (Indigenous Studies).
By 1988 Henrietta Marrie was lecturing at Griffith University, Brisbane, and in 1991 had managed to return to Cairns (Gimuy) region, where she first assisted coordinate the Cairns College of Technical and Further Education's Aboriginal ranger training program, then by 1994, had become the Cairns Coordinator of a new Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Participation, Research and Development Centre in James Cook University.
From Cairns, Henrietta Marrie undertook at Masters in Environmental and Local Government Law (through Macquarie University). Her interests and concerns moved to biocultural diversity, indigenous intellectual property, and traditional ecological knowledge, and as such, by 1997, she had moved on and taken up a position with the United Nations Secretariat for the Convention on Biological Diversity, where she was the first Aboriginal Australian to be appointed to a full-time professional position in a United Nations agency.
Since 2003, Henrietta Marrie has moved her focus back towards Cairns and is now working as the Christensenfund's North Australian Program Officer assisting that philanthropic organisation distribute grants and funds to help promote, sustain, and encourage indigenous biocultural diversity across Australia's north (including the Cairns region).

</doc>
<doc id="19536626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536626" title="Fulford Golf Club">
Fulford Golf Club

Fulford Golf Club is a private golf club located approximately south of York, England. It was founded in 1906, moving to its current site, which had been approved by James Braid, in 1935. The golf course was designed by Charles MacKenzie, brother of notable golf course architect Alister MacKenzie.
Fulford was home to several PGA European Tour events including the Benson and Hedges International Open between 1971 and 1989. Memorably, during the 1981 tournament, Bernhard Langer climbed the tree by the 17th green to play his third shot. The club also hosted the Martini International in 1967, the Sun Alliance European Matchplay Championship in 1979 and the Murphy's Cup in 1990 and 1991. 
In 1976 Fulford hosted the inaugural Women's British Open, won by Jenny Lee Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="19536627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536627" title="Abid Ali">
Abid Ali

Abid Ali () is a masculine given name and surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19536634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536634" title="EIF2B">
EIF2B

eIF2B is a protein found in eukaryotes. It is the guanine nucleotide exchange factor for the eukaryotic initiation factor 2 and therefore converts the inactive eIF2-GDP to the active eIF2-GTP. This activation is hindered by phosphorylation of the alpha subunit of eIF2, which leads to a stable eIF2α-P-GDP-eIF2B complex and therefore inhibits translation initiation.
Human genes which encode eIF-2B proteins include:

</doc>
<doc id="19536638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536638" title="Organization of Russian Young Pathfinders">
Organization of Russian Young Pathfinders

Organization of Russian Young Pathfinders may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19536640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536640" title="National Organization of Russian Scouts">
National Organization of Russian Scouts

National Organization of Russian Scouts may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19536649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536649" title="Zgoša">
Zgoša

Zgoša () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Zgoša was first attested in written sources as "Guscha" in 1075 (and as "Goscha" in 1085, "Sgusch" in 1394, and "Zguoch" in 1406). The name derives from "*Zgošča", created from a nominalized possessive adjective based on the personal name "*Zgost". The name is believed to originally be a hydronym, "*Zgošča (reka/voda)" (literally, 'river/creek where Zgost lives'), shortened through ellipsis and the Upper Carniolan phonological development"-šč-" > "-š-". Zgoša Creek, which flows through the settlement, is also referred to as Begunščica Creek today.

</doc>
<doc id="19536658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536658" title="Mal Waldron with the Steve Lacy Quintet">
Mal Waldron with the Steve Lacy Quintet

Mal Waldron with the Steve Lacy Quintet is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron and soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy released on the French America label in 1972. The original LP release featured three tracks and the 2005 CD reissue added two alternate takes.

</doc>
<doc id="19536679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536679" title="Vocational education in the United States">
Vocational education in the United States

In the United States, vocational education varies from state to state. The majority of postsecondary technical and vocational training is provided by proprietary (privately owned) career schools. About 30 percent of all credentials in career training are provided by two-year community colleges, which also offer courses transferable to four-year universities; other programs are offered through military technical training government-operated adult education centers. Several states operate their own institutes of technology which are on an equal accreditational footing with other state universities.
Historically, middle schools and high schools have offered vocational courses such as home economics, wood and metal shop, typing, business courses, drafting, and auto repair, though schools have put more emphasis on academics for all students because of standards based education reform. School-to-Work is a series of federal and state initiatives to link academics to work, sometimes including spending time during the day on a job site without pay. 
National Programs.
Federal involvement is principally carried out through the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act. Accountability requirements tied to the receipt of federal funds under this Act help provide some overall leadership. The Office of Vocational and Adult Education within the US Department of Education also supervises activities funded by the Act, along with grants to individual states and other local programs.
The Association for Career and Technical Education (ACTE) is the largest private association dedicated to the advancement of education that prepares youth and adults for careers. Its members include CTE teachers, administrators, and researchers.
Accreditation.
There is however an issue with vocational or "career" schools who have national accreditation instead of regional accreditation. Regionally accredited schools are predominantly academically oriented, non-profit institutions. Nationally accredited schools are predominantly for-profit and offer vocational, career or technical programs. Every college has the right to set standards and refuse to accept transfer credits. However, if a student has gone to a nationally accredited school it may be particularly difficult to transfer credits (or even credit for a degree earned) if he or she then applies to a regionally accredited college. Some regionally accredited colleges have general policies against accepting any credits from nationally accredited schools, others are reluctant to because regional schools feel that national schools academic standards are lower than their own or they are unfamiliar with the particular school. Students who are planning to transfer to a regionally accredited school after studying at a nationally accredited school should ensure that they will be able to transfer the credits before attending the nationally accredited school. There have been lawsuits regarding nationally accredited schools who led prospective students to believe that they would have no problem transferring their credits to regionally accredited schools, most notably Florida Metropolitan University and Crown College, Tacoma, Washington. The U.S. Department of Education has stated, however, that its criteria for recognition of accreditors "do not differentiate between types of accrediting agencies, so the recognition granted to all types of accrediting agencies — regional, institutional, specialized, and programmatic — is identical." However the same letter states that "the specific scope of recognition varies according to the type of agency recognized."
Job retraining.
In many states, vocational training is available to workers who have been previously laid off or whose previous employer is defunct; such training was expanded under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. Though results have been for the most part inconclusive, job retraining programs have been noted to retain a positive effect on employee morale. Even in cases of displacement, those who underwent job retraining programs exhibited a more positive outlook on their circumstances than those employees who did not partake in job retraining programs. Several studies have also suggested that in cases of layoffs, employees who remain with the company exhibit positive morale and are more motivated in their work environment if the layoffs are handled effectively by the company. Job retraining programs in the United States are often criticized for their lack of proper focus on skills that are required in existing jobs. A 2009 study by the United States Department of Labor showed that the difference in earnings and chances of being re-hired between those who had been trained and those who had not been was small. 
History.
In the early years of the twentieth century, a number of efforts were made to imitate German-style industrial education in the United States. Researchers such as Holmes Beckwith described the relationship between the apprenticeship and continuation school models in Germany, and suggested variants of the system that could be applied in an American context. The industrial education system evolved, after large-scale growth following World War I, into modern vocational education. This CTE (Career Technical Education) Historical Timeline illustrates this evolution.
1-Vocational education was initiated with the passing of the Smith-Hughes Act in 1917. This was set up to reduce reliance on foreign trade schools, improve domestic wage earning capacity, reduce unemployment, and protect national security. 
2-Around 1947 the George-Barden Act expanded federal support of vocational education to support vocations beyond agriculture, trade, home economics and industrial subjects.
3-Then, The National Defense Education Act signed in 1958 focused on improving education in science, mathematics, foreign languages, and other critical areas especially in areas of national defense.
4-In 1963 The Vocational Education Act added support for vocational education schools for work-study programs and research. 
5-1968, the Vocational Education Amendments of 1968, modified the Act and created the National Advisory Council on Vocational Education.
6-The Vocational Education Act was renamed the Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Technical Education Act in 1984.
7-Amendments in 1990 created the Tech-Prep program designed to coordinate educational activities into a coherent sequence of courses.
8-It was renamed the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006. 
CTE provides opportunities to earn certificates and degrees that teach in-demand skills but provide a fast track to the work force. Unlike the former “vocational” programs, CTE programs and degrees are meant to be academic and stackable – meaning they are credit bearing and individuals can build on to them through continued education. The 30 programs span from culinary arts and hospitality management to fire science, computer science and nursing. But all offerings include a one-year certificate or two-year degree and with a high-skilled hands-on learning experience. ---8M group 2013
New York City's CTE High Schools.
In 2008, New York City's Department of Education began to rethink vocational training in high schools. Mayor Bloomberg in his State of the City 2008 address said, "This year, we're going to begin dramatically transforming how high school students prepare for technical careers in a number of growing fields. Traditionally, such career and technical education has been seen as an educational dead-end. We're going to change that. College isn't for everyone, but education is. Building on work by the State Education Department, we'll do what no other public school system in the nation has done- create rigorous career and technical programs that start in high schools and continue in our community colleges" A hallmark of New York City public education is school choice. One category of schools students could choose since the early 20th Century has been the vocational high school. In recent years, several new CTE high schools have been started in New York City or reforged with a new perspective. The idea behind this reconfiguration of CTE is that vocational positions are becoming increasingly sophisticated and a high school degree will not be sufficient training. Future vocational technicians will need college training. The new CTE schools prepare students for success college in addition to providing a vocational certification. A new vocational high school, called City Polytechnic High School, will allow students to take college courses while still in high school. While many high schools in New York City offer college courses as part of their curriculum, City Poly, as the school is known, is the first to offer programs in technical fields. Students will graduate in five years instead of the usual four, with a high school diploma and an associate's degree.
Some New York City Career Technical Education (CTE) schools are--

</doc>
<doc id="19536693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536693" title="Jeddore">
Jeddore

Jeddore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19536701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536701" title="Agnew, Western Australia">
Agnew, Western Australia

Agnew is a town in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. It is located north-east of Perth and the closest populated town is Leinster.
The town is named after a miner, John A. Agnew, who worked for a local mining firm, Bewick, Moreing & Co.
The townsite was declared in 1936. Having no official post office in 1936, an unofficial one operated two days per week but only offered limited service.
The town's Post Office was robbed in 1937, with over £250 being stolen during the course of the night. The post office was part of the Emu mine premises and it was noted that the safe from which the money was stolen from was found locked afterward.
At one point the town had a population of 500. The Agnew hotel, that is still operating, was built in 1945 amongst a row of shops on the main street and is all that remains today of the town. An old head frame of a stamp mill and the large taling dumps of the "East Murchison United" gold mine also remain just outside the town.
In 1947 two prospectors, Charles Farranda and Alberto Barnardi, discovered a new gold find north of the Emu mine. The quartz reef containing coarse gold returned about 10oz per ton and was described as the best find in the district for years.
The town water supply failed in the same year when, following six days of calm weather, the windmill was unable to pump water from the town bore and most of the town's tanks had run dry. The town's population at the time was about 200 including 33 children. Water had been pumped by windmill from a well about deep and then pumped to a raised tank, then gravity fed back down to the town. Following the failure the residents refused to pay their rates to the Goldfields Water Supply Department.
The Emu mine closed in 1948, ore breaking stopped late in January and employees received a one month notice of dismissal. The mine closed as a result of the high cost of production and the inability to secure capital for development work. Over 80 men were employed at the mine at the time.
In 1949 the Agnew gold mine closed, this was closely followed by the closure of the town's school as the number of enrolments dropped from 30 to 5. The population of the town was reduced from 150 to 25.
The Emu mine was severely flooded in 1989 resulting in the death of six men who were working underground at the time.
An operating gold mine is located adjacent to the townsite and is also named Agnew. The mine is owned by Gold Fields Ltd.
Three miners were seriously injured when part of the mine collapsed in early 2012. The men were working underground when mesh used to reinforced a rock wall gave way. Two suffered spinal injuries and the Royal Flying Doctor Service sent two planes to transfer then men to hospitals in Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="19536787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536787" title="Tiangong-2">
Tiangong-2

Tiangong-2 () is a planned Chinese space laboratory and part of the Project 921-2 space station program. Tiangong-2 is expected to be launched by the China National Space Agency by 2015 to replace the prototype module Tiangong-1, which was launched in September 2011.
History.
In 2008, the China Manned Space Engineering Office published a brief description of Tiangong-2 and its successor Tiangong-3, indicating that several manned spaceships would be launched to dock with Tiangong-2. 
In March 2011, Chinese officials stated that Tiangong-2 was scheduled to be launched by 2015, following the deorbit of Tiangong-1. Unmanned cargo spacecraft will dock with the station, allowing for resupply.
Development specifications.
The expected specifications of Tiangong-2 will be as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19536811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536811" title="Tiangong-3">
Tiangong-3

Tiangong-3 () will be a Chinese space station module, part of the Tiangong space station program. The China National Space Agency is expected to launch Tiangong-3 around 2015, following the launch of the Tiangong-2 laboratory module in 2013. Tiangong-3's design will form the basis of a full-size, multi-module space station, which is expected to launch in the early 2020s.
Development.
In 2008, the China Manned Space Engineering Office published a brief description of Tiangong-2 and Tiangong-3, indicating that several manned spaceships would be launched in the late 2010s to dock with Tiangong-3. The first Tiangong module, Tiangong-1, was launched in September 2011, and docked with the unmanned Shenzhou 8 spacecraft in November 2011, marking China's first orbital docking.
Specifications.
Tiangong-3's 22-metric-ton core module will be around long and will have a maximum diameter of . It is expected to provide:
Structure and assembly.
Tiangong-3 is a 'third generation' or modular space station project. Other examples of modular station projects include the Soviet/Russian Mir, the International Space Station (ISS) and the planned Russian OPSEK. The 'monolithic' first-generation space stations, such as the Soviet Salyut program and NASA's Skylab stations, were not designed for resupply, possessing only one docking port. Second-generation station projects, such as Tiangong-2, feature a second docking port, allowing for resupply and multiple crewed missions. Modular stations allow new modules to be added or removed from the existing structure over time, saving considerable costs and allowing greater flexibility.
Additional modules will dock to the axial port of Tiangong-3's core module. Using a mechanical arm, similar in function to the Lyappa arm on the Mir space station, modules will then be moved to the radial ports of the docking node.
Future modular space station.
Tiangong-3's design will form the basis of a larger, multi-module space station, which China plans to launch in the 2020-2022 timeframe. When complete, the station will have a total mass of approximately , and will support three astronauts for long-term habitation. The space station will have a design lifetime of up to ten years, and its components and service craft will be largely based on previous Tiangong modules. Its primary components will include:
In 2011, Wang Wenbao, the director of the China Manned Space Engineering Office, asked the public to submit suggestions for names and symbols to adorn the space station and its cargo ship. He stated that "the crewed space program should have a more vivid symbol and that the future space station should carry a resounding and encouraging name", insisting that "the public should be involved in the names and symbols as this major project will enhance national prestige, and strengthen the national sense of cohesion and pride".

</doc>
<doc id="19536854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536854" title="My Very Best">
My Very Best

My Very Best is a compilation album by Agnetha Fältskog which was released on October 8, 2008. The album was released as a celebration of the 40 years anniversary of Agnetha's first hit single ""Jag var så kär"".
It was released in jewel case and digipack. CD 1 focused on her Swedish songs while CD 2 focused on her English songs.
The album debuted at #4 on the Swedish albums chart, and has been certified Gold in recognition of 20,000 copies sold.
References.
album booklet

</doc>
<doc id="19536857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536857" title="Bob Lulham">
Bob Lulham

Bob Lulham (born 1927 - died 1986) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1940s and 50s. A quick-paced winger, he came to Sydney from Newcastle and in his first season in the NSWRFL premiership represented New South Wales in all matches. That year he was also the League's top try-scorer, breaking the record for most tries in a debut season with 28 and most tries in a season for Balmain in the club's history. At the end of the season he played in Balmain's grand final win. At the end of the following season he was selected to tour Europe with the 1948-49 Kangaroos, making his debut in the Third Test against Great Britain before going on to play two Tests against France.
In 1953, Lulham was in the headlines after his mother-in-law, Veronica Monty, with whom he was having a sexual relationship, was charged with attempting to poison him with thallium. At the time Monty was living with her daughter and son-in-law following separation from her husband. In the end, the verdict was 'not guilty'. However, Judith Lulham divorced him over his admission during the trial of "intimacies" with Monty. Lulham never played football again. He retired as the second-highest try-scorer in a single season, with 28.

</doc>
<doc id="19536858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536858" title="Wooden churches of the Slovak Carpathians">
Wooden churches of the Slovak Carpathians

Carpathian Wooden Churches is the name of a UNESCO World Heritage Site that consists of nine wooden religious buildings constructed between the 16th and 18th centuries in eight different locations in Slovakia. They include two Roman Catholic (Hervartov, Tvrdošín), three Protestant (so-called Articular churches in Hronsek, Leštiny, Kežmarok) and three Greek Catholic churches (Bodružal, Ruská Bystrá, Ladomirová) plus one belfry in Hronsek. In addition to these churches there are about 50 more wooden churches in the territory of present-day Slovakia mainly in the northern and eastern part of the Prešov Region (see e.g. this map).
Roman Catholic wooden church of St. Francis of Assisi in Hervartov (see picture above) has a Gothic character as represented by its tall but narrow structure unusual for a wooden church. It was built in the second half of the 15th century and thus represents the oldest of its type in Slovakia. The floor is made of stones again unlike in most of wooden churches where it is usually made of wood. Rare wall paintings were added in 1665 during the reformation period and they depict, among others, Adam and Eve in the Eden or the struggle of St. George with the dragon. The main altar of Virgin Mary, St. Catherine of Alexandria, and St. Barbara was made between 1460 and 1470 and restored in the second half of the 20th century. 
Roman Catholic Gothic church of All Saints in Tvrdošín was built in the second half of the 15th century and modified in a Renaissance style in the 17th century. Baroque main altar depicting All Saints is from the end of the 17th century. Remaining part of the original Gothic altar with St. Peter and St. John the Baptist ended up in muzeum in Budapest after the World War I. Worth of notice are also ceiling paintings depicting the starry heaven, as well as many religious artefacts from the 17th century.
Severe restrictions embodied in the articles of the Congress of Sopron (1681) that enabled building of Protestant, so called articular, churches caused their extraordinary appearance. They must have been built within the single year, without any metal parts such as nails, and without any tower. Thus the construction of the church in Hronsek began on 23 October 1725 and was finished in the autumn of the 1726, the same year when the adjacent belfry was built as well. Church is 8m high and has a shape of the cross with arms 23 and 18m long. As there are many unusual motives from Scandinavian architecture, it is assumed that craftsmen from Norway and/or Sweden participated on the construction site. Unique is also the ordering of the benches on the choirs so that the church can accommodate 1100 worshipers through its 5 doors. The altar has 6 tables from 1771 by Master Samuel Kialovič. 
Construction of the wooden evangelical articular church in Leštiny in the Orava region of Slovakia was ordered by Jób Zmeškal and finished in 1688. Interior dates back to the 17th and 18th century nad it is whole beautifully painted. Main altar is from the 18th century and the famous Slovak poet Pavol Országh Hviezdoslav was baptised here as well.
Built in 1717, church in Kežmarok with one of the most fascinating interiors with exceptional wall paintings as well as wood carvings is considered to be the most beautiful of the last 5 remaining articular churches in Slovakia. In order to raise money for the construction of the church, fund-raising campaigns were conducted in many parts of Europe, e.g. Sweden and Denmark. The architect of the church was Juraj Müttermann from Popradu and with its width of 30.31m, length of 34.68m, and height of 20.60m, it together with 6 side choirs it can serve more than 1500 worshipers, which is quite an achievement for a wooden church. Ceiling paintings started in 1717 and continued for several decades. They depict blue heaven, 12 apostles, 4 evangelists, plus the Holy Trinity above the altar. Ján Lerch from Kežmarok made the altar between 1718 and 1727 with the central motive of the Calvary. Extraordinary masterwork is also the organ built between 1717 and 1720 by Vavrinec Čajkovský, and extended in 1729 by Master Martin Korabinský from Spišská Nová Ves. After general restoration in the 1990s services are again regularly hold there.
Greek Catholic church of St. Nicholas in Bodružal built in 1658 consists of three interconnected square-shaped parts along the east-west axis with 3 towers (the biggest one with the bells) topped with little onion domes and iron crosses. Artistically it belongs to folk Baroque style. Church is surrounded with the cemetery, wall, and the belfry from the 19th century. Some of the 18th century wall paintings are still preserved as well as iconostasis, and other icons from the same century. Altar was reconstructed in 1990s and the whole building subsequently in the 2004. Two of the three bells was melted down in the World War I and replaced only in the second half of the 1920s. From 1968 until the middle of the 1990s the church was biritual, i.e. holding Greek Catholic as well as Eastern Orthodox services. nowadays it belongs only to the Greek Catholic Church.
Church of St. Nicholas in Ruská Bystrá built at the beginning of the 18th century has just 2 towers and the shape of its almost perfect geometric roof resembles traditional houses of peasants. Interior with religious artefacts dates back to the 18th century as well.
Church of Archangel Michael in Ladomirová built in 1742 without a single nail has basically the same design as the one in Bodružal including its surroundings (wall, cemetery, belfry).
Resources.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19536863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536863" title="Joël Moïse Babanda">
Joël Moïse Babanda

Joël Moïse Babanda (born on January 12, 1984 in Garoua) is a Cameroonian footballer who is currently playing for Olympique Khouribga.
Career.
Babanda began his career by Racing FC Bafoussam before moving to Cotonsport Garoua in 2005. He moved from Cotonsport Garoua to Algerian club ASO Chlef in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19536881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536881" title="Clubb">
Clubb

Clubb is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19536913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536913" title="1947–48 FA Cup">
1947–48 FA Cup

The 1947–48 FA Cup was the 67th staging of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Manchester United won the competition for only the second time, beating Blackpool 4–2 in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage 43 clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined 23 non-league clubs who had advanced through the qualifying rounds. Rotherham United and Queens Park Rangers, as the strongest non-promoted Third Division finishers in the previous season, were given a bye to the Third Round, along with Swansea Town. To make the number of matches up, non-league Leytonstone and Wimbledon, the previous season's F. A. Amateur Cup winners and runners-up respectively, were given byes to this round. 34 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 29 November 1947. Six were drawn and went to replays.
Second round proper.
The matches were played on Saturday, 13 December 1947. Seven matches were drawn, with replays taking place the following Saturday. One of these then went to a second replay.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage, along with Rotherham United, Queens Park Rangers and Swansea Town. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 10 January 1948. Two matches were drawn and went to replays on the following Saturday.
Fourth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 24 January 1948. One game was drawn and went to a replay, which was played on the following Saturday.
Fifth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 7 February 1948. There was one replay, taking place the following Saturday.
Sixth round proper.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 28 February 1948. There was one replay, in the QPR–Derby County match.
Semi finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 13 March 1948. Manchester United and Blackpool won their ties to meet in the final at Wembley. The gate rceipts for the tie at Villa Park were £18,817 a record at the time for that ground.
Final.
The 1948 FA Cup Final was contested by Manchester United and Blackpool at Wembley Stadium on 24 April 1948. Both teams played in a changed strip, Blackpool in white shirts and blue shorts and Manchester United in unfamiliar blue shirts and white shorts. Stanley Matthews was playing his first season for Blackpool and they led the favourites 2-1 only to lose to United, who hadn't appeared in an FA Cup Final for 39 years, won 4–2, with two goals from Jack Rowley and one apiece from Stan Pearson and John Anderson. Eddie Shimwell and Stan Mortensen scored Blackpool's goals. With his goal, Shimwell became the first full-back to score at Wembley whilst Stan Mortensen maintained his record of scoring in every round. The cup had gone to United in a game that many critics still rate as the best footballing final ever seen at Wembley Stadium. One reporter David Pole, commented; "If United's display was as close to perfection as any team could hope to go, Blackpool's was not far behind."

</doc>
<doc id="19536916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536916" title="Many Moons (song)">
Many Moons (song)

"Many Moons" is a 2008 song by American singer Janelle Monáe, included on the "" album. It was number 47 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. The song was also nominated for Best Urban/Alternative Performance at the 51st Grammy Awards. The song's opening section, which involves a refrain of "voodoo," borrows both musically and lyrically from the Pinball Number Count song from Sesame Street, which was performed by the The Pointer Sisters.
Music video.
The video, which Monáe promoted as a short film, takes place at the Annual Android Auction in the fictional city of Metropolis. During the auction, Monae's alter-ego Cindi Mayweather performs for the crowd, while the other androids walk down the catwalk, and are being bought off by the wealthiest of Metropolis, such as technology moguls, city officials, religious authorities, and crime lords, while each android costing billions of British Pounds, as were being used in the short film. She eventually performs so feverishly that she shorts out, and is taken away by Lady Maestra, Master of the ShowDroids (another alter-ego).

</doc>
<doc id="19536928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536928" title="Derek Shaw (footballer)">
Derek Shaw (footballer)

Derek Shaw (born 3 March 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1970s and early 1980s. 
Shaw, who could play as both a ruckman and forward, came from Bundoora originally. He made his debut at Collingwood in 1978 and the following season kicked 21 goals to earn a spot in their losing Grand Final team.

</doc>
<doc id="19536960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536960" title="Russia for Russians">
Russia for Russians

Russia for Russians (, "Rossiya dlya russkikh", ) is a political slogan and nationalist doctrine, encapsulating the range of ideas from bestowing the ethnic Russians with exclusive rights in the Russian state to expelling all non-Russians from the country. Originated in the Russian Empire in the latter half of the 19th century, the slogan has become increasingly popular in modern Russia, challenging the dominant discourse of multiculturalism within Russia.
Russian Empire.
Origin.
The original "Russia for Russians" idea has variously been ascribed to a Black Hundreds ideologue Vladimir Gringmut, to General Mikhail Skobelev (1843-1882), or to Tsar Alexander III of Russia (1845-1894). Gringmut authored one of the first publications to use the slogan. He proclaimed "Russia for Russian" as a slogan of the Russian Monarchist Party, which, he wrote, "clearly sees that if Russia is left to the people of alien stock and religion, and to foreigners, – not only will not be the Autocracy, but Russia herself." Another version attributes the notion to Alexander III, who declared that "Russia should belong to Russians, and all others dwelling on this land must respect and appreciate this people". According to General Aleksey Kuropatkin, Alexander chose "Russia for Russians" as his watchword. General Skobelev is also reported to have said that "I want to inscribe on my banner: 'Russia for Russians and in a Russian way,' and raise this flag as high as possible!"
In the last decades of the 19th century, some Russian political movements proposed reclassifying "Russia" as an ethnic or even as a racial category. They advocated "Russia for Russia" and believed that Russians deserved more rights than other nationalities in their "own empire" as they had established and maintained the state in the first place. Such exclusive nationalists denounced non-Russians as grossly ungrateful for the benefits they had received from Russian rule.
Although these sentiments caught the minds of some intellectuals in the latter part of the 19th century, right-wing xenophobic organizations first originated during the Russian Revolution of 1905, when political parties were finally legalized. They made "Russia for the Russians" their battle cry, yet were determined to preserve "one and united Russia" through the Russification of the non-Russians.
The first hostile "other" to be targeted were the Jews, and "Russia for Russians" was soon augmented with the slogan "Beat up the Yids and save Russia!".
Criticism.
From the very beginning, the slogan and the idea of the empire ruled by Russians were very controversial regarding what “Russians” meant. One of the outspoken critics of the notion, Pavel Milyukov, leader of the Constitutional Democratic Party, considered the “Russia for Russians” slogan to have been “a slogan of disunity… not creative but destructive.” In 1909, Milyukov addressed the Russian State Duma on the issue of using Ukrainian in the court system, attacking Russian nationalist deputies: “You say “Russia for Russians,” but whom do you mean by “Russian”? You should say “Russia only for the Great Russians,” because that which you do not give to Muslims and Jews you also do not give your own nearest kin – Ukraine.”
Another notable politician, Prime Minister Sergei Witte, warned Tsar Nicholas II against his flirtation with these ideas because it would disrupt the delicate ethnic balance in the Russian state. The slogan was also rejected by the moderate nationalist Nikolai Berdyaev who viewed it as “pagan nationalism” and contrasted it with the messianist “Christian nationalist” notion “Russia for the World”.
Opposition from protagonists of a multi-ethnic empire like Witte and indifference of most Russian workers and peasants of pre-World War I Russia to such sentiments rendered the project of a Russian ethnocracy abortive without even being properly launched.
Modern Russia.
The notion “Russia for Russians” resurfaced again later in the 1980s when the ultra-nationalist Pamyat staged a series of demonstrations and passed out handbills that read “Russia for Russians!” and “Death to the Yids!” 
With the outbreak of a second war in Chechnya in 1998 and growing antipathy to “strangers” in Russia after Vladimir Putin’s advent to power, the proportion of those who subscribe to the maxim “Russia for Russians” began to increase, partly as a reaction to the crisis and instability and uncertainty of the 1990s as well as growing public discontent with the influx of migrants from Central Asia, the South Caucasus, and China. Thus, the overall number of its supporters rose from 46% in 1998 to 58% in 2005. By “Russians”, the respondents frequently mean exclusively ethnic Russians, and preferably with a "Slavic Face” appearance, not Russian citizens. This slogan has become a prominent feature at nationalist manifestations during the annual Unity Day holiday. The victims of ethnic and racial violence also reported hearing chants of "Russia for Russians" during attacks.
In a 2006 opinion poll published by the independent Russian Public Opinion Research Center (VCIOM), 34% of the respondents approved the slogan on the proviso that by “Russians” is meant all citizens of the Russian Federation, 23% said they would not object to the idea if implemented within “reasonable limits”, 20% (mostly in Moscow and St. Petersburg) believed the realization of this concept – without any restrictions – was long overdue. The notion was disapproved of by 23%, of whom 12% feared difficulties with the West, and 11% of whom described it as “true fascism”. At the same time, supporters of the slogan diverged regarding what “Russians” meant – all those who had been brought up in Russian traditions (39%), those who labored for Russia (23%), only Russians “by blood” (15%), those who spoke Russian as a native language (12%), or Russian Orthodox Christians (7%).
Human rights groups have implicated the sentiment as translating into violence against foreigners. Alexander Brod, director of the Moscow Bureau for Human Rights (MBHR), has argued that polling data indicate that 60% of Russia’s adult population adheres to an ideology he has described as "Russia for Russians and all misfortune is from non-Russians.” Lyudmila Alexeyeva, chairwoman of the Moscow Helsinki Group, has accused the top Russian officials of promoting the notion. She cited as an example Krasnodar governor Alexander Tkachyov, who has vowed to drive “the aliens and dissenters" out of his region. The MBHR published, in 2005, a report monitoring xenophobia during the Moscow local elections and argued that a number of political parties adhered to xenophobic slogans, such as “Russia for Russians” and “Russian faces in the Russian capital”, in their election campaigns. For example, the Rodina party and its leader Dmitry Rogozin made illegal immigration and a “Moscow for Muscovites!” platform a centerpiece of their election campaign.
An investigation ordered by a Russian court concluded that slogan "Russia for Russians" does not fuel ethnic hatred. The investigation was conducted in connection with a case of assaulting a teenagerethnicity? who was almost killed near his school. The attackers shouted "Russia for Russians!", while beating the boy.
On July 28, 2010, a court in Russia demanded an ISP block access to YouTube because the site hosted “Russia for Russians,” which is considered by many to be an extremist video 
Also as of recently Russia has passed a law allowing them to remove websites from anywhere without the need for a court order.

</doc>
<doc id="19536966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536966" title="Third sector">
Third sector

The term third sector may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19536982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536982" title="Steve Souchock">
Steve Souchock

Stephen Souchock (March 3, 1919 – July 28, 2002), nicknamed "Bud," was a Major League Baseball outfielder and first basemen and a former veteran who served in the military during World War II. His Major League Baseball career lasted a total of eight years, having served in the military for three years. Born in Yatesboro, Pennsylvania, Souchock worked on the assembly line at the Ford factory during his early life. He also played semi-pro American football for the Dearborn Club in 1938. During his baseball career, he batted and threw right-handed.
Career.
Minor League Baseball.
New York Yankees’ scout Bill Skiff had scouted Steve Souchock, and eventually he signed with the New York Yankees in June 1939, before the 1939 baseball season. From 1939 to 1942, Souchock played baseball in the New York Yankees organization. In 1942, Souchock was the Eastern League Most Valuable Player and won the league batting title with a batting average of .315.
Military service.
In 1943, the Yankees were possibly going call-up and use Souchock as a replacement for Buddy Hassett as first baseman in Major League Baseball, but he instead entered military service in January of that year. In the military, served in the 691st Tank Destroyer Battalion of the 87th Infantry Division, US Army. He served in the European Theater of Operations. Serving the military for three years, he eventually earned the rank of First Sergeant. He fought in the Battle of the Bulge. His unit was attached to Patton's 3rd Army. Toward the end of his military service, Souchock earned a Bronze Star in Europe as commander of a five-man gun crew. He returned home with five battle stars in late 1945, Souchock said, "The war cost me three important years, as it did many ballplayers." On December 6, 1945, at Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania, Souchock had been discharged from military service.
Major League Baseball.
The following year on May 25, 1946, Souchock made his major league debut with the New York Yankees. That year, he played 47 games and batted .302 with two home runs. He had been listed at 6-02½ in height, and 203 lb. in weight. He played two baseball seasons with the New York Yankees, until being traded on December 14, 1948 by the New York Yankees to the Chicago White Sox for outfielder Jim Delsing. He played in 84 games with the Chicago White Sox, hitting seven home runs. On November 16, 1950, Souchock was drafted by the Detroit Tigers from the Chicago White Sox in the 1950 rule 5 draft. For the last five years of his Major League Baseball career, Souchock played with the Detroit Tigers. He broke his wrist in 1954, which ended his effectiveness. His last game was played on April 15, 1955.
Souchock died on July 28, 2002 in Dearborn, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="19537014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537014" title="Ian Nicoll">
Ian Nicoll

Ian Nicoll (born 2 October 1946) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1960s. 
A left footer, Nicoll joined Carlton from the Wangaratta Rovers and served them mainly as a rover. He participated in Carlton's 1969 VFL Grand Final side which lost to Richmond.

</doc>
<doc id="19537028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537028" title="Thummalapenta">
Thummalapenta

Thummalapenta is a village in Kavali mandal. It is located on the east coast of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is a village of more than 1000 households and 4000 people.It is located 9 kms from kavali.In thummala penta government is developing tourism.most the people living in thummalapent are based on aqua culture.
It is a combination of major 3 religions and different castes.village is devided into 2 panchayities called annagaripalem and thummalapenta.
the agriculture also one of the major source of income of the people who are living.
In thummalapenta there is a a.p.r.school for girls.All over the nellore district will study there who are having less income.
Whole thummalapenta is devided into four streets based on type of people.those are balijapalem,pattapupalem,pallepalem,yanadi sangam.

</doc>
<doc id="19537030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537030" title="Steven Sasagi">
Steven Sasagi

Steven Sasagi is a NZ rugby union player who in the past has played for the Tasman Makos in the Air New Zealand Cup and North Otago in the Heartland Championship.
Early years.
Stephen Sasagi played for his Otago Boys High School 1st XV as a Lock in 2002. While playing his club rugby for Alhambra Union (2004–2007) he was selected for the Samoa U21 side to play in the Under 21 World Cup in Argentina and was part of the Under-21 team that faced Ireland in 2005.
North Otago.
Stephen Sasagi played on the wing when playing for North Otago and was a vital part of the 2007 North Otago side that won the Meads Cup. He brought pace to the team, and scored a number of tries along the way.
Tasman Makos.
Stephen Sasagi joined the Makos for the 2008 season. Although he only had two appearances, he managed to score his sole try for the union against Taranaki.
Wellington.
He currently attends Victoria University of Wellington at the School of Architecture and Design and is working his way towards a Bachelor of Design. Sasagi is currently playing as a Loose Forward for the Tawa Rugby Club in the Wellington Club Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19537034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537034" title="Modhir Ahmed">
Modhir Ahmed

Modhir Ahmed (born 1956) is an Iraqi-Swedish artist. 
Life and work.
Born in Baghdad, Iraq, Modhir Ahmed has lived in Poland and Sweden.
Modhir Ahmed studied at Baghdad Institute of Fine Arts (1974–79) and received a BFA Major in Graphic Arts. He spent his leisure time at the national museum, drawing and studying the basic principles of abstract and minimalist art. Inspired by his Polish professors Modhir pursued studies in Poland, leaving Iraq in 1980, a few months before the Iran/Iran war. After completing five years at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw (1981–86) he achieved an MFA Major in Painting. Modhir then went to Sweden where he studied computer graphics in Skövde to develop his printmaking techniques (1990–91). He became director of The Print Workshop in Falun. Modhir gained a Karlskoga Nobel Art scholarship in Karlskoga, Sweden in 2000 for his contribution to the graphic arts.
In 2007, Modhir made an artist's book on Tomas Tranströmer’s "Galleriet", entitled "Vecka nr.II".
Together with partner artist/art critic Maria Vivero, he worked on a project about Rashid bin Khalifa Al Khalifa, which gave rise to the book "Rashid bin Khalifa Al Khalifa, 40 years of painting, from himself, by himself, for himself", a Shaikh's retrospective.
In January 2012, Modhir Ahmed had his 35 year's Retrospective exhibition curated by Anne Seppanen at Dalarnas Museum in Falun. The exhibition will travel in October to Borås, the artist first residence in Sweden, and will be shown at Algarden Gallery. He recently visited the northern part of Iraq after 30 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19537037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537037" title="Belle Alliance (disambiguation)">
Belle Alliance (disambiguation)

Belle Alliance may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19537054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537054" title="Burnouf">
Burnouf

Burnouf is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19537063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537063" title="Beatriz Michelena">
Beatriz Michelena

Beatriz Michelena (February 22, 1890 – October 10, 1942) was an American actress during the silent film era, known at the time for her operatic soprano voice and appearances in musical theatre. She was one of the few Latina stars visible on the silver screen in the United States in the 1910s. She was always the lead actress in film projects and a production company co-founder with her husband producing four of her own movies.
She wrote popular articles for newspapers, including an advice column for girls, describing what it was like to be an actress, and answering questions from readers. For adult readers, Michelena wrote other pieces such as a history of the moving picture industry. In 1920 when she stopped making films, she returned to her career as a singer.
Michelena faded from historiography for many years, but her place in history has recently been re-examined; she was mentioned in 2002 in a presidential proclamation and her film, "Salomy Jane", is enjoying a limited re-release.
Early life.
Beatriz Michelena was supposedly born in New York City in 1890, six years after her sister Vera Michelena (or California as the 1930 US Census reports) although she seems to be a bit more truthful with other details of her life according to the 1920 US Census and around the same time that her father, Fernando Michelena, a Spanish-heritage native of Venezuela, was singing the title role of the opera "Ernani" with a traveling theatre company that performed famous operas translated to English for American audiences. Both Vera and Beatriz were trained by their father in classical voice and drama studies, and they followed in his footsteps by beginning singing careers of their own. Vera first appeared onstage in the Princess Chic Opera company (1901) at 17, taking a leading role in "The Man from China" (1904). Beatriz, too, performed with Princess Chic in 1901, taking chorus roles suitable for a child of 11. By mid-1904, with Vera busy pursuing her career in New York, Fernando Michelena settled in San Francisco, California to teach voice. There, he raised Beatriz and continued to train her, a soprano, in operatic vocal techniques. He passed his stage experience to his daughter: the way to move as another person, the way to make simple but authoritative gestures, and the way to build intensity over the span of a performance.
Marriage and stage career.
On Sunday, March 3, 1907, Michelena married George E. Middleton, a prominent San Francisco automobile dealer; the "happy culmination" of a romance that had begun in their school days. The private wedding took place at 232 Divisadero Street, the home of the parents of bridesmaid Margaret McGovern, "a lifelong friend of the bride." Judge Thomas F. Graham performed the ceremony. The couple spent a few weeks in Los Angeles for their honeymoon.
Middleton was the manager of the local Middleton Motor Car Company and the son of a California timber baron. He introduced Michelena to his society friends and business partners, including the trustees of Charles Crocker's estate who had rebuilt the St. Francis Hotel after the 1906 earthquake and fire.
After two years absence from the theatrical stage, "Beatriz Michelena Middleton" received a "full ovation" at the Garrick Theater (October 1910) for her role in "The White Hen", a musical comedy set in Austria. The rotund comedian Max Dill (leader of the acting company), as star of the show, received 14 minutes ovation simply by entering the stage. Flowers worth "a small fortune", according to the "San Francisco Call" theater writer, Walter Anthony followed her performance. The lead actress Lora Lieb, native San Franciscan but unknown as a performer, took less applause.
In an interview with Walter Anthony after "The White Hen" was an established hit, Middleton, with Michelena, said that he attempted to keep his wife off the stage since he "didn't like the idea of musical comedy", although "grand opera" appeared to him as more appropriate. Nonetheless, he agreed to an offer from Max Dill. Michelena said that she had so far spent her married life studying to perform three operatic roles: Carmen and Micaëla in "Carmen", and Violetta Valéry in "La traviata". She said that prior to appearing at the Garrick Theater, she had been afraid that her stage training had been lost. Michelena said she had to overcome her own fears as well as her husband's objections.
Michelena had enough of "The White Hen" by the end of November quitting Dill's company based on one objection: she was despite prior arrangement with company manager Nat A. Magner billed beneath Lora Lieb in theater publicity and she refused to put her famous family name in second place.
Obviously, she "caused a sensation" with her departure from "The White Hen" but then in December her association with the Princess Chic company came to light when the company manager John Slocum, who had "discovered" the Michelena sisters seven years previously in the Princess Chic company, agreed to four performances in Slocum's traveling production of "The Kissing Girl", normally featuring Michelena's good friend, the actress Texas Guinan in order to play the role of Christina.
. Slocum reportedly wanted Michelena to sign a long-term contract, but Middleton("the athlete and clubman about town") won out, and then eventually married her. No sooner had 
Michelena, said:
Following the three performances in San Francisco and one in Oakland, Michelena and her husband took seats in the audience to watch Guinan perform the play's title role in San Jose's Victory Theater on December 15.
Michelena excelled in a singing role in "The Tik-Tok Man of Oz" in 1913. That year, during the autumn season, Michelena was a featured star of the Mechanics' Fair, an engineering and auto show in San Francisco. Following that, she sang at the inauguration of the Lincoln Highway, the nation's first transcontinental road. The western terminus celebration at the Valencia Theatre in San Francisco was organized by the Motor Car Dealers' Association, October 31, 1913.
California Motion Picture Company.
Middleton set up the California Motion Picture Company (CMPC) in San Rafael in 1912 to shoot promotional footage of the automobiles he was selling. He determined that his pretty wife could star in movies made by his company. By 1914, Middleton and Michelena were producing consecutively three major films.
The first feature completed by CMPC was "Salomy Jane", screened initially at the St. Francis Hotel by invitation only. Michelena's role was Bret Harte's Salomy Jane Clay, an energetic daughter of an emigrant miner. She is wooed by four men but prefers a fifth played by British heartthrob House Peters. The movie saw limited nationwide distribution and was judged a hit by viewers who were impressed by the wild California scenery: giant redwood trees, winding roads hugging rocky bluffs and the Russian River Michelena's dominant portrayal of the title role was also an appeal. Journalist Josephine Clifford McCracken wrote of her in the June 1915 issue of "Overland Monthly":
One CMPC shooting location was on family property near Boulder Creek, California where Middleton's father had established a timber holding now known as the Middleton Tract. Other filming locations included undeveloped portions of Sonoma, Santa Cruz and Marin counties. In San Rafael, the studio boasted a large glass-walled and -roofed building that let in light but not wind so that shooting for indoor scenes could take place in full light without the telltale flapping of tablecloths and clothing blown by gusts. Considered expensive at the time, the company used a 1,250 Bell & Howell movie camera, worth about $ in current value. The camera held two reels of film so that two negatives were made of each scene. A second $700 camera provided a third reel of the same scene, from another perspective.
The artistic success of "Salomy Jane" (1914) convinced Middleton that his wife could challenge he prominence of the renowned movie star Mary Pickford. Every CMPC production was to be vehicle for Michelena's success. Unfortunately, she had a growing ego with each glowing review, and her demands for star treatment brought heavier expenses for productions that did not pay for themselves. "Mignon", "The Lily of Poverty Flat", "A Phyllis of the Sierras", "Salvation Nell" and "The Rose of the Misty Pool" all failed to turn a profit, and a lavish production of "Faust" was in production in 1915 and given until the end of the year to be completed but by January 1916 was shut down, and CMPC president Herbert Payne closed the film company and filed for bankruptcy. "Faust" never was released.
Writer.
In 1915 and 1916, Michelena wrote the regular newspaper column "Talks with Screen-struck Girls", carried at first by the "San Rafael Independent" on Tuesdays but then appeared on Sundays in other newspapers: "San Francisco Examiner" and the "Prescott Journal-Miner" (Arizona). She wrote about the ideal qualities found in an actress, and what girls might do to develop them. She received a torrent of letters from readers—many were from girls asking "Must I be able to ride" and "Must I be able to swim". In response, Michelena described in the column how those skills were helpful to a movie actress, but not absolutely necessary; she said they "are accessories to, rather than the substance of the thing ... I would advise every girl entering motion pictures to learn to ride and swim and do all the rest of it, but I would have her realize their subordination to the really artistic side of the profession."
On May 7, 1916, Michelena wrote to caution girls wishing for fame on the silver screen that many like themselves ended up "broken in spirit", with shattered expectations. She advised them to stay home and avoid "bitter disappointment" in movie making. In July, she discussed some of the specifics of the mental challenges of acting:
In addition to her column, Michelena wrote occasional articles intended for a wider readership. She wrote in October 1916 about the history of the moving picture industry in a multiple-article series, beginning her account with a retelling of Eadweard Muybridge's action photograph of Governor Leland Stanford's racehorse named Occident. She defined this high-speed image as essential to the development of moving pictures.
Michelena Studios.
Middleton and Michelena bought CMPC for "a few thousand dollars" (1917) calling it Michelena Studios. Their new company was called Beatriz Michelena Features and shooting began on their next feature-length film, "Just Squaw". Michelena's lead character was a white woman raised by American Indians not realizing her "racial" heritage until after she falls into forbidden love with a white man. The movie played a week in San Francisco (1919), and did not return a profit.
It seems that their new distributor, Robertson-Cole, found it difficult to find the right market for "Heart of Juanita" (1920) and "The Flame of Hellgate" (1920) possibly since the audiences expected better production techniques instead of the older styles used by Michelena Studios. After shooting "The Flame of Hellgate", Middleton and Michelena stopped making movies altogether. She returned to her singing performances and he to car sales. They divorced in the mid-1920s—the union produced no children.
Retirement.
After leaving film work, Michelena continued with her singing career, and toured Latin America (1927) where she was warmly received as part of a 30-person troupe of singers and dancers performing the operas "Carmen" and "Madama Butterfly'. The "San Francisco Chronicle" reported that this was "the first invasion of those countries by an American operatic star in repertoire performances". Afterward, she retired from singing, and returned to San Rafael to live near her old film studio. Between 1937 and 1941, she sold 10 of the 26 real estate parcels that together had formed her studio lot. On October 10, 1942, after a surgical operation in San Francisco, she died at the age of 52. Her sister Vera Michelena and her ex-husband George Middleton survived her.
Legacy.
The Michelena Features studio facility in San Rafael sat empty through the 1920s with its solitary metal-clad brick vault housing all the company's nitrate films, including the earlier ones shot by CMPC. In 1931, boys playing with a firecracker at the deserted lot set the vault and all of its flammable contents spectacularly on fire. Every known copy of Michelena's movies was destroyed, a loss that Middleton estimated at $200,000; worth about $ million today. In 1996, an 82-year-old nitrate copy of "Salomy Jane" was found in Australia; it was sent to the Library of Congress for preservation. Awareness of Michelena's contribution to early film, and her role as a groundbreaking Hispanic star, rose in 2002 with a proclamation made by President George W. Bush upon the occasion of National Hispanic Heritage Month in which he listed her as one of America's influential Latino actors. In 2008, a new print of "Salomy Jane" was released for limited distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="19537067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537067" title="Learning Through Art">
Learning Through Art

Learning Through Art is an educational program of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. LTA pairs practicing artists with participating public elementary school classrooms throughout the five burrows of New York City. These resident artists spend one day a week for a period of 10 or 20 weeks working with classroom instructors to create and execute an art curriculum for the students that ties in with current Guggenheim exhibitions and supports the core curriculum learning inside of the classroom. Participating classrooms visit the Guggenheim multiple times throughout the duration of their program, and student artwork is shown in a culminating exhibition at the Guggenheim Museum in their annual "A Year With Children" showcase.
History.
In 1970, in response to the cutting of art and music programs in New York City public schools, Natalie K. Lieberman started a program called Learning to Read Through the Arts. Later becoming a Guggenheim trustee, in 1994 the program was merged with the Guggenheim Foundation. In its first 35 years, LTA has worked with hundreds of resident artists to serve approximately 138,500 New York City schoolchildren in dozens of public schools.
Methods.
At the core of the LTA philosophy is the belief that artwork can, and, in today's image-saturated culture, should, be taught to be read much like a traditional text. Teaching students to talk about art the way they would talk about text gives them a forum to practice critical-thinking skills and become active participants in a work, be that work visual or text based. Unlike text, however, works of art provide a highly accessible way for students to practice these necessary reading skills without having to worry about stumbling over a difficult word, flip through pages to find a quote, or struggle with decoding written text.
Additionally, it may be easier to find visual artworks open to a wide array of interpretation - thus lending themselves to be contoured more easily towards a specific teaching point (es: mood) while at the same time inviting more varied discussion from students. This is because we as a culture have grown familiar with abstract art, abstract expressionism and surrealism for example, whereas we remain extremely uncomfortable with literature that approaches abstraction.
Critical-thinking skills are developed through open-ended questions and conversations between instructor and student. This practice is called Inquiry. Questions such as: "What do you notice about this painting? What can we guess about this place? Compare this place to your own neighborhood. How is it similar? How is it different?" are similar to the kinds of conversations that would take place around text in the classroom. Students are asked to back up their interpretations of the artwork with explanations of details in the piece that lead them to their conclusion; multiple interpretations of the work are encouraged by discussion facilitators, such as "Does everyone agree? Are there any other ideas?" Through inquiry, students not only develop visual literacy skills that transfer to textual literacies, but an important groundwork is laid in the grammar and value of group discussion.
LTA and Literacy Skills.
“Excellence in teaching is a hallmark of the Guggenheim and the evaluation findings
confirm what we have intuitively known—that our dynamic approach to viewing,
discussing, and creating works of art with youth improves their ability to think and read,”
- Kim Kanatani, Director of Education, Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum"
In 2006, results of a three year study confirmed fundamental literacy skills were developed through participation in inquiry with art. The study, "Teaching Literacy Through Art", was administered by the LTA program, conducted by Randi Korn & Associates, and funded by the U.S. Department of Education. The study examined groups of third graders at P.S. 148 in Queens, and P.S. 86 in the Bronx. Along with classroom discussion of texts and visual documents, for the purposes of this study students were asked to discuss the painting "The Artist and His Mother" by Arshile Gorky (1926), and an excerpt from Cynthia Kabohata's 2004 book "Kira-Kira". The study found that the third grade students who participated in the LTA program and had ample practice talking critically about works of art using inquiry, used more words to express themselves and demonstrated higher achievement in six categories of literacy and critical-thinking skills than their peers who had no experience with inquiry and visual documents. Categories of improved literacy skills were: thorough description, extended focus, hypothesizing, evidential reasoning, providing multiple interpretations, and building schema.
These improvements in critical-thinking skills aid classroom teachers in meeting New York State English Language Arts Learning Standards, and prove that skills learned while creating meaning with a visual document are transferable to students' capabilities in navigating meaning with a written text.
For many students who have trouble decoding text, talking critically about a visual text provides a more accessible entryway to developing these important critical-thinking skills necessary in becoming an active reader of written texts.
However, while students who participated in LTA demonstrated improved critical-thinking and literacy skills inside the classroom and in interviews with researchers, scores on the New York City English Language Arts exam were not significantly different from the control group. This could perhaps be because the exam was written, whereas inquiry with artwork and data collected for research was done orally, through class discussion and interviews. Oral evaluations were chosen to be used in the study, because researchers wanted to evaluate students' language skills when thinking critically about a work of art or a text, as opposed to students' reading or writing ability.
A Visual World.
The research results of LTA's "Teaching Literacy Through Art" study are not only good news for art educators looking to prove what they've instinctually known, that making and looking at artwork widens students' perspectives of the world. The study also strengthens the new trend in the education field of multi-modal texts in classrooms. Multi-modal classrooms acknowledge the fact that we live in a world where students are barraged with many types of "texts," not only traditional print texts such as novels and poems, but other kinds of print media and online texts. Increasingly, these texts reach us visually, through movies and television programs and commercials, billboards, and printed advertisements using photographs, drawings, and graphic design. The Learning Through Art program teaches students to look at these visual texts with critical eye, and, through the creation of their own artwork, empowers students to become not only passive consumers of this visual culture, but also creators and manipulators of it.
References.
Kennedy, Randy. "Guggenheim Study Suggests Arts Education Benefits Literacy Skills." June 26, 2006. New York Times. http://www.nytimes.com/2006/07/27/books/27gugg.html
RK&A's Final "Teaching Literacy Through Art" Report. http://www.learningthroughart.org/pdfs/Final_Distribution_RKA_2007_Guggenheim_TLTA_report.pdf
The National Council of Teachers of English. http://www.ncte.org/edpolicy/multimodal

</doc>
<doc id="19537087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537087" title="Loch Coruisk">
Loch Coruisk

Loch Coruisk (in Scottish Gaelic, "Coire Uisg", the "Cauldron of Waters") is an inland fresh-water loch, lying at the foot of the Black Cuillin in the Isle of Skye, in the Scottish Highlands.
Geography.
The loch is accessible by boat from Elgol, or on foot from Sligachan (approximately 7–8 miles distance). It is also possible to walk from Elgol, but one section of the path (“the Bad Step”) presents some potential difficulties for the nervous or inexperienced.
The northern end of the loch is ringed by the Black Cuillin, often wreathed in cloud. From the southern end the Scavaig River, only a few hundred yards long, discharges into a sea loch, Loch Scavaig. The loch is nearly two miles long, but only about 400 yards wide.
Literature.
Sir Walter Scott visited the loch in 1814 and described it vividly:
Lord Tennyson reported more prosaically:
Mark Haddon used the remote location of the loch for a portal in the 1992 children's novel "Gridzbi Spudvetch!", re-issued in 2009 as "Boom!". A description of the path from Elgol (including a traverse of The Bad Step) is included in the narrative, as is the Memorial Hut. 
Robert Macfarlane visited the loch and its valley whilst writing his 2007 travelogue "The Wild Places", and a description of the area forms the book's third chapter.
Art.
The loch has been painted by, among many others, William Daniell (1769–1837), J.M.W. Turner (1775–1851), Sidney Richard Percy (1821–1886) and Alexander Francis Lydon (1836–1917)

</doc>
<doc id="19537092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537092" title="1962–63 DFB-Pokal">
1962–63 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal is the second-most important national title in German football. The DFB-Pokal 1963 was the 20th season of the competition. It began on 1 June 1963 and ended on 14 August 1963. 16 teams competed in the tournament of four rounds. In the final Hamburg defeated Borussia Dortmund 3–0.

</doc>
<doc id="19537120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537120" title="Olterterp">
Olterterp

Olterterp () is a village consisting of about 90 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19537125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537125" title="Nij Beets">
Nij Beets

Nij Beets (archaic ) is a village consisting of about 1690 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands.
History.
Nij Beets was founded in 1863 by peat workers. The peat workers came to Nij Beets around 1860 to excavate and make peat of the turf. The settlement was near to the old village Beets. The area was a major transit route to the former municipality Utingeradiel, de Zeveinsweg; north lay Ga Weg—now Prikkewei.
In 1831 a new road, the Nije Leppedyk—later the Domela Nieuwenhuiswei—between Zeveinsweg and Gean Wei was constructed. The fields ranged from 1863 to kick off. Twenty years later the landscape appeared as alternating strips of wasteland, hayfields and peat bog. It was mainly the de Prikkewei constructed, on the east side of the Skipsleat and north of the Nij Beetsterfeart. In the late 19th century the extraction of peat slowly continued.
Settlement.
In 1891 a wooden church was built. In 1908 a Dutch Reformed Church of stone was built near the Skipsleat. In 1917 a Reformed church on the Prikkewei followed. 
Twenty homes were built in 1921 on the Swynswei (the former Zeveinswei) and twelve more were built in 1938 and 1940 on a side path of the Domela Nieuwenhuiswei.
Geography.
Nij Beets was situated in a polder landscape. The Polderhoofdcanal runs through Nij Beets. As of 2011 it was made navigable. It runs from De Veenhoop off by Nij Beets to the Nije feart by De Uilesprong. The nature area "de Kraanlannen" is by de Feanhoop. Here are the remnants of the petgatten from the peat time. South of Nij Beets runs the "Boarn". This is a river previously released in the Middelzee. South of the river is natural area "De Deelen", that was also a peat source.
Nij Beets is centrally located in the area which borders the forest of Beetsterzwaag and the Frisian Lakes area.

</doc>
<doc id="19537127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537127" title="James Ben Ali Haggin">
James Ben Ali Haggin

James Ben Ali Haggin (December 9, 1822 - September 13, 1914) was a Turkish American
attorney, rancher, investor and a major owner/breeder in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing. Haggin made a fortune in the aftermath of the gold rush and was a multi-millionaire by 1880.
Life.
Haggin was born in Harrodsburg, Mercer County, Kentucky, a descendant of one of the state's pioneer families who had settled there in 1775 and a descendant of Ibrahim Ben Ali, who was an early American settler of Turkish origin. He graduated from Centre College at Danville, Kentucky then entered the practice of law.
On December 28, 1846, James Ben Ali Haggin married Eliza Jane Sanders of Natchez, Mississippi with whom he had five children. She died in 1893 and on December 30, 1897 the seventy-five-year-old Haggin married twenty-eight-year-old Margaret Pearl Voorhies at her stepfather's residence in Versailles, Kentucky. Miss Voorhies was a niece of his first wife.
In October 1850 he joined a recent acquaintance, Lloyd Tevis, in opening a law office in Sacramento. They moved to San Francisco in 1853. He built a large and impressive Nob Hill mansion on the east side of Taylor Street between Clay and Washington streets, which stood until the earthquake and fire of 1906. Haggin and Tevis married sisters, daughters of Colonel Lewis Sanders, a Kentuckian who had emigrated to California. Haggin and Tevis acquired the Rancho Del Paso land grant near Sacramento. The two invested in the mining business with George Hearst as one of their partners. Hearst, Haggin, Tevis and Co. became one of the largest mining companies in the United States; its operations included the Anaconda Copper Mine in Montana, the Ontario silver mine in Park City, Utah, and the Homestake Mine in South Dakota.
Thoroughbred racing.
James B. A. Haggin owned the Rancho Del Paso horse farm near Sacramento, California which he stopped using as a horse breeding farm in 1905 and concentrated his breeding efforts at Elmendorf Farm in Lexington, Kentucky. Haggin acquired Elmendorf in 1897 and until his death in 1914, he undertook to develop it into the largest horse breeding operation in the United States of its era.
He is the namesake of the Ben Ali Stakes.
Personal life.
Haggin was the eldest of eight children of Terah Temple and Adeline (Ben Ali) Haggin, the daughter of Ibrahim Ben Ali, a Turkish army officer. 
In 1846 Haggin married Eliza Jane Sanders; they had two sons and three daughters.
In 1897 Haggin married Margaret (“Pearl”) Voorhies of Versailles, Kentucky. 
Haggin died September 12, 1914, at his Newport, Rhode Island, residence and was buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19537146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537146" title="Mr Funtoosh">
Mr Funtoosh

Mr Funtoosh is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Raj Mukherjee, the movie featured Prasenjit, Rachana Banerjee, Seemran.
Plot.
Palash(Prasenjit), an engineer who returns to his bustee home and slum-mates, who lose no time in jumping and jiving with baltis and jharu to welcome their guru back. Schoolteacher Rachana Banerjee bursts on the scene as the right match for Palash. But just when the lovey-dovey couple begins cavorting around trees, the bad guys surface. A vile landshark (Hara Pattanaik) tricks Palash into a real-estate project, only to gun him down soon after.For those who love Prosenjit as a deadly combo of action hero and comic man, enter Mr Fantoosh in Jackie Chan mode, spinning karate chops and one-liners that go: “Aami maari ekdin, byatha thakey teensho poyshotti din!” Ha-ha and dhishum-dhishum go hand in hand for Mr Fantoosh of the spiky hair and body-hugging ganjees.Newcomers Malabika (as Prosenjit’s sister) and Angshuman (as the villain’s son)

</doc>
<doc id="19537164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537164" title="St Philip Howard Catholic School">
St Philip Howard Catholic School

St Philip Howard Catholic School is a Roman Catholic comprehensive school in Glossop in northern Derbyshire. It traditionally provides secondary education for Catholic school children in the Glossopdale and Longdendale valleys. However, the school attracts applications from a wide variety of backgrounds and primary schools in Glossop. The school has been established 52 years (as of 2013). The current headteacher is Wendy Steciuk, who has held the post since September 2003. The school attends a religious service at the nearby St Mary's Catholic Church at least once a term. The school welcomes applications from all students, but makes clear that Catholic children come first in the selection process. Traditionally, students come from Catholic primary schools around Glossop, Gamesley, Hadfield and Old Glossop. However, students sometimes join the school from other non-religious schools in Glossop, Tintwistle and the Longdendale and Tameside areas.
Curriculum.
Students enter the school in Year 7 with a wide variety of traditional subjects on offer. The emphasis is on English, Maths and Science. The school is a specialist sports college with English as the second specialist subject. The school offers three separate sciences at GCSE for those deemed capable.
As of September 2011 the school has also been trialling an 'Opening Minds' curriculum for its Year 7 intake. This is a competency and skills based curriculum that teaches students how to learn. Rather than 'isolated' learning in subjects, the nationwide scheme initially introduced by the former Labour Education Secretary Ed Balls in 2009, aims to get students to learn universal skills and get them to take more responsibility for their leaning, allegedly lacking in a lot of young people. For every new Year 7 this takes place three hours a week. The remainder of the time will be following the traditional curriculum.
At the end of Year 9 students choose three subjects to opt to do for GCSE whilst continuing with English, Maths and Science, Religious Education and Physical Education. All of the traditional subjects are on offer. Students can choose to do Physical Education at GCSE and will therefore increase their time in this subject. The school has introduced a broad range of vocational qualifications which allows students to attend a separate college one day a week to study extra courses. All students follow a course at either Citizenship or the 'Certificate of Personal Effectiveness' known as COPE.
Buildings.
The school has two main areas, known as "The Main Building" and "Campion House". The latter was named after the Catholic martyr Edmund Campion (1540-1581), who was executed in the reign of Elizabeth I. Three new classrooms have recently been built, added to the lower part of Campion House. There has recently been an extension to the main building, with a new staff-room and offices, to cope with the numbers of staff now working at the school.
Results.
GCSE Results August 2011
73% achieved 5 or more A* to C Results including Maths and English.
88% achieved 5 or more A* to C's. The results are above average compared to similar schools nationally, and have improved year on year. The results beat neighbouring Glossopdale Community College. However based on the new English Baccalaureate introduced by the Conservative Education Secretary Michael Gove in 2011, only 13% of students achieved 5 A*-C grades, although this is markedly better than a lot of schools in Derbyshire.
Reputation.
The school was given a 'Satisfactory' rating at the last Ofsted inspection in 2011. The school narrowly missed out on a 'Good' rating.Locally, the school has a very positive reputation with many past students feeling they got a good education here. However some feel that the choice of secondary education in Glossop is inadequate. Since the school is a Catholic school, some parents feel marginalised and the choice open to them is singularly the neighbouring Glossopdale Community College. That is why, of 2011, a local group of parents are currently planning a bid for Glossop's third secondary school known as a 'Free-School'. They have given it the name 'Partington Wood School' and is due to open, if bidding successful, in 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19537165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537165" title="Podkoren">
Podkoren

Podkoren () is a settlement in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The village church is dedicated to Saint Andrew and is of late Gothic origin as are many houses in the village, but was largely refurbished in the Baroque style.
Podkoren lies immediately below the Wurzen Pass mountain pass leading into Carinthia in Austria.
The British chemist Humphry Davy stayed there on a visit to the area.
The Zelenci nature reserve, at the source of the Sava River, is located just west of the village. The Sava Dolinka River flows east from here, to the south of Podkoren.

</doc>
<doc id="19537175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537175" title="Ensemble Renaissance">
Ensemble Renaissance

Renaissance Ensemble Serbia is the first early music ensemble in south-eastern Europe and Serbia, having been founded in 1968. Ensemble Renaissance usually focuses on the music of the Middle ages, Renaissance and Baroque. Occasionally, however, Ensemble performs modern music (like the Beatles) on ancient instruments.
History.
The Renaissance Ensemble from Belgrade began its life in the autumn of 1968, when they played early music scores on historical instruments that Dragan Mlađenovic-Shakespeare had brought from Prague and Vienna. The founders of the Ensemble, Miomir Ristić, Ljubomir Dimitrijević and Dragan Mlađenovic (supported by two ladies Dušica Obradović and Iskra Uzelac) gave their first concert on January 14, 1970 in the Gallery of Frescoes in Belgrade.
On November 4, 1971 in the hall of newly established Students Cultural Centre (SKC), the ensemble organized a concert of medieval and Renaissance court music. For the next ten years ensemble will attract numerous audience to the baroque hall of this institution, especially younger people.
The ensemble began its numerous and important tours outside Belgrade and Serbia in 1975, with visits to Zagreb, Zadar (“Musical Evenings in St. Donatus”) and Dubrovnik. Critics reviewed every performance of the ensemble.
By 1979 Renaissance had performed in all major cities of ex-Yugoslavia; the ensemble began its numerous tours abroad. That year they performed in Helsinki and in Provence. On 26 April 1979, on the occasion of its tenth anniversary, the ensemble organized a big concert at the Atrium of the National Museum in Belgrade. During their highly eventful international career, Renaissance organized concerts all over Europe, Middle East and North Africa.
In its forty-year-long history the Renaissance Ensemble gave more than 3,000 concerts all around Europe (6 in France, 7 in Spain, Portugal, Finland, 6 in Italy, Cyprus, Greece, 3 in Bulgaria, 4 in Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Russia, Hungary, Czech Republic, Sweden), Syria and Algeria).
Many splendid commentaries of music critics witness the artistic success of the Renaissance Ensemble.
Members.
The current line up of performers in Renaissance is Dragan Mlađenović, Georges Grujić and Ljubomir Dimitrijević on the woodwind instruments, Zoran Kostadinović on the vielle, Miomir Ristić and Srđan Stanić on the fiddle and the viol, Darko Karajić on the instruments from the family of lutes, Marcella Francesco-Lukić (mezzo-soprano), Predrag Đoković (countertenor), and Veljko Nikolić-Papa Nick on the percussion instruments.
Some of the previous members of the ensemble include Vojka Đorđević (soprano), Ljudmila Gross-Marić (soprano), Dragana Jugović del Monaco (mezzo-soprano), Mirjana Savić (soprano), Mila Vilotijević (soprano), Gordana Kostić (soprano), Iskra Uzelac-Manojlović (soprano), Dušica Obradović (soprano), Miroslav Marković (baritone), Dragoslav Aksentijević-Pavle (domestikos), Svetislav Madžarević (lutes), Slobodan Vujisić (Serbian and Renaissance lutes), Ljubica Grujić (spinet and organ), Tea Dimitrijević (spinet and organ), Danijela Dejanović (spinet and organ), Dragan Karolić (woodwinds), Marko Štegelman (bagpipes), Zoran Kočišević (double bass), Vladimir Ćirić (percussion instruments), Boris Bunjac (percussion instruments), Jovan Horvat (percussion instruments) and others.
Program.
Some of their concert programs include: the beginnings of European polyphony, the first preserved medieval ductia dances from the Reading Abbey, 13th Century French court dances - estampies, 12th and 13th century, songs from Carmina Burana, Cantigas de Santa Maria, the music of troubadours, trouveres and minnesang, Italian Trecento, the ballata of Francesco Landini, Jacopo da Bologna and others, in addition to the istampittas preserved in the manuscript kept under the number MS 29987 in the British Library. 
Renaissance programs also include works by 15th century Flemish masters, 16th century music from the epoch of Henry VIII of England and the Queen Elizabeth I of England, music from the plays by William Shakespeare and the most famous works by John Dowland, dances from the collections of Pierre Attaignant, Claude Gervaise, Tielman Susato and Michael Praetorius, madrigals by Claude le Jeune, 16th century carnival music of Venice and Florence, music of the Spanish Renaissance by Juan del Encina, and from the collection Cancionero de Palacio. 
The baroque era is represented through the works of Claudio Monteverdi, Heinrich Schütz, Antonio Caldara, George Frideric Handel, Alessandro Scarlatti, but also Johann Sebastian Bach, Henry Purcell, Marin Marais and other old masters.
Another important part in the research and presentation of early music involves traditional music of the Balkans, particularly that of old Serbia. These, in many ways specific programs, are performed on appropriate instruments built after the preserved instruments of particular regions. These programs include traditional music of Greece, Southern Balkans, and old Serbia, where a special emphasis is paid to the Serbo-Byzantine school, cycle of Kosovo songs, customs and ritual songs, dances from all parts of Serbia and one special rarity: songs from the Iviron monastery on Mount Athos. The programs “Journey of Marco Polo” and “Journey to Constantinople” feature traditional music of Middle East, Persia, Turkey, Armenia, as well as traditional music of the Far East, China, and Mongolia. The ensemble has paid special attention to the research and performance of the early music of Dalmatia.
Such a wide repertoire Ensemble Renaissance performs in the following programs: “The Hunter's Trumpet”, “Songs and Dances of 16th Century”, “Musical Feast”, “All Those Who Are in Love”, “All the Goods of this World”, “Rose of Roses”, “Who Will Give You More Light”, “With My Love”, “Oh, Beautiful Band”, “Who Wants to Learn Galliard” and “Those Crazy Middle Ages”.
Today.
The members of the ensemble continue with their work, especially on the education of the new performers; they are also founders of the ensemble "Flauto dolce" (also known as "Joculatores Slavensis"). The Early Music Ensemble "Flauto Dolce" was founded in 2005 at the initiative of Ljubomir Dimitrijević. The Ensemble gathered young musicians who, during their schooling, took up studies and interpretations of early music in the Middle Ages, Renaissance and Baroque. Most members of the Ensemble came from the Early Music Department of the Music School "Josip Slavenski" in Belgrade. Current members of the "Flauto dolce" include Jasmina Matijević (soprano), Marija Sabljić (mezzo-soprano), Aleksandar Jovan Krstić (woodwinds), Srđan Stanić (fiddle), Andrija Sagić (percussion instruments), Ana Mladenović (various woodwinds).
Ensemble released their debut album "A spark from the darkness" after the "Settembre Dantesco" festival in Ravenna. The album deals with music of the European Middle Ages.
Their new and current programs include: "A Spark From the Darkness", "Music of Leonardo Da Vinci's Time", "Court Music XIII - XIX", "Live Images from the Past", "Out of the Centuries of Thunderous Silence", "Nothing But Love", "Baroque Now and Then", "European Middle Ages and Music of old Serbia", "Flute Always and Everywhere", "French Music through the Centuries", "Music of Ancient Greece", "Stella Splendens - The Way of the Pilgrims".
Discography.
The albums discography of Serbian recording artist Ensemble Renaissance, consists of 15 studio albums, 5 independent releases and two guest albums.
Renaissance's music career began as a result of her popularity of their performances in Europe. They recorded their debut album "Music of the Old Serbia" with PGP RTB. The album was released in 1983 and was very successful. Their sophomore album, "Music of the Old Adriatic" was released in 1984 followed by their first official greatest hits compilation "Greatest hits 3". Two more albums were released in the 1980s, one dedicated exclusively to the Renaissance music "Mon amy in 1987 and "Hommage а l'amour in 1990. Two cassettes were also released in this period: "Vidovdan" and "Early Serbian Music".
Having completed contract with PGP, they signed to various European music labels. From 1992 they will release albums only in the format of audio CD. Their next album "Los primeros siete annos" from 1993 was a summery of the material recorded in their early years (1969-1983) and was released for Edi Vox in Barcelona. It was followed by "Renaissance en Barcelona" and "Gems of Medieval Music" (released for label Musica Viva, Athens), all from 1993.
Their most experimental album to date "Marco Polo – The Journey" was released in 1993 for German label Artelier Music. The album represented the musical traditions of Trecento Italy, Byzantine chant, Secular Byzantine music, Persian and Arabic dances, and Mongolian and Chinese ceremonial music from the time of Marco Polo. 
After great popularity of the album, Renaissance moved to Al Segno. CDs they released in this period represent the crown works of their career. In 1995, they released "Journey to Jerusalem" dedicated to the music of the Crusades (the year was also anniversary of the 900 years of Crusades). "Anthology" followed in 1997, their second official greatest hits album and a revision of their material from the 1980s, now on CD. However, it was the 1999 album "Journey through Dalmatia", that gave them widespread international recognition. The album became the highest seller of their career, and, in the words by Ensemble Renaissance, their greatest effort. In 2002, they released their 15th album "Roots of the Balkan", the definite collection of the Early Serbian music.
They resumed their career with newly established ensemble "Flauto Dolce" and 2008 independent release of the album "A spark from the Darkness".
There are also 5 independent releases:
and 2 CDs with Renaissance as a featured artist:

</doc>
<doc id="19537186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537186" title="Quadriga Consort">
Quadriga Consort

Quadriga Consort aka Quadriga Early Music Band is an early music ensemble from Austria. Founded in 2001 by harpsichordist Nikolaus Newerkla, the ensemble plays rearranged early British and Irish traditional music. 
Quadriga Consort has collaborated with South African-born jazz and pop singer Elisabeth Kaplan and has appeared at festivals in Austria, Europe and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19537200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537200" title="Franklin School">
Franklin School

Franklin School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19537202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537202" title="Twist (stage play)">
Twist (stage play)

Twist is a comedy stage thriller by Miles Tredinnick. Originally written in 1990, it was first produced in 1995 at the Pentameters Theatre in London under the title "Getting Away with Murder". "Twist" has a cast of three men and three women.
The play is a parody of the traditional theatrical thriller, in which nobody is what they seem and nothing is what it should be. David Woods is an accountant who sees a way of making a fortune by writing a kiss-and-tell biography about his famous actress wife Sarah. He then realises that his book will do even better if she is murdered first. 
A German version entitled "Der Letzte Dreh", translated by Ursula Grutzmacher-Tabori, is available and, in 2008, Matador Books published a UK acting edition. "Twist" was also published as a Kindle Edition in 2011. The play had its US debut in Taunton, Massachusetts in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19537206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537206" title="2006 Women's Baseball World Cup">
2006 Women's Baseball World Cup

The 2006 IBAF Women's Baseball World Cup was held from July 31 to August 6 in Taipei, Taiwan and won by the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19537214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537214" title="Anne Murray's Greatest Hits">
Anne Murray's Greatest Hits

"Anne Murray's Greatest Hits" is a compilation album by Anne Murray issued by Capitol Records in 1980. It is a collection of nine previously issued singles released between 1970 and 1980, as well as one new song, "Could I Have This Dance", which was newly recorded for this album (which simultaneously appeared on the soundtrack to the film " Urban Cowboy"). Though Murray's fourth compilation album," Greatest Hits" was the first include a chronology of her biggest charting singles, from her first top-ten single "Snowbird" through 1980. (Previous compilations had included some of Murray's chart hits along with album tracks and lesser known songs.) The album peaked at #16 on the Billboard 200, #2 on the Top Country Albums chart and is certified 4× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="19537218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537218" title="Belca">
Belca

Belca () is a settlement in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19537235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537235" title="OKA 4wd">
OKA 4wd

OKA Australia is an Australian company that manufactured all terrain vehicles, particularly four wheel drive trucks and tour buses. OKA is currently owned by the holding company is Reymer Pty Ltd. 
The OKA factory was in Bibra Lake, Western Australia. OKA manufactured three consecutive models: the XT, LT and NT. These models were available in a variety of body styles including cab-chassis, single cab, dual cab, multi cab and bus. While fewer than 500 OKA vehicles were built, elements of the company's designs and technology have been integrated into the vehicles of other manufacturers.
History.
OKA started in 1986 when a group of Australian mine executives discussed that each of them needed an off-road truck with a three ton payload and nothing on the market at the time filled those requirements. Those executives formed a consortium and the OKA brand was born.
Having agreed on the blueprints, the group undertook a comprehensive market study covering over 1,200 mining companies, government departments, farmers, the Australian military and potential private users to establish the parameters for the design.In 1987, work on the first prototype began and in 1988, it underwent its first test. Prototypes continued to be produced even during production up until 1992.
Soon after, the first production model, the XT, entered production. It was followed by the LT which was itself followed by the final model, the NT. These vehicles have been supplied to government departments, tour operators, private industries, mining industries, the military and recreational companies and are were, aside from Australia, sold in Papua New Guinea and Africa. The development of adapted models for the UAE and European markets was commenced but was never completed.
In 1997, OKA licensed its technologies to Indian auto maker Hindustan Motors to produce their RTV brand of multi-utility vehicles. It has been regarded as one of the most rollover prone vehicles and was discontinued in 2008. Initial models and prodotypes were built in Australia however production was soon moved to India.
On 24 August 2011, "The Malay Mail" carried an article regarding various investigations being carried out against OKA Australia, for 'allegations of misappropriation of millions of ringgit, missing accounting files and "stolen" intellectual property manuals.' Manuals valued at RM80 million had gone missing. They had contained trade information for the manufacture of all-terrain trucks and tour buses. Funds of the company had also been mysteriously siphoned out of Australia to a private account in Europe. There was also allegations of unpaid wages. Vell Paari, who controled OKA 4WD through Reymer Pty Ltd, denied responsibility for the matters raised, saying that he spent most of his time in Kuala Lumpur. Vell Paari is the son of Malaysia's former Minister of Works Samy Vellu.

</doc>
<doc id="19537236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537236" title="Franklin School (Schenectady, New York)">
Franklin School (Schenectady, New York)

Franklin School is a historic school located at Schenectady in Schenectady County, New York. It was built in 1907 and is a two story, red brick "H" shaped institutional building in the Georgian Revival style. It is trimmed with yellow brick and stone. There are massive yellow brick pilasters at the corner of the pavilions and recessed rectangular panels. It operated as a school by the Schenectady City School District until 1974. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19537238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537238" title="Rolf Schübel">
Rolf Schübel

Rolf Schübel (born 11 November 1942 in Stuttgart, Germany) is a German film director and screenwriter.
Schübel studied literature and sociology during the 1960s, first in Tübingen, and later in Hamburg. There he met filmmaker Theo Gallehr and assisted at his documentary "Landfriedensbruch" (1967). However, the film was not shown in television but went directly to the film archives; the NDR (North German Broadcasting Studios) as employer refused to broadcast the film because it’s statement was viewed as to radical.
Nevertheless, Gallehr and Schübel produced a number of films for the NDR and WDR afterwards. For their documentary "Der deutsche Kleinstädter" (1968) they received the Adolf Grimme Award, as well as for "Rote Fahnen sieht man besser" (1971) concerning the closure of a chemical plant in Krefeld.
In 1972 Schübel founded his own production company. In the following years he created the film portraits "Nachruf auf eine Bestie" (1983) concerning the child murderer Jürgen Bartsch and "Der Indianer" (1987) about a man with laryngeal cancer. The film was based on the autobiographical tale of Leonhard Lenz. Both films received various awards.
His first feature film directed Schübel in 1990 with "Das Heimweh des Walerjan Wróbel". The film tells the story of a Polish teenager under the regime of forced labor in Germany during World War II in northern Germany and who was later was sentenced to death by the Nazi regime for a minor misdemeanor.
Schübel's international breakthrough came with the 1999 film "Ein Lied von Liebe und Tod" ("Gloomy Sunday — A Song of Love and Death"; it is set in Budapest of the 1930s and tells the story of a woman (Erika Marozsán) between three men (Joachim Król, Ben Becker and Stefano Dionisi). Background is the popular title melody, which was kind of an anthem for suicides during its time. The film won various awards among others the Deutscher Filmpreis, the Bayerischer Filmpreis (Best Feature Film), an honorable mention from the international 2000 Jerusalem Film Festival, the 2000 Audience Award at the São Paulo International Film Festival, and the Audience Choice Award at the St. Louis International Film Festival.
In 2001 he wrote and directed the psychodrama "Collapse" with Sebastian Koch as a journalist who questioned his job critically. In 2002 he directed the drama "Blueprint" with Franka Potente. In 2004 he made the drama "Zeit der Wünsche". In 2006 and 2007 he made episodes for "Tatort".

</doc>
<doc id="19537243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537243" title="Rondell">
Rondell

Rondell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19537247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537247" title="Jenkins House">
Jenkins House

Jenkins House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19537259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537259" title="Jenkins House (Delanson, New York)">
Jenkins House (Delanson, New York)

Jenkins House, also known as The Grey Barn, is a house in Delanson, New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The house was originally constructed in 1876 for the station master of Delaware and Hudson Railroad. From the 1950s through 1968, the house was occupied by the Edwards family. In 1968, the home was purchased by Annette and David Brown. The Brown children, Carolyn and David, resided in the home until David moved in 1970 and Carolyn went to college in 1972. The Browns resided in the home until the early 1980s. The house was partially destroyed by fire in 1971. The electrical fire started in a barn behind the home. The barn, home of The Grey Barn Antiques, was demolished as was the back portion of the home. The house was rebuilt under supervision of the Browns and renovations were complete in 1972. Also constructed was a new antique shop behind the home.
The property was covered in a 1984 study of Duanesburg historical resources.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19537260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537260" title="Sasho Pargov">
Sasho Pargov

Sasho Pargov () (born 25 June 1946 in Boboshevo) is a retired Bulgarian football player. Pargov was a central forward.
He played with Marek Dupnitsa and earned 382 caps and scored 167 goals. He also played in Marek's UEFA Cup Winners' Cup tie against Alex Ferguson's Aberdeen in 1978.
Pargov's son, Ivo, is a former footballer who also played for Marek during his career.
Awards.
- for 1968 with 21 goals - for 1973 with 27 goals

</doc>
<doc id="19537269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537269" title="Nikolaus Newerkla">
Nikolaus Newerkla

Nikolaus Philipp Newerkla (born 1974 in Horn, Austria) is a harpsichordist, arranger and conductor. 
He began his musical career by studying piano at the University of Music in Graz under Eike Straub. Inspired by his long-standing teacher, the organist and improviser Kurt Neuhauser, he soon discovered his passion for historical keyboards and in particular the harpsichord.
As harpsichord player, arranger and conductor of the award-winning ensemble Quadriga Consort Nikolaus Newerkla has performed extensively throughout Europe and the United States with concerts at major music festivals. Lately the group has specialised on programmes with arrangements of ancient popular music from the British Isles. Newerkla is also engaged in arranging and composing (he received a two-year Kiwanis scholarship). He teaches at the University of Music in Graz, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19537271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537271" title="Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 1500 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 1500 metre freestyle

The men's 1500 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fifth appearance of the event, which was established in 1908. The competition was held from Saturday August 4, 1928 to Monday August 6, 1928.
Nineteen swimmers from 13 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In the final Arne Borg bettered the Olympic record to 19:51.8 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Saturday August 4, 1928: The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Semifinals.
Sunday August 5, 1928: The fastest three in each semi-final advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Monday August 6, 1928:

</doc>
<doc id="19537274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537274" title="Jenkins House (Bastrop, Texas)">
Jenkins House (Bastrop, Texas)

The Jenkins House is a historic home in Bastrop, Texas. It was built about 1836 for Sarah Jenkins. Her first husband was killed by Indians. Her second killed at the Battle of the Alamo. The Jenkins House started as a single-room log cabin and then was enlarged to a two-room log cabin with a "dog-trot" between rooms. A kitchen and dining "ell" was added in subsequent years, and finally, the dog-trot opening was enclosed as a hall, the house sided with clapboard, and a porch running the length of the building added to create its present Victorian appearance. The house was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1964. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 22, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19537282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537282" title="Seán Casey">
Seán Casey

Seán Casey (9 May 1922 – 29 April 1967) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork Borough constituency at the 1954 general election. He was re-elected at the 1957, 1961 and 1965 general elections. He died in April 1967 during the term of the 18th Dáil and the subsequent by-election held on 9 November 1967 was won by Seán French of Fianna Fáil.
He served as Lord Mayor of Cork on 3 separate occasions: in 1956, 1962 and 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19537323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537323" title="Cliffside">
Cliffside

Cliffside can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19537331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537331" title="Gladys Hanson">
Gladys Hanson

Gladys Hanson (1884–1973) was a stage and silent film actress. Hanson began her career on the Broadway stage in 1907 with the Charles Frohman Company. On the stage she played in the theatrical productions "Our American Cousin" (1908) with Edward Hugh Sothern, "The Builder of Bridge" (1909) with later film star Eugene O'Brien and "The Governor's Lady" (1912) with Emma Dunn and future film leading man Milton Sills.
In 1914 she began working in film for Famous Players and later worked for Universal and Essanay. Her last film appearance was "Walls Tell Tales" 1928.
She married Charles Emerson Cook but they later divorced. They had one child, Gladys-Irene Cook.

</doc>
<doc id="19537335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537335" title="Certified Acceptance Corporation">
Certified Acceptance Corporation

Certified Acceptance Corporation (CAC) is a coin grade verification service. It was founded in 2007 to examine and evaluate coins that have been previously certified by Numismatic Guaranty Corporation (NGC) or Professional Coin Grading Service (PCGS). CAC examines a coin to determine whether, in its opinion, the coin is correctly, over-, or under-graded. Coins that are correctly graded will have a green tamper-evident holographic sticker affixed to their holders. In the unusual event that a coin is found to be under-graded, a gold sticker is affixed instead. Coins that are thought to "just make the grade" or appear over-graded receive no sticker at all.
CAC's founder, John Albanese, was an original co-founder of PCGS and later founded NGC, which revolutionized coin grading nearly 30 years ago. Grading standards have, however, changed over the years. Because collectors and dealers have gotten more selective, an informal "sub-grade" system evolved. "A" coins the best, "B" coins are "solid" examples of a grade, and "C" coins are of lesser quality. CAC stickers attempt to standardize this system. Generally, "A" and "B" coins will be stickered by CAC, and "C" coins will not.
As a result, CAC-stickered coins fetch premiums in the coin market, including internet auctions conducted on eBay, and traditional floor auctions held by Heritage Auctions and Stack's Bowers Galleries. CAC has become an important force in the coin industry as its stickered coins are sought after by collectors looking for high quality. According to coin expert Scott Travers:
Making a Market In Coins.
Since its inception in late 2007, CAC has processed more than 350,000 coin submissions with a declared insurance value totaling more than $1.75 billion. It also has purchased more than $250 million worth of coins, according to data on its website.
In 2011, CAC and a group of coin dealers founded Coinplex, an online coin trading platform for professional dealers, in order to broaden the trading market for CAC-approved coins. Dealers are also able to make markets in non-CAC-verified certified coins. As of 2012, Coinplex has 156 member dealers posting more than 56,000 bids, valued at $538 million.
Population Report.
CAC maintains a database of all coins that it has verified, containing specific data ranging from dates and mint marks to other feature designations. Access to this information is made available without charge in the "population reports" on CAC’s website, and serves as an important resource to help coin collectors assess the rarity of their coins. Unlike the populations reported by coin-grading services, the CAC data is not inflated by multiple submissions since CAC does not grade the actual coin, but verifies the coin’s grade.

</doc>
<doc id="19537336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537336" title="1930 FIFA World Cup Final">
1930 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1930 FIFA World Cup Final was contested by the finalists from the 1928 Olympics, Uruguay and Argentina.
The final was played at the Estadio Centenario on July 30. The stadium gates were opened at eight o'clock, six hours before kick-off, and at noon the ground was full, officially holding 93,000 people. A disagreement overshadowed the build-up to the match as the teams disagreed on who should provide the match ball, forcing FIFA to intervene and decree that the Argentine team would provide the ball for the first half and the Uruguayans would provide their own for the second. The game ended 4–2 to Uruguay (who had trailed 2–1 at half time) who added the title World Cup winners to the mantle of Olympic Champions, as Jules Rimet, president of FIFA, presented the World Cup Trophy, which was later named after him. The following day was declared a national holiday in Uruguay; in the Argentinian capital Buenos Aires a mob threw stones at the Uruguayan consulate.
The last living player from that final, Francisco Varallo (who played as a striker for Argentina), died on 30 August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19537348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537348" title="Cliffside (Palisades, New York)">
Cliffside (Palisades, New York)

Cliffside, also known as H. E. Lawrence Estate, is a building in Palisades, New York. It was designed by J. Cleveland Cady and was built in 1876. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19537349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537349" title="James Humphreys (printer)">
James Humphreys (printer)

James Humphreys (January 15, 1748 – February 2, 1810) was a printer, publisher, merchant and politician in Nova Scotia and Pennsylvania. He represented Shelburne County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1793 to 1796.
He was born in Philadelphia, the son of James Humphreys and Susanna Assheton. He studied medicine at the College of Philadelphia but left without completing his degree. Humphreys then apprenticed as a printer with William Bradford and established his own business in 1772, printing books and a number of pamphlets. In 1775, he began publishing the "Pennsylvania Ledger: or the Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, & New Jersey Weekly Advertiser", a newspaper loyal to the British cause. In 1776, he fled the city but returned in 1777 when the British regained control of Philadelphia. He went to New York City in 1778 when the British left the city and by 1785 had moved to Shelburne, Nova Scotia where he established the "Nova-Scotia Packet: and General Advertiser". He also operated as a merchant and was a justice of the peace. Humphreys married Mary Yorke. By 1797, he had returned to Philadelphia and, after failing to establish another newspaper there, resumed book printing in partnership with some of his sons and daughters. Humphreys published an 1802 edition of "Lyrical Ballads" by William Wordsworth and Samuel Taylor Coleridge. He died in Philadelphia and was buried in the cemetery of Christ Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19537357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537357" title="Ibrahim Ben Ali">
Ibrahim Ben Ali

Ibrahim Ben Ali was a soldier, physician and one of the earliest American settlers of Turkish origin.
Youth and antecedents.
Ibrahim Ben Ali was born in 1756 near Istanbul. His father, Ali Ben Mustafa, was a man of wealth and prominence and his estate, situated about six miles from that city, was valued at thirty thousand machbeu, equivalent to about fifty thousand dollars. He was a zealous Muslim and lost no opportunity to instill in his son a feeling of devout worship of Allah. His mother was born on the island of Zante and was a Christian. She was stolen by Venetians, who sold her in Aleppo, Syria, to Ali Ben Mustapha.
When he was eleven years of age Ibrahim was circumcised and at thirteen he married his first wife, Halima, then twelve, making his first pilgrimage to Mecca soon after that event. The next year he married a second wife, Fatima, a name that has survived in his descendants the James Ben Ali Haggin family, and later in the same year chose a third, Ayesha.
Early career and conversion.
Through the influence of his father he secured an appointment as captain in the Janissaries, a royal corps in the Sultan's army, and usually designated as the bodyguard. (Later, after five centuries of existence, this military organization fell into disrepute and was exterminated by royal decree.) After five years' service he reached the turning point in his life, undergoing a remarkable experience. Two companions, who slept next to him in the barracks, were murdered and suspicion at once pointed to Ibrahim, who was last seen with them. He protested his innocence and through the intercession of friends secured a reprieve of five days in which to establish proof of his assertion. On the fifth day a dish of black olives was sent to him, signifying that he must die on the sixth. In the prison was an old Spanish slave who advised him to put no trust in Mohammed. Sitting down by his side, the Spaniard taught him to repeat the following words: "Turn Christian and recommend your soul to God through Jesus Christ, and He will save you unto life eternal." This he did at intervals during the long night and on the morning of the day set for his execution the jailer came to announce his pardon, saying that two soldiers had confessed to the crime, for which they would immediately pay the penalty.
Russo Turkish War and Europe.
About the time of his release Turkey became involved in war with Russia and Ibrahim was forced to join the campaign. He participated in many battles and received several wounds. He was taken prisoner in the province of Wallachia, Romania on the banks of the Danube, and conveyed to Arzeniceur, about five miles from St. Petersburg, Russia where he spent two years, securing his liberty through the efforts of an influential lady whose sight had been restored by his treatment. His enemies accused him of having betrayed the Greek troops into the hands of the Russians and he was warned by his brother not to return to his home. He went to Denmark and at Copenhagen secured passage on a boat bound for England. He landed at Liverpool, England and then journeyed to Dublin, Ireland, where he met Dr. Adam Clarke, the great Biblical commentator, by whom he was baptized. Ibrahim became strongly attached to the Doctor and his family, accompanying them on their return to Liverpool, where he spent two years, and also went with them to Manchester, England. He lived for several years in that city and then sailed for America.
United States.
After his arrival he met and married a woman of the Baptist faith and established his home in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he engaged in the practice of medicine. He afterward moved to Baltimore, Maryland, and died in that city during an epidemic of yellow fever. He was the grandfather of James Ben Ali Haggin through his daughter Adeline, and considered a pioneer member of America's Turkish and Greek communities.

</doc>
<doc id="19537369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537369" title="Nikolay Petrovich Fyodorov">
Nikolay Petrovich Fyodorov

Nikolay Petrovich Fyodorov (April 7, 1914 - November 5, 1994) was a Soviet-Russian animator, director, writer and cartoonist working for Soyuzmultfilm from the 1930s to the 1980s and director of a number of films in the 1950s and 1960s. He was co-director of the famous 1957 animated feature "The Snow Queen".

</doc>
<doc id="19537374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537374" title="Bogle (surname)">
Bogle (surname)

Bogle is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19537383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537383" title="Østernvann">
Østernvann

Østernvann is a lake north of Fossum in the municipality of Bærum in Akershus county, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19537413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537413" title="Lymphoma Association">
Lymphoma Association

Founded by patients in 1986, the Lymphoma Association is a charitable organisation based in the United Kingdom that offers medical information and emotional support to lymphatic cancer patients, their families, friends and carers.
The charity operates a "freephone helpline" which offers support and information.

</doc>
<doc id="19537443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537443" title="Dieckmann">
Dieckmann

Dieckmann is a surname, and may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19537458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537458" title="Dimitar Isakov">
Dimitar Isakov

Dimitar Isakov () (born 25 June 1924 in Dupnitsa) is a retired Bulgarian football player. Isakov was a central forward.
During his career, he played for PFC Marek Dupnitsa and PFC Slavia Sofia. He was the Bulgarian League's top goalscorer during the 1951–52 season, scoring 10 goals for Slavia. Isakov have 6 matches and 1 goal for Bulgaria national football team.
Awards.
- for 1952 with 10 goals "(with Slavia Sofia)"

</doc>
<doc id="19537461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537461" title="Redux Riding Hood">
Redux Riding Hood

Redux Riding Hood is an animated short film directed by Steve Moore and produced by Disney in 1997 that received an Oscar nomination for Best Animated Short Film.
The film was produced with cel animation and 2-D collage elements, a look developed by production designer John Kleber. From a set of four short/featurettes planned by Disney and MovieToons (to be titled ""Totally Twisted Fairy Tales""), which was also to include "Jack in the Beanstalk," "The Three Little Pigs" and a fourth cartoon that was never finalized. The idea was to make a more adult short by combining Disney artists and high-quality writers and their takes on classic fairy tales; however, only Redux Riding Hood was released, in animation festival showings.

</doc>
<doc id="19537469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537469" title="Saxon XVIII H">
Saxon XVIII H

The Saxon Class XVIII formula_1 was a German six-coupled tender locomotive built for the Royal Saxon State Railways ("Königlich Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen") in 1917/18 for express train services. The Deutsche Reichsbahn grouped them in 1925 into DRG Class 18.0.
History.
After a number of four-cylinder compounds had been taken into service in Saxony, the Saxon XVIII H appeared with a three-cylinder engine based on a Prussian prototype. In 1917 and 1918 the Sächsische Maschinenfabrik in Chemnitz built ten examples of this class. 
The newly formed Deutsche Reichsbahn took all 10 locomotives in 1925 over and gave them the numbers 18 001–010.
Locomotive 18 002 was destroyed in the Second World War; the remaining engines went into the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany after the war had ended. They were station at Dresden-Altstadt locomotive depot and were later retired between 1963 and 1965.
Design features.
To begin with the Class XIII H had a boiler with a firebox located above the frame. This was made from three boiler rings, the third one being slightly conical in shape. The boiler feedwater was supplied through two steam injectors and a Knorr feedwater pump with preheater. The second injector was later omitted.
The steam engine was configured as a three-cylinder system with simple steam expansion. Two cylinders were located in the usual horizontal position on the outside, the third cylinder was built between the frame sides at an angle. All three cylinders drove the second coupled axle. The gearing of the inside cylinder was operated from the Heusinger valve gear of the outside cylinders via levers and intermediate shafts.
The three coupled axles were fixed in the frame. The leading bogie had a side play of 38 mm, the trailing Adams axle could swing 60 mm to the side.
The locomotive brake was a Westinghouse compressed-air brake. Braking worked on one side of all the carrying and coupled wheels. Some of the locomotives were later equipped with Indusi train protection.
The locomotives were coupled to Saxon sä 2'2' T 31 tenders.
Service.
Because the trains on the Central Mountain routes were largely hauled by the powerful successor class, the Saxon XX HV (DRG Class 19.0), the Saxon XVIII Hs were mainly deployed on less hilly lines of Dresden–Leipzig and Dresden–Berlin. After the Second World War the nine remaining engines were concentrated in Dresden and were mostly used to haul express services to Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19537480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537480" title="Christian Albrecht Jakhelln">
Christian Albrecht Jakhelln

Christian Albrecht Jakhelln (31 December 1863 - 7 May 1945) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from the constituency Market towns of Nordland, Troms and Finnmark during the term 1922–1924. In 1923 he took a regular seat, replacing Karl Marenius Ivarsson who had died in late 1922.
On the local level he was a member of Bodø city council from 1895 to 1931, serving as mayor in the periods 1898-1901, 1907-1907, 1910–1913, 1916–1917 and 1919-1922. He was also deputy mayor for seven years, although the exact years are unknown.
Born in Bodø as the son of merchant Carl Johan Jakhelln (1827–1902) and his wife Anne Elise Nørregaard (1837–1913), he mainly worked in his father's company "Christian Jakhelln", taking co-ownership in 1895. The company was named after Christian Albrecht Jackhelln, who was the grandfather of Christian Albrecht the younger. From 1896 to 1917 Christian Albrecht Jakhelln was the vice consul for the Russian Empire.
He died one day before the liberation of Norway from German occupation.

</doc>
<doc id="19537483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537483" title="Gozd Martuljek">
Gozd Martuljek

Gozd Martuljek (; literally, 'Martuljek Forest') is a settlement in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The settlement was once called Rute and even today divided into Spodnje Rute (literally, 'lower Rute', located downstream on the Sava Dolinka River) and Zgornje Rute (literally, 'Upper Rute', located upstream on the Sava Dolinka).
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gozd" to "Gozd Martuljek" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19537486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537486" title="Allanson, Western Australia">
Allanson, Western Australia

Allanson is a small town in Western Australia located in the South West Region just west of Collie on the Coalfields Road and on the shoreline of the Collie River.
Land was originally set aside for coal miners so that they could live close to the mines in 1898. A railway station named West Collie opened in the same year. The original townsite, also called West Collie, was gazetted in 1906. The original townsite was later discovered to be placed over commercial viable coal seams so a new townsite was founded in 1911 located a short distance from the original.
The new town was gazetted in 1912 and changed its name in 1916 to Allanson. The town was named after Collie MLA Arthur Allan Wilson, who was in office from 1908 to 1947.
Allanson restored its original bush school in 2002 after it operated in the town from 1911 to 1989 before being closed. A book "Our Little Bush School" has been written about people's memories of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="19537510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537510" title="Hartley Vale, New South Wales">
Hartley Vale, New South Wales

Hartley Vale is a small village in the Blue Mountains area of New South Wales, Australia. It is approximately 150 kilometres west of Sydney and 12 kilometres south-east of Lithgow. It is in the local government area of the City of Lithgow.
Description.
Hartley Vale is centred on Hartley Vale Road, which stretches from the Governors Causeway to the Great Western Highway. The area is largely open countryside with many substantial private properties, bounded by the River Lett to the north and Mount York to the south. The village is approximately five kilometres west of the Main Western Railway—which runs from Sydney to Lithgow and beyond—and ten kilometres from the nearest railway station at Bell.
History.
The valley is an historic area where the early roads over the Blue Mountains came down into the plains found to the west of the mountains. The first road through the mountains was built by William Cox from 1814-1815. Parts of his original road can still be seen at Mount York, immediately south of Hartley Vale, and have been incorporated into a walking track. 
A kilometre east of Coxs Road is Lockyers Road, which was started in 1828 by Major Lockyer as an alternative crossing to Coxs Road, but was never finished. It goes down into the valley and finishes slightly west of the Hartley Vale village. Another kilometre east is Lawsons Long Alley, which was started as an alternative road by William Lawson, with the aim of avoiding the steep grades of Coxs Road at Mount York. While building the road, Lawson discovered what he thought was coal, but which was in fact oil shale. Mining began in the 1860s and a rail line was constructed into the valley of Kerosene Creek. The incline was designed by Norman Selfe who would also design what is now the Katoomba Scenic Railway. Hartley Vale Station was created on the Main Western Line, but later was abandoned, as was oil shale mining. 
Lawsons Long Alley goes through the valley of Kerosene Creek and joins Waltons Road, which goes to Hartley Vale Road on the east side of the village. Lawsons Long Alley and Lockyers Road, along with Coxs Road, were developed as walking tracks by the Department of Lands, New South Wales. They all lead to the Hartley Vale area, culminating at a picnic area just west of the village.
Other notable landmarks in the area are the Comet Inn, which dates back to 1879 and is located in the centre of the village, and Collits Inn, which dates back to 1823 and is approximately one and a half kilometres west of the village. The Hartley Vale Cemetery is just a small distance south-west of Collits Inn.
The Hartley Vale area also includes a range of other tourist facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19537511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537511" title="Viridis Visconti">
Viridis Visconti

Viridis Visconti (1352–1414) was an Italian noblewoman, a daughter of Bernabò Visconti and his wife Beatrice Regina della Scala. By her marriage to Leopold III, Duke of Austria, Viridis was Duchess consort of Austria, Styria and Carinthia, she was also Countess consort of Tyrol.
Family.
Viridis was born in Milan, Italy and was the second of seventeen children.
Her sister, Taddea Visconti married Stephen III, Duke of Bavaria and was mother of Isabeau of Bavaria, wife of Charles VI of France. Viridis and the rest of her sisters secured politically advantageous marriages.
Her maternal grandparents were Mastino II della Scala and his wife Taddea da Carrara. Her paternal grandparents were Stefano Visconti and his wife Valentina Doria.
Viridis' father, Bernabò was described as a cruel and ruthless despot. He was also an implacable enemy of the Church. He seized the papal city of Bologna, rejected the Pope and his authority, confiscated ecclesiastical property, and forbade any of his subjects to have any dealings with the Curia. He was excommunicated as a heretic in 1363 by Pope Urban V, who preached crusade against him. When Bernabò was in one of his frequent rages, only the children's mother, Beatrice Regina was able to approach him.
Marriage.
Viridis married Leopold III, Duke of Austria, son of Albert II, Duke of Austria and his wife Johanna of Pfirt. The couple had six children:
Viridis was widowed in 1386 and so their eldest son, William became Duke of Austria.
William was engaged to Jadwiga of Hungary, youngest daughter of the neighboring king, was one of the first attempts of the House of Habsburg to extend their sphere of influence in Eastern Central Europe by marrying heiresses, a practice that gave rise to the phrase "Bella gerant alii: tu felix Austria nube" (Let others make war: thou happy Austria, marry). The wedding was broken off.
Viridis died in 1 March 1414 and out-lived at least three of six children, since her younger daughter, Katherine's date of death is unknown. Viridis is buried in Sittich in Lower Carniola

</doc>
<doc id="19537513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537513" title="Abdou Traoré (footballer born 1981)">
Abdou Traoré (footballer born 1981)

Abdou Traoré (born 5 August 1981) is a Malian football player, who currently plays for USFAS Bamako.
International career.
He was part of the Malian U-20 team at 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship, finishing top of group D, but losing to Spain the Champion in the semi-final, but won Uruguay in third place match.
He was part of the Malian football team at the 2004 Summer Olympics, who exited in the quarter finals, finishing top of group A, but losing to Italy in the next round.

</doc>
<doc id="19537517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537517" title="Drinkstone windmills">
Drinkstone windmills

Drinkstone Windmills are a pair of windmills at Drinkstone, Suffolk, England. They consist a post mill and a smock mill. The post mill is Grade I listed and the smock mill is Grade II listed. The mills were known as Clover’s Mills as they were always worked by the Clover family.
Post mill.
Drinkstone Post Mill was built as an open trestle post mill. A brick and flint roundhouse was added in 1830. The mill was originally powered by Common sails. Spring sails were fitted during the nineteenth century and the mill was finally worked with one pair of spring and one pair of common sails. The mill has a wooden windshaft with a cast iron poll end, which was fitted by the millwright C Sillitoe of Long Melford. In the 1920s, an air brake was fitted to the sails, but the scheme was not successful and was abandoned Winding was by tailpole until the 1940s, when the fantail carriage from Barley Green Mill, Stradbroke was fitted. This was worked by a winch to start with and the fantail from Thurston Mill was fitted during World War Two. The fantail from Woolpit Mill was fitted in 1963.
The frame of the mill shows its age, there being no side girts. The body has been extended in the breast and tail, and the mill may have been reconstructed so that the original breast of the mill is now the tail. The mill has two pairs of millstones. The structure is currently on the Heritage at Risk Register.
Post mill history.
Drinkstone Post Mill was built in 1689, making it the oldest windmill in Suffolk. Samuel Clover was given the post mill, horse mill and mill house by his father (Samuel Sr) in 1775. The mill passed to his son (Samuel Jr, b1752) and thence through a succession of Clovers’ to Wilfred, who took the mill on the death of his father Daniel in 1947. On 28 February 1949 the mill was tailwinded, damaging the sails and fantail. The mill became derelict until Mr Clover restored it in 1962 and put her back to work
Smock mill.
Drinkstone Smock Mill was built in 1780 on a horse mill which had been in existence in 1689. The mill is a two-storey smock mill on a single-storey base, which originally housed a horse mill. The mill has a pepperpot cap which was originally winded by a chain and wheel, a fantail being added towards the end of her working life. The mill was last worked with a pair of Common sails and a pair of Spring sails. The windshaft was a wooden one. The millstones were supported on a hurst frame, an arrangement usually found in a watermill.
Millers.
Reference for above:-
Culture and media.
"Drinkstone post mill" was featured in the Dad's Army episode "Don't Forget the Diver" in which Lance Corporal Jones went round on the sails of the mill and was thrown off into a pond.

</doc>
<doc id="19537522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537522" title="Abdou Traoré (footballer born 1988)">
Abdou Traoré (footballer born 1988)

Abdoulaye Traoré (born 17 January 1988 in Bamako) is a Malian football player who currently plays for French club FC Girondins de Bordeaux in Ligue 1.
Career.
Traoré began his career with Cercle Olympique de Bamako, where he played his first professional season in the Malien Premiere Division. After one year in the Malien Premiere Division he was in signed by FC Girondins de Bordeaux in July 2006. He played 43 games over two years for Bordeaux's reserve team, scoring three goals, before being promoted to the Ligue 1 team in July 2008.
International career.
Traoré is former member of Mali youth teams and played his first Les Aigles game on 11 February 2009 against Angola national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19537524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537524" title="Alexander Howe">
Alexander Howe

Alexander Howe (December 19, 1749 – January 9, 1813) was a soldier, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. He represented Annapolis County and then Granville township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1785 to 1799.
He was born in Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia, the son of Edward How and Marie-Madeleine Winniett. Howe served as a lieutenant with the British army in Jamaica, England and Ireland. He married Helen McKellar Bontein in 1778. In 1783, he returned to Granville, Nova Scotia and began farming. He was first declared elected to the provincial assembly after appealing two consecutive elections. Howe also served as justice of the peace and judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas for Annapolis County. He was named captain in the Royal Nova Scotia Regiment and also was superintendent of Jamaican maroons. After he was replaced in that post, he moved to Prince Edward Island in 1802 where he served as assistant commissary and storekeeper. Howe also served on the colony's Council and was a justice of the peace there. In 1803, he married Margaret Ann Green, the granddaughter of Benjamin Green. After two of his sons died accidentally and he suffered financial losses, Howe returned to Nova Scotia where he died in Dartmouth at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="19537526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537526" title="Hermann Haupt">
Hermann Haupt

Hermann Haupt (24 January 1873, Langensalza, Unstrut-Hainich, Thuringia – 2 June 1959, Halle, Saxony-Anhalt) was a German entomologist who worked mainly on Homoptera and Hymenoptera. 
He was an intermediate school (Mittelschule) teacher. He described many new species. Haupt’s Hymenoptera and Homoptera collections are conserved in the University of Halle-Wittenberg (Geiseltalmuseum Halle) and Biozentum), Staatliches Museum für Tierkunde Dresden (Cicadoidea) and Naturkundemuseum Erfurt (other Orders). 

</doc>
<doc id="19537528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537528" title="Theodor Nilsen Stousland">
Theodor Nilsen Stousland

Theodor Nilsen Stousland (16 March 1842 - 7 April 1910) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from the constituency Lister og Mandal amt in 1889, representing the Moderate Liberal Party. He then joined the Liberal Party and was re-elected three times, before serving as a deputy representative during the term 1900–1903. He then returned, being re-elected three more times.
Born in Søgne, he was a member of Søgne municipal council from 1874 to 1893, serving as mayor from 1880 to 1885.
He mainly worked as a farmer, but was also treasurer in the local bank from 1875 to 1893, county auditor from 1882 to 1886 and bailiff from 1893 to 1899. Towards the end of his career he worked at the Office of the Auditor General of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19537530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537530" title="53 (Welsh) Signal Squadron">
53 (Welsh) Signal Squadron

53 (Wales & Western) Signal Squadron is Territorial Army squadron in the Royal Corps of Signals in the British Army. The regiment forms part of 37 Signal Regiment, itself part of 2 Signal Group within 11 Signal Brigade, providing military communications for UK-national operations as well as individual augmentees for enduring overseas operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19537538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537538" title="Georgi Sapinev">
Georgi Sapinev

Georgi Sapinev () (born 15 March 1943 in Dupnitsa) is a retired Bulgarian football player. Sapinev was an offensive midfielder.
He played for Marek Dupnitsa between 1961 and 1972 and earned 232 caps and scored 47 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19537565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537565" title="Thore Torkildsen Foss">
Thore Torkildsen Foss

Thore Torkildsen Foss (10 September 1841 - 8 February 1913) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from the constituency Lister og Mandal amt in 1889, and was re-elected on seven consecutive occasions. He died shortly after his last re-election, and was replaced by Andreas Kaddeland.
Born in Bjelland, he was a member of Bjelland municipal council from 1873 to 1901, serving as mayor for twenty-three years. The exact years are unknown. From 1885 to 1896 he was a member of the county committee, a forerunner of the county council.
He worked as a teacher from 1858 to 1866, and then as a farmer in Bjelland. In addition he served on local public committees.

</doc>
<doc id="19537578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537578" title="Gatterer">
Gatterer

Gatterer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19537588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537588" title="Log, Kranjska Gora">
Log, Kranjska Gora

Log () is a settlement in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. Building expansion has meant that Log is now a mere continuation of Kranjska Gora itself and not really a separate settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="19537595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537595" title="Ralph Ward">
Ralph Ward

Ralph Ward (5 February 1911 – 1983) was an English professional footballer who played for Hinckley United, Tottenham Hotspur, Bradford Park Avenue, Crewe Alexandra and represented England at schoolboy level. He was born in Oadby, Leicestershire.
Football career.
Ward began his career at Hinckley United before joining Bradford Park Avenue in November 1929 where he played a total of 129 matches as a full back. He transferred to the Spurs in March 1936 and made his debut at White Hart Lane against West Ham United in March of that year. Ward featured in 132 games and scoring on 11 occasions in a war- interrupted career at the club. He became the club captain and penalty taker during the war years. His tough approach to the game earned him the nickname - "The Butcher". Ward moved to Crewe Alexandra in August 1946 where he went on to make a further 91 appearances and netting seven goals. He later went on to manage the side between 1953–55.
After football.
Ward returned to his home town, Oadby, to run his own successful haulage business. He also opened a pet shop.

</doc>
<doc id="19537617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537617" title="121st Pennsylvania Infantry">
121st Pennsylvania Infantry

The 121st Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry was a regiment of the Union Army during the United States Civil War.
History.
This regiment, chiefly recruited in the city of Philadelphia, and in the county of Venango, was organized at camp of rendezvous, near Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, early in September, 1862, with the following field officers:
Soon after its organization, it was ordered to Washington, D.C., and upon its arrival, went into camp at Arlington Heights. Arms and equipments were not delivered until some weeks after its arrival, but drill and instruction were immediately commenced, and prosecuted with vigor, the regiment becoming noted for good discipline at the drills and reviews of General Casey's Provisional Brigade, to which it was then attached.
October 1862.
On 1 October, the regiment moved to Frederick, Maryland, and a week later joined General Meade's Division of Pennsylvania troops, above Sharpsburg, and near the battle ground of Antietam. With the exception of slight skirmishing, as the army moved south through Virginia, it had no experience in fighting until it entered upon the Fredericksburg campaign. After reaching Warrenton, where McClellan was replaced by Major General Ambrose Burnside, it passed through Fayetteville, Stafford Court House, Brooks' Station, and White Oak Church, encamping a short time at each place.
December 1862.
On 12 December, it crossed the Rappahannock at Franklin's Crossing, below Fredericksburg, and moved to a position near Deep Run, where it bivouacked for the night in line of battle.
On the morning of the 13th, moving forward over the broken ground near the Run, it crossed the Bowling Green Road, and took position opposite a wooded hill on which the enemy lay in well provided breast-works. This movement was made under a fire of artillery from the left flank, which was kept up for more than an hour, by which the line was twice struck, and ten men disabled. it was at the same time exposed to a direct fire from the front, which was answered by Ransom's guns in the immediate front of the regiment. A rebel caisson that was at this juncture fortunately exploded, when, taking advantage of the favorable moment, the order was given to advance, and the division crossed the plain, four hundred yards wide, under fire from front and both flanks, drove the rebel skirmishers from a deep ditch which skirted the woods, ascended the slope of the hill, and broke the line of the enemy, which was distinctly marked by his dead. The line of battle of the division having been somewhat disordered by the inequalities of the ground over which it had passed, and the obstructions met, it was here partially re-formed, and the position held without further orders, under a hot fire from all directions. The impression prevailing that the troops were surrounded, the fire of the enemy coming from flanks and rear, in the absence of orders from either brigade or division chiefs, the troops retired to put themselves in communication with them; but finding that they were entirely unsupported, they took up a position facing the woods, still under fire, from which they were finally ordered to retire to the position occupied in the early morning.
During Sunday, the 14th, and Monday, the 15th, the position was retained, in the hope that the enemy might be tempted from his fastness on the wooded heights, to the open fields below; but finding no indications of a hostile movement on his part, the army was withdrawn, and the regiment retired to camping ground near White Oak Church.
January 1863.
A few weeks later it moved to Belle Plain, where it remained in huts and under canvas during the winter, performing the usual routine of picket duty and drill. The loss in the campaign was one hundred and eighty, chiefly sustained in the action at Fredericksburg, including two officers killed, Lieutenants George W. Brickley and M. W. C. Barclay, for lost to the service:one by wounds, and one from sickness.
Burnside's second campaign, which was entered upon on 20 January 1863, was cut short by impassable roads. The artillery could not be moved, and after four days of exposure to the chilling weather, the army returned to its encampments. In returning, the regiment was left behind to assist in extricating the artillery, and afterwards to explore its way through an unknown country back to camp. This and another fruitless expedition to Port Conway, which the rebels, from the southern shore of the Rappahannock, were suspected of visiting, were the only variations from the usual routine of camp duty experienced during the winter.
Spring 1863.
The spring campaign opened with the march of the army to Chancellorsville. The First and Fifth corps were at first moved to Franklin's Crossing, of the Rappahannock, where they remained in support of the Sixth Corps, which made the passage of the stream, while Hooker, with the remaining three corps, marched and crossed several miles above. After remaining here until the 30th, the Third Corps, and on the 2d of May the First Corps, also moved above, and crossing, re-joined the army at Chancellorsville. After the reverse of the Eleventh Corps, on the evening of 2 May, the First Corps was hurried away from the extreme left, where it had halted on its way to the front, to the right, to meet a triumphant foe. The regiment, although much worn by fatiguing duty, suffered but slight loss. When the army withdrew to the neighborhood of Falmouth, after the battle, the regiment was stationed near the banks of the Rappahannock, three miles in advance of its former camping ground.
Summer 1863.
On the, 12 June the Gettysburg campaign opened, the regiment moving by steady, rapid marches to Centreville, which it reached on the 16th, thence to Broad Run, crossed the Potomac at Edwards' Ferry, passing through Middletown, and arriving at Emmettsburg on the 29th. On the night of the 30th, the regiment formed the advance picket of the Third Division, Doubleday's, at a point about seven miles from Gettysburg, covering the ground from Marsh Creek to Middle Creek, the centre of the line being near the Cross Roads at Ross White's house.
On the morning of 1 July, the regiment marched at the head of the brigade, composed of the One Hundred and Twenty-first, One Hundred and Fifty-first, and One Hundred and Forty-second Pennsylvania regiments, the Twentieth New York Regiment, and a battery of artillery, all under command of Colonel Biddle, Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Biddle being in command of the regiment.
As the brigade approached Gettysburg, the noise of artillery was heard, and shells were seen bursting over some distant woods. Crossing the hills to the west of the town, it came upon Buford's Cavalry, which was engaging the enemy, and formed in a field facing to the westward, with a wood in front held by the enemy. Soon afterwards it moved to the north, and united with the left of the First Division, under General Wadsworth, arriving in time to meet an advance of the enemy through the woods to the west of the Theological Seminary. The position thus occupied, was held during most of the day, though frequently changing front as the enemy manifested a disposition to advance from the north or from the west. With his numerous batteries, the enemy kept up a vigorous shelling of the position, until he made his final assault at half past two in the afternoon, advancing from the north and the west in overpowering force.
To meet his attack from the west, a change of front was made, which brought the One Hundred and Twenty-first on the extreme left of the line, having upon its right the Twentieth New York, then a battery, and upon the extreme right, the One Hundred and Forty-second. The One Hundred and Fifty-first Pennsylvania having been previously detached to support the Second Brigade, commanded by General Roy Stone, was posted near the pike, farther to the right, and just in rear of the Seminary, but was subsequently brought up and formed on the right of the One Hundred and Forty-second. The enemy's line of battle extended far beyond the extreme left of the Union line, lapping around it, his fire completely enfilading the One Hundred and Twenty-first Regiment.
When the direct assault on the front of the brigade came, it was at first successfully resisted. His line was received with an effective fire, and wounded men of the brigade, who were left upon the field, afterwards reported that none but scattered troops ever passed over the position; but his forces swarming in upon the left, and completely outflanking the brigade, gave no chance for successful resistance. The ground was, however, held until the brigade battery was withdrawn in safety, when the fragment of the command remaining, retired to a barricade in the woods, to the rear of the Seminary. Clinging to this until a large portion of the troops engaged, and the artillery and ambulances had passed on through the town, the brigade withdrew to Cemetery Hill, and re-formed in rear of its crest. Receiving a fresh supply of cartridges, the regiment was held in readiness to repel an anticipated assault from General Ewell, who had come in from the north; but no assault came, the rebel troops seeming content with their successes, and the men bivouacked at night, feeling that though beaten and driven back from their position of the morning, they had successfully checked the enemy, in vastly superior numbers, until a new position could be taken, immeasurably better than the first, and until the army could come up in sufficient strength to successfully cope with its adversary. A beautiful rainbow seen in the west seemed to promise better fortune for the morrow. Out of seven officers and two hundred and fifty-six men who entered the engagement in the morning, there " ere left at night but two officers and eighty-two men an aggregate of one hundred and seventy. nine, either killed, wounded, or missing, upwards of sixty-five per cent.
On the following day, the brigade occupied a position on the Taneytown Road, to the left of the Cemetery, and during the cannonade in the afternoon, was much exposed, the enemy's shells, from opposite directions, frequently bursting in the same field. Early on the morning of the 3d, it was moved into line of battle on the left centre, the regiment occupying a position immediately in front of General Doubleday's headquarters. A barricade of rails was, thrown up for its protection, in case it should be pressed by infantry; but in the fierce cannonade by the enemy in the afternoon, which preceded his last grand charge, this barricade was shattered, and levelled with the dust. The men slept on their arms during the succeeding night, and on the two following days were employed in clearing the field, and in burying the dead.
On the afternoon of the 5th, the enemy being in full retreat, it moved with the corps by the Emmittsburg Road, and crossing the mountains opposite Hagerstown, came up with the enemy, in position near Williamsport. His skirmishers were speedily driven in. Pausing before his intrenched line, until the forces could be brought into position, an advance was ordered; but the enemy had made good his escape across the Potomac, and his intrenchments were possessed with but the feeble opposition of a line of skirmishers.
Returning over the South Mountains to Berlin, the regiment crossed the Potomac, followed substantially the route of the previous year to Warrenton and Rappahannock Station, and thence, after the lapse of some weeks, through Brandy Station, and Culpepper, to a point near Raccoon Ford on the Rapidan, where it remained until Lee attempted to turn the right of the Union army, causing a retrograde movement.
The regiment, then moved via Paoli Mills to Kelly's Ford, where it was engaged in throwing up rifle-pits, and guarding the crossing, until it was ascertained that the rebel army had passed the stream above, when it marched at midnight, passing Warrenton Junction, Catlett's and Bristoe Stations, and arrived with the division up on the Centreville Heights, in time to prevent their occupation by Lee's advance, which had arrived in close proximity. As the rest of the army came up, the division moved out towards the Chantilly battle ground, and upon the abandonment of offensive operations by the enemy, and his consequent retirement, advanced again towards Haymarket and Thoroughfare Gap. At Haymarket, a force of the enemy, supposed to be Stuart's Cavalry, dismounted, attacked at night, and in the conflict the regiment received a volley in the darkness, but fortunately without loss. As the enemy continued to fall back, Meade advanced. At Catlett's Station, the One-Hundred and Twenty-first was detailed for special duty in defending the Cedar Run Bridge, and in guarding the depots of stock, provision, and hospital stores deposited there, which duty it continued to perform -until the close of the Mine Run campaign, when the army retired to winter-quarters on the left bank of the Rapidan. The regiment was then ordered to Paoli Mills, and subsequently to Culpepper, where it went into camp, and finally to permanent quarters.
Winter 1863.
During the winter, the First Corps, which, since its great sacrifices at Gettysburg, had been composed of little more than skeleton regiments, was broken up, and distributed to other corps. By this change, the One Hundred and Twenty-first became part of the Fifth Corps, and though increased in numbers by the addition of a full company, which had been on duty at headquarters, was never after able to bring more than two hundred men into the field, no facilities having been afforded for recruiting. Colonel Chapman Biddle was honorably discharged on 10 December 1863, and Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Biddle, on 9 January 1864. Thereupon, Thomas M. Hall, who had been promoted to Major, in December, 1863, was made Lieutenant Colonel. During the winter the regiment remained in camp a short distance from Culpepper, engaged in the usual routine of camp and picket duty.
May 1864.
At one o'clock on the morning of 4 May, the regiment moved on the Wilderness campaign. On the following morning, having crossed the Rapidan at Germania Ford, it moved forward, and as it became evident that the enemy was in front, took position in a dense thicket, through which it was compelled to cut alleys before it could advance. At noon it came upon the foe, and became hotly engaged, holding its ground by hard fighting until four P. M., when it was obliged to retire, after having lost heavily in killed and wounded, and was moved to the left to the support of the Second Corps.
Early on the morning of the 6th, in conjunction with the Second Corps, which was formed in three lines of battle, it moved forward under a galling fire from the enemy in front, and a raking flank fire from his batteries. The ground was fiercely contested, and the command was finally checked and forced to fall back. But renewing the attack, it soon regained the lost ground. The enemy was here heavily reinforced, and succeeded in pushing the Union column back to the Gordonsville Road, where temporary works had been hastily thrown up. Artillery could not be used on account of the nature of the ground, and the three lines with which the advance was made had been gradually moulded into one.
At the Gordonsville Road, the brigade to which the One Hundred and Twenty-first was attached, was posted in rear of, and supporting a portion of the Second Corps. Late in the afternoon the enemy, with a recklessness rarely witnessed, charged upon the works, and in face of the deadly volleys of the infantry, and the more terrible fire of the artillery, succeeded in carrying a part of the line on the left, and in planting two of his standards upon the defenses. At this juncture the brigade, with the One Hundred and Twenty-first on the extreme right, which until this moment had been lying prostrate upon the ground a few yards in the rear, was ordered to advance, and springing forward, came down upon the victorious enemy with a steady and unflinching front, pouring upon him volley after volley, wrenching from him his dear bought advantage, and driving him in confusion to the woods beyond. With the exception of slight skirmishing, this ended the fighting for the day.
After refilling the cartridge boxes, the men rested during the night in the works, and on the morning of the 7th were led to the rear, where they remained until night-fall, and then commenced the march towards Spottsylvania Court House, the enemy in the Wilderness having taken to his works. All night long the march was continued, reaching Laurel Hill, on the morning of the 8th, relieving a portion of the First Division, of the Fifth Corps, which was engaging the enemy under a heavy cross-fire from batteries in position on an eminence to its left. Finding him too strongly posted to be driven out with the force at hand, the ground was held, and temporary works were thrown up. During the following day the command was occupied in keeping the enemy at bay, being subjected the while to an annoying fire from two of his pieces. On the 10h the command advanced, and engaged him in front of the works until late in the afternoon, when bayonets were fixed, and all preparations made for a charge. But before the advance was made, the order was countermanded, and during the 11th it lay in the works. The next night a second line in rear of the first was thrown up, and on the 12th the command again advanced in column, under a heavy cross-fire of artillery; but after a fierce struggle, in which many of the bravest fell, it was compelled to retire. In the action of the 10th, Captain William W. Dorr, in command of the regiment, was among the killed, At evening it was taken to the left, where it relieved a portion of the Sixth Corps, and lay during the night in line of battle.
On the morning of the 13th it returned to its former position, and towards mid-day resumed the march towards Spottsylvania Court House, getting into position on the enemy's front at daylight of the following morning. On the 18th it again advanced and threw up a line of works, which it occupied under continual artillery fire, with occasional sharp skirmishing, until the 21st. On that day it moved on to Guinea Station, where the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, and advanced two miles, capturing a number of prisoners, and routing a rebel battery. On the 23d the command again met the enemy in force at Jericho Ford, and immediately engaged him, and with the assistance of the artillery, forced him to withdraw. In this affair the conduct of the brigade was warmly complimented by General Cutler, then in command of the division. On the 25th a movement was made to the left, and the regiment was thrown forward as skirmishers, acting a, such during the entire day, and losing ten in killed and wounded. Lieutenant and Adjutant John Iungerich was here mortally wounded, expiring a month later. On the 28th, the Pamunky River was crossed, a little in advance of the enemy, when works for the defence of the position were hastily thrown up, and on the 30th the command took position on the right of the Pennsylvania Reserves, which were hotly engaged.
June 1864.
On 1 June the regiment advanced on the Mechanicsville Road, near Bethesda Church, under a raking fire of artillery, suffering considerable loss, but driving the rebel skirmishers, and throwing up breast-works in the edge of the woods from. which they retreated. After dark a further advance was made through the woods, and to within a stone's throw of the rebel pickets, where entrenching was quietly but diligently prosecuted, and the morning light disclosed to the astonished rebels a strong line of works under their very noses. Their artillery was hurried away to safe positions, and for five days the brigade held the ground under a continuous fire of artillery and sharpshooters. On 6 June the brigade reached Cold Harbor, where it was transferred to the First Division, in command of General Chamberlain. Intrenching, skirmishing, and hard marching was kept up until the 14thll, when it reached the James, and on the 16th crossed and took position in front of Petersburg. On the 18th it again advanced, and crossing the Norfolk Railroad, drove in the enemy's skirmishers, sustaining a heavy loss, but establishing a permanent line. This was held until the night of the 20th, when the troops were relieved by the Ninth Corps, and retired to the rear. On the night of the 21st the brigade advanced in line on the left, through a thick wood, and under the fire of the rebel skirmishers threw up a breast-work, and was here employed in constructing what was subsequently known as Fort Hell. As the formation was particularly exposed, much care had to be exercised in the early stages of the work, to elude the attention of the enemy. The fort was finished and occupied by two batteries of heavy artillery before the springing of the mine, which occurred on 31 July, and sustained without damage, the heavy rebel fire which was then brought to bear upon it.
August 1864.
On 18 August the regiment moved with the corps for the destruction of the Weldon Railroad. and after crossing the Blackwater, was deployed as skirmishers, driving in the rebel skirmishers as it advanced. The road having been effectually destroyed for a long distance, the brigade retired to works thrown up along the line of the ruins. On the 21st the regiment occupied a position in line on the left, and about two hundred yards in rear of the extreme left of the Fourth Division, which was on that day hotly engaged. The enemy finally advanced in column, charging the works in front of the Fourth Division, and sweeping around its left, thinking to come in upon an unprotected rear, but suddenly encountered the brigade, prepared to receive them. Determined not to be foiled in their purpose, they fought obstinately for some time, returning the fire that was poured in upon them, with the utmost spirit and determination, and only when almost annihilated did their spirit forsake them. But few escaped, hundreds being killed and wounded; while many seeing no other alternative, threw down their arms and came pouring over the works, bringing in several stands of colors. After this short but decisive contest, the brigade moved farther to the left, and erected new works.
September 1864.
On 12 September the regiment was transferred to the First Brigade of the Third Division, and five days later was transferred to the Third Brigade of this division. With this brigade, it marched on the 30th to Peeble's Farm, to the extreme right of the enemy's line, and, during the night succeeding, threw up a line of works on the crest of a hill. Early on the following morning the enemy, in great force, supported by artillery, made a furious attack. The works were held by the brigade until the line was broken to right and left of it, when, the enemy coming in upon both flanks, compelled it to give way, and nearly half of the regiment, including the Colonel and seven line officers, were captured. The morning report of the following day showed but four commissioned officers and eighty-five enlisted men present for duty.
Winter 1865.
During the succeeding winter the regiment remained in camp with the brigade, on the extreme left of the line, participating in but two movements of importance. The first was made on 4 December, by a force consisting of the Fifth Corps, one division of the Second, and a division of cavalry, all under command of General Warren, the purpose of which was to destroy the Weldon Railroad, as far south as possible. Striking the road twenty miles out from Petersburg, the work of destruction was continued, with little opposition, as far as Bellefield. The troops being without camp equipment, and exposed to a fearful storm of rain and hail, suffered severely.
The second was entered upon on 6 February 1865, and extended to Hatcher's Run. It resulted in severe fighting, without decisive results. Upon the occasion of the rebel attack on Fort Steadman, on 25 March, the regiment was put in motion with other troops, for the scene of conflict, but the assault was successful y repelled before it reached the ground, and immediately returned to its quarters.
March 1865.
On 31 March it participated in the attack,on the enemy's position at the Boydton Plank Road, and on the following day on his position at Five Forks, where he was completely routed, losing most of his artillery. The advantage here gained was rapidly followed up, and on the 9th the rebel army laid down its arms at Appomattox Court House. While the rebel troops were being paroled, the regiment performed guard duty in the town, with headquarters at the Court House. On the 12th it moved in charge of captured property, and proceeded with it to Burkesville Station, on the South Side Railroad, after which it was encamped for two weeks along this road. It then moved to Petersburg, thence to Richmond, and finally went into camp on Arlington Heights opposite Washington, D.C., where on 2 June, it was mustered out of service.

</doc>
<doc id="19537619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537619" title="Innocent Hamga">
Innocent Hamga

Innocent Hamga (born May 8, 1981 in Edea, Cameroon) is a professional Cameroonian footballer who last plays for Cotonsport Garoua.
Playing Style.
He is corporeally robust, ball-winning highly athletically trained and variabel in defensive.
International.
He holds 22 games for Cameroon and 2 goals. He was member at 2000 African Cup of Nations in Ghana and Nigeria. He played four games at 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19537622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537622" title="Dettlieb Christopher Jessen">
Dettlieb Christopher Jessen

Dettlieb Christopher Jessen (February 25, 1730 – August 12, 1814) was a German-born judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. His first name also appears as Detleff. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1785 to 1793.
He was born in Holstein and came to Halifax in 1751, settling in Lunenburg two years later. He was a wine cooper. Jessen served as lieutenant in the local militia, reaching the rank of lieutenant colonel. He was also a justice of the peace, a judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas, registrar of deeds and a customs collector. Jessen married Francisca Barbara Rudolf in 1755. He died in Lunenburg at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="19537629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537629" title="Incommunicado (song)">
Incommunicado (song)

Incommunicado is the lead single of Marillion's fourth studio album, "Clutching at Straws". Released 11 May 1987, it reached number six in the UK Singles Chart, becoming the band's third top-ten hit, the last until 2004's "You're Gone". It became a minor hit on the Dutch Top 40 reaching number 31. The A-side is a fast, anthemic rock song with a repetitive chorus and a dominant keyboard sound, somewhat reminiscent of "Market Square Heroes". The extended version on the twelve inch and CD singles is slightly longer than the album version and features some additional sound effects. The b-side, the short, slow and introspective "Going Under", would also appear as a bonus track on the CD version of "Clutching at Straws", in a slightly different version. Both tracks were written and arranged by Marillion and produced by Chris Kimsey.
The line "Currently residing in the where-are-they-now file" is a reference to a scene in the film "This Is Spinal Tap".
A CD replica of the single was also part of a collectors box-set released in July 2000 which contained Marillion's first twelve singles and was re-issued as a 3 CD set in 2009 (see "The Singles '82–'88").
Cover art.
The cover was again designed by Mark Wilkinson; however, instead of the usual airbrush style, it was a collage based on a colourised photograph of fans waiting outside the Marquee Club, then still in Wardour Street (trivia: there are some posters advertising a Then Jericho gig on the door). Only the eccentrically dressed, pivotal "angel" character standing at the door apart from the crowd, was painted in Wilkinson's traditional style. The scene alludes to the song's main topic, success alienating artists from their fans and reality in general. On the back cover there is a quotation supposedly from Seneca the Younger's "Moral Epistles" ("This mime of mortal life, in which we are apportioned roles we misinterpret.")

</doc>
<doc id="19537648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537648" title="Good 2B Alive">
Good 2B Alive

Good 2B Alive is the fourth studio album by band Steelheart, released on October 24, 2008 in Europe, and November 11, 2008 in the US. It is also the band's first full-length album since the band's reunion in 2006, although it did not feature returning original guitarist Chris Risola on the recordings.
The tracks "LOL", "Buried Unkind" and "Twisted Future" has previously appeared on the band's promotional EP from 2006 - "Just a Taste".
Miljenko Matijevic played all rhythm guitars on the album (both electric and acoustic), except on "Shine a Light for Me" where Uros Raskovski played all rhythm and lead guitars. Uros Raskovski also played lead and texture guitars on most of the album, except on "LOL" and "Underground". 
The lead guitar tracks on "You Showed Me How to Love" and "Good 2B Alive" were taken from the audition/demo sessions in 2005 when Miljenko Matijevic and Uros Raskovski met at the Steelheart Studios for the first time.
Although credited for bass, the band's bassist Rev Jones is only featured on the songs "Twisted Future", "Good 2B Alive" and the acoustic version of "Good 2B Alive". The rest of the bass work was done by session member Sigve Sjursen.
For the album's promotion tour it marks the return of the band's original lead guitarist Chris Risola (although he also toured with the band on the short "Just a Taste" supporting tour in 2006). Rejoining the band also on guitar is Uros Raskovski.
Track listing.
All songs written by Miljenko Matijevic.

</doc>
<doc id="19537712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537712" title="Joel S. Engel">
Joel S. Engel

Joel Stanley Engel (February 4, 1936) is a Jewish American engineer, known for fundamental contributions to the development of cellular networks.
Born in New York City, he obtained a B.Sc. in engineering at City College of New York (1957). While working at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the research staff at Draper Laboratory on inertial guidance and stabilization systems, he also obtained an M.Sc. in electrical engineering (1959). He then moved to New Jersey and worked for Bell Labs most of his active research career (1959–83), and also earned a Ph.D. from Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn on a thesis on data transmission over telephone lines (1964).
He then worked at Bellcomm on guidance systems for the Apollo Program (1965) and at the Page Communications Engineers, Inc. in Washington, D.C. (1965–67) before returning to Bell Labs where he joined the mobile phone system research group. He also lectured at Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn. After the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) opened up new frequencies (1968), his engineering team developed the architecture for cellular network and its parametrization (1971), which was the basis for Advanced Mobile Phone System, eventually commercialized (1983).
After a rotation at AT&T (1973–75), Engel returned to Bell Labs as a Department Head with responsibilities for a broad range of projects.
Engel later joined Satellite Business Systems (1983–86) as VP of engineering, and became VP of research and development at MCI Communications (1986–87), when MCI acquired SBS.
He was VP of technology and Chief Technology Officer at Ameritech (1987–97). He is currently president of JSE Consulting of Armonk, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19537717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537717" title="Panasonic Globe Theatre">
Panasonic Globe Theatre

The Panasonic Globe Theatre in Tokyo, Japan, was designed by Isozaki Arata and opened in 1988 to showcase local and international productions of Shakespeare's plays. Guest companies and artists have included the British Royal National Theatre, Royal Shakespeare Company, Shakespeare's Globe Theatre, Ingmar Bergman, Peter Brook, Barry Kyle and Robert Lepage, as well as such Kabuki stars as Bando Tamasaburo (Lady Macbeth), and Ichikawa Somegoro (Kabuki Hamlet).

</doc>
<doc id="19537743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537743" title="Srednji Vrh, Kranjska Gora">
Srednji Vrh, Kranjska Gora

Srednji Vrh () is a settlement in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19537750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537750" title="Past, Present, Future (Tiki Taane album)">
Past, Present, Future (Tiki Taane album)

Past, Present, Future is New Zealand based musician Tiki Taane's platinum selling debut solo album. It features a fusion of Taane’s trademark bass-heavy production with traditional Māori instrumentation, a style which Taane describes as “punk dub meets tangatawhenua”.
Guest vocalists include Taane’s father Uekaha Taanetinorau and grandmother Inuwai, as well as PDigsss (Shapeshifter), Julia Deans (Fur Patrol), Celia Church, and Zaniah Carigiet.
Tracks.
1. Whakapuaki 
"Whakapuaki" means ‘an awakening’, Taane's brother-in-law wrote the lyrics and his father performed them. Taane sees Whakapuaki as acknowledging the higher forces, the higher entities and the listeners, then clearing space to allow the listener to properly listen through the whole album.
2. Tangaroa 
"Tangaroa" means ‘God of the Sea’. This was the first song Taane wrote for the album, starting it four years before recording. Tangaroa includes tribal elements with a haka performed by Taane's father on top.
3. Now This Is It 
Sean Deans (Bass Frontiers) wrote the beat for "Now This Is It", while Taane wrote the verses and choruses. Zaniah from Kobra Kai in Sydney sang the intro/outro.
4. Our Favourite Target 
Taane played the drums on this track, which features Julia Deans from Fur Patrol on vocals.
5. Faded 
Sean Deans wrote the dancehall beat, while P Diggs performed a duet with Taane, as well as co-writing the song. The song is about friendship, respect, love and admiration.
6. Saviour Dub 
Motive from Melbourne produced most of the beat for this track, which features a "reggae jungle crossover sound".
7. Always on My Mind 
This track features Taane on acoustic guitar and vocals. Taane wrote "Always on My Mind" for his ex-girlfriend. A triumph of song writing and performing, "Always on my Mind" held the number one spot in the New Zealand top 40 chart for over nine weeks, and remained in the top 40 for over 40 weeks, over 30 of which were spent in the top 15.
8. Wotcha Got 
"Wotcha Got" features Evan Short from Concord Dawn on heavy metal guitar, and live drumming from Uncle Deaks (Salmonella Dub). This track was going to be on the new Salmonella Dub album, but they turned it down.
9. Always on My Mind Dub 
Taane played the simple drum loop on this track, which also features a string quartet from Wellington. Taane says "The original version of "Always on My Mind" is pretty happy and up-tempo, so I wanted to do something that was sad and said “I miss you”." 
10. Music Has Saved Me 
"Music Has Saved Me" features a P-Money beat. The song pays homage to music and the positive effect it has had on Taane's life. The chorus is inspired by a line from Ini Kamoze's "World A Music".
11. Past, Present, Future 
The title track features vocals from Taane's grandmother, who had died about fifteen years earlier. The vocals come from a tape recording of her singing one of her babies to sleep in the 1970s. The song doesn’t have a beat; Taane arranged some strings and noises around the vocal. Taane is paying tribute to the Māori tradition of recording history through waiata or song.
12. It’s All In Your Head 
Taane plays drums, bass, piano, and keys on this track. Celia Church sings the main vocal.
13. Tainui Waka 
This track pays tribute to the people of the Tainui waka, one of the traditional original canoes to bring the Māori people to Aotearoa/New Zealand. The track was inspired by a vision Taane had while sitting on the beach which was the launch point for the Tainui Waka, while he was on a spiritual journey to Rarotonga.
Charts.
Taane's first solo single, "Always On My Mind" has been certified platinum and made it to number one in New Zealand, knocking Chris Brown off the top spot after an eight week reign. The album "Past, Present, Future" has also been certified platinum in New Zealand and peaked at number four on the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19537757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537757" title="Washington, D.C. mayoral election, 2002">
Washington, D.C. mayoral election, 2002

The 2002 Washington, D.C. mayoral election occurred on Tuesday November 5, 2002, with incumbent Democratic mayor Anthony A. Williams easily defeating Carol Schwartz, the Republican nominee. Both the Democratic primary and the Republican primary elections were held on September 10, 2002. Williams not only won the Democratic primary but also received the most voted in the Republican primary. Because Washington, D.C., law prevents a candidate from being nominated by more than one party, Carol Schwartz was chosen as the Republican nominee by local party leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="19537759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537759" title="Ekrem Buğra Ekinci">
Ekrem Buğra Ekinci

Ekrem Buğra Ekinci (born 1966) is a Turkish academic. He is a professor of the history of Turkish Law and Islamic Law. He is currently a member of the Faculty of Law of Marmara University. 
Ekrem Buğra Ekinci was graduated from the Faculty of Law of Ankara University in 1987. He completed his lawyer apprenticeship in 1988 and gained a master of laws degree in 1991. In 1996 he gained a degree of doctor of laws (Ph.D) in the Faculty of Law of Istanbul University. In 1999, Dr. Ekinci became an associate professor of history of law by his dissertation on Ottoman courts. In 2005, he was appointed as a full professor.
Dr. Ekinci was a researcher in the University of Jordan in Amman between 1992 and 1993. He worked at faculties of law in Ankara and Erzincan. He speaks English and Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="19537763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537763" title="Ainselu Kharka">
Ainselu Kharka

Ainselu Kharka is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,617 persons living in 676 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19537768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537768" title="John Fillis">
John Fillis

John Fillis (ca 1724 – July 16, 1792) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the 1st General Assembly of Nova Scotia and later represented Halifax County from 1768 to 1770, Barrington township from 1772 to 1785 and Halifax township from 1785 to 1792 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of John Fillis, and came to Nova Scotia around 1751. He had married Elizabeth Stoddard in 1747. Fillis established a shipping business based in Halifax, with a branch in Boston. He also set up a distillery in Halifax. In 1756, he married Sarah Cleveland (Rudduck). Fillis was also a justice of the peace. He died in office in Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="19537774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537774" title="Arrino, Western Australia">
Arrino, Western Australia

Arrino is a small town in the Mid West region of Western Australia. The town is located between Mingenew and Three Springs on the Midlands Road.
The name of the town is Aboriginal in origin and is the name of the local springs and is thought to mean "place of many granite hills". The name first appeared in charts in 1859 and was also the name of a property established by an early settler, NW Cooke, in 1876. The townsite was gazetted in 1904.
Plans for a school and quarters to be built were drawn up in 1905 with an estimated cost of £325.
Flooding occurred at Arrino in 1932 following a torrential downpour that caused the Arrowsmith River and surroundiing creeks to rise and flood a few hours later. A section of the railway between Arrino and Three Springs was washed away as a result closing the line for several days. Later the same year massive bushfires swept across the aurrounding areas destroying crops and bushland, about of countryside were burnt out. More fires were started the following year in 1933 resutling in another of farmland being lost to the flames.
The main industry in town is wheat farming with the town being a Cooperative Bulk Handling receival site.

</doc>
<doc id="19537780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537780" title="Timeline of mathematics">
Timeline of mathematics

A timeline of pure and applied mathematics history. 

</doc>
<doc id="19537790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537790" title="Martyr's Memorial Patna">
Martyr's Memorial Patna

The Martyr's Memorial also known as Shaheed Smarak is a life-size statue of seven brave young men who sacrificed their lives in the Quit India movement(August 1942), to hoist the national flag on the (now) Secretariat building. The foundation stone of Martyr's Memorial was laid on August 15, 1947, by the governor of Bihar, Mr. Jairam Das Daulatram. The sculptor Mr. Deviprasad Roychoudhry built the bronze statue of the seven students with the national flag. These statues were cast in Italy and later placed here. 
Martyr's Memorial is situated outside the Secretariat building in Patna.
List engraved names on Martyr's Memorial.
Following are the martyrs, whose names are engraved on Martyr's Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="19537792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537792" title="Ekrem Ekinci">
Ekrem Ekinci

Ekrem Ekinci is Professor of Chemistry and the rector of Işık University in Istanbul, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19537795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537795" title="Washington, D.C. mayoral election, 1994">
Washington, D.C. mayoral election, 1994

The 1994 election for Washington, D.C. mayor featured the return of Marion Barry, who served as mayor from 1979 until 1991.
Barry served six months in prison on a cocaine conviction. After his release from prison, Barry ran successfully for the Ward 8 city council seat in 1992, running under the slogan "He May Not Be Perfect, But He's Perfect for D.C." Upon this victory, Barry said he was "not interested in being mayor" again.
Campaign.
Democratic primary.
Sharon Pratt Kelly succeeded Barry as mayor. In the second year of her term, Barry loyalists mounted a recall campaign, which, although unsuccessful, weakened her administration.
Councilman John Ray received the endorsement of the "Washington Post" and was favored to win the primary. However, Barry ran a grassroots campaign, touting his record balancing the budget in 10 of his 12 years as mayor.
General election.
A major issue in the campaign was how to cut $140 million from the city budget, as mandated by Congress. Though Barry was seen by some as responsible for the bureaucracy and Schwartz criticized Barry's proposals as old and ineffective, Barry tied his personal redemption to the redemption of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19537810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537810" title="Washington, D.C. mayoral election, 1978">
Washington, D.C. mayoral election, 1978

The 1978 election for Washington, D.C. mayor was the second mayoral election under DC Home Rule. The Democratic primary election (the most important contest in the DC mayoral race, as 90% of the District's voters were registered Democrats) took place on Tuesday, September 12, with At-Large Councilman Marion Barry defeating incumbent mayor Walter E. Washington and Council Chair Sterling Tucker to become the Democratic nominee for Mayor. Barry defeated Republican nominee Arthur Fletcher and two marginal candidates in the general election on November 7, 1978.
Campaign.
Democratic primary.
Walter Washington had been the last appointed head of the city, serving as Mayor-Commissioner under President Lyndon Johnson, before being elected DC's first home rule mayor. By 1978, though he still had the support of the city's unions, Washington was largely seen as a caretaker mayor who served to transition the city from federal oversight to local independence. Washington had appointed white politicians to his high-level administration positions, alienating the black majority who felt that blacks should run the city, and his position as a Johnson appointee raised suspicions that he was too closely tied to the city's former federal custodians.
DC Council Chair Sterling Tucker was the early favorite in the race. Like Washington, Tucker had been in Johnson's appointed DC government, the president's choice for council chair in 1967; previously he had been head of the DC chapter of the Urban League and was seen as a moderate crusader for civil rights. Tucker had the support of the city's black ministers, one of the most influential political blocs, and the business community.
Marion Barry, then incumbent as At-Large member of the DC Council, had come to the District in 1965 as head of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), and had evolved into radical civil rights activism on the local DC level by the end of the 1960s, founding the activist group Pride, Inc. to provide employment for the city's poor black community. However, he had gained the support of the city's wealthy white liberal establishment and had begun to move through the city's public ranks when elected president of the school board in 1972, then to the Council two years later. Barry kept the white liberal support in his mayoral race, as well as that of the gay community, civil rights movement veterans, and the DC Board of Trade. However, he remained in third place until the "Washington Post" endorsed Barry on August 30, two weeks before the election.
On the September 12 primary, Barry beat Tucker by an extremely small margin of 1400 votes, close enough that Tucker did not concede until after a recount had taken place. Incumbent Mayor Washington finished third, with just under 3,000 votes less than Barry.
General election.
In the November general election, Barry faced Arthur Fletcher, an African-American Republican who had served as an Assistant Secretary in Richard Nixon's Department of Labor. Fletcher approached the race by accusing Barry of being the "white man's candidate," a tactic which the "Washington Post" criticized as "unforgivably shabby." On November 7, Barry won a landslide election with 70% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19537812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537812" title="Bratlie's Cabinet">
Bratlie's Cabinet

The Bratlie's Cabinet was a Norwegian cabinet, formed by a coalition of the Conservative Party and the Liberal Left Party. It was in from 20 February 1912 to 31 January 1913. 

</doc>
<doc id="19537824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537824" title="Frederick Atkinson">
Frederick Atkinson

Sir Frederick John Atkinson, KCB (born 7 December 1919) is a retired British civil servant.
Atkinson was educated at Dulwich College and Jesus College, Oxford. He lectured at Jesus and Trinity Colleges before joining the Economic Section of the Cabinet Office in 1949. He spent 1952 to 1954 at the British Embassy in Washington D.C. before returning to work in HM Treasury. He was the Chief Economic Adviser to the Department of Trade and Industry from 1970 to 1973, an Assistant Secretary-General at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development from 1973 to 1975, Deputy Secretary and Chief Economic Adviser at the Department of Energy from 1975 to 1977, before his final posting, as Chief Economic Adviser to HM Treasury and Head of the Government Economic Service from 1977 to 1979. He was awarded the CB in 1971 and knighted on his advancement to KCB in 1979. He was appointed an Honorary Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19537826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537826" title="Zgornja Radovna">
Zgornja Radovna

Zgornja Radovna () is a settlement in the Radovna Valley in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It has one of the oldest surviving traditional farmhouses in Triglav National Park, the Pocar farmhouse, with the date 1775 engraved on one of its beams and a written document dating to 1672.

</doc>
<doc id="19537851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537851" title="William Deedes senior">
William Deedes senior

William Deedes (born 17 October 1796 at Sandling Park, Kent; died 30 November 1862 at Belgravia, Westminster) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1817 to 1826, and a Conservative Party politician.
Cricket.
Deedes made his debut first-class appearance in 1817 for the Old Wykehamists, in a team which also included future Kent player Benjamin Aislabie. Playing no further first-class cricket until 1821, he played for various Marylebone Cricket Club sides over the next four years.
Deedes made his county cricket debut playing for Hampshire against Sussex and was dismissed by Jem Broadbridge in each innings.
Now 29 years of age, he was to play just two further first-class matches within the following calendar year, his final first-class appearance coming as a tailender in a combined Hampshire and Surrey team against Sussex in 1826. He took seven stumpings and two catches in the match. Deedes' brother, John and son William also played first-class cricket.
Politics.
Deedes was elected to House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for East Kent at an unopposed by-election March 1845. He was re-elected unopposed in 1847 in a contested election in 1852 general election, but was defeated at the general election in April 1857. However, Sir Edward Dering, a Liberal who won one of East Kent's two seats in 1852, resigned from the House of Commons on 1 December 1857, and Deedes was elected unopposed at the resulting by-election. He was returned unopposed in 1859, and held the seat until his death in 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="19537865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537865" title="Hen Island (Tasmania)">
Hen Island (Tasmania)

Hen Island is a long, narrow, 7.6 hectare island in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. Its highest point is 75 m Above Sea Level. It is part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance as a breeding site for seabirds.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin (90 pairs), Short-tailed Shearwater 12,000 pairs), Fairy Prion (27,000 pairs), Pacific Gull and Sooty Oystercatcher. The Metallic Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19537869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537869" title="Karate at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Karate at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The Karate competition at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the "Rafael Florido Sports Hall" in Almería, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19537896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537896" title="Shooting at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre air pistol">
Shooting at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre air pistol

Men's 10 metre air pistol made its Olympic debut at the 1988 Summer Olympics. Erich Buljung equalled the world record (held by Vladas Turla and Igor Basinski) of 590 points in the qualification round, acquiring a two-point lead over the new 50 metre champion, Sorin Babii. Neither of them performed a good final however, and Tanyu Kiryakov eliminated his entire five-point gap to first place. The tie between Kiryakov and Buljung was resolved on grounds of higher final score, with Kiryakov becoming the inaugural champion. Xu Haifeng surpassed Babii to win bronze.
Qualification round.
DNS Did not start – EWR Equalled world record – OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19537905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537905" title="Victoria Dayneko">
Victoria Dayneko

Victoria Petrovna Dayneko () is a Russian singer, the graduator, and the winner of Star Factory-5, the participant of the Channel One’s project «Glacial age».
Biography and creativity.
Early years.
Was born on 12 May 1987 in village Kirov Taldy-Kurgan area. Her childhood was spent in the Yakut city Mirny (Yakutia). Since her childhood, she dreamed of becoming a variety singer, but her parents did not view her desire seriously. In school, Vika started to sing various Mirny (Yakutia) musical genres, mainly covering strangers hits. As in a small town, without any special educational institutions, Vick was the self-educated person. In parallel with it, Vika seriously engaged foreign, English, language.
Star Factory.
In 2004, was the participant of the Channel One’s teleproject Star Factory Series 5 under the direction of Alla Pugacheva, which she won. Within the limits of the teleproject, Victoria sang two solo songs — «I will be better» and "Leila". Also it is necessary to note a duet Vika sang with Alexander Marshal on a song «Dreamed me». The duet was so pleasant to the public, that it has been decided to make a joint clip — the first in video of Victoria.
"Post-factory" life.
2005—2006.
After the termination of the teleproject, Victoria began serious work Igor Matvienko. The debut clip of singer for the song "Leila" was shot in 2005 in Thailand. New songs with which, Vika acted on the various platforms, new further clips have followed. In parallel with this development, Victoria's life was often discussed in press—in 2006, the singer dated the member of the group «Korni» Pavel Artemyev. Although the affair did not last long, it has left a trace — a clip plot on a song of Dayneko «I will simply leave from you at once» ("Я просто сразу от тебя уйду") based on the idea of director Victor Priduvalov and a hit has been closely connected with the Korni’s clip «You want I will sing to you» ("Хочешь, я тебе спою")
2007.
In the beginning of 2007, Victoria has written a soundtrack to the film «In expectation of a miracle» — «Film not about love». In parallel with film shootings, the video clip on this song has been made.
In the autumn 2007, she was presented to nomination «Best performer» in ceremonies MTV Russia Music Awards, as a result of having conceded to the singer MakSim. Also she was the winner of the award of the channel Fashion TV in the nomination «fashion-singer of 2007».
In the beginning of the same year, Victoria has acted in photos for April issue of magazine "Playboy", about which in consequence she has regretted.
In the same 2007 participated in the project Glacial age. In this project she was "star", being trained and supported by Alexei Yagudin — the first class figure skater. Victoria and Alexei have reached the project ending, but have not occupied prize-winning places.
With Alexei, Vika has written a song "Needle", of which there has been made a video clip. Certainly, hearings about the novel have spread. But they are only hearings.
Also in 2007 Victoria tested in cinema. A small, bit part in a teleserial «Happy together», where Vika has played herself, and also has voiced the main heroine Panti in an animation «Noev an ark» with the Russian version of a Gloria Gaynor’s song «I Will Survive».
2008— present.
On 6 March 2008 has released a debut album "Needle". The album became «the collection of hits of the singer» as it was the first album for 3 years of work. Now Victoria begins work on the second album.

</doc>
<doc id="19537910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537910" title="Ahmad Shuja Pasha">
Ahmad Shuja Pasha

Lieutenant General Ahmad Shuja Pasha (), HI(M) (born 18 March 1952) was the Director-General of the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), Pakistan's main intelligence service, from October 2008 until March 2012. He was due to reach the age of superannuation on 18 March 2010, but has received one extension. His tenure was extended by a year, until 18 March 2012 when he retired. Pasha has been replaced by Lieutenant General Zaheerul Islam. In 2011, Ahmad Shuja Pasha was named as one of the 100 most influential people by "Time Magazine".
Army career.
Pasha was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the famed Frontier Force Regiment in the 49th PMA Long Course in 1974. He has commanded an infantry battalion, a mechanized infantry brigade and has served as the Chief Instructor of the Command and Staff College of the Pakistani Army. From 2001 to 2002, General Pasha served as a Contingent and Sector Commander of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone.
Pasha was promoted to Major General in January 2003, and posted as GOC 8th Infantry Division in Sialkot. From there in April 2005, he was sent as Commandant Command and Staff College in Quetta. From April 2006 to October 2008, Pasha served as the Director General of Military Operations at the Army headquarters overseeing all military engagements in Waziristan, Swat and other tribal areas.
In October 2007, Pasha was selected as Military Adviser to Secretary-General of United Nations. However, due to his commitments as DGMO he never joined the UN.
ISI appointment (2008-2012).
The newly elected civilian government of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani tried for two months to gain control of the appointment for the director of the ISI as well as place the agency under the administrative, financial, and operational control of the Interior Ministry. However, the attempt failed when Chief of Army Staff, General Kayani appointed Pasha on 29 September 2008. Pasha’s prior post was responsible for planning operations against Taliban and al-Qaeda militants in the FATA and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa provinces of Pakistan, signaling a reorientation from the ISI's traditional Kashmir/India focus. Pasha was appointed director of the ISI at Washington's behest; Pasha is closely allied to General Kayani, the CIA, and holds anti-Taliban views. The United States Government had pressured Pakistan to replace Lieutenant-General Nadeem Taj, the prior chief of the ISI, whom they claimed as "double dealing" with militants with a more acceptable candidate like Pasha. Additionally, Pasha’s appointment was part of a wider Chief of Army Staff reappointment shake-up that solidified General Kayani’s loyalty among the military as all prior appointees were done by former President and Chief of the Army Pervez Musharraf.
Pasha retired as Director General ISI on 18 March 2012 and was succeeded by Zaheerul Islam.
2008 Mumbai attacks.
In the wake of the 2008 Mumbai attacks, the Indian media reported that President Asif Ali Zardari had instructed Pasha to go to India to share intelligence after a request from Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, which would have constituted the first time a head of the ISI traveling to help the investigation of a terrorist attack. Under pressure from the Pakistan military, the decision was reversed within a few hours.
In September 2009, he made another public outreach toward India, attending an Iftar hosted by Indian High Commissioner to Pakistan, Sabharwal.
The Memorandum Affair.
Gen. Pasha was involved in the Memogate controversy in 2011-2012 in which an American businessman, Mansoor Ijaz alleged that a senior Pakistani diplomat, former Amb. Husain Haqqani, had asked him to deliver an unsigned memorandum to Adm. Mike Mullen, chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff at the time. The memorandum sought help of the Obama administration in the wake of the Abbottabad raid during which U.S. Special Forces killed Osama bin Laden. It asked the U.S. to help avert a military takeover of the civilian government in Pakistan, as well as assistance in executing a Washington insider takeover of the government and military apparatus of Pakistan.
On October 10, 2011, the London "Financial Times" published a Comment article in which the existence of the memorandum was disclosed, arguing that Pakistan's intelligence services were responsible for fueling jihadist insurgency in the country. On October 22, 2011, Pasha met Ijaz at the London Intercontinental hotel. The meeting lasted 4 hours, and started a chain of events that ended in a Supreme Court investigation of the Memorandum's origins, authenticity and purpose.
During the London meeting, Pasha was presented with evidence in the form of BlackBerry handset exchanges, written notes and call logs that pointed to the involvement of the senior Pakistani diplomat in the matter. Haqqani continues to the present to deny any involvement in the origins, purpose or authenticity of the Memorandum.
On April 5, 2012, Pasha agreed to appear before the Judicial Commission constituted by the Supreme Court of Pakistan to examine the available evidence in the memorandum affair. He testified that during the meeting in London, he was shown the same evidence as had appeared during the course of the previous three months of hearings and that he believed the evidence to be factual and authentic. He did not waiver in his stance about the purpose, origin or authenticity of the memorandum.
In June 2012, the Judicial Commission released its final conclusions and found that the alleged memorandum was authentic and that former ambassador Husain Haqqani was its "originator and architect". The report said he had in fact sought US support through the memo and wanted to head a new national security team in Pakistan. The report also stated that Haqqani was not loyal to Pakistan as he had left the country, had no material assets in Pakistan and was now living abroad. The Supreme Court, upon hearing the report in session, ordered the former ambassador to appear before the bench. The process of repatriating Haqqani to Pakistan for his appearance in front of the high court continues to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="19537918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537918" title="Alfred Robb">
Alfred Robb

Alfred Arthur Robb or Alfred A. Robb FRS (18 January 1873 in Belfast – 14 December 1936 in Castlereagh) was a British physicist.
Robb studied at Queen's College in Belfast and at St John’s College in Cambridge. He then proceeded to University of Göttingen, where guided by Woldemar Voigt, he wrote his dissertation on the Zeeman effect. He also worked under J. J. Thomson at the Cavendish Laboratory. The Croix de Guerre was awarded to him, and in 1921 he became a fellow of the Royal Society. 
He is known for his four works on special relativity (1911, 1914, 1921, 1936) where he derived a spacetime formalism of the theory in an axiomatic-geometric way. Robb therefore was sometimes called the "Euclid of relativity". In the first of these works he used a hyperbolic angle to introduce the concept of rapidity which clarified the relativistic velocity-addition formula.
He also showed that the kinematic space of velocities is hyperbolic, that is, that "instead of a Euclidean triangle of velocities, we get a Lobachevski triangle of rapidities".
However, contrary to the scientific mainstream, he believed that the works of Joseph Larmor and Hendrik Lorentz were more important for relativity than the works of Albert Einstein and Hermann Minkowski.

</doc>
<doc id="19537921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537921" title="Pentecostal Church in Poland">
Pentecostal Church in Poland

The Pentecostal Church in Poland () is a Pentecostal Christian denomination in Poland. With 23,000 adherents and 211 congregations, it is the second largest Protestant church in Poland after the Evangelical-Augsburg Church. It is the largest Pentecostal denomination in Poland and a part of the World Assemblies of God Fellowship. 
The Pentecostal Church in Poland is a member of Pentecostal European Fellowship and Biblical Society in Poland Headquartered in the city of Warsaw, the Church publishes a magazine titled "Chrześcijanin". 

</doc>
<doc id="19537931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537931" title="Bobb Hopkins">
Bobb Hopkins

Bobb Hopkins, also known as Santa Fe Bo, is an American writer, director, actor, and producer.
Hopkins is the founder and director of the National Hobo Association, an organisation devoted to the hobo lifestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="19537935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537935" title="Arkhale, Sagarmatha">
Arkhale, Sagarmatha

Arkhale is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,025 persons living in 575 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19537948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537948" title="Badahare">
Badahare

Badahare is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,554 persons living in 274 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19537953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537953" title="Swedish banking rescue">
Swedish banking rescue

During 1991 and 1992, a housing bubble in Sweden deflated, resulting in a severe credit crunch and widespread bank insolvency. The causes were similar to those of the subprime mortgage crisis of 2007–2008. In response, the government took the following actions:
This bailout initially cost about 4% of Sweden's GDP, later lowered to between 0-2% of GDP depending on various assumptions due to the value of stock later sold when the nationalized banks were privatized.
In September 2008, economists Brad DeLong and Paul Krugman have proposed the Swedish experiment as a model for what should be done to solve the economic crisis currently affecting the United States. Swedish leaders who played a role in devising the Swedish solution and have spoken about the implications for other countries include Urban Bäckström and Bo Lundgren.

</doc>
<doc id="19537954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537954" title="Badka Dipali">
Badka Dipali

Badka Dipali is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,632 persons living in 508 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19537955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537955" title="1970 FIFA World Cup Final">
1970 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1970 FIFA World Cup Final was contested by Brazil and Italy on 21 June 1970 in the Estadio Azteca in Mexico, to determine the winner of the 1970 FIFA World Cup. This final marked the first time that two former world champions met in a final; Italy had previously won the World Cup in 1934 and 1938, while Brazil won in 1958 and 1962.
Brazil struck first, with Pelé heading in a cross by Rivelino at the 18th minute. Roberto Boninsegna equalized for Italy after a blunder in the Brazilian defence. In the second half, Brazil's firepower and creativity was too much for an Italian side that clung to their cautious defensive system. Gérson fired in a powerful shot for the second goal, and then helped provide the third, with a long free kick to Pelé who headed down into the path of the onrushing Jairzinho. Pelé capped his superb performance by drawing the Italian defence in the centre and feeding captain Carlos Alberto on the right flank for the final score. Carlos Alberto's goal, after a series of moves by the Brazilian team from the left to the centre, is considered one of the greatest goals ever scored in the history of the tournament.
A total of 8 outfield players from Brazil passed the ball until Captain Carlos Alberto hammered the ball into the corner of the Italian goal following an inch perfect pass across the Italian 18 yard box from Pelé, prompted by the intelligent Tostão, who, with his back to the goal, told Pelé that Alberto was steaming in on the right flank. Tostão started the move 5 yards from the left of the Brazilian 18 yard box, then ran the length of the field to the Italian box without touching the ball again to tell Pelé to lay it off for Alberto. The players involved in the passes in order were Tostão, Brito, Clodoaldo, Pelé, Gérson, defender Clodoaldo beat 4 Italian players in his own half before passing to Rivelino who hit a perfect pass down the wing to Jairzinho. Jairzinho crossed from the wing to the centre of the box to Pelé who held the ball up to play a pass for Alberto to smash it home. The only outfield players not involved in the move were Everaldo and Piazza. The full team was Carlos Alberto, Felix, Piazza, Brito, Clodoaldo, Everaldo Antonio, Jairzinho, Gérson, Tostão, Pelé and Rivelino. Brazil won the World Cup with 19 goals scored by 7 players, all of whom featured in the Carlos Alberto goal. Before the finals in Mexico, Brazil had to play the qualifying rounds against Colombia, Venezuela and Paraguay. Brazil was far superior winning all 6 games, scoring 23 goals and conceding only 2. In the last match of the qualifying rounds Brazil beat Paraguay 1 – 0 and had the largest official audience ever recorded for a football match, with 183,341 spectators in Brazil's Maracanã Stadium. In total the Brazilian team won all 12 games, scoring 42 goals and conceding only 8. 
With this third win after their 1958 and 1962 World Cup victories, Brazil became the world's most successful national football team at that time, surpassing both Italy and Uruguay, who each had two championships. Brazil also earned the right to retain the Jules Rimet Trophy permanently. (However, it was stolen in 1983 while on display in Rio de Janeiro and never recovered.) Brazilian coach Mário Zagallo was the first footballer to become World Cup champion as a player (1958, 1962) and a coach, and Pelé ended his World Cup playing career as the first (and so far only) three-time winner.

</doc>
<doc id="19537961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537961" title="Bahunidanda">
Bahunidanda

Bahunidanda is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,365 persons living in 401 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19537967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537967" title="Och-Ziff Capital Management">
Och-Ziff Capital Management

Och-Ziff Capital Management Group is an American hedge fund manager and global alternative asset management firm. In early 2013, the firm had more than $40 billion in assets under management. It is the 5th largest hedge fund in the world as end of 2011. 
The firm operates multiple investment strategies, including merger arbitrage, convertible arbitrage, equity restructuring, credit and distressed investments, private investments, and real estate. It has 400 employees worldwide including offices in New York, London, Hong Kong, Mumbai, and Beijing.
History.
The firm was founded in 1994 by Daniel Och with financial support from the Ziff family, founders of Ziff Davis Media. William Ziff's sons Dirk, Robert, and Daniel manage the family's investments through Ziff Brothers Investments. Prior to founding the firm, Och was Head of Proprietary Trading in the Equities division at Goldman Sachs.
The company completed an initial public offering in 2007, listing its shares on the New York Stock Exchange at $32. The firm was one of the few hedge funds and private equity companies that completed IPOs before the market downturn of 2007. The company's stock has declined significantly since the IPO, reaching a 2008 year-to-date low of $4.02. On September 30, 2010, the stock was trading at $14.90.
The firm is reported to have avoided large losses during the financial crisis of 2008 and institutional capital continued to allocate funds to the company through 2010.
Structure.
According to company website, Daniel Och is Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer. 
OZ Management is a subsidiary of Och-Ziff Capital Management. In January 2008 OZ Management, Tokyo Sexwale’s Mvelaphanda (Mvela) Holdings and Walter Hennig’s Palladino Holdings announced the creation of a new joint venture, Africa Management Limited. As part of the joint venture, Africa Management Limited established African Global Capital, as a vehicle for investment in both the private and public markets across Africa, focusing on natural resources and related opportunities. Tokyo Sexwale, founder of Mvela, said: "We intend to build on our already strong foothold in African investments in partnership with Och-Ziff. The partnership with Och-Ziff in African Global Capital will help us accelerate in building the leading African investment firm.” Mvela Holdings is a privately owned investment company founded in 1998 by Tokyo Sexwale, Mikki Xayiya and Mark Willcox. Mvela Holdings is the controlling shareholder of Mvelaphanda Group and has a significant interests in Mvelaphanda Resources.
Criticism.
In August 2012 the Mail & Guardian reported that Mvelaphanda (Mvela) Holdings, a joint venture between Tokyo Sexwale and OZ Management, was behind a USD100 million loan to the Zimbabwean political party Zanu-PF.
Och-Ziff Capital Management Group is one of the companies accused of threatening to block the European attempt to save Greece from defaulting unless they are guaranteed a significant payout. In response, Och-Ziff issued a statement, saying that it did not have a material investment in Greek sovereign debt, nor had it been involved in the debt negotiations.
Palladino Holdings and Mvelaphanda Holdings, affiliates of OZ Management, are connected to a $25 million loan that Palladino lent to the state of Guinea in order to start up a state mining company.

</doc>
<doc id="19537969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537969" title="Vital Mevengue">
Vital Mevengue

Vital Silvere Mevengue (born June 20, 1978 in Douala) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Cotonsport Garoua.
Trivia.
He was long time the Captain from Cotonsport Garoua, in 2005 left the team and moved to Impôts FC. In January 2006 moved from Impôts FC to Beninese top club Lions F.C. Natitingou.

</doc>
<doc id="19537977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537977" title="Chhorambu">
Chhorambu

Chhorambu is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,376 persons living in 428 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19537978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537978" title="Collegians Football Club">
Collegians Football Club

Collegians Football Club ("The Lions") is the oldest club in the VAFA, formed in 1891. Their home ground is the Harry Trott Oval in the Melbourne suburb of Albert Park. 
In 1891, L.A.Adamson established an Wesley College Old Boys’ XVIII which formally became Collegians Football Club in 1892. Adamson, who was for thirty years the Headmaster of Wesley College, was the President of the club for its first forty years. In 1892, Adamson established the Metropolitan Junior Football Association (of which he was President for thirty-seven years), which in 1932 became the Victorian Amateur Football Association. Their 17 "A" grade premierships is more than any other club.
Club Song.
The club's theme song is based on the first verse and chorus of "The Old Collegians Song", which appears in the Wesley College Songbook in all editions from 1893. The lyrics were written by Lawrence Arthur Adamson set to the tune of a traditional Irish Folk Tune, "Irish Jaunting Car", and the later tune "The Bonnie Blue Flag", a song from the US War of Independence. The original lyrics refer to the interim school colours "Blue and White", which returned to "Gold and Purple" at the end of 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="19537990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19537990" title="On Leather Wings">
On Leather Wings

"On Leather Wings" is the pilot episode of "". It premiered on the Fox Network on September 6, 1992. It was written by Mitch Brian and directed by Kevin Altieri. This was the first episode of the series to feature the villain Man-Bat and was also Man-Bat's first screen appearance. In comics, Man-Bat first appeared in 1970. Although "On Leather Wings" was the first episode of the series to be produced, it was the second to be broadcast, following "The Cat and the Claw, Part 1", which premiered just the day before.
Plot summary.
A police blimp is flying over Gotham City. A blip ghosts across the radar screen, then the pilot sees something that looks like bat wings fly past the cockpit window. The blimp rises above the clouds, but they see nothing. We flash to the skyline of Gotham, and see a shadow of a giant bat creature flying past against the buildings. 
The scene changes to outside of the Phoenix Pharmaceuticals. Inside, a guard is patrolling and making a demo tape for a radio ad on a micro-cassette recorder. He hears a crash and goes to investigate. At first he sees nothing, but then a shadow of a giant bat passes over him. The guard is attacked by the creature and drops his recorder under the desk. The guard tosses a chair through the window, and then the bat picks him up and tosses him out and into the river below.
The next day, Commissioner Gordon meets with Mayor Hamilton Hill and District Attorney Harvey Dent to discuss a police raid to capture Batman. Detective Harvey Bullock asks Hill for permission to form his own tactical squad, but Gordon has already denied it. Hill authorizes the strike force, reminding Gordon that Bullock has a reputation for catching his man. Dent promises to put Batman in jail if Bullock catches him.
Believing he's been set up, Batman investigates and finds out there were two similar robberies at pharmaceutical companies. Batman infiltrates Phoenix Pharmaceuticals, alarming two employees, who call the police. Batman gasses the police guard unconscious and crosses the police line into the scene of the crime. Bullock receives the call from Dispatch, and then calls in his special task force to convene on the building.
While the task force scrambles to his location, Batman sprays the room down to search for clues. He locates a set of footprints belonging to last night's guard, and then finds the micro-cassette recorder underneath the desk. He takes pictures of a shattered jar, and examines some sort of hair, but is interrupted by the arrival of the task force. Bullock sends his men into the building just as Gordon arrives. Bullock is sure they'll catch Batman, but Gordon says another pharmaceutical company was robbed across town. Batman escapes through an elevator shaft, but is ambushed by another squad. One of the team members follows him into a room, but Batman silences him. The rest of the squad is certain Batman's in the room, and the leader tosses a tear gas grenade into the room, where it rolls up against some gas cans. Batman grabs his temporary prisoner and dives through the window and swings away as the grenade causes an explosion. Batman deposits the squad member on the ground to be retrieved by Bullock and Gordon, and then disappears into an alley across the way.
The next day, Bruce Wayne arrives at Gotham Zoo, and heads into the bat exhibit, calling for Dr. March. When March appears, Bruce explains that he's there about a possible bat problem, since he keeps hearing squeaks from his chimney. March launches into a tirade against people who treat bats like pests, but his daughter and assistant, Francine, calms him down and introduces Bruce to her husband, Kirk Langstrom. Bruce plays the recording of the bat noises for the Langstroms, but they don't recognize the sounds as a bat. Kirk takes the tape and promises to analyze it.
Batman has decided to analyze the sound himself, but he can't find a match either. March calls at that moment, and lets Bruce know that he has brown bats in his chimney, but they'll leave as it gets colder. However, since Batman has already ruled out brown bats as being the source of the hair, and the sounds weren't recorded near his chimney anyway, Batman becomes suspicious. After running a computer scan of the noises, he decides that March is lying.
Back at the zoo, a shadowy figure is burning the tape and the hair. The figure suddenly begins to suffer an attack of some sort, and takes medicine to stop it. Batman arrives as the figure wanders out of the room, and locates a discarded Phoenix Pharmaceuticals vial. Kirk reenters the room, and finds Batman lurking in the shadows. Kirk tells him they had created a new species, something that was neither man nor beast, and that the creature is now looking for the final chemical to complete the transformation. Kirk then changes into the giant bat and attacks Batman. Just as the giant bat has Batman pinned beneath a desk, Francine comes in, shaming Kirk and making him flee. Batman attaches his grappling hook to Kirk's leg and they both go flying off into the night. 
Batman and Man-Bat crashes into the police blimp's cockpit window, and the two engage in a fierce struggle. Bullock and Gordon arrive and see the giant bat with Batman in tow. Batman covers Kirk's eyes, causing him to crash into a sign, knocking him unconscious. Batman then picks Man-Bat up and flees before the police can apprehend them.
Back at the Batcave, Batman analyzes the list of components that Langstrom used to create the giant bat and develops a way to reverse the process. He arrives at the zoo, where Francine is waiting, and reveals that Kirk is back to normal. The chemical is out of his system, but Batman doesn't believe that this mission is truly over.
Production.
Bruce Timm states he wanted this series to focus on "mystery, mood, drama as well as super hero action sequences" and that Man-Bat fit into those categories perfectly. In an interview, he says, "Man-Bat was chosen specifically the first episode because he wasn't familiar to very many people outside of comic book fans. Nobody had any preconceived notions about him. It wasn't like the Joker, where you had to deal with people expecting him to be Jack Nicholson or Cesar Romero." 
This is also one of three episodes where Alfred Pennyworth was not voiced by Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., as Clive Revill was originally cast in the role.
Although this was the first episode made, the first aired episode of the series was "The Cat and the Claw, Part I", which was likely due to the success of Batman Returns.
Danny Elfman's theme from the first Batman movie is strongly used in one scene.
In the robbery report on the Batcomputer, the Carson Chemicals burglary is misspelled "buaglary".
Kevin Conroy, who voices Batman in the animated series, also voiced as the police blimp pilot who spotted the Man-Bat in this episode.
Continuity.
In Batman Beyond, Kirk Langstrom's formula would later be the basis for Abel Cuvier's Splicing formula.
In Justice League Unlimited, Professor Milo claims to have collected Kirk Langstrom's notes for use by the genetics division of Project Cadmus.
Trivia.
This episode was the first one to feature Batman bleeding. Bruce Timm stated on the DVD commentary for this episode that he and Paul Dini fought with the censors to allow this shot, which was deemed inappropriate for younger viewers.
Producer Eric Radomski says in the commentary that he had a crush on Meredith MacRae, who voiced Francine Langstrom.
Batman answers Dr. March's phone call saying "What's up, Doc?", Bugs Bunny's catchphrase.
Dr. March's line "They're survivors", referring to bats, was similarly said by Batman in Tim Burton's Batman, "They're great survivors".
This marks one of the very few times in the series where Batman speaks using Bruce Wayne's voice. It later happens in "Heart of Steel, Part I".
For the Batman Beyond episode "Splicers", Will Friedle was given a tape of this episode to help him prepare for voicing his Man-Bat transformation.
This episode's opening with Man-Bat's flying through Gotham is reversed shot for shot in the end of the Justice League Unlimited episode "Epilogue" (which was originally written as the last aired episode in theDCAU) with Terry McGinnis. As such, the blimp pilot (voiced by Kevin Conroy) who asks "Did you see that?" is mirrored by a Gotham police officer (also voiced by Conroy) asking the same question as the last line spoken in the episode.
In the Justice League Unlimited episode "Destroyer" (the actual DCAU's finale), Batman (Conroy) say the second to last line (of the DCAU) to Superman which mirrors Conroy voicing the second line of the DCAU.
The opening of the episode is also mirrored in the opening scene of the Supernatural episode "Like A Virgin" with a small plane passenger asking the pilot if they "saw that" flying outside the window that looked like a large bat. Perhaps in respect to this, Batman is mentioned later in the episode.
Reception.
Lon Grahnke of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the episode two stars, but added that his six-year-old son thought the premiere was "awesome". Jim Bullard of the "St. Petersburg Times" wrote: "The episode is extremely well-written and drawn — an unusual combination in cartoons. The result is a unique, memorable style".

</doc>
<doc id="19538021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538021" title="Charlie Sloth">
Charlie Sloth

Charlie Sloth (born 20 August 1987) is an English hip hop artist, actor, TV presenter and DJ who was born and raised in Camden Town, North London, England.
Biography.
In 2007 he won "Most Original Video" at the CraveFest awards Canada for his music video "Guided Tour of Camden", in which he calls Camden High Street "the mile of murder" and describes the crimes of "the Camden Ripper", murderer Anthony Hardy.
Sloth released 'Hard Being Good' in 2008.
He is a DJ on BBC Radio 1, presenting the Hip Hop show from 9pm - 11pm on Saturday evenings. He is also a presenter on BBC Radio 1Xtra where he presents the weekday drivetime show from 4pm - 7pm. Charlie Sloth is known for his trademark show, Fire in the Booth, in which MCs from grime and hip-hop, including Wretch 32, K Koke and Devlin, come into the studio and freestyle on his show.
Sloth won 'Best Radio Show' at the 2012 Urban Music Awards and was nominated for two Sony Radio Academy Awards for 'Best Entertainment Programme' and 'Music Personality of the Year' in 2013.
Sloth's weekday drivetime show is the most listened to radio show on BBC Radio 1Xtra and you can often hear Charlie having funny banter with his female Producer Dellessa.
Sloth also has a weekly Podcast, called the SlothPod which is released every Friday at 5PM.
It was announced on 27 July 2013 that Charlie Sloth would be taking over from Tim Westwood on Saturday Nights on BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 1Xtra, which is the flagship time for new urban music.
Sloth can regularly be heard as a contributor on the Radio 1 Breakfast Show with Nick Grimshaw and on Scott Mills' afternoon show on Radio 1, taking part in 'Real Or No Real' with Chris Stark.
Sloth is also a TV Presenter and he presented Channel 4's House Party series, plus other shows on BBC Three and online.
In 2008 Sloth won "Best Rap/Hip-Hop/R&B Unsigned Artist" at The CravesFest awards in Canada.
Discography.
Mixtapes

</doc>
<doc id="19538029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538029" title="18th-century history of Germany">
18th-century history of Germany

Germany in the era 1680s to 1815 comprised many small warring nations. Prussia finally emerged as dominant. Meanwhile the states developed a classical culture that found its greatest expression in the Enlightenment, with world class leaders such as philosophers Leibnitz and Kant, writers such as Goethe and Schiller, and musicians Bach and Mozart.
Military and diplomatic history.
Germany, or more exactly the old Holy Roman Empire, in the 18th century entered a period of decline that would finally lead to the dissolution of the Empire during the Napoleonic Wars.
Since the Peace of Westphalia in 1648, the Empire had been fragmented into numerous independent states (Kleinstaaterei).
In 1701 Elector Frederick of Brandenburg was crowned "King "in" Prussia". From 1713 to 1740, King Frederick William I, also known as the "Soldier King", established a highly centralized state.
The term "German dualism" describes the long conflict between the two largest German states Austria and Prussia from 1740 to 1866 when Austria finally left the German Confederation.
The Kingdom of Prussia emerged as the leading state of the Empire. Frederick III (1688–1701) became King Frederick I of Prussia in 1701. Since there was only one King of the Germans within the Empire, Frederick gained the assent of Emperor Leopold I (in return for alliance against France in the War of the Spanish Succession) to his adoption (January 1701) of the title of "King in Prussia" based on his non-imperial territories. The title came into general acceptance with the Treaty of Utrecht (1713).
Sweden's defeat by Russia, Saxony, Poland, Denmark–Norway, Hanover, and Prussia in the Great Northern War (1700–21) marked the end of significant Swedish power on the southern shores of the Baltic Sea. In the PrussoSwedish Treaty of Stockholm (January 1720), Prussia regained Stettin (Szczecin) and other parts of Sweden's holding in Pomerania. The Hohenzollerns of Brandenburg had held the reversion to the Duchy of Pomerania since 1472. During this time, the trends set in motion by the Great Elector reached their culmination, as the Junkers, the landed aristocracy, were welded to the Prussian Army.
In 1740, King Frederick II (Frederick the Great) came to the throne. Using the pretext of a 1537 treaty (vetoed by Emperor Ferdinand I), by which parts of Silesia were to pass to Brandenburg after the extinction of its ruling Piast dynasty, Frederick invaded Silesia, thereby beginning the War of the Austrian Succession (1740–48). In 1744, Frederick invaded again to forestall reprisals and to claim, this time, the province of Bohemia. He failed, but French pressure on Austria's ally Great Britain led to a series of treaties and compromises, culminating in the 1748 Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle that restored peace and left Prussia in possession of most of Silesia. When Frederick preemptively invaded Saxony and Bohemia over the course of a few months in 1756–57, he initiated the Seven Years' War. This war was a desperate struggle for the Prussian Army, and the fact that it managed to fight much of Europe to a draw bears witness to Frederick's military skills. The situation became progressively grimmer until the death of Empress Elizabeth of Russia (the miracle of the House of Brandenburg). The accession of the Prussophile Peter III relieved the pressure on the eastern front. Defeating the Austrian army at the Battle of Burkersdorf and relying on continuing British success against France in the war's colonial theatres, Prussia was finally able to force a "status quo ante bellum" on the continent. This result confirmed Prussia's major role within the German states and established the country as a European great power. This gave the start to the rivalry between Prussia and Austria for the leadership of Germany, referred to as German dualism.
From 1763, against resistance from the nobility and citizenry, an "enlightened absolutism" was established in Prussia and Austria, according to which the ruler was to be "the first servant of the state". The economy developed and legal reforms were undertaken, including the abolition of torture and the improvement in the status of Jews; the emancipation of the peasants began. Education was promoted.
In 1772–95, Prussia took part in the partitions of Poland, occupying western territories of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, which led to centuries of Polish resistance against German rule and persecution. To the east and south of Prussia, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth had gradually weakened during the 18th century.Frederick took part in the first of the partitions of Poland, between Russia, Prussia, and Austria in 1772. The Kingdom of Prussia annexed most of the Polish province of Royal Prussia, including Warmia; the annexed land was organized the following year into the Province of West Prussia. The new territory connected East Prussia (the territory previously known as the Duchy of Prussia) with Pomerania, uniting the kingdom's eastern territories. After Frederick died in 1786, his nephew Fredrick William II continued the partitions, gaining a large part of western Poland in 1793.
In 1795, the Kingdom of Poland ceased to exist and a large area (including Warsaw) to the south of East Prussia became part of Prussia. These new territories were organized into the Provinces of New Silesia, South Prussia, and New East Prussia.
The French Revolution sparked a new war between France and several of its Eastern neighbors, including Prussia and Austria. Following the Peace of Basel in 1795 with Prussia, the west bank of the Rhine was ceded to France.
Napoleon I of France relaunched the war against the Empire. In 1803, under the ""Reichsdeputationshauptschluss"" (a resolution of a committee of the Eternal Imperial Diet meeting in Regensburg), he abolished almost all the ecclesiastical and the smaller secular states and most of the imperial free cities. New medium-sized states were established in south-western Germany. In turn, Prussia gained territory in north-western Germany.
The Holy Roman Empire was formally dissolved on 6 August 1806 when the last Holy Roman Emperor Francis II (from 1804, Emperor Francis I of Austria) resigned. Francis II's family continued to be called Austrian emperors until 1918. In 1806 the Confederation of the Rhine was established under Napoleon's protection.
Politics.
From 1640, Brandenburg-Prussia had started to rise under the Great Elector, Frederick William. The Peace of Westphalia in 1648 strengthened it even further, through the acquisition of East Pomerania. From 1713 to 1740, King Frederick William I, also known as the "Soldier King", established a highly centralized, militarized state with a heavily rural population of about three million (compared to the nine million in Austria).
In terms of the boundaries of 1914, Germany in 1700 had a population of 16 million, increasing slightly to 17 million by 1750, and growing more rapidly to 24 million by 1800. Wars continued, but they were no longer so devastating to the civilian population; famines and major epidemics did not occur, but increased agricultural productivity led to a higher birth rate, and a lower death rate.
In the War of the Austrian Succession (1740–48) Maria Theresa fought successfully for recognition of her succession to the throne. But in the Silesian Wars and in the Seven Years' War she had to cede 95 percent of Silesia to Frederick II, the Great, of Prussia. After the Peace of Hubertsburg in 1763 between Austria, Prussia and Saxony, Prussia became a European great power. This gave the start to the rivalry between Prussia and Austria for the leadership of Germany.
From 1763, against resistance from the nobility and citizenry, an "enlightened absolutism" was established in Prussia and Austria, according to which the ruler governed according to the best precepts of the philosophers. The economies developed and legal reforms were undertaken, including the abolition of torture and the improvement in the status of Jews. Emancipation of the peasants slowly began. Compulsory education was instituted.
In 1772–1795 Prussia took part in the partitions of Poland. Prussia occupied the western territories of the former Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth that surrounded existing Prussian holdings. This occupation led to centuries of Polish resistance against Germanization.
Smaller states.
Completely overshadowed by Prussia and Austria, the smaller German states were generally characterized by political lethargy and administrative inefficiency, often compounded by rulers who were more concerned with their mistresses and their hunting dogs than with the affairs of state. Bavaria was especially unfortunate in this regard; it was a rural land with very heavy debts and few growth centers. Saxony was in economically good shape, although its government was seriously mismanaged, and numerous wars had taken their toll. In Württemberg the duke lavished funds on palaces, mistresses, great celebration, and hunting expeditions. Many of the city-states of Germany were run by bishops, who in reality were from powerful noble families and showed scant interest in religion. None developed a significant reputation for good government.
In Hesse-Kassel, the LandgraveFrederick II, ruled 1760–1785 as an enlightened despot, and raised money by renting soldiers (called "Hessians") to Great Britain to help fight the American Revolutionary War. He combined Enlightenment ideas with Christian values, cameralist plans for central control of the economy, and a militaristic approach toward diplomacy.
Hanover did not have to support a lavish court—its rulers were also kings of England and resided in London.George III, elector (ruler) from 1760 to 1820, never once visited Hanover. The local nobility who ran the country opened the University of Göttingen in 1737; it soon became a world-class intellectual center. Baden sported perhaps the best government of the smaller states. Karl Friedrich ruled well for 73 years (1738–1811) and was an enthusiast for The Enlightenment; he abolished serfdom in 1783.
The smaller states failed to form coalitions with each other, and were eventually overwhelmed by Prussia. Between 1807 and 1871, Prussia swallowed up many of the smaller states, with minimal protest, then went on to found the German Empire. In the process, Prussia became too heterogeneous, lost its identity, and by the 1930s had become an administrative shell of little importance.
Nobility.
In a heavily agrarian society, land ownership played a central role. Germany's nobles, especially those in the East – called Junkers –dominated not only the localities, but also the Prussian court, and especially the Prussian army. Increasingly after 1815, a centralized Prussian government based in Berlin took over the powers of the nobles, which in terms of control over the peasantry had been almost absolute. To help the nobility avoid indebtedness, Berlin set up a credit institution to provide capital loans in 1809, and extended the loan network to peasants in 1849. When the German Empire was established in 1871, the Junker nobility controlled the army and the Navy, the bureaucracy, and the royal court; they generally set governmental policies.
Peasants and rural life.
Peasants continued to center their lives in the village, where they were members of a corporate body and help manage the community resources and monitor the community life. In the East, they were serfs who were bound permanently to parcels of land. In most of Germany, farming was handled by tenant farmers who paid rents and obligatory services to the landlord, who was typically a nobleman. Peasant leaders supervised the fields and ditches and grazing rights, maintained public order and morals, and supported a village court which handled minor offenses. Inside the family the patriarch made all the decisions, and tried to arrange advantageous marriages for his children. Much of the villages' communal life centered around church services and holy days. In Prussia, the peasants drew lots to choose conscripts required by the army. The noblemen handled external relationships and politics for the villages under their control, and were not typically involved in daily activities or decisions.
The emancipation of the serfs came in 1770–1830, beginning with Schleswig in 1780. The peasants were now ex-serfs and could own their land, buy and sell it, and move about freely. The nobles approved for now they could buy land owned by the peasants. The chief reformer wasBaron vom Stein(1757–1831), who was influenced by The Enlightenment, especially the free market ideas of Adam Smith. The end of serfdom raised the personal legal status of the peasantry. A bank was set up so that landowner could borrow government money to buy land from peasants (the peasants were not allowed to use it to borrow money to buy land until 1850). The result was that the large landowners obtained larger estates, and many peasant became landless tenants, or moved to the cities or to America. The other German states imitated Prussia after 1815. In sharp contrast to the violence that characterized land reform in the French Revolution, Germany handled it peacefully. In Schleswig the peasants, who had been influenced by the Enlightenment, played an active role; elsewhere they were largely passive. Indeed, for most peasants, customs and traditions continued largely unchanged, including the old habits of deference to the nobles whose legal authority remains quite strong over the villagers. Although the peasants were no longer tied to the same land like serfs had been, the old paternalistic relationship in East Prussia lasted into the 20th century.
The agrarian reforms in northwestern Germany in the era 1770–1870 were driven by progressive governments and local elites. They abolished feudal obligations and divided collectively owned common land into private parcels and thus created a more efficient market-oriented rural economy. It produced increased productivity and population growth. It strengthened the traditional social order because wealthy peasants obtained most of the former common land, while the rural proletariat was left without land; many left for the cities or America. Meanwhile the division of the common land served as a buffer preserving social peace between nobles and peasants. In the east the serfs were emancipated but the Junker class maintained its large estates and monopolized political power.
Around 1800 the Catholic monasteries, which had large land holdings, were nationalized and sold off by the government. In Bavaria they had controlled 56% of the land.
Enlightenment.
Before 1750 the German upper classes looked to France for intellectual, cultural and architectural leadership; French was the language of high society. By the mid-18th century the "Aufklärung" (The Enlightenment) had transformed German high culture in music, philosophy, science and literature. Christian Wolff (1679–1754) was the pioneer as a writer who expounded the Enlightenment to German readers; he legitimized German as a philosophic language.
Johann Gottfried von Herder (1744–1803) broke new ground in philosophy and poetry, as a leader of the Sturm und Drang movement of proto-Romanticism. Weimar Classicism ("Weimarer Klassik") was a cultural and literary movement based in Weimar that sought to establish a new humanism by synthesizing Romantic, classical, and Enlightenment ideas. The movement, from 1772 until 1805, involved Herder as well as polymath Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1749–1832) and Friedrich Schiller (1759–1805), a poet and historian. Herder argued that every folk had its own particular identity, which was expressed in its language and culture. This legitimized the promotion of German language and culture and helped shape the development of German nationalism. Schiller's plays expressed the restless spirit of his generation, depicting the hero's struggle against social pressures and the force of destiny.
German music, sponsored by the upper classes, came of age under composers Johann Sebastian Bach (1685–1750), Joseph Haydn(1732–1809), and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756–1791).
In remote Königsberg philosopher Immanuel Kant (1724–1804) tried to reconcile rationalism and religious belief, individual freedom, and political authority. Kant's work contained basic tensions that would continue to shape German thought – and indeed all of European philosophy – well into the 20th century.
The German Enlightenment won the support of princes, aristocrats, and the middle classes, and it permanently reshaped the culture.
French Revolution 1789–1815.
German reaction to the French Revolution was mixed at first. German intellectuals celebrated the outbreak, hoping to see the triumph of Reason and The Enlightenment. The royal courts in Vienna and Berlin denounced the overthrow of the king and the threatened spread of notions of liberty, equality, and fraternity. By 1793, the execution of the French king and the onset of the Terror disillusioned the Bildungsbürgertum (educated middle classes). Reformers said the solution was to have faith in the ability of Germans to reform their laws and institutions in peaceful fashion.
Europe was racked by two decades of war revolving around France's efforts to spread its revolutionary ideals, and the opposition of reactionary royalty. War broke out in 1792 as Austria and Prussia invaded France, but were defeated at the Battle of Valmy (1792). The German lands saw armies marching back and forth, bringing devastation (albeit on a far lower scale than the Thirty Years' War, almost two centuries before), but also bringing new ideas of liberty and civil rights for the people. Prussia and Austria ended their failed wars with France but (with Russia) partitioned Poland among themselves in 1793 and 1795. The French took control of the Rhineland, imposed French-style reforms, abolished feudalism, established constitutions, promoted freedom of religion, emancipated Jews, opened the bureaucracy to ordinary citizens of talent, and forced the nobility to share power with the rising middle class. Napoleon created the Kingdom of Westphalia (1807–1813) as a model state. These reforms proved largely permanent and modernized the western parts of Germany. When the French tried to impose the French language, German opposition grew in intensity. A Second Coalition of Britain, Russia, and Austria then attacked France but failed. Napoleon established direct or indirect control over most of western Europe, including the German states apart from Prussia and Austria. The old Holy Roman Empire was little more than a farce; Napoleon simply abolished it in 1806 while forming new countries under his control. In Germany Napoleon set up the "Confederation of the Rhine," comprising most of the German states except Prussia and Austria.
Prussia tried to remain neutral while imposing tight controls on dissent, but with German nationalism sharply on the rise, the small nation blundered by going to war with Napoleon in 1806. Its economy was weak, its leadership poor, and the once mighty Prussian army was a hollow shell. Napoleon easily crushed it at the Battle of Jena(1806). Napoleon occupied Berlin, and Prussia paid dearly. Prussia lost its recently acquired territories in western Germany, its army was reduced to 42,000 men, no trade with Britain was allowed, and Berlin had to pay Paris heavy reparations and fund the French army of occupation. Saxony changed sides to support Napoleon and join his Confederation of the Rhine; its elector was rewarded with the title of king and given a slice of Poland taken from Prussia.
After Napoleon's fiasco in Russia in 1812, including the deaths of many Germans in his invasion army, Prussia joined with Russia. Major battles followed in quick order, and when Austria switched sides to oppose Napoleon his situation grew tenuous. He was defeated in a greatBattle of Leipzig in late 1813, and Napoleon's empire started to collapse. One after another the German states switched to oppose Napoleon, but he rejected peace terms. Allied armies invaded France in early 1814, Paris fell, and in April Napoleon surrendered. He returned for 100 days in 1815, but was finally defeated by the British and German armies at Waterloo. Prussia was the big winner at the Vienna peace conference, gaining extensive territory.

</doc>
<doc id="19538033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538033" title="Ernst Otto Wilhelm Taschenberg">
Ernst Otto Wilhelm Taschenberg

Ernst Otto Wilhelm Taschenberg (23 March 1854, Halle - 20 March 1923) was a German entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera.
He was the son of Ernst Ludwig Taschenberg. From 1879, after studying zoology at the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg, he worked alongside his father at the zoological institute in Halle. After his father’s death, he became curator (Kustos) of the Institute’s museum and professor of entomology.
He worked on all Hymenoptera but mainly Cynipidae. His collections are held by Halle University (Biozentrum).

</doc>
<doc id="19538034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538034" title="Bakachol">
Bakachol

Bakachol is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,233 persons living in 630 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538042" title="Baksila">
Baksila

Baksila is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,996 persons living in 796 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538052" title="Aka Adek Mba">
Aka Adek Mba

Adeck Akah Mba (born March 4, 1979 in Batibo) is a professional Cameroonian footballer, who currently plays for Hapoel Acre F.C..
Biography.
Adeck was born and brought up in Batibo where football was very much discouraged by many parents. It was considered by many parents as a game for lazy people but his parents were understanding enough to let him choose his own career. He played for his school teams as a youngster and showed tremendous promise as a brilliant footballer.
Career.
In the season 1998/1999 with Cotonsport Garoua, he played 32 matches, scoring 5 goals and gave 10 assists. His game was very much loved by BFC Dynamo Berlin fans who gave him the nickname "FUSSBALL GOTT." From 2000 to 2004, he played 89 matches and scored 27 goals in Germany. He played in 2005 for Canon Yaoundé and was the captain. In July 2007 he left Canon Yaoundé and move to Israeli club Hapoel Acre F.C. He played for Hapoel Akko for four years scoring 22 goals in 107. He was the Play maker of the team. In August 2011, he signed a four months contract with AC Kajaani. He was instrumental in the qualification of AC Kajaani to Kokkanen. He scored four goals in a game for the first time ever in his career against As Moon.
He joined BFC Dynamo Berlin at the end of 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19538057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538057" title="Bamrang">
Bamrang

Bamrang is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,067 persons living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538058" title="Niue Island Organic Farming Association">
Niue Island Organic Farming Association

The Niue Island Organic Association(Inc.) was formed with the leadership of Mrs Rauru Vakaafi being one of the key vanilla growers in 2003. The main goal of the association is for Niue to become a fully organic nation by 2010. The New Zealand organic certification company BioGro is being selected for certiying farms. The members of the Executive Committee are Hiva Levi, Bill Motufoou Vakaafi, Taufakavalu Tukiuha, Gina Tukiuha, Director EPDS, Director Environment and Director DAFF. NZAID is currently supporting NIOFA in some development projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19538065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538065" title="Barahapokhari">
Barahapokhari

Barahapokhari is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,376 persons living in 428 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538072" title="Saxon XX HV">
Saxon XX HV

The Saxon Class XX formula_1formula_2 were German eight-coupled express train, tender locomotives built for the Royal Saxon State Railways ("Königlich Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen") just after the First World War. The locomotives, which became known as the 'Pride of Saxony' ("Sachsenstolz") were the first and only German express locomotives with a 2-8-2 wheel arrangement and, at the time of their appearance, were the largest express engines in the whole of Europe. In 1925, the Deutsche Reichsbahn grouped these locomotive into their DRG Class 19.0.
History.
The XX HVs were the last Saxon express train locomotives and were the pinnacle of Saxon locomotive engineering. They were conceived primarily for heavy express train duties on the winding and hilly Dresden to Hof trunk route through the "Mittelgebirge".
Its design was related to the simultaneously developed 4-6-2 express locomotive Saxon XVIII H, but unlike the latter it had a fourth coupled axle and a four-cylinder compound engine. Between 1918 and 1925 a total of 23 examples were manufactured by the Sächsische Maschinenfabrik in Chemnitz. 
The locomotives were given new running numbers 19 001–023 by the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft in 1925. The engines built in 1922 were stationed initially in Stuttgart-Rosenstein, those built in 1923 at Frankfurt am Main. From 1925 all 23 locomotives were homed in the Saxon locomotive depots ("Bahnbetriebswerken" or "Bw") of Dresden-Altstadt and Reichenbach/Vogtl..
The engines fully met the requirements of a "Mittelgebirge" mountain locomotive, however its main disadvantage was its high coal consumption on the level. As a result the XX HV only worked the Dresden–Berlin line by exception.
Locomotive 19 021 was destroyed in the Second World War by a bomb, the remainder went into the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany in 1945, but several were not used due to war damage. Until their retirement in the 1960s the locomotives continued to head express trains on the Dresden–Hof and Leipzig–Hof routes.
On the electrification of their main routes the locomotives were retired by 1967. Number 19 017 remains preserved as a non-operational museum locomotive at the Dresden Transport Museum.
Design features.
The boiler was the largest of a German steam engine at the time the XX HV was brought into service and had exceptionally long heating tubes of 5.8 m in length. The grate was of almost square shape and had to be arranged above the frame due to its size. The boiler was used in the Saxon XVIII H as well, with only minor adjustments to decrease its weight which resulted in a heating area that was smaller by 10 m². The boiler was supplied with water through two feedwater pumps that were later replaced by one injector and a Knorr feed pump with preheater.
The steam engine was configured as a four-cylinder compound. The high pressure cylinders sloped steeply between the frame sides, the low pressure cylinders were located in the usual, horizontal position outside the frame. Both pairs of cylinders drove the second coupled axle. To control the supply to the low pressure cylinders there was a normal Walschaerts valve gear which also controlled the inside cylinders via pendulum levers. A special feature was the Lindner starting cock, already well-known on two-cylinder compounds, which could supply additional live steam to the low pressure cylinders when working at over 60%.
Westinghouse compressed-air brakes were installed for locomotive braking. This worked on one side only of all carrying and coupled wheels. Locomotives 19 012, 015, 017 and 022 were later fitted with Riggenbach counter-pressure brakes.
The vehicles were coupled to Saxon sä 2'2' T 31 tenders.
Reconstruction.
During 1963–1965 the locomotives fitted with a Riggenbach counter-pressure brake, nos. 19 015 and 19 022, were converted into trials locomotives by the VES-M Halle trials depot. They served as braking locomotives during performance trials.
The two engines were given new "39 E" boilers of the type designed for the 03.10, 39 and 41. The engine was originally heaving influenced by the dimensions of the turntables available in 1918 and was therefore not optimised for normal running. In addition to changes to the frame, it was modified with new 1000 mm diameter carrying wheels. This increased the overall wheelbase from 11,960 mm to 12,100 mm. New driver's cabs, "Witte" smoke deflectors, circular smokebox doors, a common cover for the steam dome and sand box as well as the arrangement of all pumps on a special mounting gave the engines a very different appearance. Number 19 015 was coupled to a 2'3 T 38 tender from H 45 024. In 1967 both locomotives were converted to oil firing.
In 1970 the two engines were renumbered to 04 0015 and 04 0022. In 1975/76 they were retired and scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="19538077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538077" title="Ile du Golfe">
Ile du Golfe

Ile du Golfe is a long, narrow, 68 ha limestone island in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. Its highest point is 150 m asl. It is part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance as a breeding site for seabirds.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater (134,000 pairs), Fairy Prion (356,000 pairs), Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Black-faced Cormorant. The Swamp Antechinus has been recorded. Reptiles present include the Tasmanian Tree Skink, Metallic Skink and Three-lined Skink.

</doc>
<doc id="19538087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538087" title="Dopo">
Dopo

Dopo may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19538120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538120" title="Garcia v National Australia Bank">
Garcia v National Australia Bank

Garcia v National Australia Bank was an important case decided in the High Court of Australia on 6 August 1998. The case determined the circumstances under which it is unconscionable for a lender to enforce a transaction against a wife. It is considered a very important case in Australian Equity (law), as it continues to be the leading case in spouse-surety cases.
Facts.
In 1979, Jean Balharry Garcia and her then husband, Fabio Garcia, executed a mortgage over their jointly owned matrimonial home in favour of National Australia Bank. Between 1979 and 1987, Jean Balharry Garcia also signed several guarantees. These documents were signed to secure a loan that was made to Fabio Garcia for use in his company, Citizens Gold Bullion Exchange Pty Limited. The couple separated in 1988, and in the following year, Fabio Garcia's company wound up.
In 1990, Jean Balharry Garcia commenced proceedings in the Supreme Court of New South Wales seeking declarations that the various documents were of no force or effect, and void. The trial judge applied the rule in "Yerkey v Jones"' and granted a declaration that none of the guarantees which the appellant had given bound her.
On appeal, the New South Wales Court of Appeal held that the rule in "Yerkey v Jones" should no longer be applied as it had been overruled by "Commercial Bank of Australia Ltd v Amadio".
The appellant was granted leave to appeal to the High Court of Australia.
Judgment.
By a majority of five to one, the High Court declined to adopt the approach taken by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in "Barclays Bank Plc v O'Brien", and instead, held that the rule in "Yerkey v Jones" still applied in Australia. Justice Kirby in his dissenting judgement argued that the approach taken in "Yerkey v Jones" should be rejected. However, the High Court was unanimous in overturning the decision of the Court of Appeal in favour of reinstating the trial judge's orders.
The High Court also held that the law of unconscionability as established in "Commercial Bank of Australia Ltd v Amadio" did not cover the rule in "Yerkey v Jones", and instead, both of these cases were considered as distinct doctrines.

</doc>
<doc id="19538124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538124" title="Uncial 091">
Uncial 091

Uncial 091 in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 30 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of John 6:13-14.22-24, on one parchment leaf (32 cm by 28 cm). The leaf survived in 3/4. The text is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page, in large uncial letters. Letter iota is written with diaeresis. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type with some alien readings. Aland placed it in Category II.
In John 6:23 the reading ("the Lord had given thanks") is omitted, as in codices D, a, d, e, syrc, syrs, arm, geo1.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th-century.
The codex now is located at the Russian National Library (Gr. 279) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19538133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538133" title="Edwin Atlee Barber">
Edwin Atlee Barber

Edwin Atlee Barber (August 13, 1851 – December 12, 1916) was an American archeologist and author.
Biography.
Edwin Atlee Barber was born in Baltimore, Maryland to William Edwin Barber and Anne Eliza Townsend. He entered Lafayette College in 1869 but left before graduating to assume a position as an assistant naturalist for the Hayden Survey. He developed an interest in decorated pottery and rapidly became an authority in Pueblo ceramic art. He contributed several articles to the "American Naturalist" about his work with the Hayden Survey. He returned to Lafayette College and graduated in 1877. Edwin received a graduate degree from Lafayette College in 1893 and began working as curator of ceramics at the Pennsylvania Museum and School of Industrial Art becoming the director in 1907.
Marriage and children.
On February 5, 1880 he married Nellie Louise Parker and in 1883 she gave birth to their only child Louise Atlee Barber.

</doc>
<doc id="19538137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538137" title="Maximilian Leopold Loeblich">
Maximilian Leopold Loeblich

Maximilian Leopold Löblich (born 16 November 1901 in Vienna; died 1 March 1984) was Austrian Entrepreneur, Coppersmith, Engineer and President of Löblich & Co. Kessel- und Apparatebau KG, the oldest heating manufacturer in Austria till today.
Life.
Max Loeblich, son of the railway-engineer and Director of the Vienna Local Railway Company (Wiener Lokalbahnen), Max Loeblich went to boarding-school in Horn, Lower Austria, then finished the poly-technicum im Vienna and became coppersmith master in Vienna. 
1924-1927 he worked as technical designer in a German manufacturing company, before becoming responsible of product design and engineering of Loeblich&Co..
1935 he took over the management of the company Leopold Loeblich Metal Works from his uncle Leopold Löblich together with his brother Ing.Franz Loeblich. The Federal Union of Coppersmiths became under Nazi rule (1938–1945) part of a German craftsmanship representation, in which Loeblich (despite not being a member of the Nazi party NSDAP), was elected as chairman, representing the coppersmiths. After the death of his brother in the last days of World War 2, he continued the business on his own. 
As engineer and designer of new types of heating boilers (welded smoke-pipe boilers, system Rohleder with atmospheric burners (Polidoro, Italy) and electro-mechanical gas valve (system Brahma)) he managed to expand the business amongst the leading producers in Europe and was market leader in Austria's market for gas heaters in the 1950s. In due course, gas became the most popular form of energy for household-heating in Austria and many countries in Europe.
Amongst Loeblich's customers were Austria's federal presidents Adolf Schärf, Franz Jonas, Kurt Waldheim and Thomas Klestil, Hungarian president János Kádár, prime minister Bruno Kreisky, vice-chancellor Alois Mock and Loeblich obtained many public awards.
A few years before his death in 1984 he passed over the management of the company to his son Max Wolfgang Loeblich (b. 1931) and his nephew Ing. Adolf Loeblich (b. 1938), who continued the business and started many international cooperations, distribution and service agreements in the fields of heating and catering systems.
family.
Married to Elisabeth Goetz (1899–1987) Loeblich was father of 3 children: Maria, m. Williams, Konstanze, m. Seiller-Tarbuk and Max. 
KR Max Löblich died in 1984 and is buried in Weidling near Vienna in the family grave, the first work of architect Robert Oerley.

</doc>
<doc id="19538144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538144" title="DIT Faculty of Science">
DIT Faculty of Science

The Dublin Institute of Technology (DIT) Faculty of Science is located on the Kevin Street Campus.
History of Faculty.
The Faculty of Science was founded in 1992, with Professor Matt Hussey as Head of Faculty. He retired in 2007, and the new Head of Faculty is Professor Michael Devereux. According to the Faculty FAQ programmes within the Faculty ""are career-focused and our close links with industry result in a very high success rate for our graduates in finding employment related to their field of study.""
Schools within the Faculty.
The Faculty of Science consists of the following Schools;

</doc>
<doc id="19538188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538188" title="Baspani">
Baspani

Baspani is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,019 people living in 410 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538192" title="Batase, Khotang">
Batase, Khotang

Batase is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,924 persons living in 713 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538195" title="Bijaya Kharka">
Bijaya Kharka

Bijaya Kharka is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,590 persons living in 493 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538200" title="Buipa">
Buipa

Buipa बुइपा is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,195 persons living in 980 individual households.
Buipa Chhiptee.
Buipa, Chhiptee an oldest Rai village of Buipa rural council is situated about 450 miles away from Kathmandu, which is the capital of Nepal. From Kathmandu it takes about 12 hours by bus to get to Gaighat and good four days of walking from there on. Also you can fly to Lamidanda airstrip by small airplane and a day walk into the village. All settlers in Buipa are farmers, where there are 50 houses and around 350 people. Children there grow with an ambition and dream of joining the British Gurkha Army, Gurkha contingent Singapore Police Forces or Indian Gurkha Army. Most of the younger generation leaves the village and only a handful return.
दालोहँछा
१. याक्थुङ् (जेठा) : याक्थुङ तर्फको सन्तानहरू लिम्बु, याख्खा, देवान, आठपहरिया, धिमाल आदि भएर फैलदै गए । 
३. सुभाचा (साईला) : सुभाचाको सन्तानहरू फैलिएर सुनवार, जिरेल्, थामी, हायु आदि बने ।
Sahayogi Primary School
Shree Sahayogi primary school was officially established in 1 May 1969 Buipa, Chhiptee. It was originally started under a large Birch tree in the village main path. The first head master of the school was Mr Subha Ser Rai, who was living locally. At the beginning only 10 pupils (male) started to study at the proposed school and local people funded the salary for the teacher. Now the Nepalese government took over, but there are not enough funds available to run the school at a bare minimum standard. Until 1990 female students were not allowed to study in Shree Sahayogi Primary School. It was compulsory that they supported their family in the farm. Now this school runs for up to year five and around seventy students are currently studying. There are only four teachers including one female teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="19538201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538201" title="Garvie">
Garvie

Garvie is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19538205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538205" title="Chhitapokhari">
Chhitapokhari

Chhitapokhari is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,314 persons living in 406 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538211" title="Chipring">
Chipring

Chipring is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,331 persons living in 263 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538215" title="Chisapani, Khotang">
Chisapani, Khotang

Chisapani is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,276 persons living in 791 individual households.
References.
Chisapani High School in Khotang district was established in 2020 bs. Ishwor Adhikari, who is the second student to pass in first division in the history of the school is now works in Chicago, US. He is trying to approach school officials to contribute some assisitants to bright but financially needy students of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="19538221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538221" title="Chris Jones (gymnast)">
Chris Jones (gymnast)

Christopher Jones is a British acrobatic gymnast that represented Great Britain, achieving a bronze medal in the men's pairs discipline at the World Games in 2005, and a further bronze at the European Acrobatic Gymmnastics Championships, both in partnership with Mark Fyson.

</doc>
<doc id="19538231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538231" title="Saori Kitakaze">
Saori Kitakaze

He first international competitions came in 2004, when she took the bronze medal over 60 metres at the 2004 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships and reached the 100 m semi-finals at that year's World Junior Championships in Athletics. The following year she came fourth at the 2005 East Asian Games before helping the Japanese women to the 4×100 m relay title.
An appearance on the continental stage followed at the 2006 Asian Games (where she was seventh in the 100 m final) and a relay silver medal came at the 2007 Asian Athletics Championships. Kitakaze earned her first global level selection for Japan that year, but her relay team was disqualified in the preliminary rounds of the 2007 World Championships in Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="19538234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538234" title="Deadwood Police Department (South Dakota)">
Deadwood Police Department (South Dakota)

The Deadwood Police Department is the police department for the city of Deadwood, South Dakota.
Department information.
The police department consists of 23 members (including eight reserve patrol officers). The structure of the department consists of a Chief of Police,Assistant Chief of Police, one Detective, one Sergeant, 12 Sworn Officers and an office manager. The current Chief of Police is Kelly Fuller.
Investigations.
All investigations are conducted by the Deadwood Police Department Detective. This detective ensures the efficient and effective management of the criminal investigation function by providing administrative guidance that identifies the responsibilities and investigative processes within the uniform police and reserve patrol sections of the department. The current Detective is Greg Nelson.
Ordinance enforcement.
The duties of the ordinance enforcement officers of the Deadwood Police Department includes, but is not limited to the following; monitoring the flow of vehicles in timed parking areas, issues citations for parking violations such as overtime parking, illegal parking in handicapped, unloading, fire hydrant area, double parking, parking in no parking areas, parking against traffic and other parking related violations. They are also act as animal control and are responsible for picking up stray animals, issuing citations, investigating animal abuse cases and setting live animal traps. This section is also responsible for investigating ordinance violations, complaints and finding a solution for the violation. There department has two ordinance enforcement officers positions.
Reserve Patrol section.
The Deadwood Police Department Reserve Patrol Section is an important part of the department. The Reserve Patrol Officers help to increase police responsiveness, serve delivery and information input. The Deadwood Police Department uses qualified Reserve Patrol Officers for specified tasks and duties that create efficiencies for the department and improve service to Deadwood. The Deadwood Police Department currently has eight Reserve Patrol Officers.

</doc>
<doc id="19538243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538243" title="Chyandada">
Chyandada

Chyandada is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,425 persons living in 637 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538249" title="Chyasmitar">
Chyasmitar

Chyasmitar is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,167 persons living in 412 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538250" title="WHEI">
WHEI

WHEI (88.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Tiffin, Ohio. The station is owned by and serves Heidelberg University.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19538262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538262" title="Damarkhu Shivalaya">
Damarkhu Shivalaya

Damarkhu Shivalaya is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,237 persons living in 602 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538267" title="WKCO">
WKCO

WKCO (91.9 FM) is a freeform radio station licensed to Gambier, Ohio, USA, the station serves Kenyon College. The station is currently owned by Kenyon College.
History.
The first Kenyon College radio station, WKCO, was conceived and built in 1947 by returning war veterans who used their knowledge to plan and build all of the equipment themselves. The original transmitter was replaced in 1961 when Jonathan Katz (’62) designed and built an AM transmitter which was replaced two or three years later by a small commercial unit. In 1972, WKCO moved to a 10-watt FM broadcast. After the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) abolished 10-Watt FM stations, WKCO upped its wattage to 100 watts, where it remains today. At that same time, WKCO expanded its operations in Farr Hall and began broadcasting seven days a week. With the addition of UPI wire services, WKCO began hourly news broadcasts and added a half-hour Sunday evening news program. The station's format was mostly rock, some classical music and regular news broadcasts. The transition to FM broadcasting was overseen by station manager Greg Widen, and the expansion of the station's program schedule was initiated by station manager John Boffa. The 1970s represented a period of significant growth at the station once the FM broadcast capability expanded its listener range to as far as Mount Vernon, the nearest town larger than Gambier, where Kenyon is located. Internet streaming broadcasts were added in the early 2000s and are currently available via the station's website.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19538271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538271" title="Dandagaun, Sagarmatha">
Dandagaun, Sagarmatha

Dandagaun is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,903 persons living in 528 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538278" title="WLFC">
WLFC

WLFC (88.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to North Baltimore, Ohio, USA, the station serves The University of Findlay. The station is currently owned by The University of Findlay.
History.
WLFC-FM is a noncommercial radio station that has been serving the people of Hancock County since 1973. The station was begun by business major Bill Rumbold and religion major Stan Morthart and began operating as WVFC during the spring of 1971. At this point, WVFC was a carrier current station available in some residence halls at 560 AM. On November 1, 1973 this station was born and became WLFC-FM and operated at a power of 10 watts on 88.3 MHz. On January 23, 1982 WLFC began operating in stereo at 155 watts ERP. On Oct. 9, 2010 WLFC moved to a new transmitter site and increased power up to 4600 watts.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19538283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538283" title="Devisthan, Khotang">
Devisthan, Khotang

Devisthan is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,777 persons living in 317 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538293" title="Dharapani, Sagarmatha">
Dharapani, Sagarmatha

Dharapani is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,830 persons living in 535 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538295" title="Crenellated guardhouse, 1846 model">
Crenellated guardhouse, 1846 model

The crenellated guardhouses of the 1846 model ("corps de garde crénelés modèle 1846") were gun-batteries built along the coast of France as the result of a standardisation of coastal-defence redoubts during the reign of Louis-Philippe of France. This standardisation came as an attempt to complete the defensive chain begun by Napoleon in 1811 with his model towers, left incomplete on his abdication in 1814. A mixed coastal armament commission set up in 1841 defined 3 types of work, known as crenellated guardhouses, crenellated towers and model-redoubt with defensive barracks. Along with the construction of the battleship "La Gloire", they represent part of a 20 year trend of French naval and coastal re-armament, to which the United Kingdom eventually responded by building its own steam battleship ("Warrior") and its own coastal defence chain (the Palmerston Forts) during the 1860s.
Crenellated guardhouses.
Around 150 crenellated guardhouses were built.
1.
This sub-type accommodated 60 men and 12 cannons.
2.
This sub-type could house 40 men and 8 cannons.
3.
This sub-type could house 20 men and 4 cannons.
Crenellated towers.
Square in plan, buildings of this size were slightly pyramidical in shape.
3.
This sub-type housed 20 men and had two murder holes sticking out from either side. This sub-type's particular feature was its 4 levels (underground level, two levels of barracks, and a terrace on top).
Model redoubts with defensive barracks.
The model-redoubt is a fort built over a defensive barracks. The barracks is vaulted and thus bomb-proof. Sub-type 1 housed 300 men, and sub-type 2 housed 200 men.
References.
All in French unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19538296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538296" title="WTKC">
WTKC

WTKC (89.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Findlay, Ohio, USA, the station serves the Ohio college area. The station is currently owned by Church of the Living God Ministries.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19538299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538299" title="Heumann">
Heumann

Heumann is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19538301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538301" title="Dhitung">
Dhitung

Dhitung is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,009.

</doc>
<doc id="19538306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538306" title="Dick Rowley">
Dick Rowley

Richard William Morris "Dick" Rowley DCM (13 January 1904 – 18 April 1984) was an Irish professional footballer who played as an inside-forward or centre-forward for Southampton, Tottenham Hotspur and Preston North End in the English Football League, as well as representing the Irish national team.
Early life.
Rowley was born in Enniskillen, the son of a major in the British army. He moved to Hampshire as a child and was educated at Taunton's Grammar School, Southampton, where he played rugby. During his youth, he excelled at various sports including cricket, golf, tennis, sprinting and hurdling.
Upon joining the armed forces, he served at Fulwood Barracks in Lancashire and Tidworth in Wiltshire, receiving the Distinguished Conduct Medal.
Club career.
He played for Andover as an amateur from September 1922, and after scoring a few goals from the wing, he was signed by Swindon Town in November 1924, still retaining his amateur status.
He made his Swindon debut away to Exeter City on 5 April 1926, when he scored twice in a 2–1 victory. His next appearance came a few weeks later, in a 3–2 defeat at Watford. While he was regiestered with Swindon Town, Rowley also made two appearances in November 1925 for the Casuals amateur team in the Isthmian League, scoring once.
In May 1926, he was signed by Southampton of the Football League Second Division, as a replacement for Arthur Dominy who had joined Everton in the summer. He was initially registered as an amateur, but signed his first professional contract in November 1926. 
Described as "a gangly inside-forward", he made his debut at inside left in the opening match of the 1926–27 season. After two matches, he lost his place to Alf Bishop but was recalled, as inside right in October and retained his place for the rest of the season. Rowley soon developed a good relationship with centre-forward Bill Rawlings, as the Saints reached second place in the division by the New Year. After that, the club's fortunes turned and they only managed a further four victories in the league. In the FA Cup, however, five goals each from Rowley and Rawlings helped the Saints reach the semi-finals where they lost 2–1 to Arsenal of the First Division.
Rowley's form attracted interest from several larger clubs, but he remained at The Dell. In 1927–28, he was a regular in the side until December when he lost his place to Charlie Petrie. Rowley was recalled to the side in March, playing at centre-forward, after Rawlings had been sold to Manchester United.
In the following season, with first Petrie and then Herbert Coates being preferred at inside-right, it was not until the end of October that Rowley was once again given a run in the team, this time playing at outside-right. After a few matches at centre-forward, he reverted to inside-right in December, retaining his place for the remainder of the season.
Rowley's best season for the Saints came in 1929–30, when he scored 25 goals from 25 appearances, including hat-tricks in successive matches against Chelsea and Nottingham Forest in September and four goals at Bradford City on 2 November, thus becoming the first Southampton player to score four goals in an away game.
In February 1930, another Second Division club, Tottenham Hotspur made a bid of £3,750 for Rowley which the Southampton board found "irresistible". His spell at Southampton was particularly prolific as he scored 52 goals in his 104 league appearances together with six goals in nine FA Cup matches.
He spent much of his time at White Hart Lane in the reserves and remained at Tottenham until midway through the following season, having scored ten goals in 24 matches.
In December 1931, he was signed by Preston North End (also in the Second Division) for a fee of £5,000, with Ted Harper also making the same move. In Rowley's first full season at Deepdale, Rowley's crosses helped Harper score 37 goals but after Harper was sold to Blackburn Rovers, injuries restricted Rowley's appearances. He was only able to play five times in 1933–34 as Preston gained promotion as runners-up. Rowley retired in the summer of 1934, and was never to play in the First Division.
International career.
In the years between 1929 and 1931, he won six caps for Ireland, scoring two goals against Scotland and Wales.
His international debut came in a British Home Championship match against Wales on 2 February 1929 with his first international goal coming three weeks later when he was one of the few Irish players to emerge with any credit from a 7–3 defeat by Scotland. (Some sources credit Ireland's first goal to Rowley, but the match report confirms that this was scored by Joe Bambrick.)
His finest international performance came on 1 February 1930, against Wales at Belfast's Celtic Park, when his passes helped Bambrick score a double hat-trick in a 7–0 victory.
International appearances.
Rowley made six appearances for Ireland in official international matches, as follows:
Later career.
In July 1937, Rowley became a coach firstly with Lancashire AFA and later at RAF Uxbridge. In April 1942, he was commissioned as an acting pilot officer, with the rank made permanent in June. In October 1942 he was promoted to flying officer and in January 1946 to flight lieutenant. In May 1955, he was transferred to 
reserve with the rank of squadron leader.

</doc>
<doc id="19538307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538307" title="Dikuwa">
Dikuwa

Dikuwa is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,022 persons living in 342 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538312" title="Diplung">
Diplung

Diplung is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,063 persons living in 399 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538315" title="Dipsung">
Dipsung

Dipsung is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 950 persons living in 205 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538321" title="Dorpachiuridada">
Dorpachiuridada

Dorpachiuridada is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,096 persons living in 1107 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538323" title="Dumekoldada">
Dumekoldada

Dubekol danda is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,890 persons living in 355 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538331" title="Dumre Dharapani">
Dumre Dharapani

Dumre Dharapani is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,305.

</doc>
<doc id="19538336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538336" title="NCAA Season 79">
NCAA Season 79

NCAA Season 79 is the 2003-2004 season of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines), which was hosted by San Sebastian College - Recoletos.
It was the coverage by ABS-CBN Sports aired on Studio 23 The Second Consecutive year.
Basketball.
Elimination round.
Host team in boldface.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19538337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538337" title="Durchhim">
Durchhim

Durchhim is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,283 persons living in 629 individual households.
References.
Zone zone in District khotang

</doc>
<doc id="19538344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538344" title="Early Modern history of Germany">
Early Modern history of Germany

The Holy Roman Empire was dominated by the House of Habsburg throughout the Early Modern period. 
The Habsburg Monarchy refers to the territories ruled by the Austrian branch of the House of Habsburg, and then by the successor House of Habsburg-Lorraine, between 1526 and 1867/1918. The capital was Vienna (from 1583 to 1611 Prague).
The 16th century.
German Renaissance.
The German Renaissance, part of the Northern Renaissance, was a cultural and artistic movement that spread among German thinkers in the 15th and 16th centuries, which originated with the Italian Renaissance in Italy. This was a result of German artists who had traveled to Italy to learn more and become inspired by the Renaissance movement. Many areas of the arts and sciences were influenced, notably by the spread of humanism to the various German states and principalities. There were many advances made in the development of new techniques in the fields of architecture, the arts, and the sciences. This also marked the time within Germany of a rise of power, independent city states, and spread of Franciscan humanism.
German Reformation.
The German Reformation initiated by Martin Luther leads to the German Peasants' War in 1524-1525. Luther, along with his colleague Philipp Melanchthon, emphasized this point in his plea for the Reformation at the Imperial Diet of 1529 amid charges of heresy, but the edict by the Diet of Worms (1521) prohibited all innovations. Meanwhile, in these efforts to retain the guise of a Catholic reformer as opposed to a heretical revolutionary, and to appeal to German princes with his religious condemnation of the peasant revolts backed up by the Doctrine of the Two Kingdoms, Luther's growing conservatism would provoke more radical reformers. At a religious conference with the Zwinglians in 1529, Melanchthon joined with Luther in opposing a union with Zwingli. With the protestation of the Lutheran princes at the Diet of Speyer (1529) and rejection of the Lutheran "Augsburg Confession" at Augsburg (1530), a separate Lutheran church finally emerged. 
In Northern Europe Luther appealed to the growing national consciousness of the German states because he denounced the Pope for involvement in politics as well as religion. Moreover, he backed the nobility, which was now justified to crush the Great Peasant Revolt of 1525 and to confiscate church property by Luther's Doctrine of the Two Kingdoms. This explains the attraction of some territorial princes to Lutheranism. However, the Elector of Brandenburg, Joachim I, blamed Lutheranism for the revolt and so did others. In Brandenburg, it was only under his successor Joachim II that Lutheranism was established, and the old religion was not formally extinct in Brandenburg until the death of the last Catholic bishop there, Georg von Blumenthal, who was Bishop of Lebus and sovereign Prince-Bishop of Ratzeburg.
Though Charles V fought the Reformation, it is no coincidence either that the reign of his nationalistic predecessor Maximilian I saw the beginning of the Reformation. While the centralized states of western Europe had reached accords with the Vatican permitting them to draw on the rich property of the church for government expenditures, enabling them to form state churches that were greatly autonomous of Rome, similar moves on behalf of the Empire were unsuccessful so long as princes and prince bishops fought reforms to drop the pretension of the secular universal empire.
The printing press and literacy.
The Reformation and printing press combined to mark a major breakthrough in the spread of literacy. From 1517 onward religious pamphlets flooded Germany and much of Europe. By 1530 over 10,000 publications are known, with a total of ten million copies. The Reformation was thus a media revolution. Luther strengthened his attacks on Rome by depicting a "good" against "bad" church. From there, it became clear that print could be used for propaganda in the Reformation for particular agendas. Reformist writers used pre-Reformation styles, clichés, and stereotypes and changed items as needed for their own purposes.
Illustrations in the newly translated Bible and in many tracts popularized Luther's ideas. Lucas Cranach the Elder (1472-1553), the great painter patronized by the electors of Wittenberg, was a close friend of Luther, and illustrated Luther's theology for a popular audience. He dramatized Luther's views on the relationship between the Old and New Testaments, while remaining mindful of Luther's careful distinctions about proper and improper uses of visual imagery.
Baroque period and Thirty Years' War.
The Thirty Years' War (1618–1648) was a religious war principally fought in Germany, where it involved most of the European powers. The conflict began between Protestants and Catholics in the Holy Roman Empire, but gradually developed into a general, political war involving most of Europe. The Thirty Years' War was a continuation of the France-Habsburg rivalry for European political pre-eminence, and in turn led to further warfare between France and the Habsburg powers.
The major impact of the Thirty Years' War, fought mostly by mercenary armies, was the extensive destruction of entire regions, denuded by the foraging armies. Episodes of famine and disease significantly decreased the populace of the German states and the Low Countries and Italy, while bankrupting most of the combatant powers. Some of the quarrels that provoked the war went unresolved for a much longer time. The Thirty Years' War was ended with the Treaty of Münster, a part of the wider Peace of Westphalia.
The Baroque period (1600 to 1720) was one of the most fertile times in German literature. Many writers reflected the horrible experiences of the Thirty Years' War, in poetry and prose. Grimmelshausen's adventures of the young and naïve Simplicissimus, in the eponymous book Simplicius Simplicissimus, became the most famous novel of the Baroque period. Andreas Gryphius and Daniel Caspar von Lohenstein wrote German language tragedies, or "Trauerspiele", often on Classical themes and frequently quite violent. Erotic, religious and occasional poetry appeared in both German and Latin.
Rise of Prussia and the end of the Holy Roman Empire.
The 18th century history of Germany sees the ascendancy of the Kingdom of Prussia and the outbreak of the Napoleonic Wars which lead to the final dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806.
Silesia.
When Emperor Charles VI failed to produce a male heir, he bequethed lands to his daughter Maria Theresa by the "Pragmatic sanction" of 1713." After his death in 1740 the Prussian king Frederick the Great attacked Austria and invaded Silesia in the First Silesian War (1740 – 1742). Austria lost and in the Treaty of Berlin (1742) Prussia acquired nearly all of Silesia. Prussia's victory weakened Austria's prestige and Maria Theresa, and gave Prussia an effective equality with Austria within the Holy Roman Empire" for the next century.
French Revolutionary Wars and final dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire.
From 1792 onwards, revolutionary France was at war with various parts of the Empire intermittently.
The German Mediatisation was the series of mediatisations and secularisations that occurred in 1795–1814, during the latter part of the era of the French Revolution and then the Napoleonic Era.
"Mediatisation" was the process of annexing the lands of one sovereign monarchy to another, often leaving the annexed some rights. "Secularisation" was the redistribution to secular states of the secular lands held by an ecclesiastical ruler such as a bishop or an abbot.
The Empire was formally dissolved on 6 August 1806 when the last Holy Roman Emperor Francis II (from 1804, Emperor Francis I of Austria) abdicated, following a military defeat by the French under Napoleon (see Treaty of Pressburg). Napoleon reorganized much of the Empire into the Confederation of the Rhine, a French satellite. Francis' House of Habsburg-Lorraine survived the demise of the Empire, continuing to reign as Emperors of Austria and Kings of Hungary until the Habsburg empire's final dissolution in 1918 in the aftermath of World War I. 
The Napoleonic Confederation of the Rhine was replaced by a new union, the German Confederation, in 1815, following the end of the Napoleonic Wars. It lasted until 1866 when Prussia founded the North German Confederation, a forerunner of the German Empire which united the German-speaking territories outside of Austria and Switzerland under Prussian leadership in 1871. This later served as the predecessor-state of modern Germany.
List of Emperors.
Early Modern Holy Roman Emperors:

</doc>
<doc id="19538345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538345" title="Faktang">
Faktang

Faktang is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,968 persons living in 327 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538348" title="KTEC">
KTEC

KTEC (89.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Klamath Falls, Oregon, USA. The station is owned by the Oregon State Board of Higher Education.

</doc>
<doc id="19538350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538350" title="Max James">
Max James

Max James (born 27 December 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He also spent some time in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) with Port Adelaide during the 1970s.
James started out at Port Adelaide in 1971 and was a member of their 1977 premiership team. Known for his high flying marks, James transferred to South Melbourne and made his VFL debut in the opening round of the 1978 season, in the same game as then Essendon player Roger Merrett. Most of his games were played from centre half forward, but he was used in various others positions during an injury-riddled stint in the league. 
When South Melbourne relocated to Sydney in 1982, he joined them in the move but could only manage three appearances. His son Heath James would later play for the Sydney Swans.
He represented South Australia in a total of eight interstate matches over the course of his career, including at the 1975 Knockout Carnival. In 1977 he was awarded a Simpson Medal for his performance in a match against Western Australia.
James ran as an independent candidate at the 2010 South Australian state election in the House of Assembly seat of Port Adelaide held by Rann Labor Treasurer Kevin Foley. In a candidate field of five, James came third receiving 11 percent of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19538353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538353" title="Dopo (clothing)">
Dopo (clothing)

The dopo is a variety of "po", or overcoat in hanbok, Korean traditional garment which was mostly worn by male Confucian scholars called "seonbi" after the mid Joseon period. "Seonbi" wore it as their daily garment as well as government officers did when they out for their private business. There are several speculations over the origin of the "dopo". According to historical documents such as "Seongho saseol" (성호사설), "Ojuyeon munjang jeonsango" (오주연문장전산고), the garment was influenced by Buddhism. The authors claimed that "dopo" was originally monk's robe called, "gwontu" (권투 圈套) which was identical to "jangsam", another monk's garment. 

</doc>
<doc id="19538358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538358" title="Dench">
Dench

Dench is an English surname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19538364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538364" title="Archistorm">
Archistorm

Archistorm is an architecture, design and contemporary art magazine.
Founded by Marc Sautereau (Bookstorming) and Christophe Le Gac (Monografik, Stream) in 2004, Archistorm is a magazine about architecture and contemporary art.
Christophe Le Gac was the first Editor-in-Chief and chose Jérôme Lefèvre (Beauty Flow Magazine) as co-editor-in-chief.
Notable art and architecture critics are still writers for Archistorm : Christophe Le Gac, Paul Ardenne, Stéphane Delage, Jérôme Lefèvre, Etienne Bernard, Juliette Soulez.
Michèle Leloup is the actual Editor-in-Chief for Archistom. The magazine is printed at more than 11.000 issues.
External links.
Official website, www.bookstorming.com/fr/archistorm/

</doc>
<doc id="19538371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538371" title="NCAA Season 78">
NCAA Season 78

NCAA Season 78 is the 2002-2003 season of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines), which was hosted by San Beda College.
This was the first season of Studio 23's coverage.
Basketball.
Elimination round.
Host team in boldface.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19538375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538375" title="The Clewiston News">
The Clewiston News

The Clewiston News is a newspaper which serves Clewiston, Florida, USA, and all of Hendry County and the surrounding area. New and historic issues of "The Clewiston News" are available in the Florida Digital Newspaper Library.
Historic content.
The early years of "The Clewiston News" contain critical primary source data on early Florida, Florida pioneers, Clewiston history, Harlem history, the Everglades, the Seminole Indians, and World War II aviation. The history of the Harlem Community before the 1960s is available through the "Clewiston News". There is no written history of Harlem, which used to include an area owned by U.S. Sugar called Townsite.
"The Clewiston News" historic newspapers contain valuable information on the history of aviation, because John Paul Riddle, a pioneer in aviation training, airplane manufacturing, and airline operations, operated a flight school in Clewiston during World War II. (He also constructed and ran bases in Arcadia, Daytona Beach and in Obion County, Tennessee.) Riddle-McKay Aviation School of Florida, a private contractor for the United States government, built and operated bases, training approximately 26,000 pilots. 

</doc>
<doc id="19538388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538388" title="Peter Karl Holmesland">
Peter Karl Holmesland

Peter Karl Holmesland (24 June 1866 - 1933) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Liberal Party.
Born in Holme as the son of former parliament member Simon Pedersen Holmesland, he enrolled as a student in 1884, graduated as cand.jur. in 1889 and started working as an attorney. In 1892 he was a clerk for Statistics Norway and the Ministry of Finance. He became acting stipendiary magistrate ("byfoged") in Larvik in 1899, and district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") in Gjerpen in 1909. Gjerpen district comprised Gjerpen, Porsgrund, Slemdal, Solum and Holla. Holmesland stayed in this position until his death in 1933.
From 1901 to 1904 he had been a member of Larvik city council. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1913, representing the urban constituency of Porsgrund. He served only one three-year term.
He married Gunhild Løvrak, and their son Eilif Løvrak Holmesland became a jurist and politician too.

</doc>
<doc id="19538396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538396" title="Country music awards">
Country music awards

Country music awards may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19538445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538445" title="NCAA Season 77">
NCAA Season 77

NCAA Season 77 is the 2001-2002 season of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines), which was hosted by Philippine Christian University.
It was last broadcast by PTV Produced by Silverstar Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19538460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538460" title="Eilif Løvrak Holmesland">
Eilif Løvrak Holmesland

Eilif Løvrak Holmesland (25 August 1896 - 1954) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Liberal Party.
He was born in Kristiania as the son of Peter Karl Holmesland and grandson of Simon Pedersen Holmesland, both former parliament members. He enrolled as a student in 1914, graduated as cand.jur. in 1919 and started working as an attorney in Gjerpen, where his father was district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver"). In 1921 he moved to Arendal to work as a lawyer. He became a Supreme Court lawyer in 1928.
From 1931 he had been a member of Arendal city council. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1934–1936, representing the Market towns of Telemark and Aust-Agder counties. He met in parliamentary sessions whenever regular member Anton Alexander was unable to show. From 8 May 1945 to 1 December 1945 he was acting County Governor of Aust-Agder.

</doc>
<doc id="19538471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538471" title="Guillermo Cabanellas">
Guillermo Cabanellas

Guillermo Cabanellas (Jr.) (born July 14, 1950) is a lawyer, economist, researcher, and professor in both disciplines. He is also a lexicographer, and he is the grandson of the Spanish general Miguel Cabanellas. Guillermo Cabanellas received his M.C.L. and S.J.D. degrees from the University of Illinois College of Law

</doc>
<doc id="19538477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538477" title="Sadar Bazaar, Agra">
Sadar Bazaar, Agra

Sadar Bazaar is one of the most popular shopping destinations for the tourist visiting Agra. It is located very close to Agra Cantt Railway Station and is also quite close to both Taj Mahal & Agra Fort. It is also close to the residential area of Mall Road.
Shopping.
Each year, millions of tourists from different parts of India as well as tourists from far-off foreign countries come to Agra for a vacation and Sadar Bazaar is the place most of them come to for shopping.
Sadar Bazaar, Agra is located to the west of Khari Baoli. The market is conveniently located pretty close to the Agra Cantt Railway Station. Sadar Bazaar is a highly reputed market in the city of Agra. The market is a specialty destination for different handicraft items as well as the famous Agra shoes and other leather products. Agra is the best place to buy leather and marble goods.
The market opens at around 11:00 in the morning and closes at around 11:00 in the night. The major activity is in the evening when the streets are filled with locals and foreigners alike, looking for a bargain. The Market has a weekly off on Tuesday.

</doc>
<doc id="19538478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538478" title="Church of Our Lady of Light, Chennai">
Church of Our Lady of Light, Chennai

Church of Our Lady of Light () is a Roman Catholic shrine in Chennai, India. It is commonly called as Luz Church by the locals, which derives from the Portuguese name Nossa Senhora da Luz. Built in 1516 by the Portuguese, it is one of the oldest Churches in the city and its foundation stone marks as one of the oldest European monuments in India. The history of the church dates back to the 16th-century legend of safe arrival to land by missionaries. The church is located very near to the Santhome Basilica, where Apostle Thomas is believed to be buried. 
Although at the time the church was built, the locality was a thick forest, now it is part of a bustling metropolitan area. This 16th-century European-architecture building consists of patterns of Gothic arches and Baroque ornamentation. The feast of Our Lady of Light is celebrated on the 15 August every year. On 15 August, 2010, Church of Our Lady of Light was declared Shrine of Our Lady of Light by A. M. Chinnappa, Archbishop of Madras-Mylapore.
History.
Background.
The historical background of this church is intertwined with the traditional history of Christianity in India. Arrival of Christianity to India is of two phases, where by traditional accounts, St. Thomas brought the religion in the first century and attained martyrdom in Chennai in 53 AD. The second phase is after the arrival of Portuguese in the 15th century. The legends of the Church of Our Lady of Light connects both.
Legend.
The history of the Church is compounded with the history of the arrival of the Portuguese to India. Soon after Vasco da Gama discovered the sea-route to India, the legend states, that eight Jesuit priests left for India from Lisbon with the fleet of Pedro Alvares Cabral on the 9 March 1500 A.D. (If this is the story it is definitely a legend... The Society of Jesus (the Jesuits) was founded in 1540. It was therefore impossible for Jesuits to reach India in 1500.) They landed in Calicut, where three of the Friars were slain on the 16 November 1500. The others reached Cochin, and settled down of preach the good news. A few years later, they sailed down South to spread their message further. It is said, that the Friars were lost in the rough sea and started praying to Mother Mary for their safety. The legend states that they were miraculously guided by a mysterious bright light which guided them safe to land. The Friars that in honour of their safe arrival to the land, built the "Church of Our Lady of Light" (). Although some legends claim that it was common Portuguese sailors who were rescued and not missionaries. The church would later suffer damages inflicted from the fources of Golconda between 1662 and 1673. During the times of Haider Ali's invasion of the city forts between 1780 and 1782, the British East India Company Forces occupied the Luz Parish Residence for some years. Currently this church also governs the Stella Maris College, Chennai. It is located about 1.5 km from the Santhome Basilica where Apostle of Jesus Saint Thomas is believed to be buried. Although now a bustling locale, it is believed that this area could have been covered with mangroves in the early days. The road leading to the church is now named as "Luz Church road" after the church itself.
Architecture.
The existing structure at Luz was built by the Portuguese in 1516. The architecture of the building consists of patterns of Gothic arches, Baroque ornamentation compounded with classical European style. The altars are gilded with silver and gold leaves and the ceilings with powder blue fresco paintings. The building plan resembles the Portuguese style in more than one way. Luz church represents one of the many attempts made by these people to leave their identity in far-off places. The foundation stone of this church is considered to be one of the oldest European monuments in India.
Feast.
The feast of Our Lady of Light is celebrated on 15 August every year which is also the day of Indian independence and hence a national holiday. The day is also as the feast of "Assumption of Mary". The feast is celebrated with a grand mass and car procession.
Prayer.
The Novena prayer to Our Lady of Light is as follows

</doc>
<doc id="19538481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538481" title="Austin, Western Australia">
Austin, Western Australia

Austin is an abandoned town in the Murchison region of Western Australia. The town is located south of Cue on an island in Lake Austin and for this reason was also known as Lake Austin and The Island Lake Austin.
The lake and the town are both named after surveyor Robert Austin, who was the first European to explore and chart the area. Austin initially named the lake the Great Inland Marsh but the name was later changed to Lake Austin. The townsite was gazetted in 1895.
When Austin travelled through the area he described it as "very indifferent" but also added "the geological features indicate rich goldfields".
The town had one ten head stamp mill operating the Austin mine just outside town in 1895.
Transport to and from the town was originally provided by a bi-weekly coach from Yalgoo but by 1898 the railway was extended to the town. 
The townsite is still visible from the Great Northern Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19538486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538486" title="Arctostaphylos pajaroensis">
Arctostaphylos pajaroensis

Arctostaphylos pajaroensis is a species of manzanita known by the common name Pajaro manzanita. It is endemic to California, where it is known mainly from Monterey County. 
Historical occurrences have been noted in Santa Cruz County and far western San Benito County — these may no longer exist. Most of the extant populations are located in the hills south of the Pajaro River Valley. It is a member of the chaparral plant community. 
Description.
"Arctostaphylos pajaroensis" is an erect shrub growing at least tall and known to exceed in height. It has shreddy red or grayish bark with woolly hairs and long white bristles on its smaller twigs. The dense foliage is made up of gray-green, reddish-tinted leaves with smooth, toothed, or rolled edges. They are oval to somewhat triangular in shape and 2 to 4 centimeters long. 
The shrub flowers in the winter, bearing large loose inflorescences of pink to nearly white urn-shaped flowers. The fruit is a drupe about 7 millimeters wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19538498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538498" title="NCAA Season 76">
NCAA Season 76

NCAA Season 76 is the 2000-2001 season of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines), which was hosted by Mapua Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19538502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538502" title="Robert Hopkins (screenwriter)">
Robert Hopkins (screenwriter)

Robert E. Hopkins (21 September 1886 - 22 December 1966) was a screenwriter. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Story for the 1936 film San Francisco. 

</doc>
<doc id="19538508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538508" title="Robert E. Hopkins">
Robert E. Hopkins

Robert E. Hopkins (June 30, 1915 - July 4, 2009) was president of the Optical Society of America in 1973.
Recognized as an expert in optical instrument design, aspheric optics, interferometry, lasers, and lens testing, Hopkins has been characterized as the "father of optical engineering."
Born in Belmont, MA, in 1915, Hopkins attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) under a full scholarship, earning a BS in 1937. He received his MS (1939) and PhD (1945) from the University of Rochester (UR). In 1948, he was awarded a US Navy Citation for outstanding wartime service in the Office of Research and Development.
Hopkins was appointed to the UR faculty in 1945 and was named Professor of Optics in 1951. He led the Institute of Optics as Director from 1954 to 1964, during the time when computers were first used to design optical systems and both fiber optics and the laser were born. He travelled frequently to Ithaca to use an early computer at Cornell University and brought the first computers to the UR in 1955. His lens designs included the Todd-AO lens used for the film "Oklahoma!" (1955). In 1963, he organized the "Laser Road Show" for the National Science Foundation to introduce laser technologies at colleges, universities, and corporations.
Hopkins left the UR in 1967 to serve as President of Tropel, Inc., a company he co-founded in 1953. Tropel became a world leader in customized precision optical instrumentation and is now a division of Corning, Inc. He returned to the UR Laboratory of Laser Energetics in 1975 as Chief Optical Engineer, a position he held until 1982. He also continued to teach as Professor of Optics and as Professor Emeritus throughout the 1980s.
An OSA member since 1937, Hopkins served as the Society's President in 1973. He was a recipient of OSA's Frederic Ives Medal (1970) and Joseph Fraunhofer Award (1983). He was also a Fellow of the American Physical Society (APS), served on the SPIE Board of Governors, and was a member of Sigma Xi, the American Society for Engineering Education and numerous advisory panels. He was awarded the SPIE Gold Medal in 1983. His career has been celebrated by his students and associates in the Robert E. Hopkins Professor of Optics endowed chair and the Robert E. Hopkins Center for Optical Design and Engineering at the UR.
Hopkins was an avid skier for most of his life, a 195 bowler, a competitive horseshoe player in his 70's, and a sometime sailor and golfer. He also loved and respected the natural world in which we live and practiced his conservation ethic on the family property known as Wayland.
He was predeceased by his wife of 60 years, Barbara Ann Barnes, and is survived by 6 children and their spouses, 17 grandchildren, and 5 great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19538516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538516" title="Dolores (album)">
Dolores (album)

Dolores is the sixth album by the jazz/ambient band Bohren & der Club of Gore. This album ranked first in the top 50 albums of 2008 compiled by music reviews site The Silent Ballet.

</doc>
<doc id="19538529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538529" title="American Journal of Medical Genetics">
American Journal of Medical Genetics

American Journal of Medical Genetics is a peer-reviewed medical journal dealing with human genetics published in three separate sections (parts) by Wiley-Liss:
Until 1996 they were one journal under the name "American Journal of Medical Genetics", when they split into Part A and Part B. Part C was established in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19538531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538531" title="Pakistan–United States skirmishes">
Pakistan–United States skirmishes

The border skirmishes between the United States and Pakistan are the military engagement and confrontations took place in Pakistan's north-western territory since late 2008. These incidents have involved the U.S. Forces-Afghanistan Command and ISAF forces, who have been present in Afghanistan fighting the War on Terror since 2001, and the unified Western military command of Pakistan Armed Forces. Most of the exchanges have been indirect and direct friendly fires.
Background.
Since the beginning of the war on terror in 2001 and the subsequent U.S. invasion of Afghanistan to oust the Taliban and al-Qaeda movement, the U.S. has launched several air strikes across into northwest Pakistan to target militants connected with the Afghanistan war who it alleges have fled the country and sought temporary shelter in Pakistan's bordering tribal areas. These strikes have been protested by Pakistan, as a violation of national sovereignty, and have resulted in tense diplomatic relations between the two countries. They have also caused an uproar among Pakistan's civilian population and politicians and have fueled anti-American sentiments. Since June 2004, the United States military has launched dozens of unmanned aerial vehicle strikes against presumed Taliban targets, killing hundreds of militants and civilians. These drone strikes have been subject to heavy criticism from Pakistan, which maintains that they are not the best way to fight terror and that they will have the inevitable result of uniting the tribesmen along the border with Taliban and against the U.S. Pakistan has previously coordinated with the U.S. on missile strikes but the U.S. has since conducted strikes without informing Pakistani authorities. Pakistani troops were then ordered to counter act. Several specific actions developed, although no serious diplomatic spats on either side have been reported yet. The actions are listed below.
Incidents.
Gora Prai incident.
On 10 June 2008, 10 Pakistani paramilitary troops from the Frontier Corps and a Pakistan Army major, were killed by a US airstrike in Pakistani tribal areas, along with 8 Taliban fighters. The airstrike occurred following clashes between Taliban fighters and US troops along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. Taliban fighters had fled across the border into Pakistan, and two US F-15E strike fighters and a B-1 bomber then entered Pakistani airspace and dropped about a dozen 500-pound laser-guided bombs.
Standoff of September 15, 2008.
Pakistani troops fired warning shots into the air to deter U.S. troops from entering Pakistan. It occurred on the Afghan side of the Afghanistan-Pakistan border close to Angoor Ada, some 30 kilometers from Wana, the main town in South Waziristan in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.
Seven US helicopter gunships and two troop-carrying Chinook helicopters landed on the Afghan side of the border, in the Afghan province of Paktika, where US troops then tried to cross the border into Pakistan. As they did so, Pakistani paramilitary soldiers at a checkpoint began firing warning shots into the air and the US troops decided not to continue forward. The firing reportedly lasted for several hours. Local tribesmen also evacuated their homes and took up defensive positions in the mountains after placing women and children out of harm's way.
The standoff occurred less than two weeks after the 3 September 2008 Angoor Ada raid, during which U.S. Special Forces conducted a raid inside Pakistani territory. That incident caused much consternation and protests in Pakistan, with claims of Pakistan's sovereignty being violated.
Lowara Mandi incident.
On 21 September 2008 at 10 pm local time, in the Ghulam Khan district of North Waziristan Pakistani soldiers fired on two American helicopter gunships that entered Pakistani airspace with 12.7 mm heavy machine guns. The helicopters stopped and hovered for a while, before returning over the border to Afghanistan without retaliation. It is unknown if any of the helicopters sustained any damage in this first incident.
Thirty minutes later, two gunships attempted to cross the border again at the same place. Pakistani regular and Frontier Corps troops fired warning shots into the air and away from the helicopters, causing the helicopters to turn back without attacking any targets in Pakistan.
Tanai incident.
On 25 September 2008 Pakistani troops fired on two American OH-58 Kiowa reconnaissance helicopters. U.S. ground troops who the helicopters were supporting returned fire. No one was injured on either side and the helicopters were undamaged. American and NATO officials asserted that the helicopters were flying within Afghan territory to protect an armed patrol. Pakistani officials declared that the helicopters were inside Pakistani territory and were fired upon by "flares" as a warning.
Kurram incident.
On 30 September 2010. U.S. helicopters entered Pakistani airspace after ground troops determined that a mortar attack by militants in Pakistan was imminent, according to the Coalition. Pakistani Frontier Corps troops manning the Mandata Kadaho border post fired warning shots, and the helicopters responded by firing two missiles that destroyed the post. Three soldiers were killed and another three wounded. Pakistan responded by closing a key NATO supply route for eleven days.
Datta Khel incident.
On May 17, 2011, a skirmish between a U.S. helicopter and Pakistani forces took place in the Datta Khel area. According to NATO, an American base along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border took direct and indirect fire from Pakistan. Two U.S. helicopters flew into the area. According to the Pakistani military, the helicopters had breached its airspace. Pakistani forces fired at a helicopter twice, and the helicopter returned fire, injuring two soldiers. Pakistan reportedly deployed two attack helicopters, which arrived after the U.S. helicopters had left.
Salala incident.
On 26 November 2011, 28 Pakistani soldiers, including 2 officers, were killed and the remainder injured in an attack on two Pakistani border posts in Mohmand tribal region by NATO Apache helicopters, an AC-130 gunship and fighter jets. There were a total of 40 soldiers present in the check post and the raid took place at night while most of them were sleeping or resting. The attack was the deadliest strike to date on Pakistani soil by NATO. Pakistan claimed that there was no militant activity along the Afghan border region when NATO conducted the attack. Pakistan immediately suspended all NATO supplies to Afghanistan in the aftermath of the attack. Pakistan later also ordered the U.S. to completely shut down operations and vacate the Shamsi Airfield in Balochistan, which the U.S. reportedly uses for launching drone attacks in Pakistan, within a time frame of 15 days.
The retired Brigadier Mahmood Shah, former chief of security in the tribal areas, said that so far the U.S. has blamed Pakistan for all that is happening in Afghanistan and Pakistan's point of view has not been shown in the international media, so the matter should be taken up by the United Nations Security Council. He has advised Pakistani authorities to shoot down NATO aircraft should a similar event take place in the future, and to keep the supply lines closed, on the argument that the U.S. cannot afford a war with Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19538533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538533" title="Simon Pedersen Holmesland">
Simon Pedersen Holmesland

Simon Pedersen Holmesland (1823–1895) was a Norwegian politician.
He was born Holme in 1823 as the younger brother of Søren Pedersen Jaabæk, who would sit in the Norwegian Parliament from 1845 to 1890. His youngest brother Peder Johan Pedersen Holmesland also became a politician.
Simon Pedersen Holmesland was himself elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1874, and re-elected in 1877, representing the rural constituency of Lister og Mandals Amt. He worked as a bailiff there.
He married Maren Sørine Olsdatter, and their son Peter Karl Holmesland became a politician too, so did Peter's son Eilif Løvrak Holmesland.

</doc>
<doc id="19538539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538539" title="HD 27245">
HD 27245

HD 27245 is a variable star in the constellation Camelopardalis. Suspected variable radial velocity.

</doc>
<doc id="19538548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538548" title="NCAA Season 75">
NCAA Season 75

NCAA Season 75 is the 1999-2000 season of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines), which was hosted by Jose Rizal College.

</doc>
<doc id="19538563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538563" title="Durumagi">
Durumagi

Durumagi is a variety of "po", or overcoat in hanbok, the Korean traditional garment. It is usually the topmost layer of clothing that is worn over "jeogori" (jacket) and "baji" (pants). Durumagi means "closed all around", and is also known as "jumagui" (주막의, 周莫衣), "juchaui" (주차의, 周遮衣) or "juui" (
주의, 周衣). Durumagi is worn not only to fend off the cold, but also for ceremonial purposes.
History.
The origin of "durumagi" traces back to at least the Goguryeo period, although Mongolian influence during the Goryeo period caused changes in its appearance. Not only was the waist belt changed into a the traditional "po"'s short length and wide sleeves were lengthened and narrowed to the style of the Mongolian coat "xurumakci", of which the name "durumagi" is said to be derived. 
During the Joseon Dynasty, the "durumagi" was less worn as an overcoat but more of a housecoat for the noble class, whereas it was worn outdoors by the commoners. In 1884, King Gojong promulgated the unification of clothing for all social classes through reform laws. However, this law was met with much resistance and it was only until ten years later, after the Gabo Reform of 1894, that the "durumagi" became common as formal attire. 
Types and characteristics.
Different fabrics and materials are used in making "durumagi": calico, wool, cotton, and various silks for winter; ramie, fine ramie and silk gauze for summer; various silks and calico for spring and autumn. White, grey and navy blue are commonly used.
Various types include "hotedan durumagi" (홑단 두루마기, single layer), "gyup durumagi" (겹두루마기, double layer), "som durumagi" (솜두루마기, cotton), and "kkachi durumagi" (까치두루마기, magpie) or "obangjang durumagi" (오방장 두루마기, five colors) for children. 
Modern use.
The 'durumagi' is still considered an important part of traditional attire for formal occasions, but a variety of colors and designs are being used. Colorful "durumagis" were given as gifts to the world leaders of the 2005 APEC Summit in Busan.

</doc>
<doc id="19538566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538566" title="Edoardo Contini">
Edoardo Contini

Edoardo Contini (born July 6, 1955) is an Italian Camorra boss. He is the founder and head of the Contini clan, a Camorra clan with its central base in the Arenaccia, that also operates in the Poggioreale, Vasto, Mercato and San Carlo all'Arena suburbs of Naples. 
He is known as "Faccia d'Angelo" ("Angel Face") and "'o Romano", due to his business connections in Rome. In 2001, Contini was included on the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy and eventually captured on December 14, 2007. Prior to his arrest, he was alleged to be one of the most powerful bosses of the Camorra.
Early life.
Edoardo Contini was born in the Vasto quarter of Naples, but his father Augusto moved after a short time in the notorious district of Amicizia, which became the headquarters of the clan. He began his criminal career as a small robber. He made the "qualitative leap" by marrying Maria Aieta, the sister of Mallardo clan boss, Francesco Mallardo.
Secondigliano Alliance.
Contini, together with Mallardo and Gennaro Licciardi of the Licciardi clan, was one of the founding members of the Secondigliano Alliance in the mid-1980s. The Secondigliano Alliance was created with the sole purpose to control the drug trade and the extortion rackets in many suburbs of Naples. Thus, according to Francesco Forgione, president of parliament's anti-mafia commission, Contini built one of the most dangerous and violent cartels to ever exist in the Neapolitan underworld. Furthermore, Italian Interior Minister Giuliano Amato labeled Contini as ""perhaps the most dangerous boss in Naples"". 
Contini is also credited with having revolutionized the Camorra, turning it into a major force in the lucrative drug trade. He is considered to be the inventor of the racketeering string of houses in the Vasto suburb, as well as the common codes used for drugs. For instance, the matches are ""slip"" and doses are ""bra"".
1994 arrest and fugitive.
In New Year's Eve, 1994, Contini was arrested by the Italian police during the New Year's celebrations at the chic ski resort at Cortina D'Ampezzo. He was convicted in 1996 of criminal association for illicit businesses, including clandestine betting operations. Contini was released in 2000 because his arrest warrant expired before his trial could be concluded. Shortly afterwards, he went into hiding while trials against him were still going on.
He is believed to have spent some of his years in hiding in Northern Europe, including Germany. He also maintained control of his clan from hiding, leading a vast criminal empire dealing in drugs, extortion, prostitution, money lending and illegal immigration. In 2005, he was sentenced in absentia to 20 years in jail for Camorra association and extortion. He has also been accused of murder. The Neapolitan daily Il Mattino reported that Contini had begun to recycle money through jewellery stores in Naples. Contini also recycled money through a casino in Venice, where his clan led mainly checks and pretending to change them having to pay in exchange for tokens to use for the game and mask as winnings. 
Contini took extraordinary measures to ensure that he was never re-arrested. To avoid detection, he never left a place for months, keeping fit on a treadmill and watching satellite TV. He avoided using phones or the internet, instead issuing orders through small hand written notes called Pizzini, which he handed to visiting subordinates. In a further effort to evade detection, he only visited his wife Maria Aiata during Christmas. He never saw his two month old grandson. He even avoided sending clothes out for laundry by ordering in a constant supply of clean underwear, never wearing the same underwear twice. His weekly regimen included chicken with potatoes, steak and salad and ricotta cheese with rocket. He never had desserts. In the corner of his room was a running machine, and a 32-inch television with a Sky subscription.
Capture.
After spending seven years in hiding, Contini's whereabouts were discovered through a conversation overheard by police bugs. In the bugged conversation, Contini talked about his low-fat diet and gave detailed instructions on the food to be brought to him by an elderly woman who was on his payroll and whose six children lived with him in the same building. When the police burst into Contini's flat in the outskirts of Naples, he was having dinner with his neighbors. After a failed attempt to leap out into a balcony from a window, he gave himself up and was promptly arrested by the police officers. While under arrest, Contini complimented officers on their detective work by calling them ""brave"". 
The Reuters news agency reported that large quantities of underwear and socks, as well as a wardrobe of designer clothing had been found in the flat where Contini was hiding. The police also found numerous small pizzini in the flat, which they later used to make further arrests. On Contini's arrest, the president of the perliamentary Anti-Mafia commission, Francesco Fragione commented: 

</doc>
<doc id="19538570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538570" title="Peder Johan Pedersen Holmesland">
Peder Johan Pedersen Holmesland

Peder Johan Pedersen Holmesland (4 January 1833 - 1 May 1914) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was born in Holme in 1833 as the youngest brother of Søren Pedersen Jaabæk and Simon Pedersen Holmesland, who would both sit in the Norwegian Parliament. So did his nephew Peter Karl Holmesland.
Peder Johan Pedersen Holmesland was himself elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1880, representing the rural constituency of Lister og Mandals Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He was re-elected in 1883, 1886 and 1889, the last time for the Moderate Liberal Party, a breakaway fraction from the Liberal Party.
He married a Regine Wold.

</doc>
<doc id="19538572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538572" title="Myathropa florea">
Myathropa florea

Myathropa florea is a very common European and North African species of hoverfly. Adults may be seen on flowers from May to September. It is of similar size as the drone fly, but living "Myathropa" are generally more yellow, with two light bands to the thorax, interrupted with a black central smudge. In museum specimens, any yellow colour soon fades to brown after death. Like most Eristalini, "Myathropa" are rather variable in size, shape and colour.
Larvae feed on bacteria in organic waterlogged detritus, often in the shallow rot holes of tree stumps.

</doc>
<doc id="19538580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538580" title="1963–64 Boston Bruins season">
1963–64 Boston Bruins season

The 1963–64 Boston Bruins season was the 40th season for the franchise. The Bruins missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season. Goaltender Ed Johnston appeared in every game, becoming the final goaltender in NHL history to play every minute of every game.
Draft picks.
Boston's picks at the 1963 NHL Entry Draft, which was the first amateur draft in league history, picking 16-year-olds. None of the players picked ever played for the Bruins.

</doc>
<doc id="19538581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538581" title="ReGIS">
ReGIS

ReGIS, short for "Remote Graphic Instruction Set", was a vector graphics markup language developed by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) for later models of their famous VT series of computer terminals. ReGIS supported rudimentary vector graphics consisting of lines, circular arcs, and text. Initially available for the VK100 "GIGI" and VT125 terminals, ReGIS was also implemented in the "40" versions of follow-on terminal designs, the VT240/241, VT330 (monochrome) and VT340 (color).
Description.
ReGIS consisted of five primary drawing commands and a selection of status and device control commands. ReGIS mode was entered by specifying the escape code sequence codice_1, and exited with codice_2. The digit in the first sequence was optional and specified a mode, 0 was the default and picked up drawing where it left off, 1 reset the system to a blank slate, and 2 and 3 were the same as 0 and 1, but left a single line of text at the bottom of the screen for entering commands. The sequence codice_3 is the generic "Device Control String" (DCS) used in the VT series of terminals, and is also used for a variety of other commands.
All drawing was based on an active pen location. Any command that moved the pen left it there for the next operation, similar to the operation of a mechanical plotter. The coordinate system was 0 to 799 in the X axis, and 0 to 479 in Y, with 0,0 in the upper left. In early implementations such as the VK100 ("GIGI") and VT125, the actual device resolution was only 240 pixels, so the Y coordinates were "folded" so odd and even coordinates were the same location on the screen, but the VT240 and VT241 provided the full 480 pixel vertical resolution. The coordinate system could also be set by the user.
Coordinates could be pushed or pulled from a stack, and every command allowed the stack to be used as a parameter, the "b" parameter pushed the current coordinates on the stack, "e" popped it back off again. Coordinates could be specified in absolute or relative terms;
There were four main drawing commands and three control commands;
Each of these commands used the various coordinate modes in different ways, and some had additional parameters that were enclosed in parentheses. Commands could be followed by one or more parameters, allowing continued drawing from a single command. The interpreter was not case sensitive.
Some ReGIS terminals supported color, using a series of registers. These could be set with the s command using a variety of color input styles. codice_4 sets color register ("map") 3 to "r"ed using the RGB color system, while codice_5 does the same using the HSV system. The W command likewise set a wide variety of different styles, mostly for masking, fills and brushes.
Finally, ReGIS allowed commands to be stored into a "macrograph" and then recalled using the codice_6 operator. Up to 10,000 characters of code could be stored in the macros, each named with a single letter.
Sample.
This code enters ReGIS mode and uses the S command to erase the screen with codice_7 and then turns on the visible cursor with codice_8. codice_9 draws a series of lines, first pushing the current pen location onto the stack with codice_10, then drawing three lines using relative coordinates, and then using codice_7 to pop the previously saved location off the stack and draw to it. The result is a rectangle 100 by 10 pixels in size.
codice_12 then moves to a new location, and uses the "F"ill command to wrap a "C"ircle. The fill command could wrap any number of commands within its parentheses, allowing it to fill complex shapes. It also allowed the inclusion of a "temporary write" that allowed the programmer to set the fill style within the fill, and abandon it as soon as it ended.

</doc>
<doc id="19538595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538595" title="Ghitung">
Ghitung

Ghitung is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,515 persons living in 482 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538604" title="Hauchour">
Hauchour

Hauchour is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,473 persons living in 459 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538611" title="Indrayani Pokhari">
Indrayani Pokhari

Indrayani Pokhari is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,589 persons living in 697 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538619" title="1967–68 Boston Bruins season">
1967–68 Boston Bruins season

The 1967–68 Boston Bruins season was the Bruins' 43rd season in the NHL.
Offseason.
In 1967, the Black Hawks made a trade with the Boston Bruins that turned out to be one of the most one-sided in the history of the sport. Chicago sent young forwards Phil Esposito, Ken Hodge and Fred Stanfield to Boston in exchange for Pit Martin, Jack Norris and Gilles Marotte.
Draft picks.
Boston's picks at the 1967 NHL Entry Draft. 

</doc>
<doc id="19538620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538620" title="Jalapa, Nepal">
Jalapa, Nepal

Jalapa is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,351 persons living in 448 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538634" title="Jyamire, Khotang">
Jyamire, Khotang

Jyamire is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,579 persons living in 298 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538642" title="Kahalle">
Kahalle

Kahalle is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,055 persons living in 535 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538648" title="Kaule, Sagarmatha">
Kaule, Sagarmatha

Kaule is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,035 persons living in 373 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538680" title="Richard Morgan (Tudor judge)">
Richard Morgan (Tudor judge)

Sir Richard Morgan SL PC (died May 1556) was a Welsh lawyer, judge and politician of the mid-Tudor period. After achieving prominence as a lawyer in the reign of Henry VIII, he became recorder of Gloucester and also Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Gloucester in the three parliaments of 1545, 1547 and March 1553. He was a notable Catholic supporter of Mary, who made him Chief Justice of the Common Pleas. However, he was soon removed from office and died in mysterious circumstances, apparently suffering from some form of mental disorder.
Background and early life.
Richard Morgan was the son of
Richard Morgan was the second son: his elder brother Dafydd was to predecease his parents without issue. Richard had a younger brother, John Philip Morgan, who was also a Member of Parliament in the reign of Mary. Their family was of the lowest stratum of the landed gentry and Richard turned to the Law to improve his prospects.
Morgan's lineage led back through the Turberville family, to Sir Payn de Turberville, one of the legendary Twelve Knights of Glamorgan, the Norman conquerors of south-east Wales. In the 13th century, this junior branch of the Turbervilles adopted the standard Welsh patronymic system of naming. Richard Morgan's father maintained this, generally calling himself Philip ap Morgan, while Richard's grandfather was Morgan ab Watkin. Richard broke with this system completely, adopting Morgan as a surname in the English fashion. (John still used his father's name as a seond name, and was also known as Jenkin ap Philip.)
The change of names reflected momentous changes that came to Wales in Richard Morgan's lifetime. Hitherto, the feudal lordships established by the Normans still had a reality, especially in Monmouthshire, where the authority of the Council of Wales and the Marches, based at Ludlow in Shropshire, was often ignored. Henry VIII and his ministers tightened up central control in every way, establishing Princess Mary at Ludlow. Under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542, Wales was formally made part of single state with England. It was shired on the English pattern, and Monmouthshire, uniquely, was made part of the English assize system. Boroughs were incorporated and representatives returned to the Westminster parliament. This opened up new paths of promotion and enrichment to ambitious and educated men.
Richard Morgan was admitted to Lincoln's Inn on 31 July 1524. Despite a minor reputation for wildness, he quickly seems to have shown talent as a lawyer. He was called to the bar in 1528.
Legal and judicial career.
Morgan moved into private practice in London. By the late 1530s he was retained by Arthur Plantagenet, 1st Viscount Lisle, the Lord Deputy of Calais. Lisle's subsequent arrest and imprisonment, on suspicion of treason, led to his voluminous correspondence being seized, fortuitously preserving records of his dealings with Morgan. He was successfully dividing his time between private practice, his involvement with Lincoln's Inn and politics in Monmouthshire.
The duties he undertook at his Inn were considerable and onerous. He was auditor in 1534-7, in 1538-9, when he was also butler, and in 1541-2. He was Autumn Reader for the first time in 1542, lecturing on the action of Replevin, unusually using two texts as his source. In 1544-5 he was keeper of the Black Book, which records the proceedings of the governing council. He gave his second reading in 1549 on the Statute of Marlborough.
Meanwhile, Morgan had become sufficiently prominent in his own county to be appointed "Custos rotulorum" - keeper of the county's records and its senior civil officer. This appointment seems to have occurred around 1543 and lasted to the end of his life.
In June 1546 he was called to the order of Serjeant-at-law by Henry VIII, but was not formally appointed until February 1547 due to the death of Henry. By this point he was Recorder of Gloucester, which he represented in Parliament between 1545 and 1553: the appointment probably dates back to 1544. He was also retained by the Duchy of Lancaster, which had large estates in Monmouthshire.
However, as a Roman Catholic, Morgan's progress was not so assured under the Protestant regime of Edward VI. He was sent to Fleet Prison on 24 March 1551 for hearing Mass at the chapel of Princess Mary He submitted to the Privy Council and was released on 4 May with a warning. Nevertheless, he was an active parliamentarian throughout Edward's reign and his legal acumen ensured he was entrusted with important investigative work and drafting.
After the death of Edward VI Morgan joined Mary and her supporters at Kenninghall Castle in Norfolk, in a successful act of resistance to the installation of Lady Jane Grey as queen by the Protestant faction of John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland. He was rewarded for his loyalty by being made a Privy Councillor on 16 August 1553, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas on 23 August and finally by being knighted on 2 October. He took part in the November proceedings against Lady Jane Grey. He became mentally incapacitated at some point in 1555 and was removed from office in October of that year. According to John Foxe and Raphael Holinshed his breakdown was a result of Lady Jane Grey's fate.
Political career.
Parliament of 1545.
Morgan was elected to the parliament of 1545, the last of Henry VIII's reign, by two constituencies. Gloucester's indenture or electoral return was dated 6 January and placed Morgan first in order of precedence over Thomas Bell, the former mayor.
However, Monmouth Boroughs returned Morgan on 14 January. This was a new constituency, returning only one member, and it had held its first election only in 1542. It included the borough of Monmouth itself, as well as the Monmouthshire "outboroughs" of Abergavenny, Caerleon, Chepstow, Newport and Usk. Thomas Kynnyllyn, who was elected in 1542, was still involved in a protracted legal action to get the outboroughs to pay his wages, as they were legally obliged to do, although it was not clear what say they had had in his election. The Duchy of Lancaster owned the manor and borough of Monmouth and exercised great influence over the election, although the burgesses entitled to vote were numerous. Morgan was certainly known to the duchy and favoured by its officials, although it is not known whether he was already retained by it.
At Gloucester, it was customary to send the recorder to parliament as one of the MPs. It is not certain whether or not Morgan was yet the city's recorder: the first evidence of his appointment dates from as late as January 1547. However, Thomas Lane, the previous recorder died on 2 December 1544 - the day after the parliament was summoned and a month before the elections. Lane had also belonged to Lincoln's Inn may have introduced Morgan to the corporation. So it is possible that he had been appointed, at least informally, before the election, and that he was returned "ex officio". Gloucester was the larger and more prestigious constituency, having prospered and become more sophisticated under the leadership of Bell, an immensely wealthy Milliner. Certainly Morgan sat for Gloucester in the two subsequent parliaments. Most authorities assume that he did so in 1545, but this is not certain.
Parliament of 1547.
Morgan was returned to the first parliament of Edward VI's reign, this time second in order of precedence to Bell, who had recently been knighted.
Morgan was increasingly active in this parliament, his legal skills used in reviewing and redrafting proposed legislation. In the second session of the parliament, during 1548-9, he was given responsibility for the bill for fee farms of cities and towns. This was an important part of the monarchy's legislative programme, proposing to release fee farms for three years: Gloucester's had been fixed at £60 in 1489. In the last session, in 1552, he and Robert Broke were given a bill for leases to scrutinise.
However, in this session Morgan seems to have established himself as a useful man in cases touching the status and privileges of Parliament itself. He was also given responsibility for handling an important complaint of Sir Robert Brandling, a member for Newcastle-upon-Tyne. On their way to parliament, Brandling and his retinue were attacked at Topcliffe in Yorkshire by Sir John Widdrington's men, assisted by Ralph Ellerker. The circumstances turned this from a minor episode in a personal feud into a case of parliamentary privilege. Brandling complained to parliament on 15 February and it became Morgan's responsibility to ensure the culprits were brought before parliament. He drew up the necessary warrants and the initiator of the brawl, Henry Widdrington, was committed to the Tower of London. In the case of William Ward, a Lancaster MP, it was the member himself whose actions required investigation. Ward had taken out an action for breach of privilege on his own account, obtaing a writ from Chancery without consulting the House of Commons. The House passed the matter to a committee of Morgan and three other members: Sir Robert Bowes, Sir Nicholas Hare and Sir John Mason. The outcome is unknown. Finally, he was one of three members deputed to handle the replacement of Thomas Curtys, deceased member for the City of London, whose replacement was John Blundell.
Morgan was one of those deputed to the redraft the Treason Act 1551 to make it illegal to say that the king "is an heretic, schismatic, infidel or usurper of the crown." The notes made by him and other members were submitted to the House on 14 March 1552.
Parliament of March 1553.
In the final months of Edward VI's reign, Morgan was commissioned by Parliament, along with his fellow Catholic, Robert Broke, to investigate the Maidstone election scandal. The town had been granted a charter of incorporation in 1549. An election was held for the parliament of March 1553 and MPs sent to Westminster. However, the right of the borough to elect representatives was challenged, as there was no explicit recognition of the right to representation in the charter. The issue was complicated by the developing succession crisis, in which John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland, apparently with the king's support, manoeuvred for Lady Jane Grey, his own daughter-in-law, to be nominated Edward's successor. Maidstone was in the Protestant heartland of Kent: Thomas Wyatt was lord of the manor and the returning officer was Sir John Guildford, the High Sheriff of Kent who was a cousin of Dudley's wife One of the MPs elected was a relative of both Dudley and Jane Grey. Faced with possible malpractice by the Protestant court faction, the House ordered Morgan and Broke to "peruse the charter of Maidstone ... whether they may have burgesses in this House; and in the meantime the burgesses there to be absent out of this House till it be fully ordered." The result of the investigation is not known but can be guessed, as Maidstone's right to representation was not established until 1558, after Queen Elizabeth succeeded her Catholic sister, Mary.
This was Morgan's last parliament. His appointment as chief justice by Mary took him away from his recordership and made him, in any case ineligible for the House of Commons, as he was called by a writ of assistance to serve in the House of Lords in the parliaments of October 1553 and April 1554.
Religious beliefs.
Morgan's detention in Fleet prison makes clear that he was not merely a religious conservative but a committed Catholic. The group around Mary was a particularly strong redoubt of the Catholic faith and Morgan must have known it would be under constant surveillance. However, he continued to represent Gloucester, increasingly a Protestant stronghold, apparently without difficulty. His professionalism as a lawyer made him useful to any regime and this helps explain the brevity of his incarceration.
His religious commitment was certainly not affected by imprisonment. His first will, dated 18 July 1552, was made three months after the passing of the second Act of Uniformity of Edward VI's reign, which prohibited attendance at services not covered by the Book of Common Prayer. In direct contravention of the Act, he asked for a Catholic burial and for "the sacraments of the true and Catholic Church to be ministered unto me according to the just and true institutions of the same."
His commitment included adherence to every aspect of the Marian Counter-Reformation. He attended in person the burning of John Hooper, the Bishop of Gloucester and Worcester on 9 February 1555, which took place in Gloucester - not an essential responsibility of his office. According to John Foxe, Morgan was particularly vindictive towards Hooper at his deprivation. He must have encountered Hooper many times in the course of his work at Gloucester.
Death.
The circumstances surrounding Morgan's death are not entirely clear. The Elizabethan sources were certain that he was punished for his antipathy toward the Protestant faith, in particular his condemnation of Lady Jane Grey. Foxe reports:
The story was repeated, almost "verbatim", in Holinshed's Chronicles and became the accepted explanation of his sudden fall from power and influence. In fact, Morgan was removed from office in October 1555, which was almost two years after the trial of Jane Grey. There is no evidence he ever wavered in his Catholic militancy: his second will, made some time after he became chief justice of the common pleas, still demanded a Catholic burial. Probably Morgan was suspended because of a condition that was believed to affect his judgement or ability to practise as a judge, but the idea that he was driven mad by remorse is likely to be largely invention. It is certain, however, that Morgan and his wife were detained around this time by John Philip, his brother. In November, the Privy Council ordered the younger Morgan to release his brother and sister-in-law, remarking that he had already been ordered to do so previously, although it is not clear whether he ever complied. In his own will, dated 8 August 1557, John Philip makes clear that he and Richard had been involved in property deals together and that Richard's wife was refusing to release to him land that Richard had paid for and he was offering to redeem. This probably has something to do with his detention of the couple. There is little doubt that the brothers had always been on good terms to this point.
Richard Morgan died most likely in late May 1556 and was buried on 2 June at St Magnus-the-Martyr, his local parish church in the City of London. The funeral was recorded by Henry Machyn, a London merchant tailor whose diary gives detailed accounts of funerals because he frequently supplied the cloth and fittings.
Morgan's last will provided for his younger sons, John and Polydore, to shared the lease of Grosmont, which Morgan held from the duchy of Lancaster. Thomas, his heir, was to receive all his other leases of lands in Monmouthshire, including his share of the family home at Ynysgynwraidd/Skenfrith. His wife was given use of the London house, although the reversion was to Polydore. His books were divided among his sons. He ordered a ring of fine gold to be made for Anne, the wife of John Philip Morgan. This reiterated his first will, which said it was for kindness shown him during an illness - possibly an earlier bout of the complaint that finally overwhelmed him.
Family.
Morgan married Mary Bailey or Bayly, daughter of Sir Robert Bailey of the Whitecastle lordship, Monmouthshire. She survived Morgan and later married William Brayne of Littledean, Gloucestershire.
At least seven children of Morgan and Mary Bailey are known, with three sons surviving to inherit property from Morgan.

</doc>
<doc id="19538697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538697" title="Robert Hopkins">
Robert Hopkins

Robert Hopkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19538700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538700" title="BA10">
BA10

BA10 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19538701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538701" title="Frank Taylor (footballer born 1916)">
Frank Taylor (footballer born 1916)

Frank Taylor (30 April 1916 – 1970) was an English footballer and manager who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers and managed Scarborough and Stoke City.
Playing career.
Taylor was a full-back who started his playing career with Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1936. He made his senior debut on 13 March 1937 in a 1–0 win at Chelsea. He played in the same team as his older brother Jack a handful of times, but it was only after his sibling left the club in Summer 1938 that Frank became a first team regular.
He missed just one game of the 1938–39 season that saw Wolves reach the 1939 FA Cup Final, where they lost 4–1 to Portsmouth at Wembley. The suspension of league football in September 1939 due to the outbreak of World War II effectively ended Taylor's playing career. Although he turned out in some wartime fixtures for Wolves, he left the club and playing football in 1944.
Management career.
In June 1948 he was appointed manager of Scarborough, and then became Frank Buckley's assistant at Hull City, also doing a similar role at Leeds United before becoming Stoke City manager in 1952. 
Taylor had the tough task of taking over from the long serving Bob McGrory who had been at Stoke for 31 years as a player and manager. The first act Taylor did was to erect a sign above the players dressing room which read: " Are you 90 minutes fit? It's the last 20 minutes that count – train for it". In his first season Stoke were relegated from the First Division after losing their final match of the season. Taylor's main task now was to gain a return to the top tier but narrowly missed out in 1954–55, 1956–57 and 1958–59 finishing 5th three times. But after an awful 1959–60 campaign which saw Stoke finish in 17th position and could have been relegated to the third tier, chairman Albert Henshall decided that Stoke were going backwards and not forwards and so Taylor was sacked. This came as a big shock to Taylor who vowed never to involved with football again.

</doc>
<doc id="19538712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538712" title="Eric Kwekeu">
Eric Kwekeu

Eric Kwekeu (born March 11, 1980 in Yaoundé) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Sapins.
International career.
He was member of the national team at 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup; he played one match against United States at the tournament. In is his only cap with the senior national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19538717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538717" title="Kharmi">
Kharmi

Kharmi is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,807 persons living in 723 individual households.
Kharmi is located at two hours walk from Diktel, headquarter of Khotang District. Surrounded by Patheka, Jalpa, Nerpa and Baksila, this village split into nine wards geographically and stretches from Tapkhola at the bottom to Rupakot at the top. Tapkhola is the main river dividing the Kharmi from Baksila and is popular in fishing in the region. Due to the topographical variation, the temperature varies widely in Kharmi from snowfall in winter at Rupakot to the temperate weather near the Tapkhola region at all seasons.
Many primary and pre-secondary schools are located at various wards and one secondary school - Kalika Secondary perched at the center of the village to meet the need of the education. A road network already reached to Kharbari, easily accessible in an hour walk from other wards. Most of the wards have electricity access from Tapkhola Hydro-electric project operated in community based scheme. A health post with a health assistant in the village serves the primary health care to the people. Wireless communication network such as cdma and cell-phone are available throughout the wards. Two or three houses share the running water for drinking and washing purpose.
The natural resources of Kharmi is water and forest. A number of streams run within the village that are helping to generate power from the micro-hydro for the public, and to irrigate the crops. Beside this, enormous biomass resource provide feeding to the animal and energy demand in the house for example cooking and heating. In addition, agricultural yield compares to other village and now the cash-crop such as Alainchi, Chiraito and turmeric powder are main economic sources of the people. In this way, the large chunk of economy is driven by the agricultural yield and few is supported by the people who serve in the foreign country.
The population consists of mainly Rai, Tamang, Newar and Chhetri. A good cultural and religious harmony can be seen among the people from various ethnicity. The main festival observed in Kharmi is Sakela, a major festival of Kirant Rai. People from other villages also come to celebrate the festival at Turkha, the 9th ward of Kharmi. Basically Kirant Rai worship and believe in nature and so is a form - Sakela.

</doc>
<doc id="19538726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538726" title="Kharpa">
Kharpa

Kharpa is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,096 persons living in 393 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538733" title="Badgebup, Western Australia">
Badgebup, Western Australia

Badgebup is a small community in the Great Southern region of Western Australia. The town is located between the towns of Katanning and Nyabing. The Badgebup Reserve, north of the town, forms part of the Kwobrup-Badgebup Important Bird Area.
Name.
The name originates from the nearby Badgebup Well. Badgebup is an Aboriginal word which is thought to mean either "place of the wild rushes" or "broad green leaves on a plant round soak". It was initially suggested that the area would be named "Badjebupp" after the name of the station on the Katanning to Nyabing railway line. The town was gazetted as Badjebup in 1923 then changed to Nalabup, and back to Badjebup in the same year then finally to Badgebup in 1972.
History.
A bushfire swept through the area in 2004 destroying crops, sheds and homes in 2004. Volunteer firefighters eventually contained the blaze but not before two homes and three sheds, one containing several vintage cars were lost.
The main industry in town is wheat farming with the town being a Cooperative Bulk Handling receival site.

</doc>
<doc id="19538743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538743" title="Anton Alexander">
Anton Alexander

Anton Alexander (19 September 1870 – 10 October 1945) was a Norwegian educator and politician for the Liberal Party.
He was born in Tvedestrand as the son of sailor Alexander Paulsen (1841-1871) and his wife Anna Andersen (1834-1887). He graduated as cand.real. in 1892, and studied mathematics in Leipzig from 1894 to 1895. Over his career he mainly worked as a school teacher and principal; in Kristiania, Bodø, Skien, Kristiania again, Lillehammer, Drammen and Skien again.
Involved in local politics, he was a member of Skien city council from 1910 to 1914 and of Lillehammer city council from 1928. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament for the term 1934–1936, representing the Market towns of Telemark and Aust-Agder counties.
He authored numerous articles and books. He also assisted in the polar expeditions of Fridtjof Nansen, Otto Sverdrup and Roald Amundsen, as well as Gunnar Isachsen's expedition to Svalbard, with astronomical calculations.

</doc>
<doc id="19538745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538745" title="Potter Fell">
Potter Fell

Potter Fell is a fell near Burneside, Cumbria, England. A number of tarns are present on the fell, including Gurnal Dubs Tarn and Potter Tarn. Potter Fell has four major summits, two of which (Brunt Knott and Ulgraves) are mentioned in Alfred Wainwright's "The Outlying Fells of Lakeland".
Summits.
Potter Fell is made up of four separate peaks, two of which are unnamed. The first unnamed summit (395 m) is reached directly via the ascent from Bowston near Burneside. Further north from the first unnamed summit is Brunt Knott (427 m), marked by a stone triangulation station at its highest point. Between these first two summits is a small pool of water with a wall running through it, which Wainwright named ""wall through a pool"". East of these two summits is another unnamed one (390 m). Further east is the fourth summit, Ulgraves (332 m); like Brunt Knott, the highest point is marked by a trig point. The summit of Ulgraves looks over the Longsleddale valley.
Wainwright's clockwise route starts on the road between Bowston and Staveley and passes the four summits, two named and two nameless, as described above.
Tarns.
There are a number of tarns on Potter Fell, of which Gurnal Dubs and Potter Tarn are the most significant. Potter Tarn is located at the bottom of the ascent to the unnamed summit (395 m). The tarn supplies water to Croppers Paper Mill in Burneside and its flow is moderated by a concrete dam. The present water level is around half of its 1990 level, when the dam was lowered. The outflow from Potter Tarn issues into Ghyll Pool before the stream descends towards the paper mill. Gurnal Dubs is a popular place for recreational fishing and the licenses are managed by the Kent Angling Association. It is located to the west of Ulgraves and south of the unnamed summit (395 m). The tarn is home to a boathouse that was renovated in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19538747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538747" title="Khartamchha">
Khartamchha

Khartamchha is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,387 persons living in 497 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19538760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538760" title="Adolf Ritter von Tutschek">
Adolf Ritter von Tutschek

Adolf, Ritter von Tutschek (16 May 1891 - 15 March 1918) Pour le Mérite, Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, Iron Cross, Military Order of Max Joseph, was a professional soldier turned aviator who became a leading fighter ace with 27 victories. As German air strategy turned towards concentrated air power, he was entrusted with one of the world's first fighter wings.
Early life.
Adolf von Tutschek was born in Ingolstadt. He was the son of Karl Tutschek, Chief Medical Officer to the Royal Bavarian Military Academy.
He attended Saint Anna High School in Augsburg until 1910, then joining the Royal Bavarian Cadet School. After graduation in October 1912, he joined in the "Prince Carl of Bavaria" 3rd Royal Bavarian Infantry Regiment as a Fahnenjunker (officer aspirant). He was later commissioned as Leutnant. He started his field service in World War I with prussian Fusilier Regiment No. 40 in Vosges, but soon was transferred back to Bavarian 3rd Infantry Regiment (from March 1915 on part of Bavarian 11th Division), first as 2nd battalion's adjutant, then as company leader in France, Galicia, Poland and Serbia. In May 1915 in Gorlice, Poland, he was wounded in the foot by hand grenade splinter.
On 25 February 1916, he was awarded the Military Order of Max Joseph for storming a Russian stronghold near Petrylów in Poland (south of Brest-Litowsk) with two companies of 3rd Bavarian Infantry and holding it against repeated counterattacks (10 August 1915).
In early 1916, he was promoted to Oberleutnant. In March 1916, he was seriously wounded by poison gas during the Battle of Verdun. Upon his recovery, he requested pilot training.
Aerial service.
In July 1916 he attended flight school at Schleissheim with FEA 1. In October 1916 he returned to the front flying initially with FA 6b, an artillery spotting unit.
He was then posted to fly single-seaters with Jagdstaffel 2 in January 1917. Over the next three months, he flew 140 combat sorties, made seven victory claims and had three confirmed. His first triumph, on 6 March 1917, was over the DH-2 of 6-kill ace Lt. Maximillian Mare-Montembault M.C. of No. 32 Squadron, who was forced down and captured.
On 28 April, he assumed command of Prussian Jasta 12 based at Epinoy upon the death of its commander. One of the pilots there was future Jasta 52 commanding officer and ace Paul Billik. His appointment was unusual in that although a Prussian raised Jasta, von Tutschek was a Bavarian. On 30 April Von Tutschek allayed any Prussian suspicion of Bavarians by sprinting to his airplane through falling bombs during a raid on their home airfield; he led a flight into the air into a night pursuit of the bombers. He shot down one of the raiders, a FE-2b of 57 Squadron, thus scoring a victory on his first flight with his new command.
His personal aircraft color scheme was ink black overall with a white propeller spinner and a square white background for the Maltese cross tail markings.
In May he claimed a trio of Sopwith Pups of 3 Naval Squadron RNAS shot down. On 1 May Flt. Sub-Lt. AS Mather, on 4 May Flt. Sub-Lt HS Murton, while on 11 May he claimed Flt. Sub-Lt. Hubert Broad, his Sopwith Pup spinning uncontrollably and Broad shot through the mouth. Broad, however, recovered control of his Pup, landing at base and being hospitalised.
Von Tutschek scored his tenth victory on the 20th, a long duel with a SPAD of No. 23 Squadron that crashed in flames.
On 26 May Von Tutschek left for leave, and returning on 26 June attacked two Sopwith 1 Strutters, though the return fire damaged Von Tutschek's Albatros and forced him to land. In combat with 60 Squadron Nieuports on 29 June his engine was again damaged, and he force-landed near Cantin.
He scored 11 victories in July. On the 15th, he downed one of Captain Billy Bishop's 60 Squadron's comrades, Lt. GAH Parkes, for victory number 16. On the 28th, he shot down English 7-kill ace Flt. Sub-Lt. E.D.Crundall of Naval 8 Squadron RNAS (who survived), on a morning sortie. In the afternoon, he claimed another ace, 40 Squadron's Captain John Henry Tudhope (10 victories), who returned to base, damaged.
On 11 July, he was awarded the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern. On 3 August 1917, after 21 victories, he was awarded Germany's premier decoration for valor, the Pour le Mérite.
On 11 August 1917, after victory 23, Tutschek was severely wounded in the shoulder by Flt Lt Charles Dawson Booker of Naval 8 Squadron. If Viktor Schobinger had not intervened and shot Booker down, Tutschek would probably have been killed.
With his lower right shoulder blade shattered, Tutschek took six months to recover and spent the time writing a memoir of his flying experiences, "Stürme und Luftsiege" (Attacks and Air Victories). His edited letters would also appear in print at a later date.
Higher command and downfall.
Returning to active service in February 1918, Hauptmann von Tutschek was given command of the new Jagdgeschwader 2, consisting of Jastas 12, 13, 15, and 19. He was pitched into the challenge of gearing up and staffing a new organization; he expressed his dissatisfaction with progress in his diary. The new unit was short of aircraft, parts, and fuel and faced a numerically superior Royal Flying Corps.
One of his prerequisites was a new airplane to fly. He was delighted with his brand new Fokker Dr.I triplane. He first test flew it on 17 February 1918, and raved about it in his diary "..a tremendous machine climbs terrifically." He flew it to the last four victories of his career, on 26 February, and 1st (a balloon) 6th and 10 March.
On the last day of February, he narrowly survived a mid-air collision with Lt. Paul Blumenbach flying another triplane. Both pilots managed to coax their damaged machines to safe landings.
On 15 March, South African 10-kill ace Lt H.B. Redler of No.24 Squadron shot down von Tutschek. The German spun down in his green triplane (SNo.404/17) out of control. There are two versions of what followed.
One version of his death states when found he still had his wiping cloth tucked through his buttonhole and under his safety harness; as it was his habit to wipe his goggles clean going into battle, it was deduced he had been caught unaware.
A second version, less likely, claimed that one of Redler's bullets creased Tutschek's head and that the wound caused him to land. He supposedly waved to his wingmen as they circled, but was later found dead next to his plane.
His tally of 27 victories (24 with Jasta 12 or JG 2) would amount to a quarter of his parent Jasta 12's 104 victories.

</doc>
<doc id="19538769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538769" title="Karl Akre">
Karl Akre

Karl Edvard Pedersen Akre (26 March 1840 – 14 March 1912) was a Norwegian educator and politician for the Liberal Party.
He was born in Alta, and graduated as a teacher from Tromsø Seminary in 1862. He started working as a teacher in Kjelvik, but moved to Vadsø in 1865. At the primary school there, he advanced from second teacher to first teacher in 1884 and headmaster in 1911.
With minor interruptions he was a member of Vadsø city council from 1869 to 1910, and also chaired the school board. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1885, representing the urban constituency of "Hammerfest, Vardø og Vadsø". He served only one three-year term 1886–1889.
Akre was a co-founder of the newspaper "Finmarkens Amtstidende" in 1871. His ortography was ahead of its time, and reminiscient of the 1907 standard of Riksmål (Dano-Norwegian). He was also a supporter of Landsmål, and founded the Landsmål publication "Finnmarkingen" together with Ananias J. Brune in July 1875. This was the northernmost Landsmål publication in Norway, however it only lasted for two issues. Later, in 1877, Akre publicly supported the Finnish language newspaper for the minority in Finnmark, "Ruijan Suomenkielinen Lehti". Akre had been a teacher for Kven people in Alta, and was one of the few Norwegians who publicly supported the newspaper's existence. Akre was also a temperance activist, presiding over the meeting that founded the DNGTO (a splinter of IOGT) in June 1888. He died in March 1912 in Vadsø.

</doc>
<doc id="19538773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538773" title="17 Camelopardalis">
17 Camelopardalis

17 Camelopardalis is suspected small amplitude variable red giant in the constellation Camelopardalis.

</doc>
<doc id="19538774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538774" title="Royal Danish Army Officers Academy">
Royal Danish Army Officers Academy

The Royal Danish Army Academy (known in Denmark as "Hærens Officersskole") educates and commissions all officers for the Royal Danish Army. The Army Academy function was initiated in 1713 by request of King Frederick IV on inspiration from the Naval Academy.
Location.
The army academy is located on Frederiksberg Palace in central Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="19538781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538781" title="Amédée Despans-Cubières">
Amédée Despans-Cubières

General Amédée Louis de Cubières (4 March 1786, Paris - 6 August 1853, Paris), known as Despans-Cubières, was a French general and politician.
Life.
Youth.
He was the illegitimate son of marquis Louis Pierre de Cubières (page to Louis XV and squire to Louis XVI then, in 1815, of Louis XVIII) by Madame Guesnon de Bonneuil (née Michelle Sentuary). As a child he played the role of Love at a festival given at the Hermitage at Versailles by his father and mother in honour of Marie-Antoinette. Aged 6, Amédée Despans-Cubières was briefly imprisoned with his family in the prison des Récollets of Versailles after the day of 10 August 1792, before he was made one of the "enfants de la liberté" raised by the state at the former abbey of Saint-Martin, before being welcomed into the Jordan family. In 1803, at the request of his mother Madame de Bonneuil, he was adopted by his father and took his name.
First Empire.
Placed in the prytanée at Saint-Cyr, he entered the army as a private in the 1st Cuirassier Regiment in 1803 and entering the military school at Fontainebleau on 23 October 1804, leaving it as a sous-lieutenant in the 15th Regiment of the Line. He served in that regiment in the Austerlitz, Prussian and Polish campaigns, being mentioned in despatches at Austerlitz and wounded at Jena (1806). Promoted to lieutenant on 30 November 1806 he received the cross of the Légion d'honneur at Eylau (1807).
Aide-de-camp to general Morand (from 12 January 1808), he followed him in the Austrian campaign of 1809, the French invasion of Russia in 1812 and the 1813 German campaign. He fought with distinction at Eckmühl and rose to captain at Essling (7 June 1809). He assisted at the battle of Wagram (6 July 1809) and had three horses shot from under him at the battle of Borodino. Napoleon I of France made him an officer of the Légion d’honneur in reward for his good conduct in the 1813 campaign, in which he had become chef de bataillon (promoted 3 October 1813). On 19 November 1813, he was made colonel of the 18th Light Infantry Regiment. Also in 1813 he married the novelist Aglaé Buffaut, daughter of his own half-sister Marie-Michelle Guesnon de Bonneuil, at first vicomtesse du Bouzet de Marin then Madame Philippe Buffaut.
On Napoleon's return from Elba in 1815, colonel de Cubières was made colonel "à la suite" to the 1st Light Infantry Regiment, of which the titular colonel was Beurnonville. According to Jolyet, Napoleon reviewed this regiment on the day after his arrival back in Paris on 21 March and asked who was its commander. Cubières replied "Sir, it is colonel de Beurnonville ; but he is ill." Napoleon replied "Beurnonville is not sick - it is you, colonel Cubières, who shall nevertheless take command of the 1st Light Infantry". Cubières wished to decline, but Napoleon did not give him time to do so. Although devoted to Napoleon, Cubières demanded his soldiers to come out against the Acte additionnel aux constitutions de l’Empire, to mark the need for a liberal and reforming government. The 1st Light Infantry was thus the only regiment to vote against it. In 1815, Despans-Cubières fought with his regiment at Waterloo and was wounded at Quatre-Bras and at Mont-Saint-Jean.
Bourbon Restoration.
According to Jolyet, Cubières was "the most valiant soldier and the best man-of-war that I have known. With this brought a remarkable beauty, a brilliant spirit, a generous and independent love". One of the army's staff writing reports for the army dismissals after the Hundred Days stated that he had "an agreeable physique, [was very instructive, an excellent colonel, served with zeal and loyalty, excellent conduct" and decided that he was to be kept on in the Bourbon army. Despite that praise he lost his commission after the Hundred Days, but his father's influence at court allowed him to obtain the general receipt of the Meuse département and the cross of the Order of Saint Louis (1820). He returned to the army for the Spanish Civil War of 1823, and was put at the head of the 27th Regiment of Line Infantry. He also went on the Morea expedition with his regiment and received the brevet of maréchal de camp (27 February 1829).
July Monarchy.
Promoted to commander of the Légion d’honneur (21 March 1831), he was made commander-in-chief of the French troops landed at Ancona in the Papal States (9 February 1832) to occupy the town in reprisal for Austrian intervention at Bologna. Returning to France in 1837 with the rank of lieutenant-general, he next became Minister for War in the 1839 transitional government (31 March-13 May 1839) then in Adolphe Thiers's second cabinet (1 March-29 October 1840). He attached his name to Paris's fortifications, to the decision to write a history of all France's regiments since Francis I and to the organisation of the chasseurs of Vincennes. Made a peer of France on 7 November 1839, he took part in the discussions of the Chambre des pairs on taxes and roads before being raised to grand officer of the Légion d’honneur on 27 April 1840.
The Teste-Cubières scandal.
After leaving the army, general Despans-Cubières was compromised in the Teste-Cubières affair, one of the worst scandals of the July Monarchy. Despans-Cubières had bought 159000 shares (7% of the capital) in a business which, under the "concession de Gouhenans", had won authorisation to exploit the coal deposits in Gouhenans and the surrounding area. In searching for coal seams, the business had discovered a seam of rock salt and it demanded that it be given the concession to mine this, but was refused. Despite this, the business started extracting and selling the salt. One of its associates, Parmentier, was imprisoned and fined 500 francs and the salt mine was closed on 5 February 1835.
On 24 April 1841, the business again demanded the salt concession. General Despans-Cubières proposed to buy the authorisation demanded from the minister for public works, Jean-Baptiste Teste, and in an 1842 letter to his associates indicated "There is no hesitation on the means by which we should create a supporter within the council ministers. I have the means of arriving at this supporter, and it is up to you to provide the means of interesting him [...] Do not forget that the government is in the hands of greedy and corrupt men." Teste accepted a bribe of 94,000 francs from the company. In the meantime, the 1844 novel "The Count of Monte Cristo" was published - according to Librairie Générale Française (1995), its character of Fernand Mondego was inspired by general Despans-Cubières.
The affair came to light in May 1847 during the trial of the associates of the mining company before the Seine civil tribunal. The company director, Parmentier, submitted in his defence several pieces of correspondence from general Despans-Cubières evoking bribery. The affair received massive publicity and the scandal echoed throughout government. The king decided to move the case to be tried before the Chambre des pairs. On 8 July 1847, Teste, Despans-Cubières, Parmentier and a certain Pellapra (former receiver-general who had served as intermediary) were brought before the high court on corruption charges and on 17 July general Despans-Cubières was condemned to civic degradation and a fine of 10,000 francs. Even so, on 17 August 1852 he won a decree of rehabilitation at the court of appeal at Rouen. Allowed to retire as a général de division on 1 January 1853, he died a few months later.

</doc>
<doc id="19538783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538783" title="Football at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Football at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Football at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Saudi Arabia from April 9 to April 20, 2005.
Squads.
While some of the other countries used their full A national teams, other countries, such as Algeria sent their Under-23 team to the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19538784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538784" title="Myathropa">
Myathropa

Myathropa is a very common European and North African genus of hoverfly. Adults may be seen on flowers from May to September. Larvae feed on bacteria in organic waterlogged detritus, often in the shallow rot holes of tree stumps.

</doc>
<doc id="19538823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538823" title="Paul Andreas Jetmundsen Aklestad">
Paul Andreas Jetmundsen Aklestad

Paul Andreas Jetmundsen Aklestad (18 December 1837–1924) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
Born in Hjørundfjord, he worked as a teacher from 1854 to 1861, and then as a farmer in Hjørundfjord. He was also director of the local savings bank, municipal treasurer and county auditor. He was a member of Hjørundfjord municipal council from 1866 to 1910. He served as mayor for thirty years, although the exact years are unknown. For an unknown period he was a member of the county committee, a forerunner of the county council. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from the constituency Romsdals Amt in 1889, and was re-elected on six consecutive occasions. His last term ended in 1909. His foremost concern was that of public saving instead of expenditure, in the vein of Søren Jaabæk.
In June 1861 he married Berte Johanne Olsdatter Skylstad (1840–1922), who hailed from a nearby farm in Hjørundfjord. They got several children.

</doc>
<doc id="19538843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538843" title="Frederick Anson">
Frederick Anson

The Revd Frederick Anson (1811-1885), a fellow of All Souls College, Oxford, served as Canon of St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. As such, he was Canon to Queen Victoria. He was married to Caroline Maria, daughter of George John Venables-Vernon, 5th Baron Vernon of Sudbury Hall.
Anson was the son of the Very Reverend Frederick Anson (1779-1867), Dean of Chester, son of George Anson and the Honourable Mary Vernon, daughter of George Venables-Vernon, 1st Baron Vernon. George Edward Anson was his brother. His father was born at the family home Shugborough Hall in Staffordshire. He married Mary Anne Levett, only daughter of Reverend Richard Levett and Louisa Frances (Bagot) of Milford Hall, Staffordshire.
Anson was named Canon of St. George's Chapel on Dec. 30, 1844, by the Queen. In addition to serving as Canon of Windsor, Revd Frederick Anson also served as Rector of Sudbury, Derbyshire, the home of his wife's family. Rev. Anson lived at the Horseshoe Cloister, Windsor Castle, and at the Rectory in Sudbury. Rev. Anson is memorialized at St. George's Chapel in the font in the south aisle of the nave, fashioned in alabaster with a marble base.
Anson's brother George Edward Anson served as Keeper of the Privy Purse to Her Majesty, Treasurer of the Royal Household to HRH Prince Albert, Treasurer and Cofferer of the Household of HRH the Prince of Wales, a member of the Council for the Duchy of Lancaster and the Prince of Wales's Council for the Duchy of Cornwall. Anson served as private secretary to Prince Albert for many years and was frequently employed on diplomatic missions for the Royal family.
Anson's brother the Revd Arthur Henry Anson, rector of Potterhanworth, Lincolnshire, married Augusta Theresa Tufnell daughter of Anne Augusta Wilmot-Horton of Catton Hall, Walton-upon-Trent,
South Derbyshire. The Neilson family, descendants of the Anson-Horton family, today live at Catton Hall.
Anson's son was Revd Alfred William Anson, born at Windsor Castle and educated at Oxford University. Rev. Alfred Anson was the uncle of William Temple, Archbishop of York and Archbishop of Canterbury. Rev. Alfred Anson moved to America and became an Episcopal priest, serving as Rector of Christ Episcopal Church in Martinsville, Virginia from January 15, 1894 until 1920. Alfred Anson, son of Rev. Frederick, is buried at Oakwood Cemetery in Martinsville. Rev. Anson's daughter married Thomas G. Burch, a local businessman who served as United States Senator after Senator Carter Glass died while in office.

</doc>
<doc id="19538858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538858" title="Sunrise in Different Dimensions">
Sunrise in Different Dimensions

Sunrise in Different Dimensions is a 1980 live jazz album by the Sun Ra Arkestra documenting a concert at the Gasthof Morhen in Willisau, Switzerland from February 24, 1980. The album intermingles a variety of Sun Ra originals with covers of jazz standards.
Critical response.
Critical response to the album has been largely positive, with some dissent. In a 1983 review of the album, "The Boston Globe" described it as a "tour de force", "one of Sun Ra's best." Scott Yanow in his Allmusic review characterized it as "one of the better examples of Ra's late-period band." Ajay Heble, author of "Landing on the Wrong Note: Jazz, Dissonance, and Critical Practice", indicates that the album ""does" seem to me to do justice to the energy of Ra's performances." The album is featured in the 2000 book "The Essential Jazz Records: Modernism to Postmodernism", where contributor Eric Thacker indicates that it is the cover songs that establish the record's "value as a breathless and windswept view astern from a supersonic jazz roadster's dickey-seat". Fred Kaplan, in "Slate", described Sun Ra's arrangements here of Duke Ellington, Coleman Hawkins and Jelly Roll Morton as "inspired". But critic Stanley Crouch finds the band in this performance "woefully out of tune and botching the leader's arrangements".
Music.
Jazz critic Scott Yanow describes the Sun Ra originals here as "diverse and generally adventurous", while describing the ensemble covers as "ragged and eccentric". Among the songs singled out from the track list for special examination in "Landing on the Wrong Note" are "Light from a Hidden Sun" and "Big John's Special". Heble points out the alterations Sun Ra makes to the latter, which expand the big band sound, and suggests that Sun Ra's homage to the jazz composer Horace Henderson is part of Sun Ra's attempt to "reclaim" the "misrepresented history" of swing music, which had become associated with white musicians following the popularity of Benny Goodman. He draws attention to the Sun Ra piano solo "Light from a Hidden Sun" as exemplifying "the range and scope of Sun Ra's musical vision", adding that "there's beauty and elegance here, a compelling sense of swing, too, even in the freest moments."
"The Essential Jazz Records" describes as "unevocative" and "unreflective" "Cocktails for Two" and "'Round Midnight", though it indicates that the latter is "brisk and sharp-edged", with "a strong ensemble confidence." Thacker finds "Lady Bird/Half Nelson" a unique interpretation fueled by "He-man pianistics", while both "Big John's Special" and "Yeah Man!" are nostalgic, if marked by "lightsome mockery of swing-band cliché" and irresistible "death-defying glee". He describes "Queer Notions" as "cohesive", "Limehouse Blues" as "unrepentantly skewed", "Take the "A" Train" as "an inebriated waltz" and "Lightnin'" as "full-tilt swing". Thacker also comments on the contribution by June Tyson to one of the Sun Ra originals at the end of the album: "something that no chronicler of big-band jazz should overlook—a band vocal." "On this one," he notes, "Sun Ra, Tyson and Co. bring the solar system well within the range of the Holiday brochure: 'On Jupiter, the skies are always blue.'"
All CD editions (three, as of 2011) delete two songs from the original 2LP set.
Track listing.
"Except where otherwise noted, all songs composed by Sun Ra."

</doc>
<doc id="19538859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538859" title="Hurricane Felicia (2009)">
Hurricane Felicia (2009)

Hurricane Felicia was the third strongest tropical cyclone of the 2009 Pacific hurricane season, as well as the strongest storm to exist in the eastern Pacific at the time since Hurricane Daniel in 2006. Forming as a tropical depression on August 3, the storm supported strong thunderstorm activity and quickly organized. It became a tropical storm over the following day, and subsequently underwent rapid deepening to attain hurricane status. Later that afternoon, Felicia featured a well-defined eye as its winds sharply rose to major hurricane-force on the Saffir–Simpson scale. Further strengthening ensued, and Felicia peaked in intensity as a Category 4 hurricane with sustained winds of 145 mph (230 km/h) and a barometric pressure of 935 mbar (hPa; 27.61 inHg). After reaching this strength, unfavorable conditions, such as wind shear, began to impact the storm while it took on a northwestward path. Henceforth, Felicia slowly weakened for several days; by August 8 it had been downgraded to a Category 1 hurricane, once again becoming a tropical storm the next day. It retraced westward towards Hawaii on August 10, all the while decreasing in organization. On August 11, Felicia weakened to tropical depression status, and soon degenerated into remnant low just prior to passing over the islands.
After weakening into a remnant low, Felicia continued to approach the Hawaiian Islands and on August 12, the system produced copious amounts of rainfall across several islands. The highest total was recorded on Oahu at , causing isolated mudslides and flooding. In Maui, the heavy rains helped to alleviate drought conditions and water shortages, significantly increasing the total water across the island's reservoirs. In addition, river flooding resulted in the closure of one school and large swells produced by the storm resulted in several lifeguard rescues at island beaches. In all, only minor impacts were caused by the remnants of Felicia.
Meteorological history.
Hurricane Felicia originated from a tropical wave that moved off the west coast of Africa into the Atlantic Ocean on July 23, 2009. A weak system, the wave was barely identifiable as it tracked westward. By July 26, the wave entered the Caribbean Sea before crossing Central America and entering the eastern Pacific basin on July 29. The system remained ill-defined until August 1, at which time convection began to increase and the wave showed signs of organization. The storm gradually became better organized as it tracked generally towards the west. By August 3, the system became increasingly organized and around 11:00 am PDT (1800 UTC), the National Hurricane Center (NHC) designated the system as Tropical Depression Eight-E. Convective banding features and poleward outflow were being enhanced by the nearby Tropical Storm Enrique. The main steering component of the depression was an upper-level low located to the north, causing the depression to track generally west before turning northwest after the low weakened.
By the early morning hours of August 4, the NHC upgraded Tropical Depression Eight-E to Tropical Storm Felicia, the seventh named storm of the season. Located within an area of low wind shear and high sea surface temperatures, averaging between 28 and 29°C (82 and 84°F), the storm quickly developed, with deep convection persisting around the center of circulation. These conditions were anticipated to persist for at least three days; however, there was an increased amount of uncertainty due to possible interaction with Tropical Storm Enrique. Several hours later, the storm began to undergo rapid intensification, following the formation of an eye. Around 2:00 pm PDT (2100 UTC), Felicia intensified into a hurricane.
Late on August 4, the intensity of Felicia led to it taking a more northward turn in response to a mid- to upper-level trough off the coast of the Western United States. Early the next morning, the storm continued to intensify and attained Category 3 status with winds of 115 mph (185 km/h). Maintaining a well-defined eye, Felicia neared Category 4 status and hours later, the storm attained winds of 140 mph (220 km/h) and a pressure of 937 mbar (hPa; 27.67 inHg) during the evening hours, making it the strongest Pacific storm east of the International Date Line since Hurricane Ioke in 2006 and the strongest in the eastern Pacific basin since Hurricane Daniel of 2006. Around 5:00 pm PDT (0000 UTC August 6) Felicia reached its peak intensity with winds of 145 mph (230 km/h) and a minimum central pressure of 935 mbar (hPa; 27.61 inHg).
After slightly weakening throughout the day on August 6, Felicia leveled out with winds of 135 mph (215 km/h) and a 23 mi (37 km) wide eye as the storm developed characteristics of an annular hurricane, which would allow Felicia to maintain a high intensity over marginally warm waters. Early the next day, the structure of the hurricane quickly deteriorated as convection became asymmetric and cloud tops warmed significantly. This marked a quick drop in intensity of the storm to a minimal Category 3 hurricane. Several hours later, the mid-level circulation began to separate from the low-level circulation and the overall size of the storm decreased. By this time, the storm began to take a long-anticipated westward turn towards Hawaii. After briefly re-intensifying on August 7, Felicia weakened to a Category 1 hurricane early on August 8. Around 11:00 am HST (2100 UTC), the Central Pacific Hurricane Center (CPHC) took over responsibility of issuing advisories as Felicia crossed longitude 140°W.
By August 9, increasing wind shear further weakened the storm, with Felicia being downgraded to a tropical storm early that day. The storm rapidly weakened throughout the day as convection gradually dissipated around the center due to the shear. By the late morning hours, little convective activity remained around the low pressure center of Felicia. A weak cyclone, the storm continued to track towards Hawaii with the only deep convection associated with it being displaced to the northeast of the center. The system slowly weakened before being downgraded to a tropical depression on August 11 as no areas of tropical storm-force winds were found by Hurricane Hunters. Several hours after being downgraded, the CPHC issued its final advisory on Felicia as it degenerated into a remnant low near the Hawaiian Islands. The system dissipated shortly thereafter.
Preparations.
By August 5, forecasters were discussing the possibility of the storm impacting Hawaii. Residents were advised to ensure that their disaster kits were fully stocked and ready. Governor Linda Lingle made a speech to the state of Hawaii the same day. She emphasized that the storm was not an imminent threat but that residents should be ready and should know where the nearest emergency shelter is. Since forecasters expected the storm to weaken before it reached the islands, only minor effects—mainly rainfall—were expected. Hawaii County mayor Billy Kenoi was also briefed on the approaching storm and he advised the county to be prepared. Stores reported an influx of shoppers and posted anniversary sales. Blue tarps for roofs were being sold at $1 apiece. The American Red Cross also reported that sales of the "water bob", a water container that can be attached to a bathtub and hold roughly 100 gallons of water, increased significantly. On August 6, the Red Cross stated that it was deploying a disaster recovery team, led by the director of the agency, to the islands of Hawaii.
On August 7, five Hurricane Hunter planes were dispatched to Hickam Air Force Base to fly missions into the storm. Later that day, the Central Pacific Hurricane Center issued tropical storm watches for the island of Hawaii, Maui, Kahoolawe, Lanai, and Molokai. On August 9, the watch was expanded to include Oahu. The watches for the Big Island were later cancelled as the forecast track appeared to drift further north toward Maui County and Oahu. The Red Cross opened shelters throughout the islands on August 10. Twelve were on the Big Island, seven were on Maui, two on Molokai and one on Lanai. The Honolulu International Airport ensured that eight generators were ready for use in case Felicia caused a power outage at the airport. All tropical storm watches were cancelled at 11 a.m. August 11 as Felicia dissipated to a remnant low.
Impact.
Oahu.
In Oahu, areas on the windward side of the island received more than of rain on August 12 from the remnants of Felicia, causing many roads to become slick. A portion of Kamehameha Highway was shut down around 11:00 pm HST when the Waikane Stream overflowed its banks. Flooding near a bridge reached a depth of , stranding some residents in their homes. The highway remained closed until around 4:00 am HST on August 14. The rain was also considered helpful in that it helped alleviate drought conditions that had been present for nearly two months. The heaviest rainfall was recorded on Oahu at in the Forest National Wildlife Refuge. During a 12-hour span, a total of fell in Waiahole. Some areas recorded rainfall rates up to 1 in/h (25 mm/h), triggering isolated mudslides. At Sandy Beach, there were two lifeguard rescues and three others were on Makapuʻu as waves up to affected the islands. There were also five assists at Makapuʻu and one at Kailua Beach. Lifeguards issued a total of 1,410 verbal warnings about the rough seas to swimmers and surfers during the event. However, winds on the island reached only 15 mph (25 km/h) and gusts peaked at 20 mph (30 km/h).
Other islands.
On Kauai, the Hanalei River rose above its normal level, leading to the closure of the Hanalei School. Several tree limbs and small trees were blown down across the island. Rainfall on Kauai peaked at at Mount Wai'ale'ale and on Maui, up to fell in Kaupo Gap. On the leeward side of the mountains, rainfall peaked at in Kihei, an area that rarely records rainfall in August. Throughout the island, the total amount of water in reservoirs increased to 104.5 million gallons (395.5 million liters) from 77.8 million gallons (294.5 million liters) prior to Felicia. Rainfall in some areas was heavy enough at times to reduce visibility to several feet. Streets in these areas were covered with muddy water. Localized heavy rainfall fell on the Big Island, peaking at in Kealakekua. In Wailua Beach, there was one lifeguard rescue that resulted in the swimmer being sent to a local hospital. Three other people were swept away at the mouth of the Wailua River, all of whom were quickly rescued. In Honolulu, runoff from the storm resulted in large amounts of trash and debris along the local beaches. Private contractors were dispatched to the affected coastlines to trap and remove the trash. Officials were forced to close the beaches along Hanauma Bay after swells from Felicia pushed an estimated 2,000 Portuguese Man o' War siphonophorae into the region. The beaches were later re-opened on August 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19538890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538890" title="Royal Danish Air Force Officers School">
Royal Danish Air Force Officers School

The Royal Danish Air Force Academy (known in Denmark as "Flyvevåbnets Officersskole") educates and commissions all officers for the Royal Danish Air Force. The Air Force Officer Academy function was initiated in 1951 by the creation of the Royal Danish Air Force.
Location.
The Air Force officers school is located in Jonstrup near Værløse.

</doc>
<doc id="19538904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538904" title="Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres

The men's K-4 1000 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
14 crews entered in two heats on July 31, but two teams withdrew. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the finals while the remaining six teams were relegated to the semifinal.
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal (raced on August 2) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 2. 

</doc>
<doc id="19538909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538909" title="AviaAM Leasing">
AviaAM Leasing

AviaAM Leasing is a WSE listed global aviation holding company engaged in commercial aircraft acquisition, leasing and sales. It is the only company in the Baltic States engaged in long-term aircraft lease business. The head office of the company is situated in Vilnius, Lithuania.
Business activities.
AviaAM Leasing main business activities are fleet structuring, aircraft management, leasing, sale and other related solutions. Main AviaAM Leasing customers are airlines, tour operators and aircraft investors. AviaAM Leasing is involved in lease, sales and management of aircraft operated by Europe and CIS companies.
Aircraft fleet.
AviaAM Leasing has a portfolio of in excess of 20 owned and managed aircraft consisting of Boeing 737-300, Boeing 737-500, Boeing 757-200 and Bombardier CRJ200.
Services.
Operating and Finance Lease.
As a core service area of AviaAM Leasing, the company maintains a portfolio of mid-life mainline narrow-body and regional jets for airlines interested in operating lease. It also provides products for lessees, looking to acquire an aircraft.
Aircraft Acquisition and Sales.
AviaAM Leasing is engaged in the purchase of mainline narrow-body and regional jets directly from the manufacturer, from aircraft owners and investors as well as through sales and lease back transactions with airlines. It also offers new aircraft, aircraft with existing leases and aircraft nearing their end-of-life phase to acquire.
Consulting.
Advisory on aircraft fleet selection and organization, asset financial planning, market research and assessment as well as structuring risk and aircraft insurance programmes.
Asset Management.
AviaAM leasing offers asset administration, quality control and assurance, transaction management and remarketing services, including general analysis of market conditions, determination of pricing strategies and advertisement.
The company’s technical services include monitoring the technical condition of an aircraft on lease and reviewing its schedule of inspections to take into account changed in the financial or technical performance of the lessee.
Engine Leasing.
Spare Rolls-Royce, CFMI and Pratt & Whitney engines for sale, lease, short term rentals and exchange.
Shareholders.
As of 2013, AviaAM Leasing shares are distributed in the following proportions:
Background.
In February 2007, Avia Asset Management AB was founded by Lithuanian capital aviation group Avia Solutions Group. In spring of 2010 Avia Asset Management AB together with related companies where united under one name – AviaAM Leasing.
The company’s shares were admitted for trading on the WSE under the ticker AAL and the trading started on 28 June.

</doc>
<doc id="19538916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538916" title="Chauncey Marvin Holt">
Chauncey Marvin Holt

Chauncey Marvin Holt (October 23, 1921—June 28, 1997) was an American known for claiming to be one of the "three tramps" photographed in Dealey Plaza shortly after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
Background.
Holt was born in Kentucky. Holt moved to San Diego County in the 1970s and lived in La Mesa, California during the last decade of his life. Holt died of cancer at the age of 75, and was survived by a daughter and granddaughter.
Claims of involvement in JFK assassination.
In a 1991 "Newsweek" article about Oliver Stone's "JFK", Holt received national attention for various claims he made regarding the assassination of President Kennedy. According to Holt, he was a CIA operative sent to Dallas to deliver phony Secret Service credentials. He also claimed to have worked as an accountant for Meyer Lansky.

</doc>
<doc id="19538928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538928" title="Skellerup">
Skellerup

Skellerup is a New Zealand-based manufacturer of industrial and agricultural rubber products. The company, then called Para Rubber Company, was founded by George Skellerup in 1910 when he opened his first retail store in Christchurch and now employs over 800 people in New Zealand, Australia, the United Kingdom, USA and China.
The brand is considered iconic by many New Zealanders, being a leading producer of gumboots. "Jandals", the common name for flip-flops in New Zealand, is a trademark of Skellerup. In 1969, Skellerup was founding sponsor of the Young Farmer of the Year competition, a relationship which lasted 29 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19538929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538929" title="Étienne Tardif de Pommeroux de Bordesoulle">
Étienne Tardif de Pommeroux de Bordesoulle

Étienne Tardif de Pommeroux, comte de Bordesoulle (4 April 1771, Luzeret – 3 October 1837, Fontaine-Chaalis, Oise) was a French nobleman and soldier, who fought in the Napoleonic Wars and the Spanish expedition.
Life.
Early career.
He entered the army in 1789 at private rank, in the 2nd mounted chasseurs regiment and fought with distinction in nearly all the campaigns of the French Revolutionary Wars in the armies fighting on the River Rhine, and then from 1792 to year 1801 in the armée du Rhin, the armée de Rhin-et-Moselle, the armée d'Allemagne, the armée d'Angleterre, the armée de Mayence, the armée d'Italie. Wounded several times, Bordessoulle was made sous-lieutenant in August 1794, then lieutenant in July 1796 and captain in January 1798. He fought with panache at Novi on 15 August 1799, being wounded again whilst covering the army's retreat. He rose rapidly through the ranks, being promoted to chef d'escadron in the 6th Hussards in May 1799 and receiving an honorary sabre in 1802.
Light cavalry.
He served in the Bruges camp in 1803 and 1804. He then fought in the campaigns of 1805 to 1807 in Austria, Prussia and Poland in the 2nd corps of the Grande Armée, rising to colonel of the 22nd regiment of chasseurs on 27 December 1805. He next fought at Austerlitz on 2 December before being transferred to 4th corps under Soult in October 1806. On 9 June 1807, at the head of 60 men from his regiment, he crossed the Guttsdat passage, charged and completely tore to pieces a Russian battalion, and received two bayonet wounds on his right forearm and in the chest. He distinguished himself again at Heilsberg the following day and at Friedland on 12 June, and was made général de brigade of the light cavalry (9th Hussards, 7th and 20th Chasseurs) on 25 June. On 1 August he was moved to Brune's army corps and in December was put in charge of the light cavalry attached to the defence of Danzig.
On 21 September 1808 he was ordered to go to Bayonne, and that November he was made commander of the 2nd brigade of mounted chasseurs (the cavalry reserve of the armée d'Espagne) within Lasalle's division. In December he destroyed the remains of Castanos's army around Madrid and on 28 March 1809 contributed to the French victory at Medellín, leading the 5th and 10th chasseurs in destroying 60,000 Spanish infantrymen even whilst marshal Belluno's whole corps was retreating and even though Bordesoulle had himself received orders to retreat.
Cuirassiers.
Recalled to the armée d'Allemagne on 25 May 1809 to command a cavalry brigade in Masséna's 4th corps. Bordessoulle set out for Germany and on arrival replaced Fouler as head of 2nd brigade of the 3rd cuirassiers division. He was wounded at the battle of Wagram on 6 July and made a baron of the Empire by Napoleon in May 1810. He was employed in the observation corps in Holland in May 1810 and put in command of the 3rd light cavalry brigade of the armée d'Allemagne on 2 December. From 1810 to 1812, Bordessoulle commanded several light cavalry brigades in Germany, a period during which he also spent time in the army's observation corps on the River Elbe (during November 1811). That observation corps became a corps of the Grande Armée and so in June 1812 Bordesoulle was summoned to head that corps 2nd light cavalry brigade.
During the French invasion of Russia he served in the light cavalry of Davout's 1st corps. On 30 June he fought Barclay de Tolly's vanguard at Soleschniki, and on 23 July commanded marshal prince d'Eckmuhl's vanguard, made up of the 3rd regiment of chasseurs and one infantry regiment. At the head of that vanguard he captured Mohilev, 900 prisoners, the enemy magazines and baggage train, and over 600 oxen intended for prince Bagration. He fought again at Smolensk on 15 April 1812, at Borodino on 7 September (receiving a broken-jaw from a long-range "biscaïen" shot) and at Krasnoë (where he took 8 cannons after capturing a corps of 1,500 men, broken an infantry square, taken 300 more prisoners and leaving the 9th Polish lancers gravely compromised).
He was promoted to général de division on 4 December 1812 and put in command of the 1st division of cuirassiers of the Grande Armée's 1st cavalry corps, which he led in all the major battles of the Saxony campaign of 1813 (such as Lützen on 2 May, and Bautzen on 21 May). Already confirmed as a baron of the Empire by being given a dotation, he was made a commander of the Légion d'honneur on 14 May 1813. At the battle of Dresden on 26 August he led several vigorous charges, broke 12 enemy infantry squares, took 6,000 prisoners and helped force the large enemy force threatening the French army to retreat back into the mountains of Bohemia. He then fought at the battle of Leipzig on 16 to 19 October, where he gave new evidence of his bravery - at Hanau, where he supported a largely orderly retreat and with only a few men calmed a fearful large cavalry body. In November he was put in command of the 2nd cavalry corps of the Grande Armée in place of Sébastiani.
Made the commander of two cavalry divisions gathered at Versailles on 3 June 1814, Bordessoulle fought in the battles of Champaubert and had a hand in the French success against Blücher at Vauchamps on 12 February. He then beat the Allied force at Villeneuve on 17 February, took part in the recapture of Reims on 13 March and the Battle of La Fère-Champenoise on 25 March and finally commanded a heavy cavalry division of 1st corps in the Battle of Paris on 30 March.
Bourbon loyalist.
On the first return of the Bourbon monarchy, Bordesoulle's noble origins got him an appointment as inspector general of the cavalry in May 1814, knight of the order of Saint Louis on 2 June and grand officer of the Légion d'honneur on 23 August. On Napoleon's return from Elba, Bordesoulle took provisional command of 9 cavalry squadrons of the 2nd military division headed for Châlons on 12 March 1815 and was confirmed in this role by the royal government on 16 March. He followed Louis XVIII of France to Ghent, where he was made chief of staff to the Comte d'Artois (later Charles X of France) on 25 June 1815. He returned to France with the Duke of Berry in July 1815 after the Hundred Days and was made grand-cross of the Légion d'honneur by the king on 13 August and on appointed to command and reorganise the cavalry of the royal guard on 8 September. Bordesoulle was then elected a centre-right député for Indre in the "Chambre introuvable" of 1815-1816, and on 12 October was made a member of the commission charged with investigating the conduct of officers during the Hundred Days.
On 13 May 1816 he was made a commander of the order of Saint Louis, and exchanged his Napoleonic title of baron for the Bourbon one of comte. An honorary aide-de-camp honoraire to the comte d'Artois from 2 June 1807, and a member of the committee of the inspectors-general on 25 October, he became a privy councillor of the duc d'Angoulême on 2 July 1820. He was made a grand-cross of Saint Louis on 1 May 1821 and was made governor of the École polytechnique on 17 September 1822, all the while retaining his role in the royal guard. In 1823, he took part in the Spanish expedition. Summoned on 16 February 1823 to be commander-in-chief of the guard-troops within the armée des Pyrénées, Bordesoulle organised the bombardment and blockade of Cadiz and was mentioned in despatches on 31 August for his part in the taking of Trocadéro.
After the war, he was made a peer of France on 9 October and received the grand-cross of the order of Charles III of Spain on 4 November the same years. His opinions were strongly patriotic and constitutional. His advice to the duc d'Angoulême was crucial in getting many acts friendly to friends of liberty passed : these included the ordinance of Andujar, imposed by Ferdinand VII of Spain. In the month of December he resumed his command of the royal guard's cavalry division. On Louis XVIII's death, Charles X did not keep Bordesoulle on as an honorary aide-de-camp in the new army list of 4 November 1824, and he became a member of the superior council for war in 1828.
Made a knight commander of the order of the Holy Spirit, in the chapter held on 21 February 1830, he tried in vain to enact the king's resolutions in July and during the "Three Glorious Days" retired to Saint-Cloud, ready to defend his person. He was at Rambouillet only to leave it, continuing to exercise his command in the dissolved royal guard until 21 August, at which date he put himself at the dispoal of Louis-Philippe of France. Put on the reserve list with the rank of état-major général on 7 February 1831, he was allowed to retire on 14 March 1832. He remained on the sidelines from then on, though he still occasionally attended the Chambre des pairs from then until his death in 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="19538949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538949" title="2006 Djurgårdens IF season">
2006 Djurgårdens IF season

Djurgården competed in the 2006 season in the Allsvenskan, Svenska Cupen and UEFA Champions League

</doc>
<doc id="19538953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538953" title="Lonely runner conjecture">
Lonely runner conjecture

In number theory, and especially the study of diophantine approximation, the lonely runner conjecture is a conjecture originally due to J. M. Wills in 1967. Applications of the conjecture are widespread in mathematics; they include view obstruction problems and calculating the chromatic number of distance graphs and circulant graphs. The conjecture was given its picturesque name by L. Goddyn in 1998.
The conjecture.
Consider "k" runners on a circular track of unit length. At "t" = 0, all runners are at the same position and start to run; the runners' speeds are pairwise distinct. A runner is said to be "lonely" at time "t" if he is at distance of at least 1/"k" from every other runner at time "t". The lonely runner conjecture states that each runner is lonely at some time.
A convenient reformulation of the problem is to assume that the runners have integer speeds, not all divisible by the same prime; the runner to be lonely has zero speed. The conjecture then states that for any set "D" of "k-1" positive integers with gcd 1,
where ||"x"|| denotes the distance of real number "x" to the nearest integer.

</doc>
<doc id="19538955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538955" title="Sergei Budylin">
Sergei Budylin

Sergei Vladimirovich Budylin (; born 31 October 1979 in Nizhnekamsk, Tatar ASSR) is a Russian footballer who last played for FC Gazovik Orenburg in the Russian Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19538970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538970" title="Edgar Vaughan">
Edgar Vaughan

Sir (George) Edgar Vaughan KBE FRHistS (24 February 1907 – 25 January 1994) was a British diplomat. 
Vaughan was educated at Cheltenham Grammar School and then at Jesus College, Oxford, where he obtained first-class degrees in Modern History (1928) and in PPE (1929). He was a Laming Travelling Fellow of The Queen's College, Oxford from 1929 to 1931. He joined Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service in 1930, serving as Vice-Consul in Hamburg, La Paz, Barcelona and Buenos Aires. After posting in Monrovia (as Chargé d'affaires), Seattle, Washington, Lourenço Marques and Amsterdam (as Consul-General in each), he returned to Buenos Aires as Minister and Consul-General in 1956, before being appointed Ambassador to Panama in 1960. 
In 1964, he became Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Colombia, serving until 1966. He was appointed OBE in 1937, advanced to CBE in 1956 and knighted with the award of the KBE in 1963. After leaving the Diplomatic Service, he was a Special Lecturer (1966–1967) then Professor of History (1967–1974) at the University of Saskatchewan, Regina Campus. He was appointed as a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society in 1965 and as an Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 1966. He was awarded the Order of Andrés Bello, First Class by Venezuela in 1990. He died on 25 January 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19538977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19538977" title="Garret T. Sato">
Garret T. Sato

Garret T. Sato is an American actor who was born and raised in Oahu, Hawaii. He attended Aiea High School and Leeward Community College where he took up acting. He is "Yonsei" (四世) (fourth generation Japanese American). He currently resides in Los Angeles & Oahu, Hawaii.
Acting roles.
Film credits.
Sato has well over 60 credits, including such films as "The Shadow", "Pearl Harbor", "Street Kings" and "The Mask". In 2005, he played a role in Lane Nishikawa's film "Only the Brave", about the Japanese American segregated fighting unit, the 442nd Regimental Combat Team of World War II. Recently, he had a short film "Mojave 43" premiered at the "AFI". Sato appeared in the 2013 films "The Wolverine", "ODE IN BLOOD" , "The SEER" and "The Last Tour".
Television credits.
He has also appeared in numerous television shows such as: "Alias", "ER", "24" and
"". He's currently been recurring on Hawaii Five-0 as Detective Ahuna. He has been quoted as saying, "As an actor I take great pride in the art of acting for it is part of WHO I AM."

</doc>
<doc id="19539019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539019" title="BN Camelopardalis">
BN Camelopardalis

BN Camelopardalis is a Alpha² Canum Venaticorum variable star in the constellation Camelopardalis. 

</doc>
<doc id="19539021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539021" title="Khidima">
Khidima

Khidima is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,349 persons living in 415 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539029" title="Winter Campaign of 1941–42">
Winter Campaign of 1941–42

The Winter Campaign of 1941–1942 from 5 December 1941 to 30 April 1942 was the name given by Soviet military command to the period that marked the commencement of the Moscow Strategic Offensive Operation (also known as the Battle of Moscow) as the opening phase of the Red Army strategic counter-offensive operations in USSR, and the first strategic setbacks on land for the Nazi plans of European domination. The campaign ended in a Russian victory.
The campaign began with the Moscow Strategic Offensive Operation (5 December 1941 – 7 January 1942) with the simultaneous Kerch-Feodosia Amphibious Operation (25 December 1941 – 2 January 1942) conducted to draw the Wehrmacht's attention from preparations for other offensives being prepared in Russia.
Campaign.
The Soviets had prepared a detailed plan to defend their capital Moscow. With centuries of experience in defensive warfare on their side, many great invaders such as Napoleon Bonaparte had been unsuccessful in occupying this city and its region. This bad luck struck again when Adolf Hitler and his armies, formerly allies with Joseph Stalin before 22 June 1941, were stopped cold at its gates. After many German battles and successful campaigns, Germany with its allies and their divisions Kingdom of Romania, Independent State of Croatia, Kingdom of Hungary and Republic of Finland had reached the outskirts of Moscow. This event did sow panic among the population yet they began preparing counteroffensive measures. Soviets first built deep anti- tank trenches, huge walls and AA guns to protect against air attack. East of the Ural Mountains, Soviets were building their new types of tanks, such as the fast and rugged T-34 which, at this time, was, in the general consensus, the best tank in the field. The T-37 A and T-60 would also eventually take the victorious Red Army all the way to Berlin. Other new offensive weapons included their feared Katyusha Rockets and recently formed battalions in their army. The Germans, expecting a quick victory in the USSR, were simply not ready for the bitterly cold Moscow winter and General Winter was the biggest reason for their not winning the Battle of Moscow. The Germans had sent huge numbers of tanks and artillery to this front but they were always low on oil. They often had to keep fires burning under their tank engines just to maintain battle-readiness. Many of the soldiers died from the cold temperatures which were often below −10 °C. Soviets accurately saw how the situation was developing and began attacking the freezing Germans who were finally driven away from the Moscow Area on 7 January 1942. Further Soviet attacks and operations were held in January between Rzhev and the Lake Seliger. In that battle Russians with two armies from the North and Central Moscow areas beat the Germans who withdrew. In concert with the advance from Kaluga to the south-west of Moscow, it was intended the two offensives converge on Smolensk, but the Germans rallied and managed to hold them apart, retaining a salient at Rzhev. Soviets launched their parachute drop on German-held Dorogobuzh. This soviet try was unsuccessful. In June the Germans and the pro-German Russian Liberation Army lost smaller battles in North at Volkhov River. In the south the Red Army lunged over the Donets River at Izyum and drove a 100 km (62 mi) deep salient. The intent was to pin Army Group South against the Sea of Azov, but as the winter eased the Germans were able to counter-attack and cut off the over-extended Soviet troops in the Second Battle of Kharkov.
Aspects of the Nazi-Soviet warfare during winter 1941 - 1942.
During the fifteen-month period between the Winter War and Hitler's invasion of Russia, the Red Army profited from its experience in Finland. In addition to making general organizational and tactical changes, the Soviets paid more attention to winter clothing, equipment, and training including that of the ski troops - in marked contrast to their future opponents.
Many of the combat problems the German Army encountered in European Russia during the winter of 1941 - 1942 resemble a greatly amplified playback of the Arkhangelsk campaign of 1918 - 1919. The Germans paid an exorbitant price for ignoring the lessons of those, and other, earlier winter campaigns. Gen. Dr. Waldemar Erfurth noted that before 1941 The German General Staff had never been interested in the history of wars in Northern and Eastern Europe. No records of the wars of Russia against the Swedes, Finns, and Poles had been published in German. "The older generation which had been brought up in the tradition of von Moltke ... considered it sufficient to study the countries immediately surrounding Germany ... the northern regions of Europe remained practically unknown to the German Soldier."
The devastating effects of the decision to expose German troops to combat in the latitude of Moscow without appropriate clothing and supplies were so widespread that it is impossible to single out one particular battle as the best example. Accordingly, the observations that follow are generalizations applicable to a very wide front.
The operations in central and northern European Russia began with the conclusion of the Moscow counter-offensive almost simultaneously with the Oboyan-Kursk Offensive Operation (3 January 1942 – 26 January 1942), the Lyuban Offensive Operation (7 January 1942 – 30 April 1942), the Demyansk Offensive Operation (7 January 1942 – 20 May 1942), the Orel-Bolkhov Offensive Operation (8 January 1942 – 28 April 1942), and the Rzhev-Vyazma Strategic Offensive Operation (8 January 1942 – 20 April 1942) also known as Operation Mars. (But the name "Mars" more often refers to another Soviet operation in the same area, during November and December 1942. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Mars)
The campaign concluded with the Barvenkovo-Lozovaya Offensive Operation (18 January 1942 – 31 January 1942), a renewed attempt to retake Crimea during the Crimean Offensive Operation (27 January 1942 – 15 April 1942) and the Bolkhov Offensive Operation (24 March 1942 – 3 April 1942).

</doc>
<doc id="19539033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539033" title="Khotang Bazar">
Khotang Bazar

Khotang Bazar is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 2,433 persons living in 458 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539041" title="Kuvinde">
Kuvinde

Kuvinde is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,189 persons living in 406 individual households.
hi

</doc>
<doc id="19539049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539049" title="Lafyang">
Lafyang

Lafyang is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,915 persons living in 498 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539059" title="Lamidanda">
Lamidanda

"Not to be confused with Lamidanda of Kavrepalanchok District, a stop on the Araniko Highway".
Lamidanda is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,728 persons living in 478 individual households.It is served by Lamidanda Airport. 

</doc>
<doc id="19539065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539065" title="Lichki Ramche">
Lichki Ramche

Lichki Ramche is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,363 persons living in 606 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539073" title="Bogacki–Shampine method">
Bogacki–Shampine method

The Bogacki–Shampine method is a method for the numerical solution of ordinary differential equations, that was proposed by Przemyslaw Bogacki and Lawrence F. Shampine in 1989 . The Bogacki–Shampine method is a Runge–Kutta method of order three with four stages with the First Same As Last (FSAL) property, so that it uses approximately three function evaluations per step. It has an embedded second-order method which can be used to implement adaptive step size. The Bogacki–Shampine method is implemented in the codice_1 function in MATLAB . 
Low-order methods are more suitable than higher-order methods like the Dormand–Prince method of order five, if only a crude approximation to the solution is required. Bogacki and Shampine argue that their method outperforms other third-order methods with an embedded method of order two.
The Butcher tableau for the Bogacki–Shampine method is:
Following the standard notation, the differential equation to be solved is formula_1. Furthermore, formula_2 denotes the numerical solution at time formula_3 and formula_4 is the step size, defined by formula_5. Then, one step of the Bogacki–Shampine method is given by:
Here, formula_7 is a second-order approximation to the exact solution. The method for calculating formula_8 is due to . On the other hand, formula_8 is a third-order approximation, so the difference between formula_8 and formula_7 can be used to adapt the step size. The FSAL—first same as last—property is that the stage value formula_12 in one step equals formula_13 in the next step; thus, only three function evaluations are needed per step.

</doc>
<doc id="19539076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539076" title="Linkuwa Pokhari">
Linkuwa Pokhari

Linkuwa Pokhari is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,655 persons living in 516 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539081" title="Magpa">
Magpa

Magpa is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,238.

</doc>
<doc id="19539091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539091" title="Mahadevasthan">
Mahadevasthan

Mahadevasthan is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,343 persons living in 453 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539102" title="Ctenosaura hemilopha">
Ctenosaura hemilopha

Ctenosaura hemilopha, also known as the cape spinytail iguana , is a species of spinytail iguana endemic to Baja California. It is arboreal and primarily herbivorous, although it can be an opportunistic carnivore. Males may grow up to in length, while females are smaller, with a length of up to . Five subspecies are currently recognized.
The existence of mainland and insular populations of this species has been valuable in providing biologists with study and control groups comparing the evolution of island populations and their mainland counterparts. The San Esteban Island subspecies ("C.h. conspicuosa") coexists with the giant San Esteban chuckwalla, contrary to predictions of ecological niche theory.
Taxonomy and etymology.
"Ctenosaura hemilopha" was first described by zoologist Edward Drinker Cope in 1863. The generic name, "Ctenosaura", is derived from two Greek words: "ctenos" (Κτενός), meaning "comb" (referring to the comblike spines on the lizard's back and tail), and "saura" (σαύρα), meaning "lizard". Its specific name is a combination of the Greek word "hemisus" (ήμισυς) meaning "half" and "lophos" (λοφος) meaning "crest" or "plume" ; both are in reference to the animal's short crest of spines, when compared to other species of its "genus". 
There are five subspecies of "C. hemilopha" that are all similar in appearance and habitat.
Distribution and habitat.
It is believed that these iguanas may have ended up on the Baja peninsula and the islands because early Seri Indian inhabitants transported them there from the mainland as food sources thousands of years ago. This theory is based on the fact that the coastal distribution on the mainland ends 115km south of Isla San Esteban. Contrary to predictions from ecological niche theory, the species coexists with the giant San Esteban chuckwalla on San Esteban Island. The two species forage for the same plants in the same habitat at the same time of day during the same season, with neither species displacing the other.
The cape spinytail iguana makes its den in old woodpecker nests in giant columnar cacti, and in other tree cavities. The most important factors determining the choice of cactus are the existence of other holes, and the cactus height because these types of refuges allow the lizards to feed and bask on the tree, minimizing the risk of predation.
The existence of mainland and insular populations of this species has been valuable in providing biologists with study and control groups comparing the evolution of island populations.
Description.
The cape spinytail iguana has a green or yellow coloring when young and turns whitish gray with age. As this animal matures it can be white or light gray in color with black chevrons, depending on heat conditions or even the animal's temper.
Males achieve a maximum length of , while females are typically 30% smaller at . Males develop large jowls and a dorsal crest made up of larger dorsal spines, making the animal sexually dimorphic. 
Diet.
Like most iguanids, the cape spinytail iguana is primarily herbivorous, eating flowers, leaves, stems, fruit, and cactus such as the bushy "Jatropha cuneata" and the taller, spindly "Solanum hindsianum". They will opportunistically eat smaller animals, eggs, and arthropods.

</doc>
<doc id="19539104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539104" title="Cockburn Association">
Cockburn Association

The Cockburn Association (Edinburgh's Civic Trust) is one of the world's oldest architectural conservation and urban planning monitoring organisations, founded in 1875.
The Scottish judge Henry Cockburn (1779–1854) was a prominent campaigner to protect and enhance the beauty of Edinburgh, notably resisting construction of new buildings on the south side of Princes Street. The Association was founded in 1875 to continue the legacy of his work.
Since 1991, the organisation has been responsible for Edinburgh's annual Doors Open Day scheme.
The first major campaign by the Association was to resist the removal of trees at Bruntsfield Links and the Association has campaigned for the retention and improvement of Edinburgh's open and green spaces ever since. The Association successfully resisted plans to build an inner city motorway system in Edinburgh in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19539114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539114" title="Mangaltar, Sagarmatha">
Mangaltar, Sagarmatha

Mangaltar, Sagarmatha is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,140 persons living in 376 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539116" title="Dalston baronets">
Dalston baronets

The Baronetcy of Dalston of Dalston was created in the Baronetage of England on 15 February 1641 for William Dalston of Dalston Hall, near Carlisle, Cumbria.
The Dalston family were descended from Hubert de Vaux, Lord Gillesland and Baron of Dalston about the time of the Norman Conquest. In the 17th century they strongly supported the Royalist cause. Sir John Dalston and his son Sir George Dalston (father of the first Baronet) both served as High Sheriff of Cumberland during the reign of James I. The latter represented Cumberland in the Long Parliament of 1640.
The first Baronet was Member of Parliament for Carlisle 1640-44 and High Sheriff of Cumberland in 1665. Latterly his seat was at Heath Hall, Yorkshire. The second Baronet, who was knighted in 1663, prior to his succession, served as High Sheriff of Cumberland in 1661.
The Baronetcy was extinct on the death of the fourth Baronet in 1765. He had sold the estates in 1761.

</doc>
<doc id="19539117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539117" title="Mattim Birta">
Mattim Birta

Mattim Birta is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,021 persons residing in 899 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539126" title="Mauwabote">
Mauwabote

Mauwabote is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,484 persons living in 259 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539130" title="Iranians in Germany">
Iranians in Germany

Iranians in Germany include immigrants from Iran to Germany as well as their descendants of Iranian heritage or background. There are 100.000 to 120.000 ethnic Iranians living in Germany. With around 25,000 people of Iranian descent, Hamburg is the main center of the Iranian diaspora.[http://www.abendblatt.de/politik/ausland/article1061344/Nieder-mit-dem-Diktator-3000-Exiliraner-demonstrieren-in-Hamburg.html].
There is a considerable number of notable Iranians in each of the following categories who live and work in Germany:

</doc>
<doc id="19539132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539132" title="Aleksandr Kočetkov">
Aleksandr Kočetkov

Aleksandr Kočetkov (born 1975) – CEO of Avia Asset Management AB, the only company in the Baltic States engaged in long-term aircraft lease.
In 1989, he moved with his parents to Russia. Kočetkov studied management and information sciences in the universities in Russia and USA. He worked in international companies based in the USA, Russia, Sweden, Germany, Austria and Latvia. Since 2004, he has been living and working in Lithuania. CEO of Avia Asset Management AB since May 2008.
Biography.
Born in 1975, in Šiauliai, attended Šiauliai secondary school No. 17. In 1989, he moved with his parents to live in Russia. In 1993, entered Moscow State University of Culture where he majored in Analytics. In 1996, Aleksandr Kočetkov was granted the award – Presidential scholarship by the then Russian President Boris Yeltsin, which enabled him in 1997–1998 to study Management of Information Systems at University of Texas at Austin, USA. In 1998, Aleksandr Kočetkov graduated from Moscow State University of Culture and received Bachelor's Degree in Analytics with Honours. In 1998–2001 completed post-graduate studies of social science in Moscow University of Culture.
Sports Achievements.
Aleksandr Kočetkov has been interested in martial arts (Aikido, Kendo, Iaido) and Oriental culture since he was 11. In 1994–1995 he was President of Moscow Naginata Federation.
In 1990–1992, Aleksandr Kočetkov was a member of the Russian junior Olympic rowing team.
Aleksandr Kočetkov has been playing indoor volleyball since 1992. Being a member of Moskvich team, he competed in the Russian first league of male volleyball. During his studies in the USA he was playing for University of Texas volleyball team, Alexander continues to play volleyball in Lithuania and in 2008 together with his ISTO-SM Tauras team became Lithuanian volleyball champion. Aleksandr Kočetkov is a Vice-President of Isto-SM Tauras team.
On 10 June 2008, Aleksandr Kočetkov, as a player and Vice-President of the sport club Isto-SM Tauras – the winner of Lithuanian men’s volleyball championship 2007–2008, received gratitude from Vilnius City Mayor Juozas Imbrasas for merits for Vilnius sport and a letter of thanks.

</doc>
<doc id="19539134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539134" title="Nerpa, Nepal">
Nerpa, Nepal

Nerpa is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,481 persons living in 625 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539143" title="Nirmalidada">
Nirmalidada

Nirmalidada is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,326 persons living in 410 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539144" title="Bardera Polytechnic">
Bardera Polytechnic

Bardera Polytechnic (, ) is a non-profit tertiary polytechnic education centre located in Bardera, Somalia. The college's full name is Bardera Polytechnic College (BPC). Bardera Polytechnic is the first post-secondary institution in Bardera and the larger Gedo region. Bardera Polytechnic is the first post civil war vocational training school in southern Somalia.
Background: Bardera as a center of Islamic study.
For ages, Bardera was a center of higher learning. Bardera city is famously associated with the study of Islamic jurisprudence, Arabic grammar and syntax. Bardera Islamic centers are famous and students seeking knowledge as well as moalims (teachers) seeking employment used to come from across Somalia.
For centuries, Sufi students traveled from far distances and from all points on the Horn as a whole. Every Somali who came of age before the 1950s, knows the importance of Bardera as a religious education center. Later generations found different kind of class spaces at Somali National University (SNU), Lafole, Lafole Agricultural College and Sidam, a management training school. 
Taking note of the history of Bardera city, Bardera Polytechnic foresees a way of combining the old methods of study in Halaqa "Learning in Circles" with the new ways of thought forming in the academic settings of an ordinary university or college. Sound Islamic studies are the goals desired by community educators in Bardera and in the region as a whole.
History.
BPC was founded on July 2008. This college was established to cover the higher education needs of the Bardera area community, which has been growing since the start of the 1990s. BPC was in the plans for two years before it was established on a rented facility inside the city of Bardera. Bardera Polytechnic's policy is give vocational training, real marketable skills for 16 to 60 age population.
Over the years, there have been a few health and language training schools in Bardera (Baardheere: Somali). None offered a structured curriculum. Bardera Polytechnic offers one- to three-year study programs. Certificate and diplomas are granted at Bardera Polytechnic. Ever since the collapse of the education system of Somalia, HIRDA, an NGO based in Bardera and Widsom College of Languages, a private language training school have nurtured the student population of Bardera.
During the 1980s, the Somali National University (SNU) and its campuses around Mogadishu had over 15,000 students in its student body. Since the collapse of the central education system in Somalia, newly established regional colleges and universities have taken up the task of re-organizing the higher education system in Somalia.
Campuses and centers.
Bardera Polytechnic is founded to fulfill the education and training needs of Gedo region's largest district. Supporting the main economic engines of Bardera District is the goal of everyone at Bardera Polytechnic. Keeping this in mind, it was an urgent need to set up institutes and specialised centers to further develop the skills of the community.
Institutes and centers initiated during the first phase are:
Jubba Valley Veterinary Institute (JVVI) will work closely with Bardera District Veterinary Center, a district-level authority on animal welfare services. The Bardera District Agricultural Institute will develop mechanisms to help the individual farming persons and farming associations.
Jubba Valley Veterinary Institute.
Bardera Polytechnic’s founding of Jubba Valley Veterinary Institute was another major boost for the economic lifeline of Southern Somalia. Herders of the main three livestock types in Somalia, camel, cattle and "ari" (goats and sheep) will have some help in safeguarding the animals they lose each year to preventable and treatable diseases. All of Jubba Valley, and the Gedo region in particular, has some of the largest livestock headcount in southern Somalia. This new center is on the western side of Bardera city on the road to El Wak. The center functions under directorship of Bardera Polytechnic and its School of Veterinary Medicine.
Before the collapse of the central government in Somalia, herders had an army of helping hands from the central government Ministry of Livestock and Forestry Management. "Mashruuca Gosha iyo Gendiga" was a Somali central government project which was founded in the early 1970s and it focused on treating and preventing diseases caused by large flies which were infested in Jubba Valley forests. This area of grassing land is used during barbax season (dry season) by camel herders from all neighboring regions such as the two Jubba regions, Gedo, Lower Shabeelle and Bay region. The project was later expanded to all major grassing lands in Somalia.
Veterinary and Agricultural departments of the Somali National University or "Jaamacada Ummada" had great presence in Bardera. The university used to dispatch team of agricultural and veterinary scientists and their students to help farmers and herders to formulate better management ways. The base for this team was Markableey Hotel, near the Bardera Arc.
Bardera District Veterinary Center.
The center will be established with the help of Bardera Polytechnic. The Gedo region has always been a major producer of livestock and profit-making animal byproducts such as butter, skins and hide. This was evident during the central government rule from independence in 1960 to the overthrow of Somali central government in 1991. Duplication of services will not take place between Bardera District Veterinary Center and volunteer services by Jubba Valley Veterinary Institute from Bardera Polytechnic School of Veterinary Medicine.
The needs of herders for veterinary services is always greater than the services these two institutions will be offering to herders who are always on the move between grasslands on the Jubba River and in the interior of Jubba Valley regions. Observations of disease presence in animals, inoculations, veterinary medicine with minimal fees and advice to herders are some of the services Bardera Polytechnic offers to herders in the region. The school is conducting fundraising activities for money to buy one basic vehicle to transport technicians into the fields.
Currently, herders in southern Somalia and those in North Eastern Province of Kenya are suffering greatly, especially with the droughts in the last few years (such as the major droughts of 2005 and 2008). Animals travel great distances to find water and lands suitable for grazing. Desperate herders cross international boundaries between Somalia and Kenya. Any herds carrying local diseases could have devastating effects on host animals. It’s essential to have joint efforts for information sharing and awareness between institutes and centers dealing with the welfare of these communities. Animals near Jubba River around Bardera, Dolow or Kismayo could reach far distances and go as far as Tana River, such areas as Garissa or vice versa.
Juba Valley Agricultural Institute.
Another center aimed at developing the economy of the region and furthering the skills of the community is Juba Valley Agricultural Institute. Somali farmers have been going and growing without technical support from any government for the longest time, and now the college system is formulating joint collaborations between farming associations and the Bardera Polytechnic Agricultural Department in the field of Agricultural Science.
Juba Valley Agricultural Institute (Italian: Juba Valle Istituto Agrario)is part of the college system and the focus is developing the economic sectors of the district and region which was neglected for close to two decades. To show the strength of the farming sector in Bardera, 95% of Bardera households are able to buy their food stuff [http://www.fsausomali.org/uploads/Other/775.pdf]. This indicates little technical help will yield even greater results of economic empowerment for the larger community. The Dean (Hormuud) of Bardera Polytechnic University, Mohamed Abdullahi Barre, is also the head of this department until suitable person is found.
Departments.
School year for 2008–2009, Bardera Polytechnic has the following Departments and Schools with varying degrees of development.
Second phase initiative include the establishment of the following programs and/or centers at the earliest feasible time.
Programs.
Currently, the initial phase programs at BPU include:
College skills training centers.
In addition, the school has two collaborating centers dealing with Adult Continuing Education Centre and Public (government) Services Training Center. Bardera Polytechnic College is planned to play a role in the education and economic development of Gedo region's largest district. Skills requiring one to two-year schooling will further enhance the economic opportunities of this farming community. Top three most needed skills in Bardera region are related in the areas of health (including veterinary), agriculture and construction.
Bardera District has sizable farming population. There are over 90 towns and villages in Bardera District. Only Bardera, Sarinley, Dar and Fafahdhun have any schooling as of 2007. Aside from agricultural and livestock management courses, Bardera Polytechnic will train students in other programs where short-term skills training is the goal. There are internship programs in the following fields which range in training period from 6 months to one year:
Initial enrollment was limited to 80 students who have either completed high school in previous years and or those who are mature adults who have had work experience relating to their interested fields of study. Some 30 students for continuing education were registered at the beginning of 2008-2009 school year as well.
Bardera Polytechnic intends to fill the great need for educated citizens in the Jubba Regions and beyond. Similarly, Bardera Polytechnic plans to include its student body fast numbers of girls, as women have taken many leading roles at community services which have supported the betterment of the Somali people ever since the collapse of the central government. Women run many businesses and organizations in Somalia. Hospitals in Hargeisa, Bardera, Mogadishu, Kismayo, Belet Weyn and other large cities in Somalia currently employ mostly or exclusively female nurses, pharmacists, administrators and medical technicians as there are no trained doctors present in the country.
Female contributions.
Somali female doctors and nurses are increasingly taking leadership roles at health centers throughout Somalia whether in the north, central or south. Dr. Hawa Abdi Dhiblawe is famous for simply being there for the greatly suffering people of Mogadishu. Another example is work done by a former nurse, Edna Adan, who established Edna Adan Maternity Hospital and with great success. A third such example brings us back to Bardera, two successive administrators of East Bardera Hospital were women. Nurse Lul Abdullahi Barre and the woman who succeeded her is Nurse Fardowsa Abdinur Hashi.
Keeping this in mind, Bardera Polytechnic plans to recruit women and girls for all programs including administrative and training positions. Summar intake period which falls onto February–March will include 40 women out of 60 spaces available for various medical training programs.
Pharmacy education.
Bardera Polytechnic's Pharmacy Program offers three-year pharmacy degree. The pharmacy program has ethics training in its core curriculum. Private pharmacies in Somalia have been operating in an industry that lacked an important factor, self-discipline.
Horror stories told by countless people in Somalia for the last two decades, caused BPC to design the current pharmacy program and the objective being to return the community and hospital pharmacies, the good position they used to be.
All other medical programs at Bardera Polytechnic emphasize the importance of ethics in all aspects of business activities, whether dealing with private entities or non-for-profit institutions that carry out public services.
Gedo Region Education Development Centre at Bardera Polytechnic.
As there is no functioning ministry of education in Somalia, Bardera Polytechnic administration and supporters created regional curicullum office to further the standards and operations for schools currently in operation in the region from Balad Hawo to Bardera.
The first general meeting for all concerned will be held on September 22, 2010. Expected participants include administrators, principals and school board members from HIRDA, SEHO, University of Gedo and Markabley Educational Foundation. Also invited are individual educators, governmental agencies and all other interested parties from Gedo and surrounding regions. Gedo Education Committee (GEC) leader Ahmed Abdirahman Kaynan was the lead expert in 2010 gathering.

</doc>
<doc id="19539148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539148" title="Nunthala">
Nunthala

Nunthala is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,135 persons living in 788 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539164" title="Patheka">
Patheka

Patheka is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,135 persons living in 788 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539176" title="Pauwasera">
Pauwasera

Pauwasera is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,962 persons living in 315 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539183" title="Phedi">
Phedi

Phedi is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,731 persons living in 730 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539185" title="Tam O'Shanter Overture">
Tam O'Shanter Overture

The Tam o' Shanter Overture, Op. 51 by Malcolm Arnold was completed in March 1955. 
The overture is a piece of programme music based on the famous poem by Robert Burns.
The work was first performed at the BBC Proms on 17 August 1955, with the composer conducting the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.
It is dedicated to John Michael Diack, director of Arnold's then publishing company Paterson Sons & Co.. 

</doc>
<doc id="19539189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539189" title="Fight for Tomorrow">
Fight for Tomorrow

Fight for Tomorrow was a six-issue limited series of comic books by writer Brian Wood and artist Denys Cowan, published 2002-2003 by Vertigo.

</doc>
<doc id="19539191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539191" title="Pittsfield Colonials">
Pittsfield Colonials

The Pittsfield Colonials were a baseball team in the independent Canadian-American Association of Professional Baseball, based in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. The team was most recently known as the American Defenders of New Hampshire (often simply referred to as the "Defenders"), and prior to that was known as the Nashua Pride. 
The Colonials (in their previous incarnations as the Defenders and the Pride), played in Nashua, New Hampshire from their debut as part of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball in 1998 until the end of the 2009 season, and called Holman Stadium in Nashua home, until the summer of 2009. In August of that year, the city of Nashua evicted the Defenders from their home and parked a tractor on home plate, refusing to move it or let the team back into the stadium until $45,000 in back rent and property taxes were repaid to the city.
The team has played at Wahconah Park, the former home of the Berskhire Black Bears of the Northeast League (the Can-Am League's predecessor), since 2010; the Colonials are the first Can-Am or Northeast League team to call the park home since the Black Bears moved to New Haven, Connecticut in 2004. The team's name was chosen in March 2010 after a contest run by the "Berkshire Eagle", one of the two papers that have covered the Colonials since the 2010 season.
The move to Pittsfield forced the displacement of Wahconah's previous tenants, the NECBL's Pittsfield American Defenders, which were owned by the same ownership group that bought the Pride in 2008. In the case of the Pride and the former Pittsfield Dukes, the ownership group changed the name of the team. The American Defenders name was an homage to the U.S. Armed Forces. One of the prominent members of the team's prior ownership group, Terry Allvord, is the founder of armed forces baseball in the modern era and a retired U.S. Naval Lieutenant Commander who served 23 years and logged over 5,000 flight hours as a rescue swimmer and helicopter pilot. The former Pittsfield franchise in the NECBL is now based in Mystic, Connecticut, where it is known as the Mystic Schooners.
History.
The Nashua Pride was one of the founding members of the Atlantic League in 1998. In the 2000 season, the team swept the Somerset Patriots in three games to win the Atlantic League Championship Series. However, the Patriots answered that loss by defeating the Pride in the 2003 and 2005 championships. The Pride had one of the lowest average attendances in the league was the farthest team from the core of the league. In 2006, the team moved to the Canadian American Association (Can-Am League). As Nashua is closer in proximity to the teams of the Can-Am League than those of the Atlantic, the Pride was relieved of the expensive travel to away games.
The Nashua Pride won the 2007 Can-Am League championship.
Sale of the Pride.
Following the 2008 season, the former owner of the team, John Stabile, sold the team to the American Defenders of New Hampshire, LLC. With the sale of the team, the name was changed from the Nashua Pride to the American Defenders of New Hampshire, placing less of an emphasis on the Nashua market. The change of the geographical portion of the name is meant to emphasize the globalism of the United States military.
American Defenders of New Hampshire ownership consisted of Nokona executives Buddy Lewis and Jerry O'Connor, former Boston Red Sox general manager Dan Duquette, and Terry Allvord, founder of the U.S. Military All-Stars "Red, White and Blue Tour".
The new management promoted Brian Daubach, who became the hitting coach of the Nashua Pride during the second half of 2008, to manage the team.
Allvord, O'Connor, and Duquette are no longer owners of the team, as Buddy Lewis led new investors who purchased the team in early 2010.
Folding.
It was announced on October 4, 2011 that the Can-Am League owners voted to rescind the team's membership in the league. Buddy Lewis was again searching for investors, but was unable to convince anyone to buy in.

</doc>
<doc id="19539197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539197" title="R. Maheswori">
R. Maheswori

R. Maheswori is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,719.

</doc>
<doc id="19539210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539210" title="Rajapani">
Rajapani

Rajapani is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,444 persons living in 622 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539217" title="Rakha Bangdel">
Rakha Bangdel

Rakha Bangdel is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,915 persons living in 586 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539223" title="Rakha Dipsung">
Rakha Dipsung

Rakha Dipsung is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 972.

</doc>
<doc id="19539226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539226" title="Henrik Nissen">
Henrik Nissen

Johannes Henrik Nissen ( 21 April 1848 – 4 June 1915) was a Norwegian architect.
Personal life.
He was born in Christiania as a son of school manager Hartvig Nissen (1815–1874) and Karen Magdalena Aas (1820–1900). He was a great-grandson of Martinus Nissen and Erik Andreas Colban, and brother of Per Schjelderup Nissen. Through his sister Helga Johanne Arentz Nissen he was a brother-in-law of Johan Johannson and uncle of Johan and Ole Hartvig Nissen Johannson.
In October 1875 in Berlin he married Hedwig Marie Pauline Bauer (1853–1929). Their son Henrik Nissen, Jr. (1888–1953) also worked as an architect. Henrik was also an uncle of prison director Hartvig Nissen and Kristian Nissen.
Career.
After his final exams in 1866, Nissen was a student at the Royal Drawing School in Christiania. He studied architecture at the Bauakademie in Berlin 1869–74. He was apprenticed to the architect firm Due & Steckmest in Christiania.
From 1875 he ran its own architectural office, from 1878 to 1882 in partnership with Holm Hansen Munthe. From 1886–1896, he had a close association with Henning Astrup (1864–1896). Henrik Nissen drew the upper secondary school which was established by his father, "Hartvig Nissens skole", as well as many other buildings in Kristiania. In addition, his drawings were used for churches all over Norway. Henrik Nissen also had the opportunity to conduct a series of expensive buildings for wealthy clients. The details were influenced by both Swiss style and Gothic Revival architecture. He was a building manager in the city of Oslo from 1904 to 1906 and also had some own architectural practice.
He was chairman of the Norwegian Engineering and Architectural Society 1890 and 1895–96, and 1911–15. He was the first chairman of the Association of Norwegian Architects Association. He was also a juror in a wide range of important architectural competitions, and he was politically active as a representative of the Conservative Party in Oslo 1897-1998 and the Council of Representatives 1898–1901. Nissen was appointed Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="19539228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539228" title="Leilton">
Leilton

Leílton Silva dos Santos usually known as Leilton (born March 7, 1982) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod in the Russian Premier League.
Leílton previously played for Esporte Clube Vitória in the Campeonato Brasileiro.

</doc>
<doc id="19539236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539236" title="Ratancha Majhagau">
Ratancha Majhagau

Ratancha Majhagau is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,176 persons living in 591 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539244" title="Ribdung Jaleswori">
Ribdung Jaleswori

Ribdung Jaleswori is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,039 persons living in 416 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539258" title="Ribdung Maheswori">
Ribdung Maheswori

Ribdung Maheswori is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,039 persons living in 494 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539265" title="Konyachō, Chiyoda, Tokyo">
Konyachō, Chiyoda, Tokyo

, formally , is a district of Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.
The district is made up of two non-contiguous (northern and southern) neighborhoods split by Kitanorimonochō. Originally, only the southern portion had been called Konyachō. But in 1719, the Edo government ordered a part of Konyachō's residents to move to the north of Kitanorimonochō for disaster prevention. Since then, both portions adjacent to Kitanorimonochō have been called Konyachō.
Today, the district is a business district near Kanda Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19539268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539268" title="Salle, Nepal">
Salle, Nepal

Salle is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,931 persons living in 357 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539269" title="Georg Holzer">
Georg Holzer

Georg Holzer (born 1957 in Vienna) is an Austrian Slavist and Indo-Europeanist.
After graduating in Slavic Studies and Indo-European Studies at the University of Vienna, he earned his doctorate in 1982. Immediately thereafter he started a three-year appointment as a lecturer for German language at the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences in Zagreb. Since 1997 he has been an Associate Professor at the Institute for Slavic Studies at the University of Vienna. He also occasionally teaches at the universities of Zagreb and Zadar.
Holzer is the author of five books and over 50 scientific articles. In 1995, Holzer devised a new theory about the state of the Proto-Slavic language around 600 AD. After initial skepticism, the far-reaching statements on a relatively narrow empirical basis have been recognized in comparative Slavistics. Holzer is the author of the article "Urslawisch" ('Proto-Slavic') published in the "Lexikon der Sprachen des europäischen Ostens" ('Encyclopaedia of the languages of the European East'). This is part of the plan of the Austrian Ministry of Science since 2000. The Encyclopedia of the European East ('"Enzyklopädie des europäischen Ostens", EEO) has been published, in Klagenfurt. 
Holzer directs the ongoing research project started in January 2001: "The language of the medieval Slavs in Austria" ("Die Sprache des mittelalterlichen Slawentums in Österreich"), conducted by the Austrian Academy of Sciences, with research assistant Angela Bergermayer. As a result of this project a dictionary of medieval Slavic words and glosses will be published, based on toponomastic material covering the territory of Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19539275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539275" title="Santeswor Chhitapokhari">
Santeswor Chhitapokhari

Santeswor Chhitapokhari is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,832 persons living in 495 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539276" title="Colegio de San Pascual Baylon">
Colegio de San Pascual Baylon

Colegio de San Pascual Baylon or the College of St. Paschal Baylon (CSPB, formerly Escuela Catolica and St. Pascual Institution (SPI) is a collegiate school at Obando, Bulacan in the Philippines. The school started as a catechetical school on the 11th of February, 1913 through the efforts of Rev. Fr. Juan Dilag, then parish priest of Obando. It became a pre-elementary school, and elementary institution in 1936, added a secondary level in 1939 through 1943, then became a college. Formerly managed by the Sisters Religious of the Virgin Mary, it is currently managed by the Dominican Sisters of St. Joseph, a religious congregation in Bulacan. It was formally recognized by the government of the Philippines in 1921. Its name was derived from one of Obando, Bulacan’s patron saints.
History.
World War II.
After being destroyed by fire in February 1944, the school re-opened in 1947. There was separate departments for boys and girls during the time of the parish priest Rev. Fr. Rome Fernandez, who also served as a director of the educational institution. Fernandez managed the boys department while the Religious of the Virgin Mary sisters managed the girls department. After twelve years, the two departments were merged, during the school year of 1975-1976. The kindergarten level was also opened during that time. The merging of the boys and girls departments only lasted for seven years. The two departments separated during the school year 1982-1983. A college department was later opened on June 1985, leading to the change of name from St. Pascual Institution to Colegio de San Pascual Baylon. In 1988, the management of the school was handed over to the Dominican Sisters of St. Joseph by the Most Rev. Cirilo R. Almario, D.D., the bishop of Malolos, Bulacan.
Present time.
As an educational community, Colegio de San Pascual Baylon is run by 125 personnel (teaching, non-teaching and administrative staff). The college normally educates about 1,939 students per year, from nursery education to the college level. The students are referred to as Paschalians. The school is now 100 years old.
Facilities.
The school has a speech laboratory, a library, an audio-visual room, and participates in the yearly inter-school competition held by the BULPRISA or Bulacan Private Schools Association. Apart from academic lessons, the school also provides training in sports-related activities such as basketball, volleyball, and badminton. "Kairos", its student newspaper which was first published in 2004, is published twice in a school year.

</doc>
<doc id="19539283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539283" title="Sapteswor">
Sapteswor

Sapteswor is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,457 persons living in 480 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539284" title="Saunechaur">
Saunechaur

Saunechaur is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,255 persons living in 406 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539290" title="Klaus Jacob (political scientist)">
Klaus Jacob (political scientist)

Klaus Jacob (born 4 January 1967) is a German political scientist, working as Research Director at the Environmental Policy Research Centre, Freie Universität Berlin. He publishes on issues such as environmental policy in international comparison, environmental policy integration in the various domains of policy making and innovation and market effects of environmental policy.
Jacob is chair of the Environmental Policy / Global Change Section of the German Association of Political Scientists (DVPW) and chair of the organising committee of the international conference series "Berlin Conferences on the Human Dimension of Global Environmental Change".
Books published and edited by Klaus Jacob:

</doc>
<doc id="19539291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539291" title="Tuxtla">
Tuxtla

Tuxtla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19539294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539294" title="Sawakatahare">
Sawakatahare

Sawakatahare is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,052 persons living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539298" title="Lord Byron School (Gyumri)">
Lord Byron School (Gyumri)

Lord Byron School #20 () was founded in 1988 in Gyumri (formerly Leninakan) following the Spitak earthquake that devastated the city, by funds provided by the British Government as well as donations raised by the British people. A carved stone cross called a Khatchkar was placed in a British school by the Armenian government in thanks for the rebuilding of this school following the 1988 earthquake. 
History.
The school was built in 1950 and was named after the Armenian playwright Gabriel Soundukyan. The 1988 earthquake occurred at 11:41 local time when most people were either at work or at school.
The Soviet premier Mikhail Gorbachev asked for international assistance. The death toll from the quake was 25,000 and the school lost over 40 students and staff.
The rebuilt school was opened by the United Kingdom Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher on 10 June 1990 on her first trip to the Soviet Union. Since then there has been support from Armenians living abroad. A new boiler-house was constructed and a playground were paid for by the Armenian General Benevolent Union.
After the building a partnership was established between Lord Byron School and a school near to Byron's resting place near Nottingham. As a symbol of thanks the government arranged for a khatchkar (traditional Armenian carved stone cross) to be placed in the British school's playground.
Layout.
The design for the school was by British architects. The materials, furniture and the labour required to construct the school were exported from the United Kingdom. There are six low rise buildings, they were arranged in a two by three grid and the main entrance approached one of the two central buildings. Behind the central building is the craft and dining building. To the left of the administration building is a primary building and behind that a gym. To the right is a building for language study and behind that a combined building for maths and science.
Curriculum.
Lord Byron school has a building dedicated to the study of languages and the school specializes in the study of English in particular. The school is also known for its use of computers and for its access to the Internet.
Every January 22nd the school celebrates Byron Day.

</doc>
<doc id="19539303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539303" title="Simpani, Sagarmatha">
Simpani, Sagarmatha

Simpani is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,596 persons living in 676 individual households. According to Simpani VDC record in 2008, its total population is 5713.

</doc>
<doc id="19539307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539307" title="HD 30442">
HD 30442

HD 30442 is a double star in the constellation Camelopardalis.

</doc>
<doc id="19539313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539313" title="Sungdel">
Sungdel

Sungdel is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,846 persons living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
