<doc id="19625781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625781" title="Cathcart Wight-Boycott">
Cathcart Wight-Boycott

Air Commodore Cathcart Michael Wight-Boycott CBE DSO and bar MA, RAF R’td (18 August 1910 – December 1998) was a British fighter pilot during the Second World War and a senior Royal Air Force officer during the post-war years. As an Air Commodore in 1961 Wight-Boycott became the 10th Commandant Royal Observer Corps.
Early life.
Wight-Boycott attended Clare College at Cambridge University where he joined the Cambridge University Air Squadron that was based at RAF Duxford and learned to fly in 1930. After leaving university he joined the Metropolitan Police as a non-uniformed civilian administrator.
In September 1937 Wight-Boycott joined the RAF Volunteer Reserve as a Pilot Officer in his spare time and undertook advanced combat training on Hawker Hurricanes. He was promoted to Flying Officer in the RAFVR before enlisting on a short service commission in the RAF at the start of the Second World War in September 1939.
Service history.
Royal Air Force.
After joining the RAF he was promoted to Flight Lieutenant and his first posting was as a QFI at No. 1 Elementary and Reserve Flying Training School, Hatfield where he remained until May 1941. He was sent on a course at No. 54 Operational Training Unit before receiving a combat posting as a fighter pilot with No. 219 Squadron RAF. In July 1941 he was promoted again to Acting Squadron Leader and appointed as flight commander of ‘B’ flight.
In September 1942 his rank of Squadron Leader having been made substantive he was promoted to Acting Wing Commander and posted to RAF West Malling as Officer Commanding No. 29 Squadron RAF flying Bristol Beaufighters. Between December 1942 and January 1943 he took the additional temporary role of Station Commander at West Malling.
In February 1943, he was reverted to Squadron Leader (War Substantive) before he was posted in to No. 81 Group RAF as a headquarters staff officer. In July that year Wight-Boycott returned to operational flying as an Acting Wing Commander and Officer Commanding No. 9 Group RAF. In the September he was appointed Officer Commanding No. 25 Squadron RAF flying de Havilland Mosquitos. Wight-Boycott finished the air war with a score of seven aircraft destroyed, two damaged and two V-1 flying bombs shot down and destroyed. 
In September 1944 Wight-Boycott was posted as a Headquarters Staff Officer with No. 12 Group RAF but only a few months later moved to an appointment as Station Commander of RAF Church Fenton. In early 1945 he moved, again as Station Commander, to RAF Molesworth home of the USAF 303rd Bombardment Group and remained there until September when he attended a ‘’Methods of Instruction’’ course at the RAF Senior Staff College.
Following his course he became an instructor at the RAF’s Officers’ Advanced Training School. As the war ended Wight-Boycott was confirmed as a permanent commission officer in the substantive rank of Squadron Leader. In July 1947 he was promoted to Wing Commander with seniority and pay backdated to October 1946. In February 1948 he was posted as the Air Staff Officer at Headquarters, RAF Middle East. He returned to the UK in 1950 on the staff at Headquarters Southern Sector, Fighter Command at RAF Colerne.
Promoted to Group Captain in July 1952 he took up the appointment of Station Commander at Colerne where remained until 1954 when he became a QFI at the RAF Flying College, RAF Manby in Lincolnshire. In April 1955 he was posted to RAF Luqa as Senior Air Staff Officer (SASO) at Air Headquarters Malta.
On 13 January 1958 he was appointed the RAF’s "Director of Operational Requirements (A)", moving sideways as "Director of Organisation/Logistics (Forecasting and Planning)" in September that year.
Royal Observer Corps.
On 1 July 1958 Wight-Boycott received his final promotion to Air Commodore and was appointed as the tenth Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps, taking over from Air Commodore J M Warfield. He had taken over the ROC at a crucial time in its development, as the building programme of 1,500 underground monitoring posts and 31 operational group controls, to provide protected accommodation during nuclear warfare, had just started all over the UK. As Commandant, Wight-Boycott found himself travelling the country to perform endless opening ceremonies as each new Group Control bunker was commissioned and declared operational.
In the course of the massive consolidation of the organisation nine previous ROC groups were disestablished and closed. Some spare time observers were able to transfer to nearby groups but many others, together with the groups' civilian staffs, found that their services were no longer required and they were stood down. The professional wholetime officers from the closed group headquarters were declared supernumerary, redesignated as "Mobile Training Officers" and spent the next few years moving from group to group covering holiday and illness absences by other officers. The arrangement continued until natural wastage had reduced the cadre back to the new manning levels.
In July 1961 Wight-Boycott presented a Royal Observer Corps long-service medal to the Battle of Britain Class locomotive "Royal Observer Corps" that had started its service with the Great Western Railway company in December 1948. The ceremony took place at Waterloo Station. The locomotive's cab was repainted with a representation of the medal and its ribbon and displayed it until the engine was withdrawn from service and broken up in the late 1960s. Following the engine's break up its original nameplate and front badge were recovered and displayed in the entrance hall of Headquarters ROC at RAF Bentley Priory, until 1996 when it was transferred to the RAF Museum.
On 3 June 1964 Air Commodore Wight-Boycott retired from the RAF and handed over command of the Corps to Air Commodore J H Greswell.
Retired appointment.
Following his retirement from active service in 1964 Wight-Boycott remained in uniform as a retired 'C' class status Senior Staff Officer in charge of flying training at the Headquarters of the Air Cadets. Wight-Boycott's son also served in the RAF and is recorded as being a Group Captain and serving as Regional Commandant of Scotland and Northern Ireland ATC.

</doc>
<doc id="19625786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625786" title="Ibtisam Lutfi">
Ibtisam Lutfi

Ibtisam Lutfi () is a blind Saudi singer. She was born Khayriyyah Qurban () in Saudi Arabia, and is one of the first female singers of that country. She began her career singing at wedding feasts in the city of Jiddah in the 1960s and over the next two decades she became famous in her native country as well as in Egypt. She retired from singing in the mid-1980s due to her mother's death. In a phone call with al arabya channel in November 17, 2013 she confirmed that she will be returning to her singing career.

</doc>
<doc id="19625795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625795" title="Another Left">
Another Left

Another Left ("Une Autre Gauche") was an electoral initiative in Wallonia, Belgium. It was founded in 2006 as a result of proposed cooperation between the Revolutionary Communist League and other left groups.
Its Flemish counterpart is the Committee for Another Policy, with whom it participated in the 2007 federal elections. It is an observer member of the European Left.

</doc>
<doc id="19625797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625797" title="2005–06 Liga Leumit">
2005–06 Liga Leumit

The 2005–06 Liga Leumit season saw Maccabi Herzliya win the title and promotion to the Premier League. Runners-up Hakoah Amidar Ramat Gan were also promoted.
Ironi Rishon LeZion and Maccabi Be'er Sheva (playing in their first, and to date only, season at the second level) were relegated to Liga Artzit.
Final table.
1. Two points deducted.
2. One point deducted.

</doc>
<doc id="19625806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625806" title="Rooney Ranch">
Rooney Ranch

Rooney Ranch is an historic ranch near Morrison, unincorporated Jefferson County, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="19625816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625816" title="Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers">
Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers

Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers (February 13, 1863 – October 21, 1910) was a Canadian soldier and the founder of the Canadian Signalling Corps.
Education.
Born in Kingston, Ontario, Carruthers graduated from the Royal Military College of Canada (College Number 82) in 1883.
Service.
Upon graduation from RMC he served in the 21st Hussars for four years before returning to Canada. He then served in the 14th Battalion of Rifles until 1899 when he resigned his commission in order to take part in the South African War. He served as a Sergeant in the 2nd (Special Service) Battalion of The Royal Canadian Regiment. and took part in the Battle of Paardeberg. Carruthers returned to South Africa for further service as a Lieutenant in the 2nd Regiment, Canadian Mounted Rifles. On March 31, 1902 he was involved in the action at Harts River (Boschbult) where he was leading some 21 men of 3rd and 4th Troops 'E' Squadron to screen the main body of Cookson's Column as they prepared a defensive position. Faced with several hundred charging Boers and no cover, Lieutenant Carruthers dismounted his men to meet the attack. They fought until out of ammunition by which time 17 had been killed or wounded, including Carruthers. As a result of his service he was awarded the Queen's South Africa Medal with five clasps: Paardeberg, Driefontein, Johannesburg, Cape Colony, SA 1902.
Based on his experiences in South Africa and his recognition of the importance of communications he lobbied for the establishment of a signal corps upon his return to Canada. He was successful and on October 24, 1903 the first independently organized signal corps in the British Empire was formed. Carruthers was appointed Inspector of Signalling of the young Corps and, when reorganization in 1906, was appointed the Assistant Adjutant-General for Signalling.
Major Carruthers died at the age of 47 on October 21, 1910, from tuberculosis contracted during his service in South Africa. He was given a huge military funeral at Chalmers Presbyterian Church and was buried in the Cataraqui Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19625828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625828" title="Port Hope Conference">
Port Hope Conference

The Port Hope Conference was a meeting of the Conservative Party of Canada at Port Hope, Canada in 1942 to develop a new party platform.
History.
The Conservative Party's popular support had been waning (particularly in western Canada) during difficult economic times from the 1920s to 1940s, as it was seen by many in the west as an eastern establishment party which ignored the needs of the citizens of Western Canada. Westerners of multiple political convictions including small-"c" conservatives saw the party as being disinterested in the economically unstable Prairie regions of the west at the time and instead holding close ties with the business elite of Ontario and Quebec.
The charter.
After an election defeat in 1942,a group of younger Conservatives decide to meet in Port Hope to develop a new Conservative policy they hoped would bring them out of the political "wilderness". The participants, known as the Port Hopefuls, developed a program including many Conservative dogmas such as support for free enterprise and conscription. Yet the charter also included more "radical" goals, such as full-employment, low-cost housing, trade union rights, as well as a whole range of social security measures, including a government financed medicare system.
Reaction and influence.
Although many Conservatives rejected the charter, the charter still influenced party decisions. Delegates at the convention drafted John Bracken as leader, who was not even a member of the party. Bracken supported the Port Hope Charter and insisted the party register this policy shift by changing its name to the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19625861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625861" title="Norddalsfjorden">
Norddalsfjorden

Norddalsfjorden is a branch off of the main Storfjorden in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. The fjord is located in Norddal Municipality and a small part is also in Stranda Municipality. The fjord is long, when you include the Tafjorden arm that stretches further east, it is in total. In the Middle Ages, the combined Norddalsfjorden and Tafjorden were probably called «Todarfjorden» (Tafjorden). Norwegian County Road 63 and Norwegian County Road 650 runs along the fjord and includes a ferry crossing between Eidsdal and Linge. In the 1960s villages Stranda-Liabygda-Eidsdal-Valldal-Norddal-Fjørå-Tafjord were still connected by a web of ferry crossings.
The fjord's mouth sits to the west between the village of Liabygda on the northern shore and mount Skrednakken on the southern shore. Further into the fjord, the villages of Eidsdal and Norddal lie along the southern shore, and their respective rivers . Eidsdal is connected to Linge on the northern shore by a ferry. A few kilometers east of Linge lies the village Sylte at the mouth of river Valldøla which runs through the large Valldalen valley. Further east lies the tiny village of Fjøra, at the mouth of Tafjorden. The village of Tafjord lies at the end of the Tafjorden arm.

</doc>
<doc id="19625863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625863" title="Phnom Kulen National Park">
Phnom Kulen National Park

Phnom Kulen National Park is a National park in Cambodia. It is located in the Phnom Kulen () mountain massif in Siem Reap Province. During Angkorian era the relief was known as "Mahendraparvata" (the mountain of Great Indra) and was the place where Jayavarman II had himself declared chakravartin (King of Kings), an act which is considered the foundation of Khmer Empire.
Archaeological sites.
Phnom Kulen National Park is located in Svay Leu District about 48 km from the provincial town of Siem Reap and about 25 km from Prasat Banteay Srey via Charles De Gaulle Road. At Phnom Kulen there are several attractive places, such as:
Chup Preah.
Chup Preah () is the plain spot where having cool water flows and is located at the mountain’s valley. Next to it, there is a rare big tree of Cham Pa having 0.7 meter diameter and 15-meter height. At Chup Preah, there is a big Buddhist statue and many other small statues made during 16th century.
Linga 1,000.
Linga 1,000 () is located on the mountain, along the Kbal Spean River, which is tributary of Siem Reap River and has a lot of figures of Yoni and Linga spreading out at the bottom of the river.
Terrace of Sdach Kamlung.
Terrace of Sdach Kamlung () is a plain terrace having a small ruined temple made of solid brick at the middle; the study proves that the terrace was covered by lava for hundreds years.
Preah Ang Thom.
Preah Ang Thom () is an 8 meter tall statue of the reclining Buddha reaching nirvana. The statue is carved into a huge sandstone boulder. Preah Ang Thom is the sacred and worshipping god for Phnom Kulen. There are also two big trees of Cham Pa () at nearby. Besides Preah Ang Thom, there are Chhok Ruot (), footprint of Preah Bat Choan Tuk (), Peung Chhok (), Peung Ey So () and Peung Ey Sey ().
Waterfalls.
There are two main waterfalls in Phnom Kulen (): 
Archeological activities.
After initial reconnaissances by French scholars, the historical relevance of Phnom Kulen was pointed out by Philippe Stern, who visited it in 1936 and described "Rong Chen" as the first temple-mountain. In 1973 and 1979 Jean Boulbet and Bruno Dagens published the fundamental archeological inventory and mapping of Phonm Kulen. In 2008 Archaeology & Development Foundation begun Phnom Kulen Program, an archaeological project focused even on sustainable development of local communities.
In June 2013, an archaeological team announced the discovery and mapping of the ancient city of Mahendraparvata on the slopes of Phnom Kulen. The multi-year expedition was notable for its use of Lidar technology to reveal the layout of the city from beneath jungle and earth. 30 previously unidentified temples have been discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="19625872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625872" title="Marcelius Haga">
Marcelius Haga

Marcelius Haga (29 September 1882 – ??) was a Norwegian politician.
Born in Høyland, he graduated from the Stord Teacher's College in 1902. He then worked as a teacher for four years before enrolling at the Norwegian College of Agriculture. He graduated there in 1908, and worked as a research fellow the following year. He then worked as a school teacher and manager as well as farmer the rest of his professional life, including two years at the Teacher's College at Notodden (today a part of Telemark University College).
Settling in Nes, Buskerud, Marcelius Haga served as mayor from 1919 to 1934. From 1928 to 1931 he was also the chairman of Buskerud county council. He also served as a deputy representative for the Liberal Party to the Parliament of Norway from 1937, representing Buskerud county. However, he later joined the fascist party Nasjonal Samling which governed Norway during parts of the German occupation of the country. He was then a Nazi-installed mayor of Nes. As a part of the legal purge in Norway after World War II he was sentenced to loss of civil rights, plus a fine.

</doc>
<doc id="19625886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625886" title="Kate Allenby">
Kate Allenby

Kate Allenby MBE (born 16 March 1974), is a British modern pentathlete who competed in two Summer Olympics, taking the bronze medal at the 2000 Games and placing in 8th place in 2004. She has won medals at four World Championships, and after retiring from sport, she became a PE teacher in Bath, England.
Early life.
She was born in Tavistock, Devon, but lived in Australia during her childhood. Her father ran three London Marathons and played field hockey at the county level. Kate joined The Pony Club and began to compete in tetrathlon, which features all the same events as the modern pentathlon except for the fencing event. Her original inspiration for getting involved in athletics came from Sebastian Coe's victory in the men's 1500 metres at the 1980 Summer Olympics, and she dreamt of competing at the Olympics.
Career.
She switched from tetrathon to modern pentathlon at the age of sixteen after her father suggested she tried fencing. She won the bronze medal at the 1994 Junior European Championship, going one place better during the following year taking the silver medal. Although she initially trained part-time while working as a fitness consultant, she received National Lottery funding in 1997 enabling her to take up full-time training. Whilst ranked as the world number three in her sport in 1999, she won the sporting section of the Cosmopolitan Woman of the year Awards.
Competing for the British team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Allenby won a bronze medal in modern pentathlon with team-mate Steph Cook taking the gold. She decided to continue competing following the Olympics in order to represent Britain once more at the 2004 Summer Olympics. 
At the 2004 Games in Athens she finished eighth in the Modern pentathlon competition. Having been in second place during the swimming event, she dropped down in the rankings following the horse riding. After the final event, the 1500 metres, she congratualated her team-mate Georgina Harland who staged a comeback to take the bronze medal.
She retired from modern pentathlon in 2004, but continued to compete in fencing, becoming British champion in 2005. She retired completely from professional sport prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics. In 2009 she was one of a number of athletes to travel to Iraq to take place in a conference in the Kurdistan Autonomous Region in the hopes of kick starting the sports policy in the area. She has continued to be involved with Modern Pentathlon.
When London became the host city for the 2012 Summer Olympics, Kate was chosen to be the Director of Fence for the Modern Pentathlon event at the Games. The Fence element of ModPen was held at the "Copper Box" at Olympic Park, before handing over to the Swim element at the Aquatics Centre, and then on to Greenwich Park for the Ride, and Combined Run and Shoot and finally Medals Ceremony.
Personal life.
While competing, she studied for a Master's degree in Philosophy at the University of Surrey. After retiring from elite sport she retrained as a teacher and is currently teaching physical education at Paragon Junior School in Bath and also is on the inspiration speakers circuit. Prior to the 2012 Summer Olympics, she carried the Olympic torch through Bath as part of the torch relay.
She was awarded an MBE for services to sport in the 2008 New Years Honours List. In 1997 she was voted onto the British Olympic Association athletes commission and became chair in 2003. The Association nominated her to carry the Olympic torch in 2012. She lives in Limpley Stoke, Wiltshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19625900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625900" title="James Hanlon">
James Hanlon

James Hanlon (born 1966) is a former New York City firefighter, an actor and director. He co-directed the CBS documentary film "9/11" with Jules and Gedeon Naudet.
Career.
Hanlon received a degree in Journalism and Media and went on to work at "The Daily News" from 1989-1994.
In 1994 he joined the New York City Fire Department as a firefighter.
In 2001 he convinced the Commissioner to allow him to shoot a documentary about Tony Benetatos, a probationary, or "probie", firefighter. During filming, the September 11 attacks occurred and the documentary became the film "9/11" which he co-directed with Jules and Gedeon Naudet and which aired on CBS.
He directed the independent documentary film "Popwhore: A New American Dream". The film won the grand jury at the New York International Independent Film and Video Festival.
He has appeared as an actor in episodes of "NYPD Blue", "Sex and the City", "Criminal Minds" and "Law and Order" amongst other roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19625905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625905" title="The Best of Richard Marx">
The Best of Richard Marx

The Best of Richard Marx is the fourth compilation album of Richard Marx released by EMI. This album contains a variety of Marx's popular chart hits.

</doc>
<doc id="19625923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625923" title="Whispered and Shouted">
Whispered and Shouted

Whispered and Shouted is the second studio album released by Contemporary Christian musician Aaron Shust. It was released on June 5, 2007 and debuted at #151 on the "Billboard" 200.
Background.
Aaron Shust said of the meaning behind the album's title; "I chose the title for the project as I considered how God reveals himself to us. He whispers in the wind and shouts in the waves that he loves us and hears us."
Release.
"Whispered and Shouted" was released in the United States on June 5, 2007. It debuted at #151 on the "Billboard" 200 and #17 on "Billboard"'s Top Independent Albums chart. The first single released from the album was the song "Give Me Words to Speak".
Awards.
In 2008, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year at the 39th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19625929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625929" title="Falling Down">
Falling Down

Falling Down is a 1993 crime drama film directed by Joel Schumacher and written by Ebbe Roe Smith. The film stars Michael Douglas in the lead role of William Foster (credited as "D-Fens"), a divorcé and unemployed former defense engineer. The film centers on Foster as he goes on a violent rampage across the city of Los Angeles, trying to reach the house of his estranged ex-wife in time for his daughter's birthday party. Along the way, a series of encounters, both trivial and provocative, cause him to react with violence and make sardonic observations on life, poverty, the economy, and commercialism. Robert Duvall co-stars as Martin Prendergast, an aging LAPD Sergeant on the day of his retirement, who faces his own frustrations, even as he tracks down Foster.
The title of the film, referring to Foster's mental collapse, is taken from the nursery rhyme "London Bridge is Falling Down", which is a recurring motif throughout the film.
Plot.
William Foster (Douglas) is recently divorced, and his ex-wife Beth (Hershey) has a restraining order to keep him away from her and their child, Adele. In addition, he was recently laid off from his job. His frustration grows when his air conditioning fails while he is stuck in traffic. He abandons his car and begins walking across Los Angeles to attend Adele’s birthday party.
At a convenience store, the Korean owner (Chan) refuses to give change for a telephone call. Foster begins ranting about the high prices. The owner grabs a baseball bat and demands Foster leave. Foster takes the bat and destroys much of the merchandise before leaving. Shortly thereafter, while resting on a hill, he is accosted by two gang members who threaten him with a knife and demand his briefcase. Foster attacks them with the bat and takes their knife.
The two gang members, now in a car with two friends, cruise the streets and find Foster in a phone booth. They open fire, hitting several bystanders but not Foster. The driver loses control and crashes. Foster picks up a gun, shoots the one surviving gang member in the leg, and then leaves with their bag of weapons. Foster encounters a panhandler and gives him the briefcase, which only contains his lunch.
At a fast food restaurant, Foster attempts to order breakfast, but they have switched to the lunch menu. After an argument with the manager, Foster pulls a gun and fires into the ceiling. After trying to reassure the frightened employees and customers, he orders lunch, but is annoyed when the burger looks nothing like the one shown on the menu. He leaves, tries to call Beth from a phone booth, then shoots the booth to pieces after being hassled by someone who was waiting to use the phone.
Sergeant Prendergast (Duvall), who is on his last day before retirement, insists on investigating the crimes. Interviews with the witnesses at each scene lead Prendergast to realize that the same person may be responsible. Foster's “D-FENS” vanity license plate proves to be an important lead, because Prendergast remembers being in the same traffic jam as Foster earlier that day. Prendergast and his partner, Detective Torres (Ticotin), visit Foster's mother, who is surprised to learn that Foster lost his job. They realize Foster is heading toward his former family's home in Venice, California and rush to intercept him.
Foster passes a bank where a black man is protesting being rejected for a loan application. The man exchanges a glance with Foster and says "don't forget me" as he is escorted away by police. Foster stops at a military surplus store to buy a new pair of shoes. The owner (Forrest), a white supremacist, diverts Torres’ attention when she comes in to ask questions. After she leaves, he offers Foster a rocket launcher, and congratulates him for shooting "a bunch of niggers" at the Whammy Burger. When Foster expresses distaste for the store owner's racism, the man pulls a gun, tells him he is "going to jail" and attempts to handcuff him, but Foster stabs him with the gang member's knife, then shoots him. He changes into army fatigues and boots, takes the rocket launcher, and leaves.
He encounters a road repair crew, who are not working, and accuses them of doing unnecessary repairs to justify their budget. He pulls out the rocket launcher, but struggles to use it, until a young boy explains how it works. Foster accidentally fires the launcher, blowing up the construction site.
By the time Foster reaches Beth’s house, she has already fled with Adele. He realizes that they may have gone to nearby Venice Pier, but Prendergast and Torres arrive before he can go after them. Foster shoots Torres, injuring her, and flees with Prendergast in pursuit.
At the end of the pier, Foster confronts his ex-wife and daughter. His daughter is happy to see him, but his ex-wife is frightened. Prendergast arrives and acknowledges Foster's complaints about being ill-treated by society, but does not accept that as an excuse for his rampage. Distracting Foster, Beth kicks the gun away as Prendergast draws his revolver, insisting that Foster give himself up. Foster pulls a water gun, forcing Prendergast to shoot him dead.
Box office and reception.
The film grossed $40.9 million against a $25 million budget. It was the number one weekend movie during its first two weeks of release (2/26-28, 3/5-7/93).
Reviews for the film were mixed to positive. "Falling Down" holds a 73% "Certified Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a score of 56 out of 100 ("mixed or average reviews") on Metacritic. Vincent Canby of "The New York Times" called it "the most interesting, all-out commercial American film of the year to date, and one that will function much like a Rorschach test to expose the secrets of those who watch it." Philip Thomas of "Empire" magazine wrote on his review of the film, "While the morality of D-Fens' methods are questionable, there's a resonance about his reaction to everyday annoyances, and Michael Douglas' hypnotic performance makes it memorable." Roger Ebert, who gave the film a positive review at the time of its release, stated of William "D-Fens" Foster:
James Berardinelli wrote ""Falling Down" is replete with gallows humor, almost to the point where it could be classified as a 'black comedy'." John Truby calls the film "an anti-Odyssey story" about "the lie of the American dream". He adds "I can't remember laughing so hard in a movie."
At the time of its release Douglas' father, actor Kirk Douglas, declared "He played it brilliantly. I think it is his best piece of work to date." He also defended the film against critics who claimed that it glorifies lawbreaking: "Michael's character is not the 'hero' or 'newest urban icon'. He is the villain and the victim. Of course, we see many elements of our society that contributed to his madness. We even pity him. But the movie never condones his actions."
Controversy.
The Korean American Coalition protested the film for its treatment of minorities, especially the Korean grocer. Warner Brothers Korea canceled the release of "Falling Down" in South Korea following boycott threats. Unemployed defense workers were also angered at their portrayal in the film. "Falling Down" has been described as a definitive exploration of the notion of the "angry white male"; the character of D-FENS was featured on magazine covers and reported upon as an embodiment of the stereotype.

</doc>
<doc id="19625932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625932" title="Giorgos Skartados">
Giorgos Skartados

Giorgos Skartados (born 7 April 1960) is a retired Greek international footballer.
Career.
Born in Rhodes, Skartados started his career at local club Rodos F.C.. In the summer of 1982, he joined PAOK and played mainly as a midfielder for 256 league games and scored 84 goals, including the national championship in 1985. He was also a regular for the Greek national side.
In 1992, Skartados moved to Iraklis, and then in 1995 he moved to PAOK's traditional rivals Olympiacos F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19625933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625933" title="For Rent One Grammy One Gramps">
For Rent One Grammy One Gramps

For Rent: One Grammy One Gramps is a young adult fiction novel by Ivy Duffy Doherty, published 1982. 
Plot summary.
When the Barnes family come across a for a grammy and gramps for rent, the twins and their parents can't believe it, but respond anyway and become involved in a rewarding adventure they couldn't have imagined. 

</doc>
<doc id="19625939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625939" title="Mont d'Ambin Base Tunnel">
Mont d'Ambin Base Tunnel

The Mont d'Ambin base tunnel is the largest engineering work of the Lyon-Turin rail link project. Reconnaissance work began on the French side in 2002 with the excavation of access points at Modane, then Saint Martin la Porte (2003) and La Praz (2005).
Characteristics.
Following the cancellation of the original project the tunnel alignment has been changed, and the new length will be . This tunnel will be, when it opens, one of the longest rail tunnels in the world, ranking with the Gotthard Base Tunnel (57.1 km) the Seikan Tunnel (54 km) and the Channel Tunnel (50 km).
The portals will be in Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne on the French side and Susa on the Italian side.
The cost of the joint Franco-Italian section (from Saint Jean de Maurienne to Val Susa) is estimated at 9,975 M€ (in January 2010 value). The cost will be borne by the French and Italian governments, and from EU funds.
The tunnel will be used by freight trains, freight shuttles and high speed passenger trains, the latter operating at up to 220 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19625941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625941" title="Robert Hagelin">
Robert Hagelin

Robert Hagelin (2 August 1884 – after 1938) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
Born in Bergen, he moved to Ålesund in 1915 to become the owner and manager of the factory "Aalesunds Margarinfabrikk".
He was a member of Ålesund city council from 1925 to 1928, and served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1931–1933, representing the Market towns of Møre og Romsdal county.

</doc>
<doc id="19625949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625949" title="Rodney Tiffen">
Rodney Tiffen

Rodney Tiffen is an Australian emeritus professor of political science in the Department of Government and International Relations at the University of Sydney.
Tiffen was educated at Monash University, and is considered a specialist in Australian mass media. Tiffen has authored four major publications Tiffen also co-authored a popular reference book, "How Australia Compares", with Ross Gittins, a journalist from the Sydney Morning Herald.

</doc>
<doc id="19625950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625950" title="Traditionsbetriebswerk Stassfurt">
Traditionsbetriebswerk Stassfurt

The Traditionsbetriebswerk Stassfurt (Stassfurt Heritage Locomotive Depot) is a German railway motive power depot at Stassfurt in the state of Saxony-Anhalt that was opened in 1856. Today the locomotive depot, that lies on the Schönebeck to Güsten railway line, is operated by the society "Eisenbahnfreunde Traditionsbahnbetriebswerk Staßfurt" (Railway Friends of the Stassfurt Heritage Locomotive Depot).
The locomotive roundhouse, with its 20m turntable, is over 100 years old and can accommodate 24 locomotives. Until 1988, DRG Class 41 and Class 50 steam locomotives were deployed from here on regular passenger, fast-stopping and freight services.

</doc>
<doc id="19625955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625955" title="Sagmatias">
Sagmatias

Sagmatias is a genus that has been proposed for certain dolphin species that are currently placed in the genus "Lagenorhynchus". Mitochondrial DNA studies have indicated that certain dolphin species within "Lagenorhynchus" are actually more closely related to dolphins within the genus "Cephalorhynchus". In order to resolve this situation it has been proposed that the affected dolphin species be placed within the genus Sagmatias. Affected species are:
In addition, there is evidence that the Hourglass Dolphin ("Lagenorhynchus cruciger") should also be placed within the new genus, although the evidence for this species is less conclusive.
Under this categorization, "Sagmatias", "Cephalorhynchus" and "Lissodelphis" form the subfamily Lissodelphininae within the dolphin family, Delphinidae.
References.
COPE, E. D. 1866. Third contribution to the history of the Balaenidae and Delphinidae. Proceedings of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia, 1866:293-300.

</doc>
<doc id="19625956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625956" title="Jon-Marc McDonald">
Jon-Marc McDonald

Jon-Marc McDonald (born September 20, 1976) is an American born blogger, publicist, political activist and baker. McDonald gained national attention when, at the age of 21, he simultaneously came out of the closet as a gay man and resigned as campaign manager from the 1998 United States congressional campaign of conservative Republican candidate Brian Babin. McDonald went on to work in communications for Barnes & Noble and then as the Corporate Communications and Marketing Officer of the Hong Kong Trade Development Council. Currently McDonald owns and maintains a website devoted to baking that has received widespread media attention. He also writes a political blog that was transformed in late 2008 into an online diary of McDonald’s daily journey since learning that his partner of eight years, to whom McDonald was joined in a Civil Union, was thought to be in the final stages of AIDS. Spotting Love, a play based upon the diary, premiered as part of New York University's 2010 Creating Original Work season and is currently being adapted into a screenplay. McDonald currently serves as the publicist for the estate of Rue McClanahan.
Early life.
McDonald was born in Fort Worth, Texas to Lyn and John McDonald. He has one younger brother, Grant. McDonald is the grandson of the late James E. Coggin, an influential Southern Baptist minister.
McDonald attended Baylor University in Waco, Texas, where he majored in history. He was the president of his freshman class, an electoral commissions member and served as a representative on the student government.
McDonald writes of his college years "Baylor is a really conservative school in a really conservative town in a really conservative state. And I was doing my best at pretending to be a really conservative student with a really conservative girlfriend studying really conservative things. But I had a secret".
Political controversy.
At the age of 21, McDonald resigned from the 1998 United States congressional campaign of Brian Babin, Republican candidate of Texas's 2nd district.
After working on the campaign for three months, McDonald, who is openly gay, abruptly stepped down, citing "irreconcilable differences" with Babin over the issue of homosexuality. According to "The Dallas Morning News", McDonald announced his resignation via press release without discussing it with Babin, and his sudden departure left those in the campaign shocked and confused. In the press release, McDonald wrote "There comes a time when your convictions take precedence over your job, your title and your status."
McDonald generated further press coverage when he stated in an interview after his resignation that Babin thought "homosexuals should be shot", a claim Babin adamantly denied. In some press reports, Babin claimed that McDonald was not the campaign manager, but instead a "volunteer coordinator", also a paid position. One article suggested that McDonald was forced to resign by the local media threatening to "out" him.
The resignation received widespread national media attention due to the sensationalistic way it transpired.
McDonald's account of the resignation varies somewhat from the reported accounts. On his political website, "Screaming from the Rooftop", McDonald recalls the resignation by cryptically writing in his blog "...after a series of events I resigned from the campaign". Later in the same post McDonald claims that he was "...the youngest campaign manager working on a federal level campaign" in the 1998 United States midterm election cycle and describes his motivation for originally taking the job by writing that he "decided to briefly return to the closet in exchange for the superficial satisfaction of doing something that no one else age was doing".
Post political career.
After his resignation McDonald returned to Washington, D.C., where he lived prior to the campaign. In 2001, McDonald moved to New York City where he worked in communications for the book retailer Barnes & Noble before being hired as the Corporate Communications and Marketing Director for the Hong Kong Trade Development Council (HKTDC). On September 8, 2001 McDonald produced a fashion show featuring Hong Kong designers at New York Fashion Week for the HKTDC.
In 2006, McDonald began Bake It Til You Make It (BITYMI), a culinary multimedia website that, according to the site's "About" page, is "a journey through the culinary world with some political and social commentary along the way". BITYMI also features many videos starring McDonald, four of which are featured as favorites of Bon Appetit. McDonald is a self-taught baker. Many posts on BITYMI are devoted to McDonald's experiments in the kitchen. Allie Demet of The Badger Herald writes that "McDonald is equal parts humorist and baker—he’s smart, snarky, sassy and downright hilarious. But what I appreciate most about him is that he’s a seriously good baker who takes himself and his trade lightly".
Personal life.
On November 12, 2008 McDonald served as a marshal for the large New York City protest march against California's Proposition 8.
On December 3, 2009 McDonald attended the Rally for Marriage in New York City, holding a sign that read "If I'm found guilty of stabbing my girlfriend I can marry her but if I love my boyfriend, I can't marry him? Is that right, Senator Monserrate?", a reference to convicted then-New York State Senator, Hiram Monserrate, who voted against same-sex marriage legislation on December 2, 2009.
McDonald occasionally serves as publicist for his good friend, Michael-Leon Wooley. On August 12, 2008, McDonald announced on his baking website that Wooley performed "We Have To Change" at a fundraiser for the then Democratic presidential nominee, Barack Obama, in New York City. The song was written specifically for the fundraiser by Henry Krieger and Bill Russell 
In late December 2008 McDonald began a series entitled "Angels I Don’t See" on his blog, "Screaming From the Rooftop". The series chronicled McDonald’s personal journey after learning that his civil-unioned partner of eight years had AIDS. McDonald learned of his partners status on Christmas Eve, 2008 while at his partner's bedside at the hospital, a revelation that his partner kept from McDonald for many months.
McDonald writes of the sudden and rapid deterioration of his partner that he was "watching the love of life waste away from the plague in the supposed non-plague years". McDonald's brother, Grant McDonald,then a junior at New York University's (NYU) Playwrights Horizons Theater School, adapted the writing for the stage and a 45 minute original production, entitled "Spotting Love", premiered as part of NYU's 2010 Creating Original Work season and is currently being adapted into a screenplay.
On January 7, 2011 McDonald posted that he would lead the publicity and marketing efforts on behalf of friend Michael J. La Rue and the estate of Rue McClanahan for ten auctions to be held throughout the United States to sell McClanahan’s belongings as, according to McDonald, was McClanahan’s wish. In addition McDonald will assist with the publicity for a documentary about the actress, release date unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19625960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625960" title="Treschow (noble family)">
Treschow (noble family)

Treschow (originally Træskomager) is the name of a Danish and Norwegian family, the name of which is derived from the profession of its ancestor, "wooden shoe maker".
A member of the family, Michael Treschow, was in 1812 ennobled by letters patent, wherefore this branch of the family became a part of the untitled nobility of Denmark and Norway; however, the concept of nobility is no longer officially recognized in Norway, following the adoption of the 1821 Nobility Law. Members of this family have been merchants and landowners, notably in Vestfold. The family is not known to be related to a different Treschow family living in Norway. The family is also unrelated to the noble German Tresckow family; however, the family adopted a coat of arms based on the coat of arms of the German family in the 19th century. The name Treschow is used also by some persons who are not patrilineal descendants of the family and thus not members of the family that was considered as noble.
General history.
Origin.
The family may be followed back to Niels Hansen († 1593), who lived in Næstved, Denmark. His son was Rasmus Nielsen Træskomager († 1633). He and many of his descendants were merchants. His son Giort Rasmussen Treschow (ca. 1623–1665) was a shipowner and a merchant.
The family came to Norway with Giort Treschow's sons Gerhard Treschow (ca. 1659–1719), an industrialist who ran a shipping company, a sawmill and a papermill in Oslo, and Herman Treschow (1665–1723), who was his brother's general manager in Trondheim. Herman Treschow was the grandfather of Michael Treschow (1741–1816), who was district governor in Roskilde.
1812 ennoblement.
Michael Treschow, son of parish priest Herman Treschow in Søllerød, Denmark, was in 1812 ennobled by letters patent, thus becoming part of the untitled nobility. By the provisions of the patent, the patrilineal descendants of Michael Treschow, including unmarried females, were considered noble. However, as most of the family members were Norwegian subjects, persons born after the 1821 Nobility Law were not considered as noble in Norway. The family's most prominent living member, Mille-Marie Treschow, would have forfeitet her noble status by marrying a commoner if official nobility still had existed. Also her children bear the surname Treschow, but would not have been considered as noble according to the letters patent, as noble status is inherited only patrilineally. The agnatic descendants of Michael Treschow are nevertheless included in the Yearbook of the Danish Nobility, which is published by a private organisation.
Name.
The family's name, Treschow (modern orthography: "tresko", i.e. "wooden shoe") is a shorter/corrupted variant of the older name "Træskomager" (i.e. "wooden shoe-maker"), referring to the occupation of the family's ancestor.
Coats of arms.
Family members previously used various arms, including one with a clog, referring to the occupation of their ancestor (Nissen and Aaase, p. 143).
In the 19th century, Michael Treschow for himself and his descendants adopted a coat of arms which is nearly identical to that of the German "Uradel" family of Tresckow. The Norwegian Træskomager/Treschow family is unrelated to the noble German family, and the name has a completely different etymology. Some other Norwegian families are known to have adopted coats of arms (or variations thereof) of unrelated families with similar names.
Description: "On silver background three (two over one) black jackdaw heads with a golden collar each. On the helm a noble coronet. Above the coronet a black jackdaw head with a golden collar, and on the top three peacock feathers."
The new coat of arms includes the motto "Pie Candide Constanter".

</doc>
<doc id="19625976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625976" title="List of Iranian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film">
List of Iranian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film

The Islamic Republic of Iran has submitted films for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film regularly since 1994. Prior to the Islamic Revolution of 1979, Imperial Iran sent a single film in 1977.
Iran has submitted a total of seventeen films for Oscar consideration and two films, Majid Majidi's "Children of Heaven" and Asghar Farhadi's "A Separation", have received an Oscar nomination and Farhadi's film won the award. Four of the selected films, including one of their successful submissions, were directed by Majid Majidi. Kambuzia Partovi, Bahman Ghobadi and Asghar Farhadi were each chosen to represent Iran at the Oscars on two occasions.
On September 24, 2012, the film "A Cube of Sugar" was selected as the Iranian entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards. However, on the same day the head of Iran's government controlled cinema agency called for a boycott of the Oscars due to the "Innocence of Muslims" video on Youtube that originated in the United States. Reuters reported that Iran's Culture and Islamic Guidance Minister Mohammad Hosseini had confirmed that Iran would boycott.
Submissions.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has invited the film industries of various countries to submit their best film for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film since 1956. The Foreign Language Film Award Committee oversees the process and reviews all the submitted films. Following this, they vote via secret ballot to determine the five nominees for the award.
The Iranian nominee is selected each fall by a committee appointed by the Farabi Cinematic Foundation. Despite poor relations with the United States, Iran has participated in the US-based competition since 1994, missing only one year. They attempted to withdraw their 1995 submission "The White Balloon" after sending it to Hollywood, but AMPAS refused to accept the withdrawal.
All selected films were primarily in Persian, except for the two films by Bahman Ghobadi, which were in Kurdish.
Below is a list of the films that have been submitted by Iran for review by the Academy for the award by year and the respective Academy Awards ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="19625980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625980" title="List of LGBT holidays">
List of LGBT holidays

The following is a list of notable LGBT holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="19625983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625983" title="Sandpit, County Louth">
Sandpit, County Louth

Sandpit is a small village in the rural hinterland of Drogheda, County Louth, Ireland.
Location.
Sandpit is located about four miles north of Drogheda, off the road to Termonfeckin. It lies between the M1 motorway and the coast, where there are extensive beaches and golf courses at Baltray and Seapoint. The village has been growing as a location for people working in Drogheda.
Features.
There is a 19th-century church (The church of assumption), a primary school an XL supermarket and a community hall, which houses a playschool and is used by many local clubs and organisations 
Local properties include the Georgian "Sandpit House."

</doc>
<doc id="19625988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625988" title="Enrique Nieto (architect)">
Enrique Nieto (architect)

Enrique Nieto (October 6, 1880 or 1883 – January 20, 1954) was a Catalan architect known for his Modernisme style (not to be confused with modernism), which he continued to receive commissions to design even after it fell out of favor. He was a student of Antoni Gaudi and followed his master's style when he designed noted projects in Barcelona and Melilla. In 1939, he was appointed city architect of Melilla, a Spanish enclave in North Africa. Mellila's collection of modernisme-style buildings constitutes the second largest concentration of representatives of the style outside of Barcelona.
Places of worship.
Nieto designed the main synagogue, Or Zaruah (or Holy Light) synagogue in 1924, the Central Mosque, and several buildings for the Catholic Church in Melilla.
Other buildings.
Art Nouveau was the driving force of Melilla’s architecture during the first half of the 20th century. Brought to Melilla by Enrique Nieto, the style is deeply rooted in a city which was overcome with floral ornamentation. From that moment on, Melilla promoted a style that managed to take root and progress, changing all that had been built in the city before. Plants, flowers, animals and women’s faces filled the Art Nouveau façades, in which the brown and cream colour ranges brought out the ornaments. Nieto is cited for receiving design inspiration from the noted Mezquita de Córdoba (Cordoba mosque).
His notable work also includes the La Reconquista and Palacio Municipal (later renamed Autonomous City Palace) in Plaza de Europa. Nieto designed the National Theatre and Cinema building in Melilla in the 1920s which has a more geometrical style than most modernisme designs.
He retired in 1949 and died of a heart attack five years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19626007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626007" title="Grace (Will Young song)">
Grace (Will Young song)

"Grace" is a pop song recorded by British singer Will Young and is the second single from his fourth studio album, "Let It Go". The song was released on 22 December 2008, and performed on "The X Factor" on 8 November 2008, and subsequently on "Children in Need 2008". The song can be heard accompanying NatWest adverts and was also featured during the "".
Video.
The video premiered in November 2008. It shows Will winning an equestrian competition. The sport theme was used in the video for "Friday's Child", an earlier song by Young, but for swimming.
Charts.
The single peaked at #35 on the UK Singles Chart based on downloads from the album in early November 2008, rising up to #33 the following week. The single was released physically on 22 December 2008, but failed to reach any higher position on the UK Singles Chart, despite heavy airplay on radio stations and music channels. At the time it was Will's lowest peak position ever.

</doc>
<doc id="19626020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626020" title="Jhojhu Kalan">
Jhojhu Kalan

Jhojhu Kalan is a village in the Bhiwani district of Haryana, India.
Jhojhu Kalan is Jat-dominated village. Most of the Jats in village are Sangwans and this is one of the biggest Sangwan villages in the region.
Jhojhu Kalan represents 13 Sangwan villages under "Sangwan Chalisi (40)". The village has contributed many soldiers to Indian Army. It has common facilities including senior secondary school for boys and gals, a girls' college, a civil hospital, public schools, local telephone and mobile exchanges, several banks, electricity hub, etc. It has three strong private senior secondary schools which are more famous these days which includes (Aray Senior secondary school, N.R.J. Senior secondary school and KCM senior secondary school). The village Surrounds a small hill in between which looks very beautiful and it has small market which is very famous in the area.
Villagers go on a hill outside the village for religious worship which they call "Dohla & Gufadhari".
Dohla is surrounded by other mountains which look very beautiful. Dada Dohla Temple is situated near Jhojhu which is worshipped by Sangwan clan in the region. Dada Dohla is believed to be Guru of Dada Sangu. The head priest in this temple was Baba Kishorinath who died few months back. Environment of the area is affected due to heavy mining in the area nowadays.
The area has many small and big aravali mountain ranges and is famous for stone mining. There are hundreds of stone crushers in the area.
Jhojhu Kalan is surrounded by other Sangwan villages. Kalali and Balali are in the east. Gudana Kalan and Jhojhu Khurd in the West. Village Badal and Mehra in the North and Village Chandeni & Ramlwas in the south and village Rambaas in the west and town Dadri in the east.
Current Sarpanch of the village is Rajesh Sangwan.

</doc>
<doc id="19626021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626021" title="Camp Byers">
Camp Byers

Camp Byers () is a Spanish seasonal base camp on Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
Location.
The encampment is located at which is 1.2 km north-northwest of Nikopol Point, 1.04 km northeast of Sealer Hill, 3.13 km south by west of Chester Cone and 4.38 km west of Dometa Point (detailed Spanish mapping of the area in 1992, Bulgarian mapping in 2005 and 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19626034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626034" title="Beverly Hills 90210 (soundtrack)">
Beverly Hills 90210 (soundtrack)

Beverly Hills 90210: The Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the TV Show "Beverly Hills, 90210", released in 1992. Subsequent soundtrack albums were released in 1994 ("Beverly Hills 90210: The College Years") and 1996 ("Beverly Hills 90210: Songs from the Peach Pit").
Track listing.
This was released at the beginning of Beverly Hills, 90210's third season, although the cover art was from the second season. The costumes that the cast was wearing is the same costumes that they wore during the episode "U4EA". "U4EA" aired on November 14, 1991.
Beverly Hills 90210: The College Years.
Track listing.
Release Date: September 20, 1994
This was released at the beginning of Beverly Hills, 90210's fifth season, although the cover art was from the fourth season. The costumes that the cast was wearing is the same costumes that they wore during the episode "Twenty Years Ago Today". "Twenty Years Ago Today" aired on October 27, 1993.
NOTE: This album was released on cassette tape as well as CD. The cassette tape cover art features Shannen Doherty (Brenda Walsh), however, the CD cover art features Doherty's replacement, Tiffani-Amber Theissen (Valerie Malone).
Beverly Hills 90210: Songs from the Peach Pit.
Track listing.
Released: October 1, 1996

</doc>
<doc id="19626044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626044" title="Robin Brew">
Robin Brew

Robin Brew, born 28 June 1962, is a British swimmer. He swam in the men's 200 metres individual medley at the 1984 Summer Olympics where he came fourth. 
Approach.
On his website he says; 'not being a natural talent, I had to work harder than most paying particular attention to technique and skill. I was fortunate to receive some of the very best coaching available during my career, which to this day continues to remain an inspiration to me.'
Robins greatest sporting moment came at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics when you broke the Olympic record (200m individual medley) in the semi finals. "I pretty much went to the Olympic Games without expectations. I'd done my research and I knew, really, that there were two swimmers way ahead of the game. On the day I had a great heat, I just tried too hard in the final and that for me has been a lesson in life; you've got to apply just the right amount of pressure. If you over hurt yourself early on it really comes back on you. It's got to be 100% not a 110%, 110% is a 90% return."

</doc>
<doc id="19626048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626048" title="Arya Senior Secondary School">
Arya Senior Secondary School

Arya Senior Secondary School is a secondary school in Jhojhu Kalan, Haryana, India. The school is one of several operated in the region by the Maharishi Dayanand Education Society and was declared the best school among the non-government schools of Haryana in 2001-02.
History.
Arya Senior Secondary School was founded in 1996 by Sh. Parmender Chitoria, Sh. Kuldeep Sangwan, Sh. Ashok Sharma, and Sh. Surender Sangwan with support of local philanthropists. Sh. Parmender Chitoria has been the school's principal since its founding. 
Arya Sr. Sec. School, Jhojhu Kalan owes its existence to the dream, vision and missionary zeal of Sh. Parmender Chitoria,Sh.Kuldeep Sangwan, Sh. Ashok Sharma,Sh. Surender Sangwan. A teacher by profession Sh. Parmender Chitoria shaped the destiny of this institution from the last twelve formative years as its Principal.
Dedicated to the ideals and principles of the Indian sage and seer Swami Dayanand Saraswati, the school was founded in the village of Jhojhu Kalan in the year 1996 with the support of local philanthropists.
The school is run by the Maharishi Dayanand Education Society which runs five educational institutions such as the Arya College of Education and the Arya College of Art. The school was ranked second in Haryana in 2002-03. In 2008, the first three toppers in Haryana were from Arya school. .
The school is situated on two campuses occupying seven acres (five acres for the higher education and two acres for primary education). It gives instruction in streams including Arts, Science (Medical, Non-Medical, Computer Science)

</doc>
<doc id="19626055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626055" title="Little Ashes">
Little Ashes

Little Ashes is a 2008 Spanish-British drama film set against the backdrop of Spain during the 20s and 30s, as three of the era's most creative young talents meet at university and set off on a course to change their world. Luis Buñuel watches helplessly as the friendship between Salvador Dalí and the poet Federico García Lorca develops into a love affair.
The detail of the relationship between artist Salvador Dalí and poet Federico Garcia Lorca has long been the subject of speculation and debate amongst historians and biographers. In the feature film Little Ashes, Dalí and Lorca's feelings are shown deepening into a love affair that the sexually repressed painter tries and fails to consummate.
Between 1925 and 1936, during the course of their friendship, Dalí and Lorca exchanged numerous letters. The original manuscripts of Dalí's letters to Lorca are held by the Fundacion Federico Garcia Lorca in Madrid and those of Lorca to Dalí are held by Fundacion Gala-Salvador Dalí in Pubol, as well as in private collections.
Plot.
In 1922, 18-year-old Salvador Dalí (Robert Pattinson) arrives at university in Madrid. The Residencia de Estudiantes, or Students' Residence, is a modern environment which encourages Spain's brightest young minds. Salvador, who is determined to become a great artist, soon catches the attention of the Resi's social elite — poet Federico García Lorca (Javier Beltrán) and aspiring filmmaker Luis Buñuel (Matthew McNulty). Together they form the nucleus of the most modern group in Madrid.
Their private lives become increasingly complex as Federico ignores the advances of devoted friend and writer Magdalena (Marina Gatell), and Salvador himself feels the pull of Federico's magnetism. Luis, becoming increasingly isolated by the duo's closeness, decides to move to Paris to fulfil his own artistic ambitions. Meanwhile, Salvador and Federico leave Madrid to spend the summer at the seaside village of Cadaques, at the home of Dalí's family. 
Federico finds himself accepted into the Dalí family as he and Salvador grow closer until, one night, their friendship becomes romantic. Even as they draw closer, their relationship appears doomed. Luis visits them at university and becomes more suspicious and appalled by their apparent closeness.
Salvador finds Federico's obsession with him more than he is prepared to handle and moves to Paris. Consumed by the high society and decadence, Salvador is soon entangled with Gala (Arly Jover), a married woman with a penchant for celebrities. When Federico visits, he finds his friend is a changed man, in his life and his politics.
Production.
Title.
The title is taken from Salvador Dalí's 1927–28 painting "Cenicitas" ("Little Ashes"). It was originally called "The Birth of Venus", before being changed to "Sterile Efforts" and then finally "Cenicitas". It was first displayed on 20 March 1929 in a Madrid exhibition. It was again displayed in his first solo exhibition in Paris in June 1931. The painting is currently in the Dalí collection of the Queen Sofia Art Centre in Madrid.
Background.
While it is widely acknowledged that Lorca was infatuated with Dalí, for years the artist denied entering into a relationship with Lorca. 
Dalí stated: 
Writer Philippa Goslett supposes:
Biographer of both Dalí and Lorca, Ian Gibson, stated: 
In the repressed Spain of the mid 1930s, Lorca's homosexuality seems to have provided an additional thrill to his murderers. Lorca's biographer Leslie Stainton has suggested that the killers made remarks about his sexual orientation, and that it played a significant role in his death.
Release.
Film festivals.
"Little Ashes" premiered at the 16th annual Raindance Film Festival in London. The sold-out screening was scheduled on 7 October 2008 at 19:00. A second screening was also added for the 8th of October at 14:30. "Little Ashes" premiered in the U.S. at the Miami Gay & Lesbian film festival. Fans built in depth websites like The Little Ashes Promo Blitz and started grassroots efforts to get theaters to play the movie. On May 8, 2009 it premiered in only 11 US locations.
DVD.
The UK DVD was released on 13 July 2009 and is rated 15. The US DVD was released on January 26, 2010.
Reception.
Awards.
"Little Ashes" won the GLAAD Media Award for "Outstanding Film - Limited Release" during the 21st GLAAD Media Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19626079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626079" title="Calaveras Creek (California)">
Calaveras Creek (California)

Calaveras Creek is a northward-flowing stream in Alameda and Santa Clara counties of California. It runs for , starting from Poverty Ridge, passing through Calaveras Reservoir, and emptying into Alameda Creek east of Fremont, California.
Its main tributary is Arroyo Hondo.

</doc>
<doc id="19626088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626088" title="Fibrothorax">
Fibrothorax

Fibrothorax is fibrosis of the pleural space surrounding the lungs. It can have several causes including hemothorax, pleural effusion and tuberculosis.

</doc>
<doc id="19626091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626091" title="Wynkoop House">
Wynkoop House

The Wynkoop House is located on New York Route 32 just north of an offramp from the New York State Thruway and its junction with NY 212 in the town of Saugerties, New York, United States. It is a linear stone house built in two sections by the descendants of Dutch settlers around 1740, and renovated in later years.
Architecturally, it has many well-preserved features of the type of Dutch stone house common in 18th-century Ulster County, with some others suggesting later efforts to distance its residents from the original idea. It remained in the hands of the Wynkoop descendants until the early 20th century. In 1984 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Building.
The house is a rectangular -story, seven-bay stone house with gabled roof, front dormer windows and chimneys at both ends. The earliest portion of the house is marked by a small entrance and window near the north end on the front (east) facade; the later addition, constituting the bulk of the house, has a transomed door symmetrically placed between two windows on either side. The west facade has a matching door and window placement, now covered by an enclosed porch.
Inside, the original square block on the north end is a one-room space with exposed rafters and floorboards above. Much of the original wooden trim is still present, including some rare crown molding over the west door and south passageway to the later addition.
That wide passageway runs the length of the house, with smaller rooms of various purposes on either side. The fireplaces at either end of the addition have retained their original mantels, including the dentilled molding on the south one. Similar original woodwork is found elsewhere in the first story. The upper story has been subvidided into bedrooms and remodeled considerably.
The house has two outbuildings, a modern metal barn and detached garage, on its lot. Neither are considered contributing resources to the NRHP listing. A late-19th-century photograph shows a carriage house near the property. No evidence of any other historic outbuildings has been found.
History.
Cornelius Wynkoop brought his family name to the New World when he settled in present-day Hurley in 1667. His descendants had reached Saugerties by the middle of the following century. The land on which the house is built was originally granted to Richard Hays and George Mealls by James II in 1688. A Wynkoop is known to have built the house; however which one in unclear as unlike most other Ulster County stone houses, there is no stone with the builder's initials.
There is a date stone in the wall near the back door reading "1740", but they are not considered reliable sources for the true construction date of Ulster County stone houses, and other evidence suggests the larger portion of the house was added near the end of the century. It is likely that the smaller northern block was built around then. A 1763 map of Saugerties shows the house, the earliest known record.
The longer wing was added sometime in the later 18th century. Its symmetrical stylings and dormer windows suggest a strong Georgian influence, and masons' marks on the bluestone window lintels bear dates in the 1790s.
The upper floor was remodeled in the 1920s with contemporary interior decorations such as wainscoting. Up until that time, descendants of the Wynkoops had continued to live in the house and preserve it. Later owners also kept it in its original form.
In the early 2000s one owner threatened to demolish it, claiming it was in advanced state of disrepair, and began plans to do so and develop the property as an office complex, clearing the surrounding trees. Local preservationists were able to stop the town from issuing the necessary permit. The Ulster County Genealogical Society expressed interest in using the houses its library.
Aesthetics.
The fact that the house is built of stone to begin with is culturally significant. Dutch colonists in the Province of New York had lived under English rule since the end of the Third Anglo-Dutch War in 1674, but they resisted assimilation by the newly dominant culture, often speaking Dutch as their first language and building stone houses in accordance with their native building traditions throughout much of the 18th century, including a period after American independence.
The Wynkoop House is a well-preserved example of a stone house that is not only Dutch but has stylistic touches distinctive to Ulster County as well, most notably in the gabled roof ends (elsewhere, gambrel roofs were preferred). On the outside, locally quarried limestone was used as the facing, as opposed to the cut sandstone seen in houses further south in the region. Inside, the crown molding and exposed floorboards are another regional hallmark.
The symmetry the house retained even after being tripled in size later in the century suggests that it was originally built with the expectation that it would eventually be expanded in that fashion. Similarly, the nearly identical facades suggest that Kings Highway, the predecessor to Route 32 on which the house was built, at one point ran to the west of the house and was later relocated to the east.
In the later years of the century, younger descendants of the Dutch began to see the stone houses their parents and grandparents had raised as archaic, and often modified them along more contemporary lines. The Georgian stylings and dormer windows of the later addition suggest an attempt to do this.

</doc>
<doc id="19626103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626103" title="The Cape">
The Cape

The Cape may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19626105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626105" title="Henry Reichel">
Henry Reichel

Sir Henry Rudolf Reichel (October 11, 1856 – 22 June, 1931), was a founder of the University of Wales.
Born in Belfast, the son of a future Bishop of Meath, Reichel was educated at Christ’s Hospital and Balliol College, Oxford. He was a Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford from 1880 until 1894
He was appointed the first principal of the University College of North Wales, in Bangor. He retained the post from the age of 28 until 1927 when he was 71.
Linked to the Nationalist movement of Wales, he was the vice-chancellor of the University of Wales for six terms. Knighted in 1907, he had a quiet and reserved character, but was celebrated by many in Wales, and many tributes were given upon his death in 1931.
In June 1901 he received an honorary doctorate (LL.D) from the University of Glasgow during the university´s 450th jubilee.
Painting of Sir Henry Reichel (1913)
Welsh Biography Online, National Library of Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19626133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626133" title="Lucy Covington">
Lucy Covington

Lucy Friedlander Covington (November 24, 1910 – September 20, 1982) was a Native American tribal leader and political activist. She was a member of the Colville tribe which has a reservation in north-western Washington State. Covington was the granddaughter of the last Colville chief (Chief Moses) to be acknowledged by the tribe.
Political activism.
In the 1950s, termination became the governmental policy when dealing with Indians, and officials were describing the procedure as "Indian emancipation from oppressive supervision." However, the reality of the situation was much darker because termination would entail the loss of tribal land which was essential to Colville and Native American Identity. When the termination bill for the Colville was proposed, Covington saw that her tribe was in danger of losing what she viewed as the Indian’s most vital asset. Through the use of self-determination she waged a war on the government and the termination bill.
One problem Covington faced from the beginning of her struggle was the fact that many tribal members thought that termination would be “modern and productive.” She had been on the tribal council since 1956, and many other members favored termination. Instead of giving in to governmental pressure, Covington went to great lengths to protect tribal lands. She sold some of her cattle (a vital component of her livelihood considering she lived on a ranch), and used the money to fund her repeated trips to Washington, D.C. where she fought to prevent Senator Henry M. Jackson of Washington from passing the termination bill.
Covington utilized unique methods and strategies to gain support for her cause. With her magnetic personality, she organized younger members in the tribe to assist in her efforts, and even helped create a Colville newspaper titled Our Heritage. This helped raise awareness for her campaign and also stood as a dedication to Indian culture. Whenever a tribal council member would present an outline for termination to Congress, Covington protested, and in 1968, she created an anti-termination platform for the tribal election. She enlisted the help of the Menominee leader Jim White to speak to her tribe about the actual effects of termination, and after all of her lobbying, anti-termination advocates won a majority of the seats in the election.
Covington had successfully changed her tribal mindset, and the new council stamped out the termination bill for good in 1971. Through individual activism and determination, Covington helped keep Colville tribal sovereignty intact, and her persistence halted the liquidation and dismemberment of the Colville reservation.
Legacy.
After the termination struggle, Covington “worked with characteristic determination to protect tribal rights and resources, develop tribal services, govern the reservation for the benefit of tribe members, and promote inter tribal cooperation.” Not only was she an example of Native American self-determination in action, she was a founder of the movement itself, and her efforts (along with Ada Deer and other civil rights leaders) engendered a shift of U.S. policy from termination to independence and autonomy. When she was seventy-one years old, Lucy Covington died of pulmonary fibrosis.

</doc>
<doc id="19626155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626155" title="Martin Julius Halvorsen">
Martin Julius Halvorsen

Martin Julius Halvorsen (4 November 1867 - 7 March 1951) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties.
Born in Kristiania, he took an education as a book printer. Having founded his own printing press in 1897, he moved it from Kristiania to rural Jessheim in 1902. Here, he founded the newspaper "Akershusingen", renamed to "Romerikes Blad" in 1904. He was the editor-in-chief of this newspaper for some time. The newspaper still exists, and has a circulation of about 38,000.
While living in Kristiania, he was a member of the city council from 1896 to 1901. He was then a member of Ullensaker municipal council from 1904 to 1937, serving as deputy mayor from 1916 to 1919 and mayor from 1934 to 1937. He also served one term, from 1913 to 1915, in the Parliament of Norway, representing the rural constituency of "Mellem Romerike". He was later a deputy for Harald Halvorsen.
He was a member of the board of the Labour Party chapter in Akershus from 1905. From 1908 to 1912 he was chairman of the county chapter. Between 1921 and 1927, when the Labour Party suffered a split, Halvorsen was a member of the Social Democratic Labour Party. However, as the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Labour Party reconciled in 1927, he rejoined Labour and sat on the county board for a second period, from 1927 to 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="19626158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626158" title="Kroos">
Kroos

Kroos is a German surname, and may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19626162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626162" title="Rock Steady (Aretha Franklin song)">
Rock Steady (Aretha Franklin song)

"Rock Steady" is a song written and performed by Aretha Franklin and released in 1971, from the album "Young, Gifted and Black". The single reached the #9 spot on the Billboard Hot 100 charts that same year. It also peaked at #2 on the Best Selling Soul Singles chart. The B-side, "Oh Me Oh My (I'm a Fool for You Baby)" peaked at #73 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #9 on the Best Selling Soul Singles chart.
It was also used as a diegetic track in .

</doc>
<doc id="19626170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626170" title="Ivy Duffy Doherty">
Ivy Duffy Doherty

Ivy Duffy Doherty (June 22, 1922 – August 24, 2008) was an Australian-American writer best known for her Young Adult fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="19626180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626180" title="Alfred Henry Lloyd">
Alfred Henry Lloyd

Alfred Henry Lloyd (January 3, 1864 – May 11, 1927) was an American philosopher.
Life.
Lloyd received both his B.A. and M.A. degrees from Harvard. He studied philosophy at Göttingen University in Berlin and Heidelberg University, before returning to Harvard for his Ph.D., which he received in 1893. Upon returning from Europe in 1891, Lloyd was recruited by John Dewey as an instructor in philosophy at the University of Michigan. He remained there his entire career, becoming full professor in 1906. He was named dean of the Graduate School in 1915.
Lloyd was interim president of the University of Michigan from February 26 through September 1925, following the death of Marion LeRoy Burton. He was succeeded by Clarence Cook Little. Lloyd's daughter, Alice Crocker Lloyd, served as the Dean of Women.
Works.
Lloyd was the author of five books — "Citizenship and Salvation" (1897), "Dynamic Idealism" (1898), "Philosophy of History" (1899), "The Will to Doubt" (1907), and "Leadership and Progress" (1922) — and over seventy articles.

</doc>
<doc id="19626204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626204" title="Passiflora actinia">
Passiflora actinia

Passiflora actinia species of passion flower of the Passifloraceae. It flowers mainly in early spring, producing white, mauve and blue flowers about 9 cm wide.
"P. actinia" is an evergreen vine. Native to Brazil, it is a relatively cold tolerant passion flower, and can be seen in gardens in England. Its edible fruit (a passionfruit) is golden orange when ripe, and about 10 cm long.

</doc>
<doc id="19626205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626205" title="St Mary's Church, Blymhill">
St Mary's Church, Blymhill

St. Mary's Church, Blymhill is an Anglican church in the village of Blymhill, Staffordshire, England (). The building, which is a Grade I listed building, was constructed in the 14th century and restored and extended in the 18th and 19th centuries. It features an Early English south aisle, a Decorated Gothic chancel and a Perpendicular Gothic tower.
History.
There has been a church at Blymhill from an early date. Until the end of the 11th century it was attached to the collegiate church of Gnosall, which it served as a chapel of ease. In c. 1200 a separate rectory was established at Blymhill when William, son of John Bagot, the then Lord of Blymhill, acquired the right of presentation of himself and his heirs. A full list of rectors from that date is extant.
The present church dates from the mid 14th century and it probably lies on the same site as the former chapel of ease. It is thought to have been built during the incumbency of Stephen de Bromley who was rector between 1349 and c. 1379. There is an arched recess outside the south wall of the chancel (a position often occupied by the founders tomb) containing a weathered stone coffin that is thought to be Bromley's.
The church underwent significant alterations in c. 1719 during which the Gothic windows of the nave and south aisle were replaced by large and fashionable round-headed windows. A view of the church in 1797, after these alterations, is shown on this page. The Gothic windows were re-introduced during a substantial Early English restoration in 1858–59 by the architect George Street along with the present vestry and new oak choir stalls, oak pews, pulpit and font. The sentences below, from the work authorisation, explain the other major changes:
George Thomas Orlando Bridgeman Clerk Rector ... are authorised and empowered to take down the gallery on the West side (Tower end) and the wall on the north side of the said Church, to widen and extend the same on the North side, to make an aisle on the same side, to stop up the present entrance (through the Tower) and to erect a Porch on the North side, and to erect new roofs over the whole Church.
Street's restoration left the interior too dark so, in 1861, two new plain diamond windows were added to the south wall and in 1876 dormer windows, rarely seen in churches, were built into the south aisle roof.
St. Chad's chapel, at the east end of the north aisle, was constructed in 1936 as a gift of the Rev. E.R.O. Bridgeman. St. Chad is traditionally supposed to have preached in the vicinity of Blymhill in the 7th century and consecrated a well at nearby Chadwell.
Notable incumbents.
Dates of incumbency are in parentheses.

</doc>
<doc id="19626251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626251" title="Thomas Henrik Hammer">
Thomas Henrik Hammer

Thomas Henrik Hammer (1815–1900) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
Hailing from Toten, he took the cand.jur. degree in 1839 and moved to Jæren to work. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1859, representing the constituency of Stavanger Amt.
In 1860 he was appointed district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") of Indre Sogn. He was a deputy representative to Parliament in 1865 and 1866. He later became district stipendiary magistrate of Egersund.

</doc>
<doc id="19626252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626252" title="The Garden of the Gods">
The Garden of the Gods

The Garden of the Gods (American title: Fauna and Family) is the third book in the autobiographical Corfu trilogy by naturalist and author, Gerald Durrell (1925-1995), following "My Family and Other Animals" and "Birds, Beasts, and Relatives".
Summary.
This book is a humorous description of events that took place on the Greek island of Corfu between the years 1935 and 1939. The author was just ten years of age when he moved to Corfu with his family: his mother, Louisa Florence Durrell, his brothers Lawrence Durrell and Leslie Durrell, and his sister, Margaret Durrell (referred-to in the book as Margo). As in the first two volumes of the Corfu trilogy, the book is filled with amusing and atmospheric descriptions of the author's exploits catching, and making pets of, many of the local fauna, and the subsequent effects on his family who again feature as major characters. Other characters from the prequels also reappear here, such as Spiro (their Greek friend and chauffeur), Theodore Stephanides (family friend, doctor, poet and naturalist) and Mr Kralefsky (Gerald's one-time tutor in Corfu). Humour is also brought in the form of several new and colourful characters, including Lumis Bean, Harry Bunny, Prince Jeejeebuoy, and Count Rossignol.
"The Garden of the Gods" was first published in 1978 by William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd, and simultaneously in America by Simon and Schuster (ISBN 0-671-24729-8).

</doc>
<doc id="19626255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626255" title="Royal Park Hospital">
Royal Park Hospital

Royal Park Psychiatric Hospital, commonly known as Royal Park is a former Receiving House and Psychiatric Hospital located in Parkville. Operating for over 90 years, Royal Park Hospital was the first psychiatric hospital established in Victoria after the Lunacy Act of 1903, and was intended for patients with curable disorders. Built on the north-western edge of the 181 hectare parklands known as Royal Park, Royal Park Hospital along with Royal Melbourne Hospital, Royal Children's Hospital and Mount Royal formed the Parkville Hospital Precinct. Following the hospital's closure in the 1990s, several of the hospital's original buildings have been listed on the Victorian Heritage Register for their historic and architectural values.
Construction & Design.
The hospital buildings were designed by architect SE Bindley of the Public Works Department in a Queen Anne style. Constructed between 1906 and 1913, the buildings were mostly made of red brick and were surrounded by verandahs. Separate buildings were made for males and females, and for acute and convalescent patients.
History.
Royal Park opened as a Receiving House in September 1907. Receiving Houses were used to provide accommodation for those patients who required only short term diagnosis and treatment. No person was to be detained in a receiving house for more than two months in any event. Patients diagnosed as insane were transferred to a Hospital for the Insane such as Kew Asylum or Yarra Bend Asylum by order of the Superintendent of the Receiving House. Following the completion of some of the hospital wards, Royal Park was gazetted as a Receiving House and a Hospital for the Insane on 7 April 1909.
Since its establishment the title of Royal Park Hospital has been altered to reflect both the community's changing attitude towards mental illness and the Victorian Government's approach to the treatment of mentally ill persons. The Mental Hygiene Act 1933 (No.4157, proclaimed 14/2/1934) altered the title from "Royal Park Hospital for the Insane" to "Royal Park Mental Hospital". Up until 1954 Royal Park functioned as a mental hospital for long term patients and a receiving house for short term patients. In April 1954 Royal Park's function as a Mental Hospital was revoked, published in the Government Gazette on 7 April 1954. From 1954 Royal Park functioned as a hospital providing short term diagnosis and accommodation only. The Mental Health Act 1959 (No.6605, operational since 1962) changed the title of "Receiving House" to "Psychiatric Hospital".
A special Military Mental Hospital was opened at Royal Park in 1915. The date range of this hospital is unknown.
Closure & Redevelopment.
As a consequence of the Victorian Government's policy of deinstitutionalisation, Royal Park Hospital was decommissioned in the 1990s. The old Receiving House has been home to the Early Psychosis Prevention and Intervention Centre (EPPIC) since the mid-1990s. Renamed Orygen Youth Health incorporating the EPPIC program. Orygen Youth Health is part of NorthWestern Mental Health which is itself part of Melbourne Health. After the closure of the Royal Park Psychiatric Hospital, inpatient psychiatric services were transferred to the new John Cade Building at RMH City Campus, under the umbrella of NorthWestern Mental Health.
A number of the original hospital buildings were listed on the Victorian Heritage Register (H2606) and were restored and redeveloped as part of the Commonwealth Games Village for the 2006 Melbourne Commonwealth Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19626265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626265" title="Court security officer (England and Wales)">
Court security officer (England and Wales)

A court security officer is, in England and Wales, a person employed by either the Lord Chancellor or a private company as a "court officer" and designated by the Lord Chancellor under section 51 (1) of the Courts Act 2003.
Powers.
Court security officers may search people as they enter the court and remove them if they refuse to be searched. They can also remove people in order to enable court business to be carried on without interference or delay, maintain order and secure the safety of any person in the court building. Reasonable force may be used in exercise of these powers. 
Officers may ask a person to surrender (and failing that seize) property if they believe it may jeopardise the maintenance of order in the court, put the safety of any person in the court building at risk, or may be evidence of, or in relation to, an offence. Property that was taken for one of the first two reasons must be returned as the person leaves the court; property seized because it may be evidence of, or in relation to, an offence may be kept for up to 24 hours to enable a police constable to deal with it. Court security officers may only exercise their powers when they are "readily identifiable", and assaulting or obstructing a court security officer in execution of his duties is an offence.

</doc>
<doc id="19626266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626266" title="Friedemann Bach (film)">
Friedemann Bach (film)

Friedemann Bach is a 1941 German historical drama film directed by Traugott Müller and starring Gustav Gründgens, Leny Marenbach and Johannes Riemann. The film depicts the life of Johann Sebastian Bach's son Wilhelm Friedemann Bach. It is based on Albert Emil Brachvogel's novel "Friedemann Bach". Wilhelm Friedemann Bach is shown as a gifted son trying to escape his father's shadow.
Plot.
During a house concert, the Bach family gets a visit by their son Wilhelm Friedemann, who has just given up his position in Dresden because he no longer could endure the reprisals of his superiors. After he helps his sister Frederike to tell father Johann Sebastian about her
engagement to Johann Christoph Altnikol, the family gets a visit from a messenger of the Saxon Court. Johann Sebastian is asked to take part in a musical competition against French composer Louis Marchand. Johann Sebastian, however, does not want to let his Thomanerchor down and so, he sends Friedemann to Dresden.
Friedemann wins the competition, as Louis Marchand takes flight during Friedemann's performance. Many aristocrats, among whom is Comtesse Antonia Kollowrat, come to Friedemann to be taught in music; Friedemann is ordered by the court to write a ballet. Friedemann and ballet dancer Mariella Fiorini fall in love with each other, which is also due to the influence of Count Graf von Brühl, who has an eye on Antonia. After the ballet is successful, Friedemann is to be appointed court composer. As Antonia criticizes the ballet, Friedemann recognizes that the court's superficiality does not go together with his artistic ambitions. Friedemann and Antonia fall in love with each other. Friedemann promises to find a new position and to get Antonia to join him; his father will surely help him.
However, Johann Sebastian dies. So, Friedemann is confronted with a series of disappointments. Being demanded again and again to play music following his father's style, he finally passes, when applying in Braunschweig, one of his father's early compositions off as one of his own. The truth is discovered, Antonia and Christoph are unable to understand Friedemann, who is frustrated and responds that he no longer wants to be compared with his father Johann Sebastian but wants to be Wilhelm Friedemann Bach.
Embittered, he joins a group of travelling actors who regard him to be as what he is. As Christoph comes after years to see him and tells him that Antonia had been waiting for him in Braunschweig, Friedemann wants to see her again. Antonia, however, has meanwhile married Count Heinrich von Brühl. When Friedemann's group gives a performance in Dresden, the Count arranges that Friedemann and Antonia meet. Although she is still willing to help him, Friedemann shows her his full embitterment; at the Count's behest, Friedemann has to leave Saxony.
Desperately, Friedemann offers one of his father's compositions to a music trader. As one of the trader's client mocks Johann Sebastian Bach, Friedemann starts to argue with the client who hurts Friedemann with a rapier; shortly after, Friedemann dies.
Historical inaccuracies.
In fact, it was Johann Sebastian Bach and not Wilhelm Friedemann who competed against Louis Marchand. Furthermore, Wilhelm Friedemann Bach did not die as young as shown in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19626292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626292" title="Amphitheriida">
Amphitheriida

Amphitheriida is an order of mesozoic mammals restricted to the Middle Jurassic of Britain. They were closely related to the Dryolestids but possessed five molars instead of the usual four in Dryolestida, (with the exception of the family Dryolestidae whose members possessed between 8 and 9 molars). The Amphitheriida contains one family, the Amphitheriidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19626302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626302" title="List of Puerto Rican scientists and inventors">
List of Puerto Rican scientists and inventors

Before Christopher Columbus and the Spanish Conquistadors landed on the island of "Borikén" (Puerto Rico), the Tainos who inhabited the island depended on their astronomical observations for the cultivation of their crops.
In 1581, Juan Ponce de León II, the grandson of the Conquistador Juan Ponce de León, studied an eclipse and its effects on the island and was able to establish the exact geographical coordinates of San Juan with his observations.
During the 19th century the economies of many countries in the world suffered from the spread of crop failures. Puerto Rico, whose economy depended heavily on its agriculture, felt the effects of some of the crop diseases. Scientists such as Dr. Agustín Stahl, Fermín Tangüis and Fernando López Tuero conducted investigations and experiments in the fields of agriculture, botany, ethnology and zoology. The findings of their investigations helped Puerto Rico's agricultural industry.
With the advances in medical technologies and the coming of the Space Age of the 20th century, Puerto Ricans have expanded their horizons and have made many contributions in various scientific fields, among them the fields of aerospace and medicine.
There are many Puerto Rican scientists involved in the American space program at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). According to an article written by Margarita Santori Lopez for the official newspaper of the University of Puerto Rico's Mayagüez Campus, "Prensa RUM", as of 2003, of the 115 Hispanics working at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland, 70 were Puerto Ricans or of Puerto Rican descent. According to a research conducted during the period of 1990 to 1998 by Puerto Rican scientists in science and technology, Puerto Rican scientific production was greater than in any other Caribbean country and the sixth largest in all of Latin America.
The following is a list of some of Puerto Rico's notable scientists and inventors with short profiles that include the scientific contributions, inventions and achievements in their respective fields. The list is not limited to people born in Puerto Rico, it also includes people who are of full or partial Puerto Rican ancestry, and many long-term residents and who have made Puerto Rico their home, and who are recognized for their life and/or work. 
__NOTOC__
Aerospace.
Aerospace comprises the atmosphere of Earth and surrounding space. Typically the term is used to refer to the industry that researches, designs, manufactures, operates, and maintains vehicles moving through air and space.
Aerospace physiology.
Aerospace physiology refers to effects on the human body caused by characteristics of the aerospace environment.
Agriculture.
In the 19th Century, Puerto Rico's economy depended on its agricultural industry. Among the products which Puerto Rico exported were tobacco, cotton, ginger, pineapples and citrus fruits. The two main agricultural products whose production dominated the island's economy were sugar and coffee.
Archaeology.
Archaeology is the science that studies human cultures through the recovery, documentation, analysis, and interpretation of material remains and environmental data, including architecture, artifacts, features, biofacts, and landscapes.
Astronomy.
Astronomy is the scientific study of celestial objects (such as stars, planets, comets, and galaxies) and phenomena that originate outside the Earth's atmosphere (such as the cosmic background radiation). It is concerned with the evolution, physics, chemistry, meteorology, and motion of celestial objects, as well as the formation and development of the universe.
Astrophysics.
Astrophysics is the branch of astronomy that deals with the physics of the universe, including the physical properties (luminosity, density, temperature, and chemical composition) of celestial objects such as stars, galaxies, and the interstellar medium, as well as their interactions.
Biochemistry.
Biochemistry is the study of the chemical processes in living organisms. It deals with the structure and function of cellular components, such as proteins, carbohydrates, lipids, nucleic acids, and other biomolecules.
Botany.
Botany is a branch of biology and is the scientific study of plant life and development.
Ecology.
Ecology is the scientific study of the distribution and abundance of life and the interactions between organisms and their natural environment.
Hydrometeorology.
Hydrometeorology is a branch of meteorology and hydrology that studies the transfer of water and energy between the land surface and the lower atmosphere.
Marine biology.
Marine biology is the scientific study of living organisms in the ocean or other marine or brackish bodies of water.
Medicine.
Anatomy
Anatomy is a branch of biology and medicine that is the consideration of the structure of living things.
Biotechnology
Biotechnology is a field of applied biology that involves the use of living organisms and bioprocesses in engineering, technology, medicine and other fields requiring bioproducts.
Cardiology
Cardiology is the branch of internal medicine dealing with disorders of the heart and blood vessels.
Embryology
Embryology is the study of the development of an embryo. An embryo is defined as any organism in a stage before birth or hatching, or in plants, before germination occurs.
Endocrinology
Endocrinology is a branch of medicine dealing with disorders of the endocrine system and its specific secretions called hormones.
Immunology
Immunology is the branch of medicine dealing with disorders of the immunological system that helps the body protect itself from foreign substances and illnesses.
Nephrology
Nephrology is a branch of internal medicine and pediatrics dealing with the study of the function and diseases of the kidney.
Odontology
Odontology is the scientific study of the structure, development, and abnormalities of the teeth.
Oncology
Oncology is the branch of medicine that studies tumors (cancer) and seeks to understand their development, diagnosis, treatment, and prevention.
Organ transplantation
An organ transplant is the moving of a whole or partial organ from one body to another (or from a donor site on the patient's own body), for the purpose of replacing the recipient's damaged or failing organ with a working one from the donor site. Organ donors can be "living" or "deceased" (previously referred to as cadaveric). In Puerto Rico, the first Kidney organ transplants were realized in the city of Ponce between 1968 and 1972.
Pediatrics
Pediatrics is the branch of medicine that deals with the medical care of infants, children, and adolescents.
Public health
Teratology
Teratology refers to disfiguring birth defects or malformations. Another term for this is dysmorphology, meaning "the study of abnormal form."
Microbiology.
Microbiology is the study of "microorganisms", which are unicellular or cell-cluster microscopic organisms. This includes eukaryotes such as fungi and protists, and prokaryotes, which are bacteria and archaea. Viruses, though not strictly classed as living organisms, are also studied.
Mycology.
Mycology is the branch of biology concerned with the study of fungi, including their genetic and biochemical properties, their taxonomy and their use to humans as a source for tinder, medicinals (e.g., penicillin) as well as their dangers, such as poisoning or infection. Published in Florence, this seminal work laid the foundations for the systematic classification of grasses, mosses and fungi. The term "mycology" and the complimentary "mycologist" were first used in 1836 by M.J. Berkeley.
Nanotechnology.
Nanotechnology (sometimes shortened to "nanotech") is the manipulation of matter on an atomic and molecular scale. 
Psychology.
Psychology is an academic and applied discipline involving the scientific study of mental processes and behavior.
Rocket scientist.
A Rocket scientist is an aerospace engineer who specialty are the rockets which launch spacecraft into or operate in outer space.
Space physics.
Space physics is also known as space plasma physics.
Zoology.
Zoology is the branch of biology concerned with the study of animals.
Inventors.
Puerto Rican inventors earned an average of sixteen patents per year in the late seventies, twenty patents per year in the eighties, and twenty-seven patents per year in the nineties. The total number of patents issued by the U.S. Patent Office has seen similar increases.
In the field of Aerospace (see "Aerospace" section) Olga D. González-Sanabria contributed to the development of the "Long Cycle-Life Nickel-Hydrogen Batteries" which helps enable the International Space Station power system; Mercedes Reaves conrtbuted to the design of a viable full-scale solar sail and the development and testing of a scale model solar sail; Dr. Pedro Rodriguez invented a portable, battery-operated lift seat for people suffering from knee arthritis; Dr. Felix Soto Toro developed the Advanced Payload Transfer Measurement System (ASPTMS) (Electronic 3D measuring system) and Dr. Juan R. Cruz contributed in the development of entry, descent, and landing (EDL) systems for robotic and human exploration missions. Puerto Ricans have also invented products for commercial use.
Electronics.
Hydroelectric Wave-Energy Conversion System
Semiconductors
Musical instruments.
The cuatro is the national instrument of Puerto Rico. It belongs to the lute family of string instruments. Very little is known about the exact origin of the Cuatro.
Public health.
Ceramic Water Filter
Floating Strainer
See also.
Timelines of United States inventions
Related topics

</doc>
<doc id="19626322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626322" title="Kingston Bagpuize with Southmoor">
Kingston Bagpuize with Southmoor

Kingston Bagpuize with Southmoor is a civil parish in the English county of Oxfordshire, England. The two principal settlements in the parish are the adjacent villages of Kingston Bagpuize and Southmoor. The parish extends north of the villages to the River Thames and south to the River Ock.
The parish was formed on 1 April 1971 by merging the two parishes of Kingston Bagpuize and Draycot Moor. From 1971 to 1974 the parish was in Berkshire, but in 1974 it was transferred to Oxfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19626326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626326" title="Christian views on the classics">
Christian views on the classics

Christian views on the classics have varied widely throughout history.
Early period.
When Christianity at first appeared in Rome, introduced by Apostle Paul, the instruction of youth was largely confined to the basics of reading, writing and mathematics followed by the study of grammar, rhetoric, philosophy, and history. Much of the history was in verse; chief among which were the works of Horace and Virgil. Until the peace of the Church, early in the fourth century, the value and use of classical studies were unquestioned. Converts to Christianity brought with them such mental cultivation as they had received while pagans. They used their knowledge of mythology and ancient traditions as a means of attacking paganism. Tertullian forbade Christians to teach, but admitted that school attendance by Christian pupils was unavoidable. Arnobius, Lactantius, and Cassianus were classical Christian teachers.
During the fourth century the value of secular literature began to be questioned by Biblical scholars. This opposition is condensed in the accepted translation, dating from Jerome from Psalm 70:15-16 "Quoniam non cognovi litteraturam, introibo in potentias Domini; Domine memorabor justitiae tuae solius". (Because I have not known learning I will enter into the powers of the LORD: O LORD I will be mindful of thy justice alone.Douay-Rheims 1899) The opposition between divine judgement and literature became gradually an accepted Christian idea.
Later persecution under Julian led Christian writers to express more definitely their views on the subject. It produced little effect in the West. However, Marius Victorinus, one of the most distinguished professors in Rome, chose "to give up the idle talk of the school rather than the Word of God." Thenceforth, Christians studied more closely and more appreciatively their own literature, i.e., the Biblical writings. Jerome discovers therein a Horace, a Catullus and an Alcaeus. In his "De doctrina christiana" Augustine shows how the Scriptures could be turned to account for the study of eloquence; he analyses periods of the prophet Amos, of Paul, and shows excellent examples of rhetorical figures in the Pauline Epistles. It would seem that the Church, therefore, ought to have given up the study of pagan literature. It did not do so. Augustine suggested his method only to those who wished to become priests, and even for these he did mean to make it obligatory. Men of less marked ability were to use the ordinary method of instruction. The "De doctrina christiana" was written in 427, at which time his advancing age and the increasing strictness of monastic life might have inclined Augustine to a rigorous solution. Jerome's scruples and the dream he relates in one of his letters are quite well known. In this dream he saw angels scourging him and saying: "Thou art not a Christian, thou art a Ciceronian." He finds fault with ecclesiastics who find too keen a pleasure in the reading of Virgil; he adds, nevertheless, that youths are indeed compelled to study him. In his quarrel with Rufinus he declares that he has not read the profane authors since he left school, "but I admit that I read them while there. Must I then drink the waters of Lethe that I may forget?"
In defending himself the first figure that occurs to him is taken from mythology. What these eminent men desired was not so much the separation but the combination of the treasures of profane literature and of Christian truth. Jerome recalls the precept of Deuteronomy: "If you desire to marry a captive, you must first shave her head and eyebrows, shave the hair on her body and cut her nails, so must it be done with profane literature, after having removed all that was earthly and idolatrous, unite with her and make her fruitful for the Lord." Augustine uses another Biblical allegory. For him, the Christian who seeks his knowledge in the pagan authors resembles the Israelites who despoil the Egyptians of their treasures in order to build the tabernacle of God. As to Ambrose, he has no doubts whatever. He quotes quite freely from Seneca, Virgil, and the "Consolatio" of Servius Sulpicius. He accepts the earlier view handed down from the Hebrew apologists to their Christian successors, viz., that whatever is good in the literature of antiquity comes from the Sacred Books. Pythagoras was a Jew or, at least, had read Moses. The pagan poets owe their flashes of wisdom to David and Job. Tatian, following earlier Jews had learnedly confirmed this view, and it recurs, more or less developed, in the other Christian apologists. In the West Minucius Felix gathered carefully into his "Octavius" whatever seemed to show harmony between the new doctrine and ancient learning. This was a convenient argument and served more than one purpose.
But this concession presupposed that pagan studies were subordinate to Christian truth, the "Hebraica veritas". In the second book of his "De doctrina christiana", Augustine explains how pagan classics lead to a more perfect apprehension of the Scriptures, and are indeed an introduction to them. In this sense Jerome, in a letter to Magnus, professor of eloquence at Rome, recommends the use of profane authors; profane literature is a captive. Indeed, men neither dared nor were able to do without classical teaching. Rhetoric continued to inspire a kind of timid reverence. The panegyrists, for example, do not trouble themselves about the emperor's religion, but addressed him as pagans would a pagan and draw their literary embellishments from mythology. Theodosius himself did not dare to exclude pagan authors from the school. A professor like Ausonius pursued the same methods as his pagan predecessors. Magnus Felix Ennodius, deacon of Milan under Theodoric and later Bishop of Pavia, inveighed against the impious person who carried a statue of Minerva to a disorderly house, and himself under pretext of an "epithalamium" wrote light and trivial verses. It is true that Christian society at the time of the barbarian invasions repudiated mythology and ancient culture, but it did not venture to completely banish them. In the meantime the public schools of antiquity were gradually closed. Private teaching took their place but even that formed its pupils, e.g. Sidonius Apollinaris, according to the traditional method. Christian asceticism, however, developed a strong feeling against secular studies. As early as the fourth century Martin of Tours finds that men have better things to do than study. There are lettered monks at Lérins, but their scholarship is a relic of their early education, not acquired after their monastic profession. The Rule of Benedict prescribes reading, it is true, but only sacred reading. Gregory the Great condemns the study of literature so far as bishops are concerned. Isidore of Seville condenses all ancient culture into a few data gathered into his "Origines", just enough to prevent all further study in the original sources. Cassiodorus alone shows a far wider range and makes possible a deeper and broader study of letters. His encyclopedic grasp of human knowledge links him with the best literary tradition of pagan antiquity. He planned a close union of secular and sacred science whence ought to issue a complete and truly Christian method of teaching. Unfortunately the invasions of the barbarians followed and the "Institutiones" of Cassiodorus remained a mere project.
Medieval period.
About the middle of the sixth century, the first indication of classical culture were seen in Britain, and, towards the close of the century, in Ireland. Irish scholars and then teachers, created a culture which the Anglo-Saxons developed. This culture placed literature and science at the service of theology and exegesis. They devoted themselves chiefly to grammar, rhetoric, and dialectics. 
It is quite unlikely that manuscripts had been brought to Ireland between 350 and 450, to bring about a much later literary renaissance. The small ecclesiastical schools almost everywhere preserved elementary teaching, reading and writing. Irish scholarship went far beyond that. 
During the sixth and seventh centuries, manuscripts were still being copied in continental Europe. The writing of this period is uncial or semi-uncial. Even after eliminating fifth- century manuscripts there still remains a fair number of manuscripts in this style of writing. We find among these works practical information: glossaries, treatises on land-surveying, medicine, the veterinary art, juridical commentaries. 
On the other hand, the numerous ecclesiastical manuscripts prove the persistence of certain scholarly traditions. The continuations of sacred studies sufficed to bring about the Carolingian Renaissance. It was likewise a purely ecclesiastical culture which the Irish brought back to the continent in the sixth and seventh centuries. The chief aim of these Irish monks was to preserve and develop religious life. When the scattered items of information are examined, especially the hagiological indications, their importance is peculiarly diminished, for the teaching in question generally concerns Scripture or theology. Even Columbanus does not seem to have organized literary studies in his monasteries. The Irish monks had a personal culture which they did not make any effort to diffuse, owing to the great distance between centers of learning. Moreover, the disciples of the Irish were men enamoured of ascetic mortification, who shunned an evil world and sought a life of prayer and penance. For such minds, beauty of language and verbal rhythm were frivolous attractions. The material equipment of the Irish religious establishments in Gaul scarcely admitted any other study than that of the Scriptures. Generally these establishments were but a group of huts surrounding a small chapel.
Thus, until Charlemagne and Alcuin, intellectual life was confined to Great Britain and Ireland. It was revived in Gaul in the eighth century, when the classic Latin literature was again studied. Pagan authors were read as secondary to Scripture and theology. Even towards the close of his life, Alcuin forbade his monks to read Virgil. Statius is the favourite poet, and, before long, Ovid, whose licentiousness is glossed over by allegorical interpretation. Mediocre abstracts and compilations, products of academic decadence, appear among the books frequently read, e.g. Homerus latinus ("Ilias Latina"), Dictys, Dares, the distichs ascribed to Cato. Cicero is almost overlooked, and two distinct personages are made of Tullius and Cicero. There were a number of classical authors studied until the thirteenth century.
At the close of the twelfth century, in the early years of the University of Paris, the principal known authors are: Statius, Virgil, Lucian, Juvenal, Horace Ovid (with exception of the erotic poems and the satires), Sallust, Cicero, Martial, Petronius (judged as combining useful information and dangerous passages) Symmachus, Solinus, Sidonius Suetonius, Quintus Curtius, Justin (known as Trogus Pompeius), Livy, the two Senecas (including the tragedies), Donatus Priscian, Boethius, Quintilian, Euclid, Ptolemy. In the thirteenth century the influence of Aristotle restricted the field of reading.
There are, however, a few real Humanists among the medieval writers. Einhard (770-840), Rabanus Maurus (776-856), the ablest scholar of his time, and Walafrid Strabo (809-849) are men of extensive and disinterested learning. Servatus Lupus, Abbot of Ferrières (805-862), in his quest for Latin manuscripts labours as zealously as any scholar of the fifteenth century. At a later period Latin literature is represented by Remigius of Auxerre (d. 908), Gerbert (later Pope Sylvester II d. 1003), Liutprand of Cremona (d. about 972), John of Salisbury (1110–1180), Vincent of Beauvais (d. 1264), and Roger Bacon (d. 1294). 
Medieval Latin poetry drew its inspiration from Latin poetry. Among the imitations must be mentioned the works of Hroswitha (or Roswitha), Abbess of Gandersheim (close of the tenth century), whom Virgil, Prudentius, and Sedulius inspired to celebrate the acts of Otho the Great. She is of particular interest in the history of the survival of Latin literature, because of her comedies after the manner of Terence. It has been said that she wished to cause the pagan author to be totally forgotten. This statement is not reconcilable with her known simplicity of character. A certain facility in the dialogue and clearness of style do not offset the lack of ideas in her writings. They exhibit the fate of classical culture in the Middle Ages. Hroswitha imitates Terence, indeed but without understanding him, and in a ridiculous manner. The poems on actual life of Hugh of Orléans known as "Primas" or "Archipoeta" are far superior and betray genuine talent as well as an intelligent grasp of Horace.
During the Middle Ages the Church preserved secular literature by harboring and copying its works in monasteries, where valuable libraries existed as early as the ninth century:
The reforms of Cluny and later of Clairvaux were not favourable to studies. The chief aim of the reformers was to combat the secular spirit and re-establish strict religious observances. This influence is in harmony with the tendencies of scholasticism. Consequently, from the twelfth century and especially the thirteenth, the copying of manuscripts became a secular business, a source of gain. The following is a list of the most ancient or most useful manuscripts of the Latin classics for the Middle Ages:
This list is incomplete. An author like Quintus Curtius is represented by numerous manuscripts in every century. Another, like Lucretius, was not copied anew between the ninth century and the Renaissance. Moreover, it was customary to compile manuscripts of epitomes and anthologies, some of which have preserved the only extant fragments of ancient authors. The teaching of grammar was deficient. This may account for the backwardness of philological science in the Middle Ages. Latin grammar is reduced to an abridgment of Donatius, supplemented by the meagre commentaries of the teacher, and replaced since the thirteenth century by the "Doctrinale" of Alexander de Villedieu (de Villa Dei).

</doc>
<doc id="19626341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626341" title="Pešut">
Pešut

Pešut (Anglicized: "Pesut","Peshut") is a Serbo-Croatian surname. The surname has its root in Herzegovina, members of the family belong to the Serbian Orthodox Church (Serbs) and the Roman Catholic Church (Croats). Most members in Croatia are concentrated in the Lika region, Karlovac County and Sisak, descendants are also found in whole Slovenia, Montenegro, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19626357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626357" title="1989–90 Liga Alef">
1989–90 Liga Alef

The 1989–90 Liga Alef season saw Maccabi Acre and Hapoel Ashdod promoted to Liga Artzit as the respective winners of the north and south division. They were joined by Ironi Ashdod who won the promotion/relegation play-offs.
Hapoel Bnei Nazareth, Beitar Haifa, Hapoel Or Yehuda and Hapoel Dimona were all relegated to Liga Bet.
North Division.
The division's top scorer was Hisham Zuabi of Hapoel Daliyat al-Karmel with 15 goals.
South Division.
The division's top scorer was Naor Galili of Ironi Ashdod with 15 goals.
Promotion/relegation play-offs.
The two second-placed clubs (Hapoel Daliyat al-Karmel and Ironi Ashdod) played off to face the 14th-placed club from Liga Artzit (Maccabi Tamra). Ironi Ashdod won both matches and were promoted, whilst Tamra were relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19626361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626361" title="Peter de Valognes">
Peter de Valognes

Peter de Valognes was a Norman noble claimed by late sources to have accompanied William the Conqueror on the invasion of England, fought at the Battle of Hastings, and became great landowner in England.
Land holdings.
Between 1070 and 1076 Peter de Valognes was granted lands in the six counties of Hertfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex and Lincolnshire. In 1086 when the Domesday book was completed, Peter was sheriff of the counties of Essex and Hertfordshire and he farmed the boroughs of Havering and Hertford. Although Peter de Valognes made his caput in Benington in Hertfordshire, his most valuable lands were in Norfolk, the latter being a later grant at the forfeiture of Ralph de Guader after the revolt of the Earls in 1075.
Binham Priory.
Peter de Valognes was the founder of Binham Priory in North Norfolk in 1091, which was built on land given to him by William the Conqueror. The land on which the priory stands was, according to the Domesday Book, originally the property of a freeman named Esket.
Family.
Peter de Valognes married Albreda, the sister of Eudo the Dapifer. They had three children who were Robert de Valognes (born circa 1080), Roger de Valognes (Born circa 1080) and Muriel de Valognes (Born circa 1087)

</doc>
<doc id="19626371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626371" title="I Was A Teenage Serial Killer">
I Was A Teenage Serial Killer

I Was a Teenage Serial Killer is an underground no budget film written and directed by "The Queen of Underground Film", Sarah Jacobson. It is a short black-and-white film of a 19-year-old girl who is sick of sexist men and kills them. It was Jacobson's first film and it was released through her own company, Station Wagon Productions. She made the film under the guidance of her teacher, George Kuchar. The film featured songs by Heavens to Betsy.

</doc>
<doc id="19626382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626382" title="Khuvkhoitun">
Khuvkhoitun

Khuvkhoitun () sometimes referred to as Gora Khuvkhoitun is a stratovolcano located on Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula. The mountain reaches 2,616 m in elevation above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19626384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626384" title="Interlocutor (politics)">
Interlocutor (politics)

An interlocutor is someone who informally explains the views of a government and also can relay messages back to a government. Unlike a spokesperson, an interlocutor often has no formal position within a government or any formal authority to speak on its behalf, and even when they do, everything an interlocutor says is his own personal opinion and not the official view of anyone. Communications between interlocutors are often useful at conveying information and ideas. Often interlocutors will talk with each other before formal negotiations. Interlocutors play an extremely important role in Sino-American relations.

</doc>
<doc id="19626411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626411" title="Peters Mountain">
Peters Mountain

Peters Mountain is a mountain in the Allegheny ridge, which makes it the longest mountain in the Appalachian Mountain Chain. It is located on the border between Alleghany County, VA, Monroe County, WV, Giles Co.,VA, and Craig Co.,VA. Its elevation ranges from on the mountaintop to a low of . It produces some of the water supply for Monroe County.
There are numerous sandstone outcroppings along the crest of the Peters Mountain and a number of high mountain bogs on Pine Swamp Ridge. The Mountain is primarily forested with upland oak, yellow poplar, red oak, and hickory.
The mountain was named for Peter Wright, who settled by the mountain in Covington, Virginia in 1746.
The Appalachian Trail traverses part of the crest of Peters Mountain. The Allegheny Trail also reaches its southern terminus here at the state boundary.
The Peters Mountain Wilderness, lying on the east slope of Peters Mountain in Virginia and designated in 1984, now has a total of . It is managed by Jefferson National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="19626413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626413" title="Ole Larsen Hammerstad">
Ole Larsen Hammerstad

Ole Larsen Hammerstad (1817–1873) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1857, representing the constituency of Christians Amt. He was re-elected in 1859, not in 1861, but returned in 1865 and 1868.
He was also involved in local politics, and was the mayor of Østre Toten from 1848 to 1849, 1856 to 1861 and 1870 to 1871. He was the second mayor of his municipality, after Peder Jensen Fauchald.
He worked as a farmer. A street in Oslo, "Hammerstads gate", has been named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19626414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626414" title="Equipment of a combat medic">
Equipment of a combat medic

This article discusses the standard equipment of a combat medic.
Role.
An armed medic, or a medic engaging in any combat role (such as manning an artillery piece), is considered a combatant and is not subject to protection under the Geneva Conventions. In order to enjoy those protections, a medic must be unarmed and also wear large, clear identifying insignia such as a red cross. However, in the type of asymmetric warfare which typifies modern conflicts, the enemy often has no respect for the laws of war and may in fact actively target medics (in addition to officers and radio operators), for the significant value they have in keeping the unit combat-effective. Thus, in most modern forces, medics are armed and do not wear large identifying insignia. A rifle or carbine is standard, often augmented with a sidearm because the medic may have to pass his rifle off in order to treat the wounded.
There is actually no requirement to wear identifying insignia or to be unarmed. Geneva Conventions require that Medics use weapons to defend only themselves or their patients. To understand this, one must know that litter-bearers fall under the same protection, but are not required to be marked or unarmed. Chaplains can also carry weapons to defend themselves.
Weapons.
The Combat Medic is commonly referred to as "Doc." With a combat unit, they function as a member of an infantry platoon up until the point that one of their comrades is wounded. Therefore, the Medic carries basically what a Rifleman or any other soldier carries. His Basic Equipment is usually:
Medical Equipment.
A combat medic will typically carry a backpack styled bag known as a "Unit One Pack". Aid bags are available from many different manufacturers, in many different styles. Depending on the unit and their standard operating procedures, the medic may have to follow a strict packing list, or may have the liberty of choosing their kit depending on the mission at hand. A typical aid bag will include:
Fluid Resuscitation 
Hemorrhage (blood loss) Control
Airway Management
Assorted Equipment
Battlefield Medicine
A combat medic is generally expected to care for the needs of the soldiers in his group, including their everyday ailments. A medic will usually carry a small amount of what are referred to as "snivel" or "sick call meds." These are common over-the-counter medications that do not require a prescription.
A Combat Medic may also carry other supplies as the mission dictates. A stethoscope, blood pressure cuff, pulse oximeter, otoscope, ophthalmoscope, and thermometer may help the medic treat his/her soldiers or civilians on the battlefield (COBs) while on an extended mission, as space dictates.

</doc>
<doc id="19626415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626415" title="Ajinkyatara">
Ajinkyatara

Ajinkyatara (Marathi: अजिंक्यतारा, meaning "The Impregnable Star") is a fort on one of the seven mountains surrounding the city of Satara in the Sahayadri Mountains of Maharashtra, India. It is a 16th Century fort and now also holds the television tower for the city of Satara. This fort has been the place where several pivotal moment in Maratha history took place.
History.
The fort is located at Ajinkyatara Mountain, which is 3,300 feet high. As the fort is in the higher altitude, visitors can enjoy a magnificent view of the entire Satara city. There are number of water tanks inside the fort for storing water. So, there is no scarcity of water even as the fort is in the higher place
In 1708, Shahu Maharaj won Ajinkyatara, remained with the Marathas till 1818. The Ajinkyatara fort is a major historic place of Maharashtra, and was very vital as one could keep watch of the entire South Maharashtra. 
This was the place where Tarabai was imprisoned by Shahu.
The fortress is also mentioned in Nathmadhav's novel "Veer Dhaval", in which the eponymous protagonist, a vassal of the Chalukyas, is the rightful master of the fort (and takes final possession of it at the novel's end) which has been under the misrule of his uncle Chanda Varma, who usurped the fort after murdering the protagonist's father Keerti Varma.
On can easily reach Ajinkyatara by road,train or plane.
By road-It is 2 hrs from Pune,4 hrs from Mumbai and 3 hrs from Kolhapur.
By train-Nearest station-Satara road and Major station-Pune.
By plane-Nearest airport-Pune and Nearest International Airport-Mumbai.
Photographs.
Its one of the most prominent fort in the history of Maratha's. Its situated in Satara.

</doc>
<doc id="19626422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626422" title="Pennterra (Creagerstown, Maryland)">
Pennterra (Creagerstown, Maryland)

Pennterra is a Georgian farmhouse near Thurmont, Maryland. The house is notable for its locally-quarried stonework and its unusually fine proportions. The house was built at about the same time as nearby Strawberry Hill, which was built in 1783.

</doc>
<doc id="19626432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626432" title="Raquel Calderón Argandoña">
Raquel Calderón Argandoña

Raquel Calderón Argandoña (born February 14, 1991) is a Chilean actress and singer. She became known at a very early age for being a daughter of the television star Raquel Argandoña de la Fuente and the attorney Hernán Calderón Salinas. Raquel began her acting career in 2006, in the television series "Karkú". The band Six Pack, created by the series, gave start to her musical career. She went solo in 2008, releasing 3 singles and an album under the stage name Kel. Also, in February 2008, Raquel Calderón was crowned Miss Teen Chile 2008.
Professional career.
Television.
Calderón, the year 2006 began her career as actress in the infantile miniseries of TVN called "Karkú". The series was released on February 5, 2007, and lasted some months.
As almost all the infantile and pre-teen series on the Chilean television, "Karkú" also created a musical group, with the series' actors as members. The group was called Six Pack. Finally, they recorded a disc, that was released in 2007. In spite of the fact that the group did not have a main vocalist, Calderón made herself the main member attracting most attention, probably because she was relatively better known than the others. Six Pack, that debuted on stage on July 21, 2007, received mixed reviews.
Due to the group's success, Kel's recording company started preparing a solo career for her. She began taking singing and guitar classes with the Uruguayan singer and musician Gonzalo Yáñez.
At the end of the year, her producing company My Friend obtained a contract with the television channel Canal 13 for a new juvenile teleseries called "Antonia". The contract with a rival network displeased TVN.
On January 2, 2008, conflicts between Raquel, her father Hernán Calderón, and the My Friend Entertainment producing company resulted in an abrupt termination of her contract. Her participation in "Karkú", Six Pack and "Antonia" was cancelled.
Music.
But a little later, Calderón announced that she would begin a solo career as a singer under the stage name Kel, with Gonzalo Yáñez as her producer. On January 14, Kel filmed her first solo music video for her first solo single, "Tenerte Cerca", in a Santiago mall. The video was directed by Esteban Vidal. Radio stations started to rotate the song a few days prior.
In February 2008, Raquel was crowned Miss Teen Chile 2008.
On March 16, 2008, Kel was an opening act for Belinda at her Movistar Arena (then Arena Santiago) concert. She sang 6 tracks from her album.
On July 3, 2008 Kel released her first solo album, "No Molestar!". The album was produced by Gonzalo Yáñez and released via Feria Music Records. "No Molestar!" was announced during the Viña del Mar International Song Festival but was delayed due to some setbacks.
Punks incident.
At the release of her first disc "No Molestar!", Chilean punks gathered outside the record shop in Santiago where Kel was going to release the album. The punks gathered to protest and express their disapproval of Kel's song "Me Creo Punky" ("I believe I'm a punk"), a pop song whose music video features Kel and other people dressed and behaving like punk stereotypes. The punks throwed objects from the street into the music store and police had to be called to the place. Despite the police action, the release event had to be cancelled. Kel later declared she was not scared by the punks.
University.
Currently, Kel is a law student. She entered the Faculty of Law of the University of Chile in 2010.
Controversy.
Raquel Calderón (Kel) does not compose her own songs, they are composed by the singer-songwriter Gonzalo Yáñez. The autograph session dedicated to the releases of her first album and the single "Me Creo Punky" on July 3, 2008, was cancelled due to the large gathering of punks who came to protest against the song "Me Creo Punky".

</doc>
<doc id="19626445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626445" title="Wildfire Wildfire">
Wildfire Wildfire

Wildfire Wildfire Records is an American independent record label based in Baltimore, MD.
History.
The Wildfire Wildfire project was founded in 2005 by Devon Deimler and Matthew Papich while students at the Maryland Institute College of Art in Baltimore, MD. While there, Deimler and Papich became friends with many musicians of different influences and were inspired to collaborate and curate shows according to their own aesthetic. A website was created and managed to announce independent local shows of their liking and often featured drawings of local bands as a visual element.
In 2006, Wildfire Wildfire became a record label as well, intending their first release to be a Baltimore mixtape by Cex.
In addition to releasing records, Wildfire Wildfire has also hosted dozens of DIY music shows, many notably at the warehouse space Floristree in downtown Baltimore. In 2007, they collaborated with Dan Deacon to curate and host the Whartscape Festival, and in 2008 collaborated with Floristree to present Full House Festival, which included a performance by the Krautrock band Cluster.
Matthew Papich is also a founding member of Ecstatic Sunshine and is currently the band's only permanent member.
Manifesto.
On their website, Wildfire Wildfire lists their influences as 60s zine culture and its art world crossover, along with an early DIY punk rock ethos. Notes Deimler, such a combination allows the label to "to release music and artwork important to our generation of experimentation".
Poster design and multimedia elements beyond music are often incorporated into Wildfire-curated shows, blurring the line between the art and music world. Wildfire Wildfire illustration, media, and poster design have become a staple in the burgeoning Baltimore experimental music scene 
Catalog.
WFWF001 - Santa Dads "Anima Mundi" CD
WFWF002 - "Thank You" "World City" CD
WFWF003 - Dan Deacon "Spiderman of the Rings" LP
WFWF004 - Video Hippos "Unbeast the Leash" LP
WFWF005 - OCDJ "Hooray" CD
WFWF006 - Ecstatic Sunshine "Living" EP + CD
WFWF007 - Cex "Dannibal" LP
WFWF008 - Sandcats / Car Clutch "Friendship/Trip01" Split 7"
WFWF009 - Lucky Dragons / Ecstatic Sunshine "Friendship/Trip02" Split 7"
WFWF010 - Dustin Wong "Seasons" LP (June 2009)
WFWF011 - Jason Willett / Jason Urick "Friendship/Trip03" Split 7"

</doc>
<doc id="19626460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626460" title="Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metre breaststroke

The men's 200 metre breaststroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fifth appearance of the event, which was established in 1908. The competition was held from Monday August 6, 1928 to Wednesday August 8, 1928.
Twenty-one swimmers from 13 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In the third heat Erich Rademacher set a new Olympic record with 2:52.0 minutes. In the fourth heat Yoshiyuki Tsuruta bettered the record to 2:50.0 minutes. Tsuruta improved the record in the semi-finals with 2:49.2 minutes and in the final with 2:48.8 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Monday August 6, 1928: The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced. As there was a tie for second place in the fifth heat both swimmers advanced instead of a third placed.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Semifinals.
Tuesday August 7, 1928: The fastest three in each semi-final advanced.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Wednesday August 8, 1928:

</doc>
<doc id="19626464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626464" title="Hans Laurits Olsen Hammerstad">
Hans Laurits Olsen Hammerstad

Hans Laurits Olsen Hammerstad (1840 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1877, representing the constituency of Kristians Amt. He only served one term.
He was also involved in local politics, and was the mayor of Østre Toten from 1876 to 1877. He was succeeded by Martin Adolf Andersen.
He worked as a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19626480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626480" title="Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres

The men's K-4 1000 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
15 crews entered in two heats on August 7. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining nine teams were relegated to the repechages.
Schnurrenberger's name is misspelled in the official report. Schmidt's first name was listed as Dieter in the official report.
Repechages.
Nine teams competed in two repechages on August 7. The top three finishers from each of the repechages advanced directly to the semifinals.
Italy recorded a time of 48.45 at the 250 m mark which was in fourth, but did not finish.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in the each of the semifinals (raced on August 9) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 11. 

</doc>
<doc id="19626488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626488" title="2009 World Club Challenge">
2009 World Club Challenge

The 2009 World Club Challenge was contested by Super League XIII champions, Leeds Rhinos, competing in their second consecutive World Club Challenge, and 2008 NRL Premiers, the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles. For the first time since 2003, the Australian champions defeated their English counterparts.
The match featured 28 penalties and two punch-ups which resulted in rival props Josh Perry (Manly) and Jamie Peacock (Leeds) sin-binned in the 20th minute. with Manly's three quick tries in the first seven minutes after the break proving decisive. Leeds scored three tries of their own towards the end of the match, but by then it was too late.
Qualification.
Leeds Rhinos.
Leeds Rhinos qualified through being the 2008 Super League champions, defeating St Helens 24 - 16 in the Grand Final. The Yorkshire club had already completed their first three rounds of Super League XIV before contesting the world Club Challenge, with wins in all of them.
Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.
The Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles clinched the 2008 National Rugby League Premiership with a 40-0 thrashing of the Melbourne Storm - an Australian grand final record, earning them a place in the World Club Challenge. Five months later they travelled to England, while other NRL clubs were starting pre-season trial matches against one another. 
The week before the World Club Challenge the Sea Eagles had a warm-up match against London's Super League club, Harlequins RL, winning 34-26. Manly played the first half against the Harlequins with their bench players, and their regular starters only had the second half to work out any cobwebs as most had not played since either the Grand Final or the 2008 World Cup which had concluded four months before the WCC.
Match details.
The last time the Sea Eagles had played in England was in the 1987 World Club Challenge, a game their coach Des Hasler played in. They lost to Wigan that night and were hoping to win their first World Club title this time around. Leeds had played in the Challenge twice before, defeating their Australian counterparts on both occasions. After their victory over the Melbourne Storm the previous year, the Rhinos were hoping to become the first team in history to win consecutive titles.
The first 20 minutes of the match were played from end to end in a very even contest. A legal tackle by Manly's Anthony Watmough in the 16th minute on Leeds' pint sized scrum-half Rob Burrow knocked him out and he played no further part in the match. In the 20th minute a brawl erupted, front rowers Jamie Peacock and Josh Perry the main combatants. Both players were sent to the sin-bin and a penalty awarded to Manly. Sea Eagles captain Matt Orford opted to attack Leeds' line and Brett Stewart broke through the defence from dummy-half to score the first points just after a quarter of the match had passed. Orford converted the try so Manly had a 6 nil lead. Seven minutes later the Sea Eagles were again down in the Rhinos' half when Orford put a short ball onto the chest of a flying Anthony Watmough from 30 metres out to race through the defence and score. Orford's conversion pushed the Australian club's lead out to 12 nil. Manly could have put the game beyond doubt seven minutes before half-time when Watmough charged onto a pass and broke through flimsy defense before popping a soft pass to a flying Brett Stewart who somehow managed to drop the ball with a try under the posts seemingly seconds away. In the 37th minute Leeds were just into Manly's half when they kicked ahead, regathered and got the ball to Danny McGuire who made it over the line but had the ball stripped from his grasp by Matt Orford in a one-on-one tackle before he could ground it. Jamie Jones-Buchanan was there to press the ball to the turf however, so the try was given by the video referee. Kevin Sinfield missed the relatively easy conversion, so Leeds were down 4-12. The score did not change during the remaining few minutes of the half.
Leeds started the 2nd half making a small break down the left hand side in the first minute after Manly hooker Heath L'Estrange had given away a penalty. In the resulting play, McGuire got the ball to Hall who passed inside to Keith Senior who had the ball stripped on-on-one by Jamie Lyon. The 2nd minute of play saw Manly make a break from the half way line with Adam Cuthbertson getting the ball out to Michael Robertson left wing. Leeds winger (and former Manly player) Scott Donald attempted to tackle Robertson but he managed to get a pass away. Leeds centre Carl Ablett failed to gather the loose ball and managed to knock the ball straight into the waiting hands of Brett Stewart. The Manly fullback picked the ball up 12m out from the line and with no one to beat scored his second try. Orford missed the conversion, and the score was 16-4 in favour of the visiting team. The Sea Eagles scored again one minute later as they were returning the ball from the kick-off. Michael Robertson made another break down the right wing and centre kicked ahead for Brett Stewart who came close to scoring before being brought down by Ryan Hall. This then gave Watmough the chance to score his second try from first receiver before Leeds' defence could regather. Orford kicked the extras so Manly had gotten away to a 22-4 lead. When returning the following kick-off as well the Sea Eagles scored again, this time Shane Rodney made a break 25m from his own line and got to the Leeds 40m line before finding L'Estrange in support who in turn popped a pass to Steve Matai who had an easy 20m run to the tryline. Manly had scored their 3rd try in only 6 minutes and 45 seconds of the second half. Orford missed the conversion so Manly lead was 26-4. In the 64th minute, after Leeds got repeat sets of six down near Manly's line, they moved the ball from one side of the field out to the other, a quick no-look pass from Ali Lautiiti sending Keith Senior over the line. Sinfield kicked the extras so the Rhinos were down 16 points with fifteen minutes remaining. After 71 and a half minutes, 30 metres out from Manly's line, Lautiiti made a run from dummy-half down the left side and threw another deft no-look pass to Ryan Hall who scored in the corner. Sinfield's kick from the sideline bounced through off one of the posts, so Leeds were 10 points down with seven minutes of the match remaining. Another fight broke out in the 75th minute and again Leeds were penalised. The Sea Eagles opted to take the kick for goal, which Orford did successfully. This made their lead 12 points with only 3 minutes remaining. Leeds got one more try in the final minute of the game, Keith Senior making a break from 60 metres out down the left wing before finding Danny McGuire in support to score in the corner just seconds before the final hooter. Sinfield's sideline conversion attempt was missed, so the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles had won the World Club Challenge for the first time, by a score of 28-20. Second-rower Anthony Watmough was named man-of-the-match.

</doc>
<doc id="19626499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626499" title="Interlocutor (music)">
Interlocutor (music)

An interlocutor is the master of ceremonies of a minstrel show. A blackface character, like the other performers, the interlocutor nonetheless had a somewhat aristocratic demeanor, a "codfish aristocrat".

</doc>
<doc id="19626500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626500" title="Martin Walker (reporter)">
Martin Walker (reporter)

Martin Walker is the Senior Director of the Global Business Policy Council (GBPC). He has been a part of the GBPC since 1997 and was appointed as the Senior Director on 25 January 2007
Life.
He was educated at Harrow County School for Boys and Balliol College, Oxford. Walker lives in Europe with his wife with whom he has two daughters.
Walker is also Editor-in-Chief Emeritus of United Press International. While at UPI he was also an international correspondent.
Before joining UPI in 2000 he spent 25 years at "The Guardian" newspaper working in a variety of positions including bureau chief in Moscow and the United States, European editor and assistant editor.
He also holds a variety of other positions including being a senior scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington, D.C.; a senior fellow of the World Policy Institute at the New School for Social Research in New York; and the Board of Directors of the Global Panel Foundation (Berlin, Copenhagen, Prague, Sydney and Toronto). He is also a contributing editor of the Los Angeles Times's Opinion section and of Europe magazine. Walker also is a regular commentator on CNN, Inside Washington, and NPR.
Works.
Walker has written several books including "Waking Giant: Gorbachev and Perestroika", "The Cold War: A History", "Clinton: The President They Deserve" and "America Reborn".
He is also the author of the 'Bruno' detective series set in the Périgord region of France, where Walker has a holiday home. It is based on an unconventional village policeman, Benoit 'Bruno' Courreges, a gourmet cook and former soldier who was wounded on a peacekeeping mission in the Balkans, who never carries his official gun and has "long since lost the key to his handcuffs." 

</doc>
<doc id="19626503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626503" title="Martin Adolf Andersen">
Martin Adolf Andersen

Martin Adolf Andersen (1844 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1889, representing the constituency of Kristians Amt. He only served one term.
He was also involved in local politics, serving as mayor of Østre Toten from 1878 to 1893. He succeeded Hans Laurits Olsen Hammerstad and was succeeded by Peder Madsen Wang.
He worked as a farmer.
He is survived by Mateo Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="19626507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626507" title="Color of the day (police)">
Color of the day (police)

The color of the day is a signal used by undercover officers of some police departments in the United States. It is used to assist in the identification of plainclothes police officers by uniformed officers. Perhaps its best known use is by the New York City Police Department (NYPD), the NYPD Transit Bureau (formerly the "New York City Transit Police") and the NYPD Housing Bureau (formerly the "New York City Housing Authority Police Department") among other law enforcement agencies.
An undercover police officer will wear a headband, wristband or other piece of clothing in the same color as the "color of the day"; this color is told to officers at the station house before they start work. The system is for officer safety and first started during the violence of the 1970s and 1980s New York City.
Purpose.
New York City is a very large city with a population of over 8,310,000, with over 18,800,000 people living in the area around it. An extra 500,000 people enter the city during a weekday. Many different police agencies operate in the New York area.
The color of the day system is about officer safety. With so many armed officers in the city, undercover police officers need to have an easy to use system in place to provide for discreet, but easy identification of plainclothes officers by uniformed ones. The system is in place to prevent uniformed officers from interrupting undercover operations.
History.
The NYPD Street Crimes Unit started in 1971. From the late 1970s through the early 1990s, crime in New York City was at record levels. Undercover officers were asked to go into areas such as subways in plain-clothes or dressed as a homeless person as a decoy. Many of these officers were black and had a fear that uniformed officers would mistake them for criminals in a use-of-force situation.
Many of these officers would dress and pretend to be drunk, homeless people or as decoy victims in order to catch muggers who were attacking those at-risk groups. The color of the day system was developed to prevent friendly fire incidents. In the beginning, specifically colored headbands were given to each undercover Street Crime Unit member.
Other officers would be briefed on that color to allow them to quickly recognize the undercover officers, while the general public would not notice anything unusual. This began the "Color of the Day" system. Later they also used wristbands in a similar manner. Today's officers often dress in the color.

</doc>
<doc id="19626513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626513" title="Strawberry Hill (Creagerstown, Maryland)">
Strawberry Hill (Creagerstown, Maryland)

Strawberry Hill is a Georgian style farmhouse near Thurmont, Frederick County, Maryland, built in 1783. The house is substantially similar in plan to nearby Pennterra, but lacks Pennterra's later Victorian additions. The locally-quarried stone includes an unusual diamond pattern on the southeast side of the house.

</doc>
<doc id="19626515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626515" title="Pik BAM">
Pik BAM

Pik BAM is a mountain in Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia. It reaches 3,072 metres above sea level. It was named after the Baikal Amur Mainline railway, which passes south of it. It is the highest summit of the Kodar Range. The nearest town is Novaya Chara.
See also.
List of ultras of Northeast Asia

</doc>
<doc id="19626520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626520" title="Elias Petropoulos">
Elias Petropoulos

Elias Petropoulos (; 1928–2003), who was born in Greece but spent much of his life in France, holds a unique place in the intellectual life of Europe. A self-described "urban anthropologist," he wrote widely and seriously on aspects of Greek life which were rarely considered objects of serious study: the design of the ubiquitous balconies, courtyards, ironwork, and windows of Greek buildings, the methods and vocabulary of preparing coffee and the art of telling fortunes from coffee-grounds, the traditional layout and functioning of brothels, the role of bean soup as an unheralded Greek national dish, the specialized slang of the Greek homosexual scene — it is claimed that his book "Kaliarda" ("Καλιαρντά") was the first dictionary of gay slang in any language — the Greek drug users' underworld, and above all, the Greek musical form rebetiko, of which he was certainly the major historian. His major work, "Rebetika Traghoudhia," extensively documents the lyrics and instrumentation of this music, as well as the lifestyle associated with it. The publication of the first edition of this book in Greece in 1968 so scandalized the ruling dictatorship that he was jailed for five months.
He also published poetry, both original and in translation.
Biography.
Early life.
Petropoulos was born in Athens on the 26th of June 1928, but spent his early years in Thessaloniki, where his father, a junior civil servant, was transferred when Elias was six. Thessaloniki was at the time a multicultural centre with an important Jewish population. During the second world war, Petropoulos was active in Greek resistance movement against Nazi occupation. His father was killed in the front. The body was never found and this scarred young Elias for the rest of his life. In 1947 during the Greek Civil War, he was briefly imprisoned for his participation in left wing organisations. Afterwards he finished high school, got a job in the Thessaloniki city council as a minor civil servant, and finished a degree in Law in the Aristotelian University of Thessaloniki. In 1949 he was fired from his post because of his convictions, after which he spent 8 years unemployed and marginalised. In 1958 he started his long trajectory as a writer, essayist and political commentator which lasted until his death. In 1963, when progressive politician Gregoris Lambrakis was assassinated by right wing extremists in Thessaloniki, Petropoulos wrote lengthy articles in local newspapers. Despite writing anonymously, he was interrogated by the police for his opinions. He has a daughter named Lyda Petropoulou (architect).
Later years.
In 1965 he moved to Athens and started working as a columnist in "Mesimvrini" newspaper and "Eikones" monthly. At the same time he published his first major treatise, concerning three significant figures of contemporary Greek culture, eponymously titled "Elytis Moralis Tsarouchis". In the following ten years he embarked in a thorough and systematic exploration of Greek marginal subcultures. He befriended homosexuals, prostitutes, rebetiko musicians, hashish smokers, petty thieves and many other people that populate the margins of Greek society. He studied their culture, language and customs, and wrote extensively about them. At the same time he turned his critical skills and corrosive sense of humour against the hypocrisy of dominant culture and the corruption and repression of the Greek state. The most notable books of this period are:
·"The manual of the good thief" ("Το εγχειρίδιο του καλού κλέφτη"), a satirical but precise description of the criminal underworld, the practices of the police (including an extensive and detailed description of the methods of torture employed) and the state of the Greek prisons of the time.
·"Kaliarnta" ("Καλιαρντά"), a glossary of the idiom used between homosexuals and transvestites at the time, which is thought to be the first gay slang dictionary written in any language.
·"Rempetika Traghoudia" ("Ρεμπέτικα Τραγούδια"), an extensive cataloguing and analysis of the Rebetiko musical style, an urban music that emerged in Greece in the early 20th century and was prohibited and marginalised until well after the 1950s.
The publishing of this controversial material that is often irreverent towards the establishment and defies attempts at censorship, earned Petropoulos three different jail sentences during the dictatorship of the colonels. It is an interesting fact that Petropoulos was the only Greek during the 7-year dictatorship that had an identity card stating that he was an atheist. (Religious beliefs were obligatorily mentioned on Greek identity documents until recent years). The continuous persecution that outlasted the dictatorship forced him to self-exile in Paris, where he continued writing and publishing ethnographic works. There he studied Turkology and later he started lecturing at various Universities, most notably the Free University of Berlin.
In 2003 he died of cancer in Paris at the age of 75. According to his will, his body was cremated and his ashes were thrown in a sewer by his lifelong partner Mary Koukoule. This scene was captured on film in the 2004 documentary "Elias Petropoulos: A world underground" ("Ηλίας Πετρόπουλος: Ένας κόσμος υπόγειος"), directed by Kalliopi Legaki. The documentary, that contains the last interview given by Petropoulos and an overview of his life and work, was given the Award of the International Federation of Film Critics (FIPRESCI) in the 2005 Thessaloniki Film Festival.
Published works.
Petropoulos was the author of a large number of books, most of which have not been translated into English and many of which are out of print. The following select bibliography attempts to list all of his books in English or French, and the major works in Greek.
Books by Elias Petropoulos:
Film about Elias Petropoulos

</doc>
<doc id="19626534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626534" title="No Molestar!">
No Molestar!

No Molestar! is the debut album by the Chilean actress and singer Kel. The album was released on July 3, 2008 in Chile via Feria Music Records.
The first and lead single of the album was "Tenerte Cerca" 
The album was produced by the Uruguayan Gonzalo Yáñez, an ex-vocalist of No Me Acuerdo.
"No Molestar!" was announced during the Viña del Mar International Song Festival, but there were some setbacks that delayed the release.
Release.
The album was released on July 3, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19626551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626551" title="Connors State College">
Connors State College

Connors State College is a public college located in Warner and Muskogee, Oklahoma. 
History.
Founded as an agricultural high school in 1908, it was soon converted to a school of agriculture. In 2013, Jason Sharp founded Connor's State College.
At statehood, the Oklahoma Constitution specified that the state should have an agricultural school in each of of the State Supreme Court Judicial Districts. These schools would be granted at least , and be overseen by Oklahoma's Board of Agriculture. In the First Judicial District, Warner, Oklahoma vied with Muskogee as the school location. Led by State Senator Campbell Russell, Warner residents donated for the school and Warner won the competition. The school was named in honor of John P. Connors, the Board of Agriculture's first president.
In March 1927, the Oklahoma Legislature made the school an accredited junior college and renamed it as Connors State Agricultural College. In 1941, the school was put under the oversight of newly created Oklahoma State System of Higher Education. In 1944, it was transferred to the Board of Regents for Agricultural and Mechanical Colleges. It was again renamed as Connors State College of Agriculture and Applied Science in 1967.
Campuses.
The college has two sites, in Warner and Muskogee, Oklahoma. 
Organization and administration.
The current President of Connors is Dr. Timothy W. Faltyn.
Academic profile.
The school offers degrees up to the Associate's degree.
Student life.
Sport.
The college athletic teams are nicknamed the Cowboys.

</doc>
<doc id="19626554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626554" title="Screenslaves">
Screenslaves

Screenslaves is the ninth studio album by Paragon. It is their first album released under Massacre Records, and also the first album to feature Dirk Seifert on bass. The digipak version of the album includes the video for "Screenslaves".
References.
Blabbermouth news

</doc>
<doc id="19626580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626580" title="Fantastic Story Magazine">
Fantastic Story Magazine

Fantastic Story Magazine was a 1950-55 science fiction pulp magazine which merged pulp reprints with new stories.
It was published on a quarterly schedule by Best Books, a subsidiary imprint of Standard Magazines. Initially priced at 25 cents, the 160-page debut issue (Spring 1950) was titled Fantastic Story Quarterly, and it continued with that title for a year. Beginning with the Summer 1951 issue, it was known as "Fantastic Story Magazine" until it folded (Spring 1955), leaving a total of 23 issues.
The first editor, Sam Merwin, Jr., left with the Fall 1951 issue. His replacement, Samuel Mines, edited from the Winter 1952 issue until Fall 1954, when he was replaced by Alexander Samalman who edited the last two issues in 1955 (Winter, Spring).
Writers.
Each issue featured a lead novel or novella and short stories. A. E. van Vogt's "Slan" was reprinted in issue #10, and Stanley G. Weinbaum's "The Black Flame" was reprinted in #9. In the first issue, Edmond Hamilton's novel "The Hidden World" was followed by "Trespass!", a short story collaboration by Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson, plus stories by Raymond Z. Gallun, John Russell Fearn and others. The second issue included stories by James Blish and Jack Williamson, with Eando Binder in the third issue and Eric Frank Russell in the fourth, followed by Damon Knight (#5), Henry Kuttner (#6), Chad Oliver (#7), L. Sprague de Camp (#8), Sam Merwin, Jr. (#9), Daniel Keyes (#10), Fletcher Pratt (#11), Walter M. Miller, Jr. (#12), Richard Matheson (#13), H. L. Gold and Carl Jacobi (#14), Murray Leinster (#15), Philip K. Dick (#16), Manly Wade Wellman and Otis Adelbert Kline (#17), John W. Campbell, Jr. (#18), Alfred Coppel (#19), Ray Bradbury and Ray Cummings (#20), Arthur K. Barnes (#21), Jack Vance (#22) and David H. Keller (#23).
Cover design.
A curved logo was used for the "Fantastic Story Quarterly" title, and this same logo design continued on "Fantastic Story Magazine" for six issues until it was discontinued with the tenth issue (Summer 1952). The magazine was recognizable in 1952-53 by an unusual and distinctive cover design which placed the illustration in a circle surrounded by a flat color. This experiment received a cover display for five issues, from the Fall 1952 issue until May 1953. It's probable that this cover concept was a nod in the direction of "Flair", a 1950-51 slick magazine which received much attention because each issue had a die-cut hole in the front cover revealing an image on the first interior page.
The cover illustrators included Jack Coggins, Ed Emshwiller, Alex Schomburg and Earle K. Bergey. Illustrations by Bergey usually featured women in space helmets and bikinis or skin-tight outfits, a type of apparel that later served as the inspiration for Princess Leia's slave-girl costume in "Return of the Jedi". 
One issue (Fall 1954) was prominently displayed as a prop in the movie "Back to the Future", showing that the character was a science fiction reader during the early 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="19626582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626582" title="Chinna Mapillai">
Chinna Mapillai

Chinna Mapillai (English: Younger Son-in-law) is a 1993 Indian Tamil-language film starring Prabhu Ganesan and Sukanya in lead roles. The film was a commercial success upon release in January 1993. It was remade in Hindi as "Coolie No.1" (1995), in Telugu as "Chinna Alludu" (1993) and in Kannada as "Coolie Raja" (1999).
Plot.
Prabhu is a kind-hearted poor man who works as a coolie in bus stand. Visu, a marriage broker wants him to pose as a rich man from Singapore and marry Sukanya to break the arrogance and her money-minded father (Radha Ravi).Her father finds out that he is a coolie. But Prabhu brilliantly lies that it is his younger brother.How he reforms both of them forms the story.
Soundtrack.
Ilaiyaraaja has compoed the film's popular soundtrack and lyrics written by Vaali and Gangai Amaran.
Trivia.
"Chinna Mapillai" was remade in Malayalam with slight changes as "Mattupetti Machan" and interestingly the same film was again remade into Tamil as "Banda Paramasivam", thus completing a cycle.The film was block buster in tamil.
initially actress "revathi" was offered the role of janaki,then she came out and it was played by "suganya".

</doc>
<doc id="19626601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626601" title="Mathias Larsen Blilie">
Mathias Larsen Blilie

Mathias Larsen Blilie (2 October 1854 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and the Liberal Left Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1907, representing the Liberal Party and the constituency of Toten. He was re-elected in 1910, but this time representing the Liberal Left Party.
Born in Vestre Toten, his father Lars Kristian Blilie was a member of Parliament too. Mathias Blilie worked as a farmer, and was also director of the local savings bank and insurance company for some time.
He was a member of Vestre Toten municipal council for twenty-eight years. He served as mayor of Vestre Toten from 1902 to 1907, and when the municipality Eina was created in 1908, he served as its first mayor. He stepped down after the year 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="19626624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626624" title="2008 FIA GT Nogaro 2 Hours">
2008 FIA GT Nogaro 2 Hours

The 2008 FIA GT Nogaro 2 Hours was the eighth round of the 2008 FIA GT Championship season. It took place at the Circuit Paul Armagnac, France, on 5 October 2008.
Race results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
† – #51 AF Corse was given a 30-second time penalty after the race, the equivalent of a drive-through penalty.

</doc>
<doc id="19626651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626651" title="Modernine TV">
Modernine TV

Modernine TV () is a state-owned free-to-air television network in Thailand, which is owned and operated by MCOT, a government agency. It broadcasts from its headquarters in Huai Khwang, Bangkok along with its sister channel Channel 3 and some other radio stations.
First commenced broadcasting on 24 June 1955, Modernine TV is known as the first and oldest TV station in Thailand. Currently, Modernine TV broadcasts for 24 hours.
An educational programme series known as ETV (Educational Television) was broadcast on this channel until 1999, where it moved to NBT later on. ETV was later replaced by etvthai.tv. ETV was also available on TrueVisions until October 2007.
Modernine TV currently broadcasts via VHF (Very High Frequency), which located on VHF channel 9 in the Bangkok. However, a weak UHF signal is also receivable.
History.
Channel 9 began as Channel 4 on 24 June 1955, in conjunction with 1 January 1956.
Channel 9 originally broadcasts in Black and White format until 1974, when Colour television was introduced.
In 2002, a mass restructuring exercise was done and new logos were introduced for Channel 9.
In 2013, the logo of channel 9 has daily color and on special events.
Opening and Closing times.
Startup.
Modernine TV is a 24 hours television station, but still starts up 5-10 minutes before the Buddha's quotes. The royal anthem was played, followed by the Buddha's quotes. The first programme of the day follows thereafter.
Programmes.
News (Provide By TNA)
Talkshows (Live Television Broadcasting)
Special (Live Television Broadcasting)
Sports (Live Television Broadcasting)
Availability.
Modernine TV is available on channel 9 (VHF) and transmitter location is Baiyoke Tower II in Bangkok, Thailand.
Clock idents.
At first Modernine TV had used the clock tower in Bangkok as the clock ident. In 1987, MCOT introduced a new clock design - very simple: colour background, white hands, white lines, white logo, with the logo inscribed above it. The clock will usually be broadcast before close down. In 2002 the clock ident is no longer used. In 2013 the clock ident is used again with Thai language voice-over.

</doc>
<doc id="19626658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626658" title="Yongding River">
Yongding River

The Yongding River (; Wade Giles: Yungting River) is a river in northern China. It is one of the main tributaries in the Hai River system and is best known as the largest river to flow through Beijing Municipality.
Geography.
The Yongding River is in length and drains an area of . It emerges from the Guancen Mountains (管涔山) in Ningwu County, Shanxi Province, where it is known as the Cangqian River (桑乾河) and flows northeast into Inner Mongolia and then heads southeast into Hebei Province.
In Huailai County, it fills the Guanting Reservoir, the biggest reservoir serving Beijing and takes on the name Yongding. It enters Beijing Municipality through the Xishan Mountains west of the city in Mentougou District and descends into the flatlands of Fengtai and Daxing Districts.
The river eventually flows back into Hebei Province and then on to Tianjin Municipality, where it meets the Hai River just before the latter enters the city and then empties into the Bohai Sea at Tanggu. Part of the river is diverted before the juncture with the Hai, and flows directly into the Bohai Sea. This channel is called the Yongding New River (永定新河).
History.
Historically, the river was notorious for its flash floods and course changes. The river has taken at least three major courses through Beijing. According to the earliest historical records, the river originally flowed northeast from Babaoshan toward what is now the Purple Bamboo Park in Haidian District and into Wenyu River.
In the Western Han Dynasty, the river flowed south from Deshengmen through the present-day downtown Beijing, including Qianmen and Hongqiao and Longtan Lake, before leaving to the southeast. At that time, the city was situated to the southwest of today's city centre. In the Liao Dynasty, the river moved southwest to its present course, and the Lugou Bridge was built over it in 1189. When Marco Polo visited the city during the Yuan Dynasty, he crossed the Yongding River on the Lugou Bridge, which became known as the Marco Polo Bridge.
The river has been known colloquially as the "Wuding River" or the "River of Instability." In 1698, the Qing Dynasty Kangxi Emperor's government reinforced the river banks and rendered the current course permanent. Thereafter it became known as the "Yongding River" or the "River of Eternal Stability."

</doc>
<doc id="19626682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626682" title="Lars Kristiansen Blilie">
Lars Kristiansen Blilie

Lars Kristiansen Blilie (1820–1892) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1871, representing the constituency of Kristians Amt. He was re-elected in 1874, 1880 and 1883.
He was also involved in local politics, serving as mayor of Vestre Toten from 1866 to 1871.
He worked as a farmer. His son Mathias Larsen Blilie followed in his footsteps, becoming both mayor and a member of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19626714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626714" title="Golden shower (disambiguation)">
Golden shower (disambiguation)

A golden shower is slang for the practice of urinating on another person for sexual pleasure, as part of urolagnia. 
"Golden shower" may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19626717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626717" title="Leptoglossus zonatus">
Leptoglossus zonatus

Leptoglossus zonatus is a species of leaf-footed bug, a type of true bug. It is found throughout much of South America, Central America, Mexico, and the southwestern United States. The bug is two centimeters in length, gray in color, with a zigzagging whitish band across its back and two distinctive yellowish spots on its anterior pronotum, the identifying characteristic for the species.
This leaf-footed bug is one of the two major pests of physic nut plants in Nicaragua. In Honduras, where the bug is known commonly as "chinche patona" (large-legged bug), it is a minor garden pest. It is a pest of many crops in Brazil and it may transmit the plant pathogen "Herpetomonas macgheei", a trypanosomatid protozoan. It breeds in pomegranate and desert willow trees, and the gregarious bright orange nymphs aggregate there. It is a serious pest of satsuma oranges in Louisiana, causing damage by feeding and by transmitting the pathogenic yeast "Nematospora coryli".
Biological pest control agents found to be effective against this insect include the entomopathogenic fungus "Beauveria bassiana".

</doc>
<doc id="19626721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626721" title="Electric Arguments">
Electric Arguments

Electric Arguments is the third album by The Fireman, an experimental music duo consisting of Paul McCartney and producer Youth. The album was first announced 29 September 2008, on Paul McCartney's website, and was released on 24 November 2008 on the duo's website. It is the first Fireman release to be publicly acknowledged by McCartney, and the album cover features the names of both contributors.
Background and recording.
The album, unlike the earlier Fireman albums, features prominent vocals. Each song on the album was recorded in one day, the album itself done in only thirteen days, spread over the course of a year. The album features the hidden track "Road Trip", at the end of "Don't Stop Running". Remixes of "Lifelong Passion" were made: "Sawain Ambient Acapella", and "Sawain Instrumental Dub". Instrumental mixes of "Sun Is Shining" and "Traveling Light" of made, titled "Equinox Instrumental", and "Travelling Light Instrumental", respectively. Instrumental dub mixes were made of "Sing the Changes" and "Don't Stop Running", titled "Morning Mist Instrumental Dub" and "Wickerman Ambient Dub", respectively.
The duo borrowed the title "Electric Arguments" from the poem "Kansas City to St. Louis" by Allen Ginsberg. In "Wired" magazine, McCartney stated this was because "he's been looking at the beauty of word combinations rather than their meaning."
Critical reception.
"Electric Arguments" debuted at number 79 on the UK Album Charts, marking the first appearance for The Fireman in the British charts. They also made their inaugural appearance on the Billboard 200, reaching number 67. It was acclaimed by critics, cited as one of the best albums of 2008. Allmusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine wrote, "There are more twists and turns, more textures, than on any other McCartney album in the last 20 years," awarding the album 4 and a half stars. Will Hermes of "Rolling Stone" called the album "the ex-Beatle's headiest music in years" giving it 4 stars. Pete Paphides of "The Times" gave the album 4 stars, saying "Electric Arguments is delivered with a disregard for production values or playlist potential that would make, say, Keane or the Kooks blush at their own conservatism". Review aggregator Metacritic tallied 74 (out of 100), indicating "generally favorable reviews" based on 23 critics (18 of which were positive, four mixed and one negative).
Track listing.
All songs written by Paul McCartney.
Release.
Reissues.
"Electric Arguments" has been reissued in several packages:
The original 13-track album.
The 7-track bonus disc.
The music videos and making-of the album.
Multi-track session files.

</doc>
<doc id="19626723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626723" title="List of Speakers of the National Assembly of Hungary">
List of Speakers of the National Assembly of Hungary

The Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary is the presiding officer (or speaker) of the Hungarian National Assembly. The current Speaker is László Kövér.
Since Hungary has no vice president, the Speaker becomes acting President whenever the President resigns, dies or is unable to discharge his duties.
Speakers of the National Assembly of Hungary.
In 1927 the National Assembly of Hungary became bicameral.

</doc>
<doc id="19626728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626728" title="Carnage Carnival">
Carnage Carnival

Carnage Carnival is the fourth full-length album by Swedish doom metal band Memory Garden, their first released on Vic Records. A bonus DVD is included with the CD, with studio clips, live clips and video for the title track.
External links.
Official Memory Garden-homepage

</doc>
<doc id="19626738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626738" title="Peter Munch Brager">
Peter Munch Brager

Peter Munch Brager (1806 - ??) was a Norwegian priest and politician.
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1845, representing the constituency of Finmarkens Amt. He only served one term.
At that time he was a vicar in Lenvig; he was later appoined vicar in Øiestad. His son followed in his footsteps as a vicar.

</doc>
<doc id="19626745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626745" title="T-head engine">
T-head engine

A T-head engine is an early type of internal combustion engine that became obsolete after World War I.
It is a sidevalve engine that is distinguished from the much more common L-head by its placement of the valves. The intake valves are on one side of the engine block and the exhaust valves on the other. Seen from the end of the crankshaft, in cutaway view, the cylinder and combustion chamber resembles a T - hence the name "T-head". An L-head has all valves at the same side. 
Overview.
This was an early form of crossflow cylinder head. The design was very complex for its day, requiring separate camshafts to operate the intake and exhaust valves. This made the engine much more expensive to produce than a comparable L-head (flathead) engine. Additionally, it was also quite heavy and inefficient for its displacement, producing less horsepower than a flathead or modern overhead valve engine of comparable displacement.
The reason for this design's popularity from the turn of the 20th century into the 1920s is due to the type of gasoline sold at the time, which ignited at a much lower temperature than modern motor fuels. If the gasoline vapor got too hot or was compressed too much it could explode before being lit by the spark plug, a condition known as engine knocking or detonation. Since detonation was-and still is-a primary cause of catastrophic engine failure, limiting both the temperature and compression of the extremely explosive gasoline vapor was critical for maximum engine reliability. 
The T-Head addressed both of these issues by putting the valves in open alcoves on opposite sides of the cylinder head and having cool water from the radiator enter the engine directly over the intake valves as an extra measure of safety. The heat transfer from the exhaust ports was thus minimized, and the extra volume of the open alcoves that housed the valves also lowered the effective compression ratio of the engine. Detonation was thus eliminated, and the relative inefficiency of the engine design was offest by the dramatic reliability gains achieved and the generally lower speeds of travel and racing common to the era. This superior reliability made the design a favorite racing engine in the earliest days of auto racing, when engine reliability arguably mattered more than maximum performance. As other engine designs improved in reliability thanks to the intense engine development done in World War I, the T-head's inherent compromises in performance caused it to rapidly fall out of favor for racing applications.
Obsolescence.
The T-head was rendered obsolete in the passenger car market by a combination of engine advances made in World War I and the introduction of effective anti-knock compounds such as tetraethyllead in the early 1920s. When combined, these advances made flathead engines just as reliable as T-heads while also being more powerful, lighter, more fuel efficient, and cheaper to manufacture. 
The T-heads' incredible reliability did however keep them in service in heavy equipment, large trucks, and fire trucks until they were finally phased out of production in the 1950s.
Examples.
This engine type was found on cars like Mercedes and Stutz and the last T-head engine in production for personal cars was manufactured by an American company, Locomobile, around 1920. American LaFrance produced T-head engines for their fire engines until the 1950s, though they also built overhead-cam engines in the 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="19626752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626752" title="Ignite (event)">
Ignite (event)

Ignite is the name for a particular type of event that is held throughout the world—organized by volunteers—at which participants speak about their ideas and personal or professional passions according to a specific format. The event holds the motto, “Enlighten us, but make it quick!”The presentations are meant to "ignite" the audience on a subject, whereby awareness, thought, and action are generated on the subjects presented. Anyone can throw an Ignite event. The presentations are meant to "ignite" the audience on a subject, whereby awareness, thought, and action are generated on the subjects presented. The largest Ignite event to date is Ignite Boulder 11, which attracted 1,350 attendees on June 24, 2010.
Format.
Each speaker is allocated five minutes of presentation time and is accompanied by 20 presentation slides. During presentations, each slide is displayed for 15 seconds and then automatically advanced. The Ignite format is similar to Pecha Kucha, which features 20 slides that are each displayed for 20 seconds.
History.
The first Ignite was held in 2006 in Seattle, Washington, United States (US), and was the brainchild of Brady Forrest and Bre Pettis. It was sponsored by O'Reilly Media and "MAKE" magazine.. The “brain child” of Brady Forrest and Bre Pettis, the first Ignite event was held in Seattle Washington in 2006. Ignite has two main sponsors, O’reilly Media and Make Magazine. O’Reilly Media, is an American media company established by Tim O'Reilly that publishes books and Web sites and produces conferences on computer technology topics. Their distinctive brand features a woodcut of an animal on many of their book covers. Furthermore, Ignite has held over 50 events since its creation in 2006, many of which supported by the loyal O’Reilly Media. In fact, O’Reilly held an Ignite event at a company Open Source Convention in 2009.
Since inception, more than 50 Ignite events have been held worldwide. O'Reilly Media has continued to support Ignite—one occurred during the company's 2009 O'Reilly Open Source Convention—but each Ignite is independently organized at the local level. Ignite events are often free to attend and may be supported financially by sponsorship.
Event Planning.
Plan it.
Planning an Ignite event starts with gathering a team, securing a location, and picking a date. There are numerous jobs that must be fulfilled – Venue Liason, Ignite Talk Coordinator, Ignite Talk MC, Ignite Contest Coordinator, Ignite Contest MC, Videographer, and Onsite Helper are more important positions.
Secure Venue.
To hold an Ignite event, the venue must meet these requirements – has a bar, has a stage with lighting and sound, will work acoustically to accommodate a large crowd as well as sound equipment, and is a reasonable size. Event planners recommend planning the convention for a Thursday, Wednesday, or a Tuesday (in this order).
Promote it.
Ignite will provide instructions to start your Ignite blog and a Ignite-In-a-box containing logo and templates for signage
In addition to posting an Ignite Blog, promoting the event on personal blogs, and other local blogs is recommended to increase event awareness. Typically, half the speakers will be recruited and the other half will be through submissions. Aim to create a program with a balance of genders, topics, and serious vs fun presentations.
MAKE contest.
Most Ignite events start with a Make contest-a fun project for attendees to participate and intermix.
Produce it.
When selecting speakers do both open calls and invitations, strong speakers are necessary. Based on the size of the venue, there should generally be between 8-16 talks. Prepare to run PowerPoint presentations. Do a thorough walk through of your Venue – hand signs, sound checks, machinery, etc.
Broadcast it.
Naming Conventions for Igniteshow.com requires:

</doc>
<doc id="19626758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626758" title="Daniel Davies (musician)">
Daniel Davies (musician)

Daniel Davies, son of Dave Davies of The Kinks, is an English-American singer, guitarist and songwriter. He is best known for his work in the rock band Year Long Disaster as front man and lead guitarist. He also collaborated with the stoner rock band Karma to Burn as an occasional guitarist and vocalist. Davies continues to work as a solo artist and released his first EP, "Hidden Faces" in October 2011.
Career.
With Year Long Disaster.
In 2004, Davies formed Year Long Disaster with bassist Rich Mullins and drummer Brad Hargreaves. In 2005, the trio recorded their first EP with Mark Needham, producer for The Killers, and began touring nationwide. In 2007, they signed a recording contract with Volcom Entertainment and released their self-titled debut album later that year. They toured internationally for two years, then begun working on their second album, "Black Magic; All Mysteries Revealed" with award-winning producer Nick Raskulinecz. The album was released in March 2010.
Year Long Disaster has toured North America and Europe with Foo Fighters, Motörhead, The Cult, Velvet Revolver, Turbonegro, CKY, The Sword...
With Karma To Burn.
In 2010, Davies joined Instrumental band Karma To Burn as an occasional guitarist and singer. He provided vocals on "Waiting on the Western World" on "Appalachian Incantation" in 2010 and "The Cynics", "Jimmy D" and "Never Say Die" on "V" in 2011.
Solo artist.
Early 2011, Davies started working on his solo project. He teamed up with drummer Jess Margera (from CKY and The Company Band) and bassist Brad Davis (from Fu Manchu) to record his first EP "Hidden Faces". The five-song-EP was released digitally in October 2011.
CKY.
Daniel toured with CKY during their scheduled Soundwave dates in Australia after Deron Miller left the band. A decision he announced via Facebook. In an interview, the band stated that they would continue making music under the CKY name with Daniel as vocalist and guitarist, but these plans have possibly been scrapped, due to Deron's return in 2013.
Discography.
Year Long Disaster
Karma to Burn
Solo

</doc>
<doc id="19626783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626783" title="Kristian Mauritz Mustad">
Kristian Mauritz Mustad

Kristian Mauritz Mustad (1848–1913) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1883, representing the constituency of Kristians Amt. He was re-elected in 1886, 1889 and 1892.
He worked as an attorney. His son Sigbjørn Mustad followed in his footsteps, both as a jurist and as a member of Parliament. Kristian Mauritz Mustad was the son of Ole Hovelsen Mustad and brother of Hans Mustad, and grandson of Hans Hansen Schikkelstad.

</doc>
<doc id="19626789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626789" title="Tropical Storm Julio (2002)">
Tropical Storm Julio (2002)

Tropical Storm Julio in 2002 was a weak and short-lived tropical storm that made landfall along the southern Mexican coast. An area of convection organized into a tropical depression on September 25. Initially forecast to stay offshore, the depression headed northward and strengthened into a tropical storm that same day. Julio turned to the northwest and peaked as a minimal tropical storm just before landfall near Lázaro Cárdenas, on September 26. The storm soon weakened into a tropical depression and later on September 26, it rapidly dissipated over Mexico.
Prior to making landfall, tropical cyclone warnings and watches were issued for a portion of the Pacific coast of Mexico. After making landfall, three fatalities and 18 injuries were reported from Julio when a bus flipped over. Around 100 houses in Acapulco and Zihuatanejo were damaged or washed away by flash flooding. In the latter city, many trees were brought down and numerous streets were flooded. The highest rainfall reported was at Zihuatanejo and La Unión, resulting in devastation. In all, about 2,000 homes were flooded while 100 families were evacuated. About a month after Julio, Hurricane Kenna affected some of the same locations as Julio.
Meteorological history.
The origins of Tropical Storm Julio were from a persistent monsoon-like area of convection (possibly related to Hurricane Isidore) that was situated off the west coast of Central America on September 21. Convective activity generally increased over the next two days, and it is estimated that a poorly defined surface circulation developed late on September 23. The low gradually became better organized and at 0000 UTC on September 25, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) reported that the disturbance had developed into Tropical Depression Thirteen-E about southwest of Acapulco.
Initially, the storm was expected to pass very close to the Mexican coast and attain a peak intensity of . Shortly thereafter, the NHC upgraded the depression into Tropical Storm Julio based on intensity estimates from the Dvorak technique. By this time, Julio was now expected to move onshore the Mexican coast and meander. At 0000 UTC on September 26, Tropical Storm Julio attained its peak intensity of while also reaching its minimum barometric pressure of . At peak, the storm was centered just west-northwest of Lázaro Cárdenas. After turning northwest, Julio made landfall along the coast of Southwestern Mexico. After landfall, Julio rapidly deteriorated over the mountainous terrain. At 1200 UTC September 26, the storm was downgraded into a tropical depression. Even though the storm was initially expected to enter the extreme southern Gulf of California and regain tropical storm strength, Julio dissipated near Manzanillo later that day instead.
Preparations, impact, and aftermath.
Upon becoming a tropical cyclone, tropical cyclone warnings and watches were issued for portions of the Pacific coast of Mexico; a tropical storm warning was issued from Zihuatanejo to Punta San Telma while a tropical storm watch was in effect from Punta San Telma to Manzanillo. On September 26, once the storm had weakened into a depression over land, all the watches and warnings were dropped. While making landfall, Zihuatanejo reported winds, with gusts up to at 2042 UTC September 25. In addition, a peak pressure of was reported. The highest rainfall reported was at Zihuatanejo and La Unión, Guerrero. Record rainfall was reported in Guerrero.
Tropical Storm Julio was responsible for heavy rains to Zihuatanejo, where 100 homes were damaged or destroyed. Across the city, numerous roofs were damaged and many trees fell. Many houses and streets were flooded as well. Meanwhile, in Acapulco, heavy rains triggered flash flooding that damaged another 100 houses. Throughout Colima, many rivers overflowed its banks. Furthermore, 2,000 homes were flooded. Roughly 100 families were evacuated to shelters in Michoacán.
In addition, many small shacks lost their roof due to the storm's high winds. On the outskirts of the Taxco, situated inland, a school bus carrying 40 kids flipped over, killing three and injuring 18 others. An estimated 2700 acres (700 ha) of crops were lost because of the storm. Parts of Guerrero were later declared a disaster area. However, the city of Zihuaranejo was quickly cleaned up proceeding the storm. About a month after Julio, Hurricane Kenna affected some of the same locations that Julio impacted.

</doc>
<doc id="19626811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626811" title="Hurricane Norman (1978)">
Hurricane Norman (1978)

Hurricane Norman was the most recent tropical system to make landfall in California. The 14th named storm, 11th hurricane and 6th major hurricane of the 1978 Pacific hurricane season, Norman evolved from a tropical disturbance noted southeast of Acapulco on the afternoon of August 29. The system moved westward and developed into a tropical depression on August 30. Modest strengthening ensued, and the cyclone became a tropical storm that evening and a hurricane on the evening of August 31 as it turned to the west-northwest. Late on the night of September 1, Norman became a major hurricane with a 40-mile wide eye, and a nearby ship reported seas of . The center grazed the northeast side of Socorro Island on the afternoon of September 2. Moving over cooler waters west of Baja California, the cyclone slowly weakened. By early on September 4, moisture from the hurricane spread north into California initiating rains in the Golden State. A developing trough to its west caused the initial influx of moisture and Norman's turn to the north as a weakening tropical storm. Eventually turning north-northeast towards southern California, the cyclone did eventually turn north-northeast towards southern California, and the cyclone weakened to a tropical depression as it passed the 30th parallel. Hurricane Norman made landfall in California on September 5, as a minimal tropical depression. The tropical cyclone became a remnant low shortly after California landfall, and the final advisory was issued at 00:00 GMT, on September 6. Over of rain occurred in the Sierra Nevada range. Rare snowfall was also reported.
Meteorological history.
This system evolved from a tropical disturbance noted 400 miles southeast of Acapulco on the afternoon of August
29th. The system moved westward and developed into a tropical depression on the 30th. Modest strengthening
ensued, and the cyclone became a tropical storm that evening and a hurricane on the evening of the 31st as it turned to the west-northwest.
Late on the night of the 1st Norman became a major hurricane with a 40-mile wide eye, and a
nearby ship reported seas of 41 feet. The center grazed the northeast side of Socorro Island on the afternoon of the 2nd.
Moving over cooler waters west of Baja California, the cyclone slowly weakened.
By early on September 4 moisture from the hurricane spread north into California initiating rains in the Golden State. A developing trough to its west caused the initial influx of moisture and Norman's turn to the north as a weakening tropical storm. Eventually turning north-northeast towards southern California, the cyclone did eventually turn north-northeast towards southern California, and the cyclone weakened to a tropical depression as it passed the 30th parallel. Hurricane Norman made landfall in California on September 5, as a minimal tropical depression. The tropical cyclone became a remnant low shortly after California landfall, and the final advisory was issued at 00:00 GMT, on September 6.
Preparations and impact.
A flash flood watch was issued for the mountainous terrain and the desert region from Kern County to the California-Mexico border by the National Weather Service. 
Several inches of rain was produced, with over of rain occurred in the Sierra Nevada range at Lodgepole in Sequoia National Park. Rainfall was most intense on September 5 and September 6 with amounts exceeding in the mountains of southern California. In addition, Norman produced waves up to high. The extratropical remains of Hurricane Norman also moved into Nevada produced very significant amounts of rainfall in the extreme central to northern portion of the state. Power lines were knocked down, and caused a brief power failure from Santa Barbara to San Diego, reported by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, the Southern California Edison and the San Diego Gas and Electric. The high winds tossed about ships in local harbors and damaging agricultural crops in Southern California, such as raisin crops, and damage to raisins were extensive throughout Kern, Tulare, and Stanislaus Counties. The rainfall also damaged grapes and other varieties of grapes. Over 1,500 people had to be rescued due to high waves. A 25-foot, $15,000 cruiser was smashed and destroyed when a surf 150 foot from ashore came at Dana Point. Rare late summer snow was also reported in some areas of the Sierra (especially Mt. Whitney), and the blizzard killed at least four people, and at least seventeen others were missing. It dumped at least of snow to many hiking areas. The snow also produced surging tides at the Los Angeles Harbor, and swept a 10,000-ton tanker from its moorings. Many search and rescue teams in Inyo County went on a search, and many hikers had to be rescued. At least three hikers that were reported missing in the Italy Lake area had to be rescued. The tropical cyclone had managed to cause $300 million (1978 USD) in damages.

</doc>
<doc id="19626816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626816" title="Hurricane Bridget (1971)">
Hurricane Bridget (1971)

Hurricane Bridget was one of the worst hurricanes to strike the Mexican city of Acapulco. It formed on June 14 as a tropical depression, which is a minimal tropical cyclone with winds less than gale force. However, it was soon upgraded to a tropical storm, and Bridget steadily intensified to become a hurricane on June 15. After peaking at Category 2 intensity, it weakened to a tropical storm on June 17, then made landfall in Mexico. Hours later, however, it turned offshore as a tropical depression. Bridget dissipated on June 20 after leaving heavy damage and 17 deaths in the Acapulco area. 
Meteorological history.
The origins of the hurricane were from a tropical wave that exited the coast of Africa on June 3. Around four days later the system entered the Caribbean Sea, passing over the San Andres islands on June 12. The area of convection, or thunderstorms, spread across Central America. A surface circulation developed offshore El Salvador, and the system formed into a tropical depression on June 14. For much of the summer of 1971, a large pool of anomalously warm water temperatures extended from Central America to the Gulf of California off the Mexican coast, reaching 89.6 ºF (32 ºC). This allowed for steady intensification as it tracked through the Gulf of Tehuantepec.
Early on June 15, a ship reported winds of 40 mph (65 km/h) and seas, which prompted the Eastern Pacific Hurricane Center (EPHC) to upgrade the depression to Tropical Storm Bridget. The storm maintained a general northwest track toward the southwest Mexican coastline. It gradually intensified, and satellite images late on June 16 indicated that Bridget attained hurricane status about 55 mi (95 km) southwest of Puerto Ángel, Oaxaca. It quickly intensified as it neared the coast, reaching winds of 100 mph (155 km/h) just southwest of Acapulco coastline before weakening. Bridget paralleled the Mexican coastline just offshore before making landfall at 1200 UTC on June 17, about 100 mi (160 km) southeast of Manzanillo, Colima. The hurricane rapidly weakened over the mountainous terrain, emerging into the Pacific Ocean as a tropical depression after being over land for only a few hours. Bridget turned westward as a weak tropical cyclone, eventually dissipating on June 20 to the south of the Baja California peninsula.
Preparations and impact.
While passing to the southwest of Acapulco, Bridget produced heavy rainfall and strong wind gusts reaching 104 mph (167 km/h). The winds damaged or destroyed many roofs across Acapulco, signs, and windows. Strong winds also downed trees and power lines, which left most of Acapulco without electricity. Along the coast, the hurricane produced high tides and waves which flooded low-lying coastal areas with around of water. The high tides damaged coastal properties and destroyed 21 boats, including the flagship of the Admiral of the Mexican Navy. Debris-clogged drains caused drainage facilities to exceed their capacities following the heavy rainfall. Overall, the storm killed 17 people in the region, and caused five additional injuries. 
Damage in the area around Acapulco was estimated at around 500 million pesos ($40 million USD). This made it the worst hurricane to hit the city in at least 25 years. Where Bridget made its final landfall, no damage reports were available due to the sparse population of the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19626817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626817" title="Hurricane Tara (1961)">
Hurricane Tara (1961)

Hurricane Tara, also known as Cyclone Tara, was one of the deadliest Pacific hurricanes on record. The final tropical cyclone of the 1961 Pacific hurricane season, Tara formed on November 10 about 230 mi (365 km) off the coast of Mexico. It strengthened to reach maximum sustained winds of 85 mph (140 km/h) before making landfall in the Mexican state of Guerrero near Zihuatanejo. Hurricane Tara dissipated on November 12, bringing heavy rainfall and strong winds to locations inundated by 10 days of precipitation. Damage was light in the major port city of Acapulco, though further west along the coast, the effects of Tara were much worse. The city of Nuxco in Tecpán de Galeana municipality received the most damage and deaths from the hurricane. Throughout Mexico, at least 436 fatalities were reported, and damage exceeded $16 million (1961 USD, $115 million 2009 USD).
Meteorological history.
On November 9, a weak circulation remained nearly stationary off the coast of Acapulco, Mexico. It did not have significant convection, although it organized enough to be considered a tropical cyclone at 0000 UTC on November 10, about 230 mi (365 km) off the coast of Mexico. By the afternoon of the 10th, it was a tropical depression moving northeastward toward the coastline. Tara intensified, reaching hurricane status and its peak intensity of 85 mph (140 km/h) late on November 11. Early on November 12, Hurricane Tara made landfall near Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, between Acapulco and Manzanillo, near where Hurricane Iva moved ashore five months earlier. Continuing inland, it was last observed at 1200 UTC on November 12. At the time, it was known as Cyclone Tara, as the term "cyclone" was the more common equivalent for hurricane in the region.
Impact and aftermath.
Hurricane Tara caused severe damage in southern Guerrero where it moved ashore, wrecking at least 10 communities. Heavy rainfall from Tara exacerbated flooding in the area, which was caused by ten days of precipitation preceding the hurricane; the heavy rainfall contaminated drinking water. Strong waves killed a surfer in the Acapulco area. In the city, low-lying areas were inundated with water, causing in excess of $1 million in damage (1961 USD). In nearby Tecpán de Galeana, the hurricane killed 116 people, and dozens more were killed in other close villages. Elsewhere in Guerrero, the coastal highway between Acapulco and Zihuatanejo received heavy damage, which later hampered relief efforts; the highway was a priority for storm repairs, with crews working continuously for several days to restore the vital link. Many deaths were reported in coastal towns of Guerrero, although exact death tolls were initially unknown, with many of the towns covered in mud. People received little warning of the hurricane, and many people died while sleeping. In addition, thousands were left homeless by the storm. According to radio reports, a hurricane-related waterspout wrecked the city of Nuxco, although the damage was later described as flooding from a lagoon; 225 deaths were reported in Nuxco. Food supplies were depleted in some coastal communities, forcing residents to rely on coconuts that were downed during the hurricane. Overall crop damage in Mexico was unofficially estimated at $16 million (1961 USD, $115 million 2009 USD).
By two days after the storm, the government of Mexico sent two airplanes to Acapulco, where the food, clothing, and medicine were distributed by truck, train, or helicopter to the affected areas. The Mexican government arranged plans to drop food and medical aid into isolated villages, although food supplies were initially insufficient for the great number of people affected by the storm. Five army units and three helicopters were sent to the region to assist in the aftermath, although planes encountered difficulties in landing due to flooded runways. Army soldiers were responsible for rescue operations, while paratroopers were sent to the most affected areas to distribute aid. Despite fears of the spread of disease in the aftermath, prompt work by medical officials prevented any epidemics due to the storm.
The exact death toll was unknown, but believed to be several hundred. About two days after the storm, the official death toll was more than 80. By three days after the storm, the toll rose to 190, and by four days after it made landfall, the official total was 290 deaths; officials estimated the toll could have exceeded 500. Due to downed communications, reports of storm fatalities were slow to spread, though news became more rapid as links were repaired. On November 19, a week after the storm struck, the Mexican Army set the final death toll at 436 deaths, with 300 missing; the was later reported by the United States Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance in 1993. Overall, Hurricane Tara was the deadliest disaster in 1961, as well as the third deadliest Mexico Pacific hurricane on record, after a hurricane in 1959 and Hurricane Liza in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19626821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626821" title="Hans Schikkelstad">
Hans Schikkelstad

Hans Hansen Schikkelstad (1789–1843) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1833, representing the constituency of Kristians Amt. He served only one term.
He originally worked as a farmer. In 1832 he had started the company "Brusveen Spiger og Ståltrådfabrikk" in Vardal. The factory produced wire and nails. In 1843 the company was taken over by his son-in-law Ole Mustad, who changed the name of the company to "O. Mustad", and gradually expanded into other fields. When his son Hans Mustad became co-owner in 1874, the name of the company was changed to O. Mustad & Søn.
Hans Schikkelstad was also a great-grandfather of Sigbjørn Mustad, and thus grandfather of Kristian Mauritz Mustad. Both these people became members of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19626924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626924" title="Damart">
Damart

Damart is a French company which specialises in clothing. Established in 1953 the brand became a household name in France and the UK. Although the brand specialises in a material called Thermolactyl, known for its insulation qualities, the label has expanded to include fashion items for the senior's market.
Damart Brand.
Damart is the most well known brand of a company, now called Damartex, which originated in France in 1953. It was founded by the Despature brothers and primarily manufactured thermal clothing using Thermolactyl fibre. Today the Damartex group employs around 4,000 people worldwide, with around 650 of these in the UK. In 1976, Damart went public being listed on the Paris Stock Exchange. In 2003 Damart celebrated its 50th anniversary, with 130 stores across Europe and an active customer base of 10 million.
In the UK.
In the UK, Damart has three offices. Two of these are located in West Yorkshire, one in Bingley (HQ), and one in Steeton (warehouse). There is also one located in Earby (mailings distribution centre). Earby shut in 2009 and all mailings are done from Steeton.
There are also two Damart shops: in Bingley and Southport.
The Southend shop closed in Summer 2011.
Coronation Street.
Many of Coronation Street's stars wear items from Damart's range when filming in order to keep out the cold conditions presented by the streets of Weatherfield. Damart also provides much of the wardrobe for some of the soap's actors including Maggie Jones (Blanche Hunt) and Anne Kirkbride (Deirdre Barlow).
Breast cancer awareness.
In 2002, Damart entered into partnership with the Breast Cancer Campaign and has since raised £82,000 for breast cancer awareness through sales of its limited edition pink vest. The Pink Vest campaign has seen a publicity contribution from a number of stars over the years, the most recent being Alison King, Coronation Street's Carla Connor.
Controversy.
In 2005 Damart caused a stir by sending a promotional offer to many of its elderly customers, disguised as a red final reminder letter. The letter was entitled 'Final reminder from Damart's financial director' and had 'Account Settlement' pasted across the page.
Worldwide.
Damartex headquarters is in France. The company also has a presence in the USA, Japan, Australia, Belgium and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19626942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626942" title="Barak Bakhar">
Barak Bakhar

Barak Bakhar (; born September 21, 1979) is an Israeli former football player and currently the manager of Ironi Kiryat Shmona.
Biography.
Bakhar's uncle was Rehavam Ze'evi.
Football career.
After going through the ranks of the youth system of Neve Yosef, Bakhar transferred to Liga Artzit side, Hakoah Ramat Gan. After four seasons in the second tier of Israeli football, he made the jump to Hapoel Petah Tikva.
In 2004, Bakhar joined Liga Leumit side, Ironi Kiryat Shmona. He established himself in the starting line up on the right side of their defense and helped them gain promotion to Israeli Premier League, the highest tier of Israeli football. During the 2007/08 season, Bakhar played all but one league match for Kiryat Shmona, due to yellow card accumulation.
In October 2008, Bakhar was called up by national team manager, Dror Kashtan for the FIFA World Cup qualification matches against Luxembourg and Latvia. His call up was canceled though, being that he never completed his service in the IDF, a requirement of all Jewish players in order to represent Israel on the national side, and Eyal Meshumar was called up in his place.
Bakhar cited that the IDF did not suit him as to why he did not complete his service. He told Israeli Yedioth Ahronoth, "they wanted to send me to a combat unit in the armor corps." He does not Additionally, Sport 5 pointed out that Bakhar was not match fit and was expected to undergo surgery soon. This in turn embarrassed the Israel Football Association that they had missed all these items before announcing the pool of players called in the for the qualification matches Bakhar has pledged to do sherut leumi or any other kind of national service in order to be called up for future matches.
Managerial career.
In October 3, 2012 he was appointed as the manager of Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona.

</doc>
<doc id="19626969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626969" title="Hydnangiaceae">
Hydnangiaceae

The Hydnangiaceae are a family of fungi in the Agaricales order of mushrooms. Widespread in temperate and tropical regions throughout the world, the family contains about 30 species in four genera. Species in the Hydnangiaceae form ectomycorrhizal relationships with various species of trees in both coniferous and deciduous forests.
Description.
They may have fruiting bodies with stems and caps (pileate-stipiate), or gasteroid (with internal spore production, like puffballs). When pileate, the cap is glabrous to scaly, sometimes striate, typically orange-brown or violet in color; the gills are widely spaced, thick, and waxy. In gasteroid forms, fruit body shape is irregular, with thin walls. Also, the peridium (the outer layer of the spore-bearing organ) is sometimes short-lasting (evanescent). Columella (the central, sterile part of the sporangium) may be absent or present, the hymenia are not gelatinized, and are formed in locules. Basidia are club-shaped (clavate), with two or four sterigmata, sometimes with accompanying cheilocystidia (cystidia on the edges of gills).
Taxa have a widespread distribution in both temperate and tropical zones.

</doc>
<doc id="19626983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626983" title="Sebastian MacLean">
Sebastian MacLean

Sebastian MacLean is a Canadian, born in Toronto, Ontario. He is best known for his appearance in, and producing/co-directing of, the documentary film "Facing Goliath", which both covers his natural bodybuilding career and his efforts to transform a visually impaired, middle aged, friend from couch potato to competitive bodybuilder. The film has been seen across Canada on CBC's Country Canada network and New Zealand's Sky TV network. 
As an actor he has been seen in a number of Canadian independent film productions. and has been both host and producer for a province wide, New Brunswick, television series, called "Body Quest". 

</doc>
<doc id="19626994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19626994" title="Ole Hovelsen Mustad">
Ole Hovelsen Mustad

Ole Hovelsen Mustad (1810–1884) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician. He was instrumental in shaping the company O. Mustad & Søn, and served one term in the Norwegian Parliament.
He was born in Vardal as the son of Kari Tollefsdatter Bjørnstad (1782–1858) and her second husband Haavel Eriksen Kaas (1784–1849).
In 1843 he took over the company "Brusveen Spiger- og Staaltraadfabrikk", founded by his father-in-law Hans Schikkelstad in 1832. It was located along the river Hunnselva in Vardal. Upon the takeover, Ole Mustad changed the name of the company to "O. Mustad". He gradually expanded from wire and nail production to running a foundry and a sawmill. In 1874 his son Hans Mustad became co-owner, and the company name was changed to O. Mustad & Søn. The nail production was moved to Kristiania in 1876; instead the factory at Vardal started specializing in fish hook production. The company eventually became the world's largest producer of fish hooks.
Like his father-in-law, Ole Hovelsen Mustad was involved in politics. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1854, representing the constituency of Kristians Amt. He only served one term. Ole Mustad was also the local police sergeant ("lensmann") in Vardal from 1834 to 1857.
He died in 1884, only years before the company started expanding abroad. The company was eventually passed on to the five sons of Hans Mustad, who had been co-owners since 1905. Another of Ole Mustad's sons, Kristian Mauritz Mustad (1848–1913), became involved in national politics and worked as a jurist; so did his son Sigbjørn Mustad (1897–1970).

</doc>
<doc id="19627035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627035" title="Hurricane Virgil (1992)">
Hurricane Virgil (1992)

Hurricane Virgil was a late season hurricane of the 1992 Pacific hurricane season that struck southwestern Mexico in October 1992. Forming from a tropical wave that left Africa on September 13, it slowly developed into a tropical depression. It soon strengthened into Tropical Storm Virgil, and rapidly intensified into a hurricane on October 2. Continuing to intensify, the hurricane attained major hurricane strength, and peaked as a Category 4 hurricane off the coast of Mexico. Shortly before landfall, it weakened to a Category 2 hurricane, and it dissipated on October 5. Damage was generally minimal, though one person was reported missing.
Meteorological history.
Virgil originated from a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on September 13, 1992, beginning a westward course through the Atlantic and Caribbean without much development, although there was an increase convection near the Lesser Antilles on the September 20. However, this was disorganized and suppressed by an upper-level trough during the wave's passage through the Caribbean Sea. The wave crossed over Panama on September 25, and convection began to increase when it reached the Eastern Pacific, although it was initially disorganized. The system later became better organized, and on October 1, the wave organized into a tropical depression. Shortly thereafter, it was upgraded to a tropical storm and was named "Virgil".
Upon becoming a tropical storm, the system was expect to move near the coast of Mexico, and forecasters noted that there was some potential for a landfall. The system became a little better organized and over warm water and low wind shear Virgil steadily intensified. Virgil was upgraded to a hurricane the next day; an eye formed an hour later. During the period of strengthening, Virgil turned more towards the north. Continued strengthening occurred, and it attained major hurricane status on September 2. At this time, the system was anticipated to make landfall in Mexico as a Category 4 hurricane. The storm had maximum winds of 130 mph (215 km/h), but shortly thereafter the storm began to weaken.
By 0900 UTC October 2, the eye started to become less defined. Based on this, the storm was downgraded into a category 3 hurricane. Although an eye was no longer visible on satellite imagery, the storms had displayed very deep convection, thus the NHC initially maintained the intensity at 120 mph (195 km/h). Virgil's eye continued to become less defined, and was downgraded to Category 2 intensity at the time of landfall on October 4. It rapidly weakened over land, and was a dissipating tropical depression by the time it moved offshore.
Preparations and Impact.
Prior to the arrival of the hurricane, several watches and warnings were issued. During the afternoon of October 2, a hurricane watch was first issued for areas west of Zinhuantatenjo. The next day, the watch was upgraded into a hurricane warning. Fifteen hours later the area east of Zinhuantatenjo, a tropical storm warning was issued. The watches were gradually dropped over the next few days, and by October 4. The NHC warned the possibility of mudslides and landslides and of rain in the high terrain of Mexico.
Due to the sparsely populated area it struck, only minor damage was reported. Heavy rain and flooding were reported, peaking at over 10 inches (25 cm) in one location. One person was reported missing in the state of Colima, and three people were injured in Guerrero. More than 1,000 homes were damaged in Guerrero, Michoacán, and Colima, as was 7,400 acres (30 km²) of farmland. A flood on the Atoyac River washed away 500 homes in Guerrero, which prompted the evacuation of 2,500 people. A passenger train north of Lázaro Cárdenas, Michoacán, was derailed when it encountered washed-out roadbeds. The storm also caused power outages.

</doc>
<doc id="19627061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627061" title="List of APOEL F.C. seasons">
List of APOEL F.C. seasons

APOEL F.C. () is a professional football club founded in 1926 and based in Nicosia, Cyprus. This list has details about APOEL's achievements in major Cypriot and European competitions.
APOEL won in total 22 Championships, 19 Cups and 13 Super Cups. Also, APOEL appeared 35 times in European competitions, achieving to qualify to UEFA Champions League group stages for the first time in their history the season 2009–10. They participated again in UEFA Champions League group stages the season 2011–12 and achieved qualification for the quarter-finals of the competition by topping the group and eliminating Olympique Lyonnais in the last 16, becoming the only Cypriot club to reach the UEFA Champions League quarter-finals. They also appeared in the group stages of the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League. APOEL is the only Cypriot club who have reached the group stages of both major UEFA competitions (UEFA Champions League & UEFA Europa League). 
Key.
Key to league record:
Key to divisions:
Key to rounds:
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19627064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627064" title="Mary Jane's Not a Virgin Anymore">
Mary Jane's Not a Virgin Anymore

"Mary Jane's Not a Virgin Anymore" is an independent film written, directed and produced by the self anointed "Queen of Underground Film", Sarah Jacobson. It's a film about a teenage girl named Mary Jane who is curious about sex and thinks that by having sex she will become "cool". It focuses on the female perspective of sex. In the film, musicians Jello Biafra, Zebediah Gammack, and Davey Havok were featured in cameo roles. Tamra Davis helped finance the film. It was shown at the Sundance Film Festival in 1997 and was sold out.

</doc>
<doc id="19627069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627069" title="Mikhael Jaimez-Ruiz">
Mikhael Jaimez-Ruiz

Mikhael Aimar Jaimez-Ruiz (born 12 July 1984) is a Venezuelan professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Conference South side Hayes and Yeading United.
He started his senior career at Olimpia Gherla in 2003, and had spells at CFR Cluj, FC Arieşul Turda and Barnet before joining Northwood in 2007. He made eleven appearances at Northwood, but soon moved to Aldershot Town in 2007. During his three-year spell at Aldershot, he made 49 league appearances, before returning to his native Venezuela, when he joined Yaracuyanos FC in 2010, where he made 9 league appearances. He rejoined Aldershot Town in February 2011, but did not make a single appearance, and, after a one-off game for Hemel Hempstead Town, he joined Conference South side Dover Athletic on a free transfer in August 2011. He made 38 league appearances for the club, before switching to AFC Wimbledon in August 2012. However, he made just two appearances for AFC Wimbledon, and left the club in June 2013.
Career.
Jaimez-Ruiz finished his education in Venezuela and moved to the United States. He played university soccer for Graceland University and St. Gregory's University. In 2004, Jamiez-Ruiz moved to Romania and played for Olimpia Gherla, CFR Cluj and Arieşul Turda.
Jamiez-Ruiz moved to England and signed for Barnet on non-contract terms in 2006. He never played for Barnet and joined Northwood in early 2007.
He then joined Aldershot Town on non-contract terms in April 2007 and was an unused substitute goalkeeper in the last two Conference National league games of that season. In July 2007, Jaimez-Ruiz signed a full contract at Aldershot. He made three league appearances near the end of a season. He also played in the Conference League Cup Final, when Aldershot beat Rushden & Diamonds. He saved a penalty in extra time and again in the penalty shootout. He signed a new contract with Aldershot Town in the summer of 2008 and he made his Football League debut in October 2008 at home against Bury. Jamiez-Ruiz signed another one-year contract with Aldershot in May 2009 and following the departure of Nikki Bull in the summer of 2009 he became the first choice goalkeeper. In November 2009, he was awarded the Aldershot Player of the Month award for October.
He was released at the end of the 2009–10 season and joined Venezuelan club Yaracuyanos FC. In February 2011, Jaimez-Ruiz returned to Aldershot Town, but was released at the end of the season without making an appearance. He made a one-off appearance for Hemel Hempstead Town in a 1–1 draw against Leamington.
Dover Athletic.
Jaimez-Ruiz signed for Conference South side Dover Athletic in August 2011. He was released at the end of the season.
AFC Wimbledon.
Jaimez-Ruiz signed for AFC Wimbledon in League Two on 8 August 2012. He made his first appearance for the Dons in the First Round of the Football League Trophy on 4 September 2012, in a 2–1 loss to Southend United. Jaimez-Ruiz made his league début for AFC Wimbledon on 8 September 2012 against Northampton Town. On 21 June 2013, it was confirmed that Jaimez-Ruiz had been released by AFC Wimbledon due to the club's new goalkeeping structure for next season.
Hayes & Yeading United.
On 17 August 2013, Jaimez-Ruiz signed for Conference South side Hayes & Yeading United, having played in a pre-season friendly for Phil Babb's side.

</doc>
<doc id="19627084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627084" title="Leptoglossus">
Leptoglossus

Leptoglossus is a genus of true bugs in the leaf-footed bug family. Several species are economic pests of agricultural crops. Like members of some other genera in the family, these bugs have leaflike dilations of the hind tibia. Several species are of economic importance and one, "L. chilensis" has been reported to bite humans.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="19627120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627120" title="Ofer Lellouche">
Ofer Lellouche

Ofer Lellouche (, born 1947) is an Israeli painter, sculptor, etcher and video artist 
Biography.
Lellouche was born in Tunisia in 1947. He studied mathematics and physics in Paris at Saint Louis College. In 1966, two months before he was scheduled to graduate, he ran away to Kibbutz Yehiam in Israel. In 1968, during his service in the Israel Defense Forces, he contracted hepatitis and began to paint while recovering. He began his formal art training at the Avni Institute of Art and Design in Tel Aviv under the abstract lyrical painter Yehezkiel Streichman. 
He returned to Paris to study with the sculptor César Baldaccini (1921-1998) and earn a master's degree in literature with a thesis on Stéphane Mallarmé. In the late 1970s, he worked in video art and painted self-portraits. During the coming years, he drew and etched self-portraits, often in violent industrial colors. 
In 1979, he produced several videos related to the subject of the mirror. In the early 1980s, he began painting landscapes in addition to self-portraits. His 1987 painting "Figure in a Landscape" was exhibited at the 19th São Paulo Art Biennial.
In the early 1990s, Lellouche produced more than 600 etchings, illustrated Stéphane Mallarmé's poem, "Un coup de des jamais n'abolira le hasard", and published the books "Panim" (faces) and "Ein Karem". He also produced large-format paintings, which he called the "Atelier César" in homage to his former teacher. In 1991, he returned to Paris and visited the location of César's studio, where he found some clay models on their bases and decided to make a series of works that would remind him of what he had seen. Since the late 1990s, he has been engaged primarily in sculpture and etching.

</doc>
<doc id="19627137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627137" title="Vicuña Mackenna, Argentina">
Vicuña Mackenna, Argentina

Vicuña Mackenna is a town located in the Department Río Cuarto Córdoba, Argentina.
Location.
Vicuña Mackenna geographically belongs to the Pampas plains with topographical features of the pampas.The town is located south of the province of Cordoba, in the Department of Rio Cuarto some 300 km. of the city of Córdoba capital, in a crossing of the National Roads No. 7 and 35.
Economy.
It is one of the most dynamic economies in the area, among the main activities include agriculture, whose main crops are soybean, peanut and corn. It also highlights the dairy production and rural tourism. There are several industrial establishments in town that are dedicated especially to the processing of agricultural products and livestock.

</doc>
<doc id="19627146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627146" title="Omar Browning">
Omar Browning

Omar "Bud" Browning (October 5, 1911 – September 11, 1978) was an American basketball coach. In 1948, he became the United States' second Olympic men's basketball coach. Browning led the team to a final record of 8-0 en route to a gold medal in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. Browning became the winningest coach in AAU tournament history when his teams won championships in 1962 and 1963.
He performed as a player in the AAU from 1935 to 1943, but achieved his greatest fame as a coach for the Phillips 66ers, leading them to five consecutive AAU national titles from 1944 to 1948, and to two more titles in 1962 and 1963.
Browning first achieved name recognition in the AAU in 1935, when he helped lead the Southern Kansas Stage Lines win the national championship over the McPherson Oil Refiners, 45-26. He was selected for the AAU All-American (all-star) team. The following year, playing for the Santa Fe Trailways team of Kansas City, he again was named All-American helping to take Santa Fe to third place over the Hutchinson Western Transits, 35-33.
The following year, Browning was recruited by the Phillips 66ers, who after a lapse of several years, reconstituted a new team to compete in the 1937 AAU championship. Browning joined such players as Joe Fortenberry, Jack Ragland, Chuck Hyatt, and Tom Pickell. The next two years the team took second in the national tournament, losing to the Denver Safeway Stores both times in the title game. Finally, in 1940, Browning played on his second national championship team, as the Phillips 66ers took their first AAU title, beating their nemesis the Denver team, now known as the Nuggets, in the title game, 39-36. In 1941, he played on the Phillips 66ers third place team, and in 1942 on the second place team.
In 1943, Browning helped the Phillips 66ers win their second national AAU title. The following year, he was named player-coach for the 66ers, and went on to an even more famous career as a coach. After winning five consecutive titles as first player-coach and then coach of the Phillips 66ers, in 1948 he became the United States's second Olympic men's basketball coach. Browning led the team to a final record of 8-0 en route to a gold medal in the 1948 Olympics in London, England.
Browning retired from coaching after 1948, but came back and coached the Phillips 66ers for one year in 1954. The team was not a factor in the AAU tournament. Browning returned to coaching the Phillips 66ers in 1959. Browning also coached the Phillips 66ers in the National Alliance of Basketball Leagues, and led them to two more AAU championships, in 1962 and 1963.
In 1957 Browning was named to the Helms Amateur Basketball Hall of fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19627158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627158" title="Melville Davisson Post">
Melville Davisson Post

Melville Davisson Post (April 19, 1869–June 23, 1930) was an American author, born in Harrison County, West Virginia. His family settled in the Clarksburg, West Virginia area in the late 18th Century. He earned a law degree from West Virginia University in 1892, and was married in 1903 to Ann Bloomfield Gamble Schofield. Their one child died while an infant, and Mrs. Post died of pneumonia in 1919 which was very common during that period. He was an avid horseman, and died on June 23, 1930, after a fall from his horse, and was buried in Harrison County. His boyhood home, "Templemoor", was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Although Post's name is not immediately familiar to those outside specialist circles, many of his collections are still in print and many collections of detective fiction include works by him. Post's best-known character is the mystery-solving, justice dispensing West Virginian backwoodsman, Uncle Abner. The 22 Uncle Abner tales, written between 1911 and 1928, have been called some of "the finest mysteries ever written."
Post also created two other recurring characters, Sir Henry Marquis and Randolph Mason. He also wrote two non-crime novels. His total output was approximately 230 titles.
Uncle Abner.
Uncle Abner is Post's best-known literary creation, the character having appeared in 22 stories that were serialized in American newspapers (primarily "The Saturday Evening Post") between 1911 and 1928. The first tale, "The Angel of the Lord", is perhaps the very first work in the historical mystery genre. Uncle Abner solved the mysteries that confronted him in a backwoods West Virginia community, immediately prior to the American Civil War and before the infant nation had any proper police system. He had two great attributes for his self-imposed task: a profound knowledge of and love for the Bible, and a keen observation of human actions. One example of Uncle Abner's keen deductive skills is his showing a deaf man had not written a document, because a word in it was phonetically mis-spelt.
Ellery Queen would later call the stories "an out-of-this-world target for future detective-story writers." In his 1924 book of literary criticism "Cargoes for Crusoes", Grant Overton called the publication of Post's "The Doomdorf Mystery" a "major literary event", and in "Murder for Pleasure" (1941), Howard Haycraft called Uncle Abner "the greatest American contribution" to the list of fictional detectives after Edgar Allan Poe's C. Auguste Dupin.

</doc>
<doc id="19627168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627168" title="Little Bit of Everything">
Little Bit of Everything

Little Bit of Everything is the third studio album of American country music singer Billy Currington. It was released on October 14, 2008 on Mercury Nashville. Its lead-off single, "Don't", has become his sixth Top Ten hit on the "Billboard" country charts. Before that song, Currington released a song in late 2007 called "Tangled Up", which peaked at #30 and was not included on an album. "People Are Crazy" was released as the second single in March 2009 and became Currington's third Number One single in August 2009. The album's third single, "That's How Country Boys Roll," was released in September 2009 and became his fourth Number One single in March 2010. It had sold 500,000 copies as of October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19627180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627180" title="Cliff Lee (outfielder)">
Cliff Lee (outfielder)

Clifford Walker Lee (August 4, 1896 – August 25, 1980) was a professional baseball player. He played all or part of eight seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1919 1926, for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Phillies, Cleveland Indians, and Cincinnati Reds. While he was primarily an outfielder, he also played quite a few games as a first baseman and catcher.

</doc>
<doc id="19627200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627200" title="Sam Peak">
Sam Peak

Sam Peak is a mountain in the eastern part of Mitkof Island, one of the islands in the Alexander Archipelago in Alaska. It is to the west of Favor Peak and southeast of Manzanita Peak.

</doc>
<doc id="19627240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627240" title="Wolverhampton City Primary Care Trust">
Wolverhampton City Primary Care Trust

Wolverhampton City Primary Care Trust was a Primary Care Trust responsible for providing basic medical and dental services in Wolverhampton, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19627248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627248" title="Requiem for a Tribe Brother (Williamson)">
Requiem for a Tribe Brother (Williamson)

Requiem for a Tribe Brother is a choral work by Australian-born composer Malcolm Williamson (b. 1931, Sydney - d.2003, Cambridge), who was Master of the Queen's Music from 1975 to 2003.
Structure.
Lasting approximately half-an-hour, the Requiem for a Tribe Brother is one of Williamson's largest unaccompanied choral works, standing alongside the Symphony for Voices of 1962 and the Mass of Saint Etheldreda of 1990 in duration. Williamson divides up the extensive text of the traditional Requiem Mass into ten movements, as follows:
A brooding chant-like refrain for male-voices, simulating the drone of a didgeridoo, alternates with homophonic passages for full choir.
A tender 3-minute chorale with a harmonic palette which is neither diatonic nor chromatic. This is typical of Williamson, as is consistent throughout the "Requiem".
Much in the manner of the opening "Requiem aeternam", passages for soloists are contrasted with densely harmonised sections for the full choir. At nearly 5 minutes, this is the largest and most varied movement of the work. 
Highly operatic solos for tenor and alto are pitted against a richly coloured chordal backdrop for full choir.
After a grand and imposing statement of "Sanctus ... etc.", there is a lively dance-like coda in 5/8 metre on the word "Hosanna".
A mysterious introduction is followed by a reprise of the "Hosannas" from the previous movement.
In common with the second movement, the "Agnus Dei" is a slow chorale, featuring a highly pungent harmonic language and many unusual shifts of key.
This movement features two soprano soli which float above the rest of the choir throughout.
A fast and fiery dance primarily for tenors, built on an ostinato figure in the basses. Towards the end of the movement, there is a brief reprise of material from the opening "Requiem aeternam".
The serene concluding movement, in C major, derives its melody from the opening of the "Song of Hope" from Williamson's choral-symphony for Kath Walker, The Dawn Is At Hand (1987–89).

</doc>
<doc id="19627250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627250" title="Fred Nicholson">
Fred Nicholson

Fred Nicholson (September 1, 1894 in Honey Grove, Texas – January 23, 1972 in Kilgore, Texas), was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from -. He would play for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Boston Braves, and Detroit Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="19627280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627280" title="Tom Gruber">
Tom Gruber

Thomas Robert (Tom) Gruber (born 1959) is an American computer scientist, inventor, and entrepreneur with a focus on systems for knowledge sharing and collective intelligence. He did foundational work in ontology engineering and is well known for his definition of ontologies in the context of Artificial Intelligence.
Biography.
Gruber studied psychology and computer science at the Loyola University New Orleans, where he received a double major B.S. in 1981 and graduated summa cum laude. He had designed and implemented a computer-assisted instruction (CAI) system for programmed-curriculum courses. It was the first of its kind at the university, and is used routinely by the Psychology department for introductory courses. In 1984 he received a M.S. in Computer and Information Science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. His Master's research had resulted in the design and implementation of an intelligent communication prosthesis assistant, a computer system which enables people with severe physical disabilities who cannot otherwise speak to communicate in natural language presented in displayed, written, or spoken form. Four years later in 1988 at the University of Massachusetts Amherst he received a Ph.D. in Computer and Information Science with the dissertation "The Acquisition of Strategic Knowledge". His dissertation research had addressed a critical problem for Artificial Intelligence—knowledge acquisition—with a computer assistant that acquires strategic knowledge from experts.
From 1988 to 1994 Gruber was a Research Associate at the Knowledge Systems Laboratory of the Computer Science Department at Stanford University. He worked on the How Things Work, SHADE, and Knowledge Sharing Technology projects. In 1994 he became Senior Project Leader, Enterprise Integration Technologies and proposed and designed several projects using the Internet to create shared, virtual environments for collaborative learning and work (for ARPA, NASA, NIST). Proposed a business plan for corporate training. In 1995 he founded and became Chief Technology Officer of Intraspect Software, an enterprise software company that pioneered the space of collaborative knowledge management. Intraspect applications help professional people collaborate in large distributed communities, continuously contributing to a collective body of knowledge. 
He has been a member of journal editorial boards of the "Knowledge Acquisition", "IEEE Expert" and "Internation Journal of Human-Computer Studies".
Work.
Gruber's research interests in the 1990s were in the field of developing intelligent networked software to support human collaboration and learning. Areas of specialty include: knowledge acquisition, knowledge representation, computer-supported collaborative work, computer-mediated communication for design, and knowledge sharing technology.
In 1994 he was responsible for the creation of hypermail, an email to web gateway software that saw extensive use after a rewrite by a different programmer.
In 2007 Gruber co-founded Siri Inc., which created the Siri intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator. Siri Inc. was acquired by Apple in 2010, and Siri is now an integral part of iOS 5.
Publications.
Gruber published several articles and some books. A selection:
Articles (a selection):

</doc>
<doc id="19627282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627282" title="Fascist and anti-Fascist violence in Italy (1919–26)">
Fascist and anti-Fascist violence in Italy (1919–26)

Italy witnessed significant widespread civil unrest and political strife in the aftermath of World War I and the rise of the Fascist movement led by Benito Mussolini which opposed the rise of the international left, especially the far-left along with others who opposed Fascism. Fascists and communists fought on the streets during this period as the two factions competed to gain power in Italy. The already tense political environment in Italy escalated into major civil unrest when Fascists began attacking their rivals, beginning on April 15, 1919 with Fascists attacking the offices of the Italian Socialist Party's newspaper "Avanti!". 
Violence grew in 1921 with Italian army officers beginning to assist the Fascists with their violence against communists and socialists. With the Fascist movement growing, anti-fascists of various political allegiances (but generally of the international left) combined into the Arditi del Popolo (People's Militia) in 1921. The next act of violence was the assassination of Socialist deputy Giacomo Matteotti by Fascist militant Amerigo Dumini in 1924. This was followed by a Fascist takeover of the Italian government and multiple assassination attempts were made against Mussolini in 1926, with the last attempt on October 31, 1926. On November 9, 1926, the Fascist government initiated emergency powers which resulted in the arrest of multiple anti-Fascists including communist Antonio Gramsci. Afterwards serious opposition to the Fascist regime collapsed.

</doc>
<doc id="19627314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627314" title="Yizhar Hirschfeld">
Yizhar Hirschfeld

Yizhar Hirschfeld (1950 – 16 November 2006) was an Israeli archaeologist studying Greco-Roman and Byzantine archaeology. He was an associate professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and director of excavations at a number of sites around Israel, including Ramat Hanadiv, Tiberias, and Khirbet ed-Deir. He also published a book on the archaeology of Qumran in which he proposed an assessment of the site that was contrary to prevailing views.
Professor Hirschfeld was born at Kibbutz Beth Keshet in Israel in 1950. He was already working on an excavation site in 1974 at Emmaus where he acted as excavation and survey director. From 1984 to 1987 he directed digs at Ramat HaNadiv. He received his doctorate at the Hebrew University Institute of Archaeology in 1987 and the following year he was awarded a Rothschild fellowship. He returned to Ramat Hanadiv in 1989, the year he also started work on excavations at Tiberias. In 1998 he was appointed as associate professor at the Hebrew University.
From 1996-2002 Hirschfeld directed excavations at a site on a terrace overlooking Ein Gedi, which consisted of a series of small dwellings. His analysis led him to conclude that "features of the site--its location above Ein Gedi, simplicity, and unique nature--conform to Pliny the Elder's (d. 79 A.D.) famous passage on the Essenes". His proposal on the site (compare Aharoni 1958 BIES) has found little acceptance among archaeologists.
The experience he gained working on Greco-Roman period rural settlements gave him the background to write his controversial book "Qumran In Context" (2004), in which he concluded on morphological grounds that Qumran was "a Judean manor house" (and thus not the home of Essenes).
Hirschfeld on the internet.
Articles from Liber annuus:

</doc>
<doc id="19627332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627332" title="Alejandro Estrada">
Alejandro Estrada

Alejandro Estrada is a primatologist and the author and editor of several books and articles about primates. He is a research scientist at the field research station Los Tuxtlas of Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico He is co-executive editor of Tropical Conservation Science. Books he has authored or edited include "New Perspectives in the Study of Mesoamerican Primates: Distribution, Ecology, Behavior, and Conservation (Developments in Primatology: Progress and Prospects"), "Frugivores and Seed Dispersal: Ecological and Evolutionary Aspects ", "Las Selvas Tropicales Humedas de Mexico: Recurso Poderoso pero Vulnerable " and "Comportamiento Animal: el Caso de los Primates."
Dr. Alejandro Estrada received his Ph.D. in Primatology from Rutgers University in 1978.
Research Lines.
Website for details: www.primatesmx.com [http://www.primatesmx.com/]
Selected publications.
Website for complete list: www.primatesmx.com [http://www.primatesmx.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="19627355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627355" title="Forrest S. Mozer">
Forrest S. Mozer

Forrest S. Mozer (February 13, 1929, Lincoln, Nebraska) is an American experimental physicist, inventor, and entrepreneur known best for his pioneering work on electric field measurements in space plasma and for development of solid state electronic speech synthesizers and speech recognizers.
Scientific Research.
Forrest Mozer received his B.S. in physics from University of Nebraska in 1951, and both his M.S. and Ph.D. in physics from California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in 1956. After graduation he worked as a nuclear researcher at Caltech, then continued his research at Lockheed Missiles and Space Co., at Aerospace Corporation, and at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique in Paris. Around 1963 his interest shifted to high energy particles in the aurora. In 1966 he joined the physics department of the University of California, Berkeley, where he became full professor in 1970. He has held appointments as Vice Chairman of the Physics Department and Associate Director of the Space Sciences Laboratory. His recent research continues 40 years of rocket and satellite measurements.
Mozer has more than 300 scientific publications, and he has received numerous honors and recognition for his scientific work:
Inventor and Entrepreneur.
Forrest Mozer invented and patented the first integrated circuit speech synthesizer in 1974. He first licensed this technology to TeleSensory Systems, which used it in the "Speech+" talking calculator for blind persons. Later National Semiconductor also licensed the technology, used for its "DigiTalker" speech synthesizer, the MM54104. 
In 1984, Mozer co-founded Electronic Speech Systems (now ESS Technologies) to develop and market speech synthesis systems based on Mozer's patents. His work in speech synthesis led to ideas of how to create a single-chip speech recognizer. In 1994, Mozer and his son Todd Mozer, founded Sensory Circuits, Inc. (now Sensory, Inc.), where they developed and introduced the RSC-164 speech recognition integrated circuit. Since its inception Sensory has supplied speech recognition to products that have sold more than 60 million units. 
Forrest Mozer has 17 issued US patents in the areas of speech synthesis and speech recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="19627358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627358" title="Wenche Jacobsen">
Wenche Jacobsen

Wenche Jacobsen is a Norwegian orienteering competitor. She received a bronze medal in the "individual" event at the 1978 World Orienteering Championships in Kongsberg, behind Anne Berit Eid and Liisa Veijalainen.
National championships.
Jacobsen became Norwegian champion (individual event) in 1977, and was awarded the "King's Cup". 

</doc>
<doc id="19627374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627374" title="Critics Circle">
Critics Circle

Critics Circle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19627385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627385" title="Manzanita Peak">
Manzanita Peak

Manzanita Peak is a mountain in the eastern part of Mitkof Island, one of the islands in the Alexander Archipelago in Alaska. It is to the west of Favor Peak and northwest of Sam Peak.

</doc>
<doc id="19627440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627440" title="Hiawatha (A Summer Idyl)">
Hiawatha (A Summer Idyl)

"Hiawatha (A Summer Idyl)" is a popular song written by Neil Moret (Charles N. Daniels) in 1901. James O'Dea added lyrics in 1903 and the music was re-subtitled "(His Song to Minnehaha)".
"Hiawatha" was extremely popular when released, and sold half a million copies. It has been recorded numerous times and started a decade long fad for "Indian" songs.
"Hiawatha" was named for Hiawatha, Kansas, not for Longfellow's poem.
Lyrics.
The lyrics as written by O'Dea:

</doc>
<doc id="19627444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627444" title="Cracked (TV series)">
Cracked (TV series)

Cracked is a Scottish comedy drama, which was broadcast on STV. Created and written by Clare Hemphill and Kate Donnelly, the drama series is set in a Scottish countryside residential rehab clinic, a place where people with various mental and emotional problems check themselves in for some professional tender loving care. Over six episodes, the series deals with issues that are difficult and dark, but also more light hearted and comical situations.
"Cracked" was produced by STV Productions in 2005, but due to the lack of appropriate regional time-slots, the series wasn't broadcast until 2008, where it was shown on Thursday nights at 10:40pm, taking the place of popular comedy-drama "High Times".

</doc>
<doc id="19627485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627485" title="Glossary of clinical research">
Glossary of clinical research

A glossary of terms used in clinical research.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19627491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627491" title="Todd David Lawhorne">
Todd David Lawhorne

Todd David Lawhorne is an American theatre and film actor. Member of AFTRA and AEA. Best known for his starring role as Dalton Monroe in "In Plain Sight" and his supporting role as Phil the skinhead in "The Bros," starring Shaquille O'Neal and Joey Fatone. In New York City, he starred in numerous plays off and off-off Broadway, including "Twelfth Night" at Lincoln Center and Laertes in Pineapple Project's production of "Hamlet." Resident actor of the Children's Theatre at the New York Hall of Science.

</doc>
<doc id="19627499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627499" title="Festival Thyme">
Festival Thyme

Festival Thyme is an EP precursor to the full-length album "The Century of Self" by the American art-rock band ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead. It was released through Richter Scale Records imprint, via Justice Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19627506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627506" title="Terminal Identifier – Address Resolution Protocol">
Terminal Identifier – Address Resolution Protocol

Terminal Identifier – Address Resolution Protocol (TARP) is a protocol defined in Telcordia Technologies (formerly Bellcore) Generic Requirements document GR-253-CORE for SONET and used in OSS to resolve a TL1 TID to a CLNP address (NSAP) of a Network Element (NE). The protocol is used in a number of network devices. Steven R. Kim originally developed the protocol while working for Fujitsu Network Systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19627518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627518" title="Nyko Kama">
Nyko Kama

The Nyko Kama is a third-party Nunchuk accessory created for the Wii video game console by Nyko, available in wireless or wired versions. In contrast to Nintendo's device, the controller takes its name from the traditional Japanese kama; a stealthy, curved weapon. Like the original Nunchuk, the Kama features an analog control stick, and "Z" and "C" buttons. With the use of 2 AAA batteries and an adapter dongle that plugs into the Wii Remote's expansion port, the wireless Kama is able to connect wirelessly. The wired version instead features a rumble motor, which allows it to offer force feedback when used with Nyko's Wand Wii Remote alternative.
History.
When first announced in late 2007, the Kama was simply dubbed the "Wireless Nunchuck". It was given its final name shortly before its release, upon which IGN observed that Nyko had "molded the Kama body very much along the lines of the Nunchuck's curves and ergonomics, and at first grasp the two feel nearly identical." Likewise, CNET said that "the only real difference between the Kama and original are the C and Z trigger buttons, which have gotten a nice transparent makeover. The joystick, however, is nearly identical."
In mid-2008, Nyko were sued by Nintendo over the controller, who asserted that the Kama "wholly appropriatethe novel shape, design, overall appearance and even the color and materials used in the Nintendo Nunchuk controller." A spokesman for Nyko said at the time that they "[had not knowingly violated anyone's intellectual property". The case was ultimately settled, with Nyko pledging to continue selling a redesigned version of the Kama. No further terms of the settlement were disclosed, but Gizmodo speculated Nyko had paid a "sizable" amount to Nintendo.
According to a Nyko spokesman, the redesign of the Kama entailed a wider shape, curved Z button, a grooved handle, rubber battery cover and a new color scheme. Alongside the redesigned wireless Kama, Nyko unveiled a wired version which added a rumble motor, a feature not included in previous Nunchuks, first-party or otherwise. This requires the use of Nyko's Wand controllers, due to its reliance on their proprietary "Trans-Port Technology". 

</doc>
<doc id="19627521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627521" title="Charles Mitchell Thomas">
Charles Mitchell Thomas

Charles Mitchell Thomas (October 1, 1846–July 3, 1908) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy who served for 47 years. He was briefly the Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Atlantic Fleet while it was in port at San Francisco on the tour of the Great White Fleet. He was born in Philadelphia and graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1865. He married Ruth Simpson, daughter of Admiral Edward Simpson, on November 3, 1874.
In mid-1877, unrest over economic conditions and the disputed 1876 Presidential election, led to a series of railroad strikes and riots known as the Great Railroad Strike of 1877. In July, President Rutherford B. Hayes authorized the use of the military to put down the strikes. During the conflict, Thomas was given temporary command of the receiving ship USS "St. Louis" stationed at League Island near Philadelphia. He provided sailors to the USS "Glance" and USS "Pilgrim" which were used in the defense of the Frankford Arsenal in northeast Philadelphia.
As a lieutenant commander he commanded the USC&GS "Carlile P. Patterson" from 1887 to 1889 for the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, mapping out portions of the Alaska coast and naming prominent features in the south-east of the state. Thomas Bay, which he surveyed, was named in his honor.
During the sailing of the Great White Fleet, Thomas was second-in-command behind Admiral Evans. Shortly after the launch of the first leg, Evans fell ill and Thomas served in his stead at diplomatic functions during the cruise. Beginning in February 1908, Thomas was officially made acting-Commander-in-Chief when Evans was transported to San Francisco for treatment. On May 9, 1908 Evans was formally replaced by Thomas as Commander-in-Chief. Five days later, Thomas retired from active duty and command was transferred to Admiral Charles S. Sperry for the second leg of the voyage.

</doc>
<doc id="19627537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627537" title="Maria Antonia Koháry de Csábrág">
Maria Antonia Koháry de Csábrág

Princess Mária Antónia Koháry de Csábrág et Szitnya (2 July 1797 – 25 September 1862) was a Hungarian noblewoman and the ancestress of several European monarchs. She was the heiress of the Koháry family and one of the three largest landowners in Hungary.
Life.
She was born in Buda, the only daughter of Franz Josef, Count Koháry and his wife, Countess Maria Antoinetta Josefa von Waldstein-Wartenburg. Her brother Anton died in 1795, at the age of two, leaving Antónia the sole heir to the vast fortune of House Koháry. 
She inherited over hectares of land in Lower Austria, Hungary and Slovakia, including estates, forests, mines and factories. According to a list of assets appended to the marriage contract of her son, Prince August, at the time of his marriage to Princess Clémentine of Orléans in 1843, the Koháry properties included the enormous "Palais" Koháry in the center of Vienna and several Viennese manors, a summer home and lands at Ebenthal, Lower Austria, estates in Austria at Velm, Durnkrut, Walterskirchen, Bohmischdrut and Althoflein, as well as a dozen manors in Hungary, the domaine of Kiralytia, and a mansion at Pest. As late as 1868, when Antónia's grandson Prince Ferdinand, Duke of Alencon, married, it was estimated that he and his three siblings stood to inherit a total of a million francs just from their share of their late grandmother's estate. Until the first world war, her descendants, the Saxe-Coburg-Gotha-Koháry line of the House of Wettin, were among the three largest landowners in Hungary.
On 30 November 1815, in Vienna, she married Prince Ferdinand of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. He was an elder brother of Prince Leopold, future King of the Belgians but then consort to Princess Charlotte of Wales, who was expected to inherit the crown of Great Britain, and also elder brother of the Duchess of Kent, mother of the future Queen Victoria. To make her a suitable bride for a prince, the emperor had raised her father (whose ancestors had been created counts in the Hungarian nobility in July 1685 and barons in February 1616) to "Prince" Koháry of Csábrág and Szitnya in Austria's nobility on 15 November 1815, two weeks before the wedding, thereby allowing her to come to her bridesgroom already a princess.
She died in Vienna in 1862, and was buried in the ducal mausoleum on the Glockenberg cemetery in Coburg.
Marriage and issue.
She and her husband became the parents of four children: 
The couple were also ancestors of Pedro V of Portugal, Charles I of Austria, Otto von Habsburg, Michael I of Romania, Peter II of Yugoslavia, Ferdinand I of Bulgaria, Boris III of Bulgaria, Simeon II of Bulgaria, Henri, Count of Paris, Pedro de Alcântara, Prince of Grão-Pará, and members of the Imperial House of Brazil alive today.

</doc>
<doc id="19627541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627541" title="2006 Kremlin Cup">
2006 Kremlin Cup

The 2006 Kremlin Cup was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 17th edition of the Kremlin Cup, and was part of the International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 2006 WTA Tour. It took place at the Olympic Stadium in Moscow, Russia from October 9 through October 15.

</doc>
<doc id="19627552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627552" title="Astrid Carlson">
Astrid Carlson

Astrid Carlson (1954-2011) was a Norwegian orienteering competitor who competed in the 1970s. She participated at the 1978 World Championships in Kongsberg, where she placed 8th in the individual course. She won a silver medal in the "relay" event at the 1979 World Orienteering Championships in Tampere, together with Anne Berit Eid and Brit Volden.
National championships.
Carlson became Norwegian champion (relay event) in 1975, 1977 and 1978 with her club Røyken og Spikkestad, and won an individual bronze medal in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19627556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627556" title="The Big Book Of">
The Big Book Of

The Big Book Of is an Eisner Award-winning series of graphic novel anthologies published by the DC Comics imprint Paradox Press.
Publication history.
The "Big Books" were published between 1994 and 2000. Just over half of them (ten out of seventeen) were written by a single author (including Doug Moench and John Wagner), with Jonathan Vankin taking over the writing of the later volumes.
A wide range of artists worked on the stories. Notably it was the first American work for Frank Quitely. Rick Geary reckons he is the only artist to contribute to all seventeen volumes. E.C. alums Joe Orlando, George Evans and Marie Severin are present as are Russ Heath and Gray Morrow. The Big Books were the last stands of masters of horror Tom Sutton and Pat Boyette. Other artists who were regular contributors to the series as a whole include Bob Fingerman, Eric Shanower, Lennie Mace, Randy DuBurke, James Romberger, Salgood Sam, Steve Leialoha, Joe Sacco and Roger Langridge.
Wild Women.
Slated for a 2001 release, Paradox had planned to publish the 18th book in the series, "The Big Book of Wild Women". The book is narrated by "Susie the Floozie," and was to profile notable women throughout history who had made an impact on our culture while pushing the envelope of unconventional behavior. Among the women to be profiled were risqué nightclub singer-comic Rusty Warren, B-movie goddess Tura Satana, presidential candidate Victoria Woodhull, 19th century sex star Lola Montes, legendary seductress Cleopatra, scandalous writer Anaïs Nin, and kinky pin-up icon Bettie Page. According to DC, however, the book is in a perpetual "pre-production" — even though much of the work on the book was completed by the contributing artists.
Titles.
Urban Legends.
Published in 1994 with writers Robert Boyd, Jan Harold Brunvald, and Robert Loren Fleming; "the Big Book of Urban Legends" won the 1995 Eisner Award for Best Anthology. Collected by Brunvand, the two hundred tales in this volume are folklore for our times.
Weirdos.
Published in 1995 and written by Carl Posey, the "Big Book of Weirdos" illustrates the biographies of sixty-seven of the world's greatest eccentrics. Among those covered are Caligula, Thomas Edison, Henry Ford, Henrietta Howland Robinson, Harry Houdini, and the Marquis de Sade. The book features an introduction by Gahan Wilson.
Death.
Published in 1995 and written by Bronwyn Carlton, the "Big Book of Death" begins by providing the inside story on execution methods — from drawing and quartering to the electric chair. From there it moves on to bizarre suicides, weird deaths, burial methods, and the great beyond. The reader learns the origin of the guillotine, visits cryogenically preserved bodies, and even sees how cheese can be used as a murder weapon.
Conspiracies.
Published in 1995 and written by Doug Moench, the "Big Book of Conspiracies" won the 1996 Eisner Award for Best Anthology. It focuses on plots and cover-ups, including the Watergate scandal, Silkwood, the Iran-Contra scandal, and the assassinations of John F. Kennedy, Malcolm X, Robert Kennedy, and Martin Luther King. This book explores all these schemes and more, using a stream of real and imagined "facts" to explain how shadowy forces — including the CIA, the Freemasons, the Holy See, the Trilateral Commission, and even extraterrestrials — may be conspiring to shape world events.
Freaks.
Published in 1996 and written by Gahan Wilson, the "Big Book of Freaks" features an introduction from stage magician-turned-film star and "scholar of the unusual" Ricky Jay, who has written a number of books on related subjects.
The book features stories on all manner of odd and interesting people, from sideshow freaks to legendary creatures, (including giants), the subjects of Tod Browning's famous film and exhibitors including P. T. Barnum.
Little Criminals.
Published in 1996, the "Big Book of Little Criminals" details some of the world's most incompetent felons, such as Shanghai Kelly, who kidnapped men and forced them to work on ships. Also stories of U.S. Senators caning their colleagues, colonial counterfeiters, the Hitler Diaries forgeries, and a crook who nearly succeeded in buying Portugal.
Hoaxes.
Published in 1996, "The Big Book of Hoaxes" illustrates history's great hoaxes, pranks, and scams, including such notable put-ons as Mary Toft, the "Bunny Mommy," who convinced the court of England that she had given birth to at least sixteen rabbits. Other scams from the book include Charles Ponzi and his get-rich-quick schemes, the infamous "Princess Caraboo," the Hitler Diaries, and a plan to saw Manhattan in half.
Thugs.
Published in 1996 and written by Joel Rose, the "Big Book of Thugs" documents criminals who get what they want not through any sort of cleverness, but through direct action and pure force, including the Thuggee of India, and the "Ohio Gang," which disgraced the Harding Administration.
Losers.
Published in 1997 and written by Paul Kirchner, the "Big Book of Losers" proves that the misfortunes of others (such as Elisha Gray, who invented a telephone prototype before Alexander Graham Bell) really can be funny.
The Unexplained.
Published in 1997 and written by Doug Moench, the "Big Book of the Unexplained" features an introduction and narration by the ghostly image of Charles Fort (a deceased writer and researcher into anomalous phenomena). Stories of impossible animals, lost continents, and bizarre phenomena, such as the mummy's curse, living dinosaurs, the Loch Ness Monster, Bigfoot, alien abductions, and rains of frogs.
Martyrs.
Published in 1997 and written by John Wagner, the "Big Book of Martyrs" examines the lives and deaths of Christian martyrs, including Saint Valentine, Joan of Arc, Saint Ursula, and Saint George. The last chapter deals with people who have been tortured for their faith in more recent history, demonstrating that religious fervor is not a thing of the past.
Scandal!
Published in 1998 and written by Jonathan Vankin, the "Big Book of Scandal" features an introduction & afterword by Stephen DeStefano. The twelfth "Big Book" wallows in the lurid world of tabloid news. Fatty Arbuckle, Charlie Chaplin, John DeLorean, Richard Nixon, Oliver North, and O.J. Simpson are all examined.
Bad.
Published in 1998, the "Big Book of Bad" is written by Anina Bennett, Jonathan Vankin, and Paul Kirchner.
The thirteenth "Big Book" examines evil, like Heinrich Himmler, the architect of the Nazis' "Final Solution;" the depraved emperors of ancient Rome; and various serial killers. Then there are proponents of the banal, like poet Rod McKuen and real estate developer William Levitt. Finally, there are fictional villains like Professor Moriarty, Lady Macbeth, and Dracula.
The Weird Wild West.
Published in 1998 and written by John Whalen, the "Big Book of the Weird Wild West" offers up over sixty stories of the unusual, the bizarre, and the downright creepy stuff that happened on the American frontier. Stories of Western characters like George Maledon, "The Prince of Hangmen;" homosexuality among macho cowboys; and the various ghosts that haunted the American West.
Vice.
Published in 1998, and written by Dave Stern and Steve Vance, the "Big Book of Vice" examines alcohol, drugs, tobacco, sex, and gambling. Subjects range from the history of tobacco, to sexual slavery, to pinball machines.
Grimm.
Published in 1999 and written by Jonathan Vankin, the "Big Book of Grimm" examines fairy tales. Writer Vankin transcribes the original, unsanitized folk tales that the Brothers Grimm collected in the mid-19th century, detailing child abuse, incest, cannibalism, severed limbs and gouged-out eyes.
The '70s.
Published in 2000 and written by Jonathan Vankin, the "Big Book of the '70s" documents ten years of "tackiness and tumult." From disco to polyester fashion, the final "Big Book" itemizes the fads, personalities, slang, and social insanity that infected the 1970s (as well as the Vietnam War and some classic films).

</doc>
<doc id="19627580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627580" title="Flag of Richmond, British Columbia">
Flag of Richmond, British Columbia

The flag of Richmond, British Columbia depicts a field of gold surrounded by a thick blue border. In the centre of the field is a shield (the escutcheon of the coat of arms of the city of Richmond), depicting three Pacific Salmon fish on a light blue wave running vertically down the shield.
Municipal Council first asked staff to prepare a report on the design of a civic flag on July 22, 1985. Council minutes of April 14, 1986 indicate that “the Municipal Flag had been officially introduced to the public at the opening of Brighouse Park on Saturday, April 12, 1986.” This is much later than the adoption of the coat of arms, which occurred on November 10, 1979, the centenary of incorporation of the municipality.
The design of the flag is based on Richmond’s Coat of Arms. The official description of the Coat of Arms as used in the program for the Coat of Arms Presentation Ceremony of Nov. 10, 1979 identifies blue and gold as the “accepted colours for Richmond.” The inner design of the flag represents the shield on the coat of arms. The statement of significance of the Coat of Arms states: “The shield is coloured gold, with the wavy pale bar in blue, and three Pacific Salmon thereon in natural colour – silver. The blue bar represents the Fraser River and the delta waters that surround Richmond. The salmon are representative of the most common species that abound in the waters around the municipality. The salmon relate also to the strong historic and continuing association with the fishing industry, responsible for the early prosperity and growth of the community and very much evident in the present day economy of Richmond.” 

</doc>
<doc id="19627582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627582" title="Canoe orienteering">
Canoe orienteering

Canoe orienteering (canoe-O) is an orienteering sport using a canoe, kayak, or other small boat. Usually, a canoe-O is a timed race in which one- or two-person boats start at staggered intervals, are timed, and are expected to perform all navigation on their own. Portages are allowed. The control points, shown on an orienteering map, may be visited in any order. Standings are determined first by successful completion of the course, then by shortest time on course.
Canoe-O is best done in a body of water with many small islands and a complex shoreline. Frequently, two-person teams compete using one canoe. Some control points are accessible by water and others by land. Route choice is important: competitors must select both water and land routes so that the controls are encountered efficiently, and neither team member wastes time waiting for the other.
Canoe-O has no international sports governing body. The United States Canoe Association has held an annual canoe and kayak orienteering championship since 1996 and has offered canoe-O during its national championships since 1992.
Technical details.
With respect to canoe-o race categories, "C" and "K" indicate canoe and kayak, respectively, and "1" and "2" are the number of seats (and hence paddlers). If a course requires or favors travel on land, canoes have an advantage over kayaks. Teams are permitted to split up, with one person going on land while the other controls the boat, thus both team members wear a compass and have a map. Map boards at each seat are popular.
Notable people.
Seven-time United States canoe orienteering national champion Aims Coney is also a ski orienteer affiliated with Cambridge Sports Union.
Notable venues.
Notable canoe-O venues include:

</doc>
<doc id="19627645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627645" title="2005 Kremlin Cup">
2005 Kremlin Cup

The 2006 Kremlin Cup was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 16th edition of the Kremlin Cup, and was part of the International Series of the 2005 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 2005 WTA Tour. It took place at the Olympic Stadium in Moscow, Russia, from October 10 through October 16, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19627664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627664" title="Michael Martin (poker player)">
Michael Martin (poker player)

Michael Martin (born in Merrick, New York) is an American professional poker player from Washington Crossing, Pennsylvania who was the winner at the European Poker Tour (EPT) £5,200 EPT London Main Event earning £1,000,000.
Poker.
World Series of Poker.
Martin has cashed eight times at the WSOP, most notably finishing in 232nd place at the 2006 WSOP earning $42,882 out of a field of 8773 entries and finishing runner-up at the $5,000 No Limit Hold'em WSOP Circuit Championship event earning $94,263.
European Poker Tour.
Martin has made three final tables at the European Poker Tour, his first was at the EPT Grand Final, in Monte Carlo in season 4 finishing 5th for €421,000 ($666,171) with a final table that included online professional poker player Isaac "westmenloAA" Baron (4th), Luca Pagano (6th), Antonio Esfandiari (8th) and the winner Glen Chorny. Then later winning the 2008 EPT London event in season 5, earning £1,000,000 ($1,831,099) in a final table which included Team Pokerstars Pro member Marcin Horecki (3rd) and WSOP bracelet winner Alan Smurfit (6th) .
Master Classics of Poker.
In November, 2007, Martin was runner up at Amsterdam's prestigious Master Classics of Poker earning $531,961. The Master Classics of Poker is one of the most respected and popular tournaments on the European calendar due to the excellent organization of the Holland Casino Amsterdam.
Epic Poker League.
In 2011, the Epic Poker League was launched. It is a series of poker tournaments begun in 2011 by Federated Sports + Gaming. The League is exclusionary in that it is only open to poker players who have met certain qualification criteria based on earnings, final tables and other criteria. Comparing itself to the PGA of Golf, this new league will be the avenue for the top professional poker players in the world to compete against each other. To date, 218 of the world’s best live tournament players have already qualified for the Epic Poker League and Martin was included in the initial induction to this league. This inclusion ranks him amongst the top 218 tournament players in the world.
As of 2008, his total live tournament winnings exceed $3,200,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19627678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627678" title="Spreader (railroad)">
Spreader (railroad)

A spreader is a type of maintenance equipment designed to spread or shape ballast profiles. The spreader spreads gravel along the railroad ties. The various ploughs, wings and blades of specific spreaders allow them to remove snow, build banks, clean and dig ditches, evenly distribute gravel, as well as trim embankments of brush along the side of the track. The operation of the wings was once performed by compressed air, and later hydraulics. Besides the MoW-operation spreaders are also used in open cast mines to clean the tracks from overburden tipped from dump cars.
History.
Oswald F. Jordan was a Canadian road master who worked in the Niagara, Ontario area on the Canada Southern Railway, a branch of the New York Central Railway. Jordan designed the Jordan spreader and supervised a crew at the St. Thomas Canada Southern shop as early as 1900. He formed his own company, O.F. Jordan Company, and continued construction of Jordan Spreaders.
In 2001, the [//www.narhf.org/?p=5497 Jordan Spread] was inducted into the North America Railway Hall of Fame in the "Local:Technical Innovation" category.

</doc>
<doc id="19627689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627689" title="Welcome to the Woods">
Welcome to the Woods

Welcome to the Woods is the third studio album by the American country music band The Lost Trailers, released on Universal/Republic Records on April 20, 2004. The album produced one single, "Down in the Valley", that failed to enter the Hot Country Songs chart.
Track listing.
All songs written by Stokes Nielson, unless noted otherwise.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.
Additional musicians.
"The Section" - strings on "Atlanta" and "Sitting on Top of the World"

</doc>
<doc id="19627697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627697" title="Tuticorin Port Trust">
Tuticorin Port Trust

V.O.Chidambaram Port, formerly Tuticorin Port is one of the 12 major ports in India. It was declared to be a major port on 11 July 1974. It is second-largest port in Tamil Nadu and fourth-largest container terminal in India.After Sethusamudram Shipping Canal Project V.O.C Port will be India's premier port and one of the major ports of Asia equal to Port of Singapore. V.O.Chidambaram Port is an artificial port. This is the third international port in Tamil Nadu and its second all-weather port. All V.O.Chidambaram Port's traffic handling has crossed 10 million tons from 1 April to 13 September 2008, registering a growth rate of 12.08 per cent, surpassing the corresponding previous year handling of 8.96 million tons. It has services to USA, China, Europe, Sri Lanka and Mediterranean countries.The Station Commander, Coast Guard Station Tuticorin is located at Tuticorin Port,Tamil Nadu under the operational and administrative control of the Commander, Coast Guard Region (East), Chennai.The Coast Guard Station Tuticorin Port was commissioned on 25 Apr 1991 by Vice Admiral SW Lakhar, NM, VSM the then Director General Coast Guard. The Station Commander is responsible for Coast Guard operations in this area of jurisdiction in Gulf of Mannar.
History.
Tuticorin has been a centre for maritime trade and pearl fishery for more than a century. The natural harbour with a rich hinterland, activated the development of the Port, initially with wooden piers and iron screw pile pier and connections to the railways. Tuticorin was declared as a minor anchorage port in 1868. Since then there have been various developments over the years.
To cope with the increasing trade through Tuticorin, the Government of India sanctioned the construction of an all-weather port at Tuticorin, which brings the second largest revenue to India. On 11 July 1974, the newly constructed Tuticorin Port was declared as the 10th major port. On 1 April 1979, the erstwhile Tuticorin minor Port and the newly constructed Tuticorin major port were merged and the Tuticorin Port Trust was constituted under the Major Port Trusts Act of 1963.
Operations.
Tuticorin Port is an artificial deep-sea harbour formed with rubble mound-type parallel breakwaters projecting into the sea for about 4 km. (The north breakwater is 4098.66 metres long; the south breakwater is 3873.37 metres long and the distance between the breakwaters is 1275 metres). The port was designed and executed entirely through indigenous efforts. The harbour basin extends to about 400 hectares of protected water area and is served by an approach channel of 2400 metres length and 183 metres width.
The port handles both containers and cruise ships. It is currently managed by PSA Sical. Due to its strategic location in the southern peninsula and assured round-the-clock operations, the port has been the nerve centre of economic activity in south Tamil Nadu. The port currently handles seven per cent of the total container traffic in India and is an important reason for investment in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu. The port is badly in need of expansion to handle the increase in traffic. The two container berths in the port are of dimension 370 m length and 12.80 m draught. This limits the port in competing against Colombo port, which has 15 m depth. The Tuticorin Port Trust is investing $1 billion for expansion. This was planned in two phases; the first deepened the harbour from a depth of 10.9 m to the current depth of 12.8 m and the second will increase it to 14.5 m. In addition to expansion of the outer harbour, proposed upgrades include construction of breakwaters and lengthening the approach channel. The port has been upgraded to handle vessels longer than 245 m. The advantages of deploying bigger vessels are that the existing restriction on booking can be eliminated and the transshipment at Colombo port can be reduced. The Tuticorin port has the potential to be an international container transshipment hub given its unique geographical location. Activity at the port has grown at a rate of 17 per cent per year over the last five years. A large portion of the operations in the port has been privatised, including handling at the first container terminal by PSA Sical. A second container terminal has been approved for this port. Tuticorin port is becoming a gateway for South India to the US, Europe and the Mediterranean following direct sailings to these regions. Of the total exports from the port, 25 per cent were to Europe, 20 per cent to the US, 20 per cent to East Asia including China, 15 per cent to Colombo, 10 per cent to West Asia and the remainder to the Mediterranean.
With this expansion in place, the capacity of the port would double from the existing 20.55 million tonnes to 40.60 million tonnes of cargo. Once dredging is completed, the port will be able to handle fourth-generation container vessels with a capacity of 3,000 twenty equivalent units (TEUs) to 4,000 TEUs. Currently, the port can handle container vessels up to 2,000 TEUs capacity. For capacity augmentation, Tuticorin Port has taken up various infrastructural development projects under the National Maritime Development Programme (NMDP).
A naval base is to be set up under the ambit of Eastern Naval Command to strengthen the surveillance in the Gulf of Mannar and to safeguard any possible aggression in the region. Tuticorin Port Trust officials expressed their willingness to allot a plot on the 'port estate' area for the establishment of the Naval Base.
The port is also helping increase the tourism in the region. A new ferry has been commenced between Tuticorin and Colombo.

</doc>
<doc id="19627704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627704" title="Mary W. S. Wong">
Mary W. S. Wong

Mary Wong is a Senior Policy Adviser to ICANN. Prior to taking up a full-time position with ICANN she was the Founder Director of Franklin Pierce Center for Intellectual Property and a professor at the University of New Hampshire in Concord, New Hampshire, U.S.A. She has served as the Vice Chair of the Generic Names Supporting Organization (GNSO) at ICANN. Mary Wong has taught Advanced Topics in Copyright, Copyright, Copyright Licensing and Intellectual Property in the Information Society. Prior to joining Franklin Pierce Law Center, Professor Wong was an Associate Professor of Law at the Lee Kong Chian School of Business where she taught Information Technology Law and Business Law. From 1998 to 2003, she was special counsel to Morrison & Foerster LLP primarily in New York where she counseled clients on technology transactions and provided advice on international and comparative legal developments in relation to the Internet, privacy, e-Commerce and intellectual property.
Mary Wong graduated from the National University of Singapore with an LLB. She then received an LLM at Cambridge University.

</doc>
<doc id="19627754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627754" title="International City/County Management Association">
International City/County Management Association

ICMA (International City/County Management Association) is an association representing professionals in local government management. It is based in Washington, D.C., USA.
Founded in 1914 as the International City Managers Association, ICMA provides education and networking opportunities for its members, and offers the Credentialed Manager program to offer professional credentialing to city and county executive managers. It also conducts research, provides technical assistance and training, and promotes professional local government management.
The ICMA Voluntary Credentialing Program recognizes professional local government managers qualified by a combination of education and experience, adherence to high standards of integrity, and an assessed commitment to lifelong learning and professional development. Managers are recognized by ICMA through a peer review credentialing process, and this self-directed program offers an opportunity for interested ICMA members to quantify the unique expertise they bring to their communities. The program also assists ICMA members in focusing and reflecting upon their lifelong professional development experience. Members who participate in the program may earn the designation of ICMA Credentialed Manager granted by the ICMA Executive Board.

</doc>
<doc id="19627889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627889" title="Hilde Tellesbø">
Hilde Tellesbø

Hilde Tellesbø (born 1963) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor. She received a silver medal in the "relay" event at the 1985 World Orienteering Championships in Bendigo, together with Ragnhild Bratberg, Helle Johansen and Ellen-Sofie Olsvik.

</doc>
<doc id="19627918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627918" title="Union Planters">
Union Planters

Union Planters Bank was a United States financial institution and multi-state bank holding corporation headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee prior to being acquired by Regions Financial Corporation. With over $34 billion in assets, Union Planters Bank was the largest bank in Tennessee and among the thirty largest bank holding companies in the United States. Union Planters operated over 760 banking centers in the states of Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee, and Texas.
History.
Union and Planters Bank was founded by William Farrington, a Memphis businessman who had prospered during the American Civil War and emerged the wealthy head of an insurance company. In 1868, Farrington and the Board of Directors of Desoto Insurance Company applied to convert the company to a bank and they received government approval on February 12, 1869. Prior to the Civil War, the two most prominent banks in Memphis were Union Bank and the Branch Planters Bank. The assets of both, however, were seized during the war and the two banks had ceased to exist. Hoping to capitalize on the defunct antebellum banks' names, Farrington and the Board named their new bank Union and Planters. The board sold $671,300 in stock and established offices in a three-story brownstone in the Memphis financial district. On September 1, 1869, Union and Planters officially opened for business. 
Union and Planters early years were plagued with overdrafts. Farrington became increasingly at odds with the members of the Board of Directors, largely due to his interest in the Memphis & Little Rock Railroad. The struggling railroad company was indebted to Union and Planters, who held loans for the railroad totaling $200,000. In 1874, the bank's directors voted to remove Farrington from office. Outraged, Farrington remained one of the bank's largest stockholders and for the next two years, became a thorn in the bank's side. He refused to pay off the railroad company's loans and he attended board meetings during which he read lengthy protests into the minutes, demanded detailed information on bank operations and voted in opposition to even the most routine measures.
At a time of extreme financial hardship throughout the American South, Union and Planters nevertheless posted profits thanks to the sound advice the bank received from several Wall Street contacts. Napoleon Hill's assumption of the presidency in 1885, ushered in a period of growth for the bank. With little formal education, Hill had established himself in the business world as owner of a combination grocery store and saloon in Sacramento, California which he had founded amidst the 1849 gold rush. In 1857, he traveled to Memphis where he established a cotton and supply business. Like his predecessor Farrington, Hill prospered during the Civil War and emerged from it quite wealthy. Under his leadership from 1885 to 1890, Union and Planters reported profits of nearly $100,000 and deposits of more than one million dollars. With Hill at the helm, Union and Planters fared well during the depression years of the early 1890s. He suffered a stroke in 1894 but continued running the bank until a second stroke in 1897 forced him to transfer power to his "right-hand man," Samuel Read. 
Samuel Read began as a clerk in a West Tennessee country store before moving to Memphis in 1857 to work in the cotton supply business. During the Civil War, he made a fortune in the dry goods trade. His reputation as an extremely conservative banker was well earned. During his leadership, new customers wishing to open an account with Union and Planters were required to have an endorsement from an established customer who, by endorsing the new account holder, assumed personal responsibility for any default. The bank's problem with overdrafts ceased—and so did the bank's growth. From 1896 to 1900, Union and Planters reported no new account holders, no increases in deposits, and few loans were extended. As a result, Union and Planters was surpassed in size by several other Memphis banks.
The end of the nineteenth century saw the popularity of trust companies surge at the expense of banks. To stimulate growth, in 1906, Union and Planters merged with Tennessee Trust Company, formerly the Security Bank of Memphis to form the Union and Planters Bank and Trust Company. By offering a wide range of services—including mortgages, trusts, savings accounts, and a brokerage for stocks and bonds. It was the first Memphis institution to take a department approach to banking. Union and Planters relocated its offices to the Tennessee Trust Building. Read stayed on as the bank's president, an office he held until his death in 1915.
The bank's directors chose young 41-year-old Frank Hill, Napoleon Hill's son, as Read's replacement. Hill vowed to reinvigorate Union and Planters with "young blood, enterprise, aggressiveness and modern ideas." The days of his predecessor's safe and conservative stewardship of the bank was over. Hill encouraged new business and embraced innovation. In 1918 he established Union and Planters first branch location at a time when most banks operated out of a single location. This expansion was achieved by purchasing Mercantile National, a small and troubled institution renamed the Franklin Savings Bank and soon experienced strong growth. The bank celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 1919, and Hill's leadership gave the bank every reason to celebrate. Union and Planters was now the largest bank in Memphis and one of the ten largest banks in the South, holding deposits of nearly twenty million dollars and having assets of nearly thirty million dollars. Three years after the first branch opened, a second branch was opened on Memphis' famous Beale Street. Union and Planters acquired the North Memphis Savings Bank the following year and converted its offices into a third branch. 
In 1924 Union and Planters experienced a major scandal involving an officer, Robert S. Polk. During the bank's decade of expansion, Polk stood out as a driving force. An orphan since he was 16, he came to the bank as a messenger in 1900 then rose through the ranks, his aggressive nature eventually catching the eye of Frank Hill. Polk became a vice president and oversaw bank operations during Hill's summer vacations in Cape Cod. Hill and Polk became business partners in a number of outside ventures financed by Union and Planters and seemed an unstoppable team. Then, Polk vanished in March 1924 with nearly $42,000 taken from a teller cage, replaced by Hill's endorsed markers. A teller reported to Hill that this was not the first time this had been done, and additional inquiries revealed that Polk had also diverted nearly $20,000 in Liberty Bond accounts for his own use. Several businessmen came forward with allegations that Polk had offered them loans from Union and Planters they would not have to repay, provided they turn over the loan proceeds to Polk. A day after his disappearance was reported in the local press, Polk wired Hill from El Paso, Texas that he would be returning soon and that there was no reason for concern. A grand jury was convened in the matter and planned to hear Polk's explanation upon his return. When he did arrive in Memphis, he was scheduled to appear the following morning to offer insight into what had happened the next morning. When he failed to appear as scheduled, authorities went to his residence. There they found Polk's body, his hand gripping the .38 revolver he used to kill himself. 
Polk's suicide ruined Hill's credibility and forced him to retire from the bank. Frank Hayden took over as bank president after Union and Planters acquired Guaranty Bank and Trust Company, the company he formerly headed. Hayden inherited a bank in the midst of some serious problems. Polk had embezzled over $500,000 from the bank, not including the questionable loans for which he and Hill were responsible totaling about $8.1 million. Numerous customers claiming to have been defrauded by Polk demanded restitution. Hayden immediately wrote off more than $450,000 in loans, but more drastic action was required. In September 1924 Union and Planters engineered a reverse split, reducing its capital stock from $3.75 million to $1.87 million, and as a result cut shareholder equity in half. New shares were then issued and sold to boost the bank's capital to $2.5 million. Over the next four years Hayden was able to further shore up finances by collecting on bonds that covered some of Polk's theft, as well as successfully fending off lawsuits alleging the bank's responsibility for Polk's fraudulent actions. In the summer of 1928, however, Union and Planters again faced difficult circumstances when its account holders panicked and a bank run occurred. In order to shore up its finances, the bank sought a merger partner, resulting in an association with Rogers Caldwell, a Nashville investment banker. In 1917 at the age of 27, he began building an empire, as well as a reputation as a financial genius. Within ten years, riding the bull market of the 1920s, he controlled a network of fifty companies valued at over five hundred million dollars. In 1928 he and his associate, former U.S. Senator Luke Lea, bought a fifty-one percent stake in Manhattan Savings Bank and Trust Company in Memphis and agreed to merge with Union and Planters. The parties developed a massive reorganization plan, raising new funds to transform Union and Planters into a national bank. Upon completion of the conversion in the spring of 1929 the bank changed its name to Union Planters National Bank and Trust Company. 
In the early years of the Depression, Union Planters changed presidents three times before electing Vance J. Alexander, who remained president from 1933 to 1963. Although the bank survived the 1930s, it struggled until the economy was spurred by military spending during World War II. It opened several new branches, and Union Planters had eight total locations at the end of the 1940s. In the postwar housing boom, Union Planters issued numerous building loans and became aggressive in the area of installment lending, especially car loans. Deposits also expanded at a rapid pace, growing from $93 million in 1941 to more than $250 million in 1948. Under Alexander's leadership, Union Planters followed a consistent strategy: open new branches and focus on retail banking and correspondent banking with rural institutions. By 1961, Union Planters operated thirteen branches and boasted deposits of $400 million. As authority passed to Alexander's successor, the new CEO, John E. Brown, the bank began to slip during the 1960s. With a decrease in correspondent banking, Union Planters overbuilt its branch system to make up the difference. In addition, Brown's managerial style caused problems at the bank. He was reluctant to delegate authority, pay his staff competitive wages, or even invest in office equipment. In order to use the photocopier, for example, bank lawyers had to produce a permission slip signed by Brown himself. The result was a demoralized staff and the exodus of key executives. In 1967 Brown was replaced by C. Bennett Harrison, who struggled for the next seven years addressing the bank's problems, only landing Union Planters in deeper trouble when in the 1970s higher interest rates turned many high-risk loans into money-losing propositions. In 1971, Union Planters Corporation was formed as a holding company for the bank's operations.
To save Union Planters from impending disaster, William M. Matthews, Jr., was brought in as the bank's new president, replacing Harrison in 1974, but the extent of the bank's difficulties proved far greater than expected. Several officers of the bank, including Executive Vice-President Jesse Barr, had defrauded the bank. Barr and several officers were convicted of criminal charges and sent to prison. To his credit, Matthews openly addressed all problems of the bank with the press. At the same time, he took steps to revitalize the bank, closing unproductive branches and cutting staff while raising salaries to redress the long-term problem of low pay. He also invested heavily in technology. Union Planters, which a decade earlier owned but a single electric typewriter, now became the most technologically advanced bank in the region, allowing it to operate with significantly fewer employees. Furthermore, Matthews all but eliminated commercial lending, preferring instead to focus on investment banking and fee-based products and services. Although he returned the bank to profitability and repaired its tarnished image, after ten years of his leadership Union Planters was at best a lackluster performer. 
Matthews was asked to resign as CEO in 1984 and his replacement, Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr., immediately vowed to return Union Planters to traditional banking services. Within two years the bank showed enough improvement to explore future growth opportunities. The bank began initiating a plan to acquire community banks and by the end of the decade, this acquisition strategy evolved into what bank officials deemed the "Delta Strategy." The Delta Strategy called for the purchase of community banks within 150 miles of Memphis and urban or suburban banks within 300 miles. Union Planters suffered a setback in the late 1980s when a number of bad real estate loans, coupled with losses from a broker-dealer unit, resulted in a $22 million loss in 1989. But Rawlins was able to improve the balance sheet over the next several quarters and renew Union Planters' acquisition strategy. The pace was especially aggressive in 1993, a year Union Planters picked up thirteen banks and adding some $1.5 billion to its assets. By this time, Union Planters attracted the attention of Wall Street, as rumors spread over the next few years that it was either fattening itself up for the market or that a larger player in the consolidating world of banking would find it a desirable addition. None of the takeover rumors panned out, however, and Union Planters continued to buy up smaller banks. In 1998, the $2.3 billion acquisition of Magna Group of St. Louis bolstered Union Planters' position in Missouri and expanded the bank into Iowa and Illinois.
In September, 2000, Rawlins suffered a heart attack while on his treadmill jogging and died. During the 16 years he headed Union Planters, the bank grew from $2 billion to $34 billion in assets, operating 800 branches in twelve states, and became one of the thirty largest banks in the country. Rawlins was replaced as chief executive by bank president Jackson W. Moore, a lawyer who joined Union Planters in 1989. Within months of taking over, he initiated an effort to cut costs and improve profitability during a period of falling interest rates. The bank closed or sold less productive branches, outsourced some back-office functions, and eliminated jobs. Moreover, it only acquired one bank, St. Louis-based Jefferson Savings Bancorp, in February 2001. The addition was also in keeping with another key strategy of Moore's: shifting the focus away from rural community banks to the core urban markets of Memphis, Nashville, Indianapolis, St. Louis, and Miami.
Acquisition & Merger.
In 2004, Regions Financial Corporation of Birmingham, Alabama entered merger negotiations with Union Planters Bank. Regions was the surviving company in the resulting $5.9 billion transaction, with over 1,400 branches throughout the South and Midwest. Union Planters and Regions were given an equal number of seats on the board of directors. According to the Federal Reserve Order Approving the Merger, Union Planters Bank was the thirty-ninth largest bank in the United States, having total consolidated assets of $31.5 billion and controlling deposits of $22.8 billion. Upon completion of the merger, Regions became the nation's 21st largest bank. The merged company used Union Planters' old logo of a young cotton plant.

</doc>
<doc id="19627944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627944" title="Helle Johansen">
Helle Johansen

Helle Johansen is a Norwegian orienteering competitor. She received a silver medal in the "relay" event at the 1985 World Orienteering Championships in Bendigo, together with Ragnhild Bratberg, Hilde Tellesbø and Ellen-Sofie Olsvik.
National championships.
Johansen became Norwegian champion (relay event) in 1986 with her club NTHI. She was Norwegian champin in "night orienteering" in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19627978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627978" title="The Prince of the Pagodas">
The Prince of the Pagodas

The Prince of the Pagodas is a ballet created for The Royal Ballet in 1957, by choreographer John Cranko, with music commissioned from Benjamin Britten. The ballet was later revived in a new production by Kenneth MacMillan in 1989, achieving widespread acclaim for Darcey Bussell's premiere in a principal role. The world premiere of Cranko's original production took place on January 1, 1957, at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, London, with MacMillan's production premiering at the same venue on December 7, 1989. A recording of the music was produced with Britten conducting the orchestra of the Royal Opera House.
Plot synopsis.
The plot of "The Prince of the Pagodas" was written by John Cranko and has some parallels to the Shakespeare
play "King Lear". In "The Prince of the Pagodas", an Emperor must decide which of his two daughters should inherit the throne, and he chooses the evil older sister Belle Epine over the young and beautiful Belle Rose. Belle Rose is taken by magical flying frogs to Pagoda Land, and meets the Prince of Pagoda Land disguised as the Salamander. Belle Rose and the Prince return to the land of her
father and confront her evil sister, in the end driving her away.
Influence of Balinese gamelan on the music.
Britten incorporated many elements of Balinese gamelan music into the score of "The Prince of the Pagodas", including simulating the seven-tone pelog tuning on Western instruments. Britten was first exposed to gamelan music by Canadian composer Colin McPhee, who had lived in Bali from 1931-38. Britten utilized a “pseudo-gamelan” sound in several of his works, including "Paul
Bunyan" and "Peter Grimes", after meeting McPhee. Britten also performed works of other
composers which included references to gamelan music, such as Francis Poulenc’s Concerto for two pianos, which Britten performed with Poulenc in 1945 and again in 1955, after he had agreed to write a ballet with Cranko.
However, perhaps the most influential experience in gamelan music for Britten was a two-week vacation he took in Bali in 1956. He performed a thorough study of gamelan music while he was there and immediately began incorporating Balinese musical ideas into "The Prince of the Pagodas". For example, in the Prelude of the ballet, the Salamander Prince theme is played by several instruments in a layered texture, where the instruments are playing in different keys and start the theme at slightly different times in a technique called polyphonic stratification, which is typical of Balinese gamelan music.
Another way in which Britten achieves a gamelan sound is through his instrumentation. He calls for a variety of percussion instruments in the score, including gong, cymbals, bells, xylophone, and vibraphone, and uses these Western percussion instruments in different ways to produce a gamelan sound. For instance, Britten combines the sounds of an orchestral gong and a double bass to represent the Balinese colotomic gong.
The pentatonic scale, a signature of Oriental music in general, makes frequent appearances in the ballet as well, especially in trumpet fanfares which occur throughout the piece. The interval of the major second appears throughout Britten’s gamelan passages, which is normally considered dissonant in Western music but arises from the alternate scales and tunings of gamelan style music.
Britten uses the gamelan sound in his music to symbolize the magical pagodas of Pagoda Land, where the main character, the princess Belle Rose, is taken after a confrontation with her father, the emperor, and her evil sister, Belle Epine. When Belle Rose enters Pagoda Land, she is greeted with gamelan music. Similarly, when the Salamander enters the scene, he is portrayed alongside softer gamelan music to produce a mystical air. The Salamander is revealed to be the human Prince of Pagodaland, and when he changes to a human form, the gamelan music is replaced with more traditional Western orchestral music.
Cranko.
This production was dedicated to Imogen Holst and Ninette de Valois.
Macmillan.
This production was dedicated to Margot Fonteyn.

</doc>
<doc id="19627992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19627992" title="Benni Efrat">
Benni Efrat

Benni Efrat (born 1936) is an Israeli painter, sculptor, printmaker and filmmaker who was born in Beirut. He immigrated to Palestine in 1947. From 1959 to 1961, he studied at the Avni Institute of Art and Design in Tel Aviv under Yehezkel Streichman (1906–1993).
From 1966 to 1976, he lived in London, where he studied at Saint Martin's School of Art in London. After working in London, Benni Efrat became the first of the Israeli Conceptual artists and influenced others in this direction (e.g., Joshua Neustein, Michael Gitlin, Buky Schwartz). His works were systems of components which spoke for themselves and sought to represent no more than the sum of their parts. In the mid-1970s his displays were accompanied by films, on the back of which the artist had painted. After settling in New York City in 1976, became involved with conceptual art, producing drawings, prints and photographs that explore energy, space and the perception in sculpture. Efrat currently lives in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="19628067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628067" title="John J. McCusker">
John J. McCusker

John J.McCusker is the Ewing Halsell Distinguished Professor of American History and Professor of Economics at Trinity University, San Antonio, Texas.[http://www.trinity.edu/departments/history/faculty/McCusker/mccusker.html]
Early life and education.
McCusker grew up in upstate New York. He did graduate work at the University of Rochester, where he studied with Robert W. Fogel, the 1993 Nobel Laureate in Economic Science; at the University College of the University of London, where he worked under Harry C. Allen; and at the University of Pittsburgh, where Carter Goodrich directed his doctoral dissertation, receiving his degree in 1970.
Teaching career.
McCusker taught at the University of Maryland, College Park for 24 years. In 1992, he moved to Texas, where he now teaches at Trinity University. He offers courses in the general US history, US economic and business history, and the history of seventeenth and eighteenth century British America. In addition he has served, in an honorary capacity, since 1994 as Adjunct Professor of early American History at the University of Texas, in Austin.
Publications.
"The Economy of British America" won two honors: the Outstanding Academic Book for 1985-1986 by Choice and a Distinguished Book Award, Honorable Mention, by the Society of Colonial Wars.
Personal life.
John J. McCusker is married to Ann Van Pelt; they have five children: Terrie F. Conner, Kenneth W. Florance, John J. McCusker III, Patrick W. McCusker and Dr. Margaret E. McCusker.

</doc>
<doc id="19628069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628069" title="Miles! Miles! Miles!">
Miles! Miles! Miles!

Miles! Miles! Miles! is an album by Miles Davis, released exclusively in Japan in 1993. It contains recordings from the October 4, 1981 concert in Tokyo, some of which had appeared on We Want Miles, including the original version of the track "Jean-Pierre", elsewhere edited by producer Teo Macero to remove the first twenty-five seconds of introduction, consisting primarily of a guitar riff and tumbling percussion sounds.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Miles Davis; except where indicated
Disc One
Disc Two

</doc>
<doc id="19628116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628116" title="Heidi Arnesen">
Heidi Arnesen

Heidi Arnesen is a Norwegian orienteering competitor. She received a silver medal in the "relay" event at the 1991 World Orienteering Championships in Mariánské Lázně, together with Hanne Sandstad, Ragnhild Bratberg and Ragnhild Bente Andersen.
National championships.
Arnesen became Norwegian champion (relay event) in 1985 with her club "OL Trollelg". She was Norwegian junior champion in "night orienteering" in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19628126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628126" title="Rick Boyer">
Rick Boyer

Richard Lewis Boyer (b. 1943 - ) is an American writer, best known for series of crime novels featuring Charlie "Doc" Adams, a dental surgeon in New England. His novel "Billingsgate Shoal" received the Edgar Award for best novel in 1983.
Boyer was born in Evanston, Illinois. He majored in English at Denison University and earned an MFA in Creative Writing at the University of Iowa, studying under Kurt Vonnegut. Boyer worked as a high school teacher, a sales representative for publishing company and taught English at Western Carolina University since 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19628138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628138" title="Ciudad Hidalgo, Chiapas">
Ciudad Hidalgo, Chiapas

Ciudad Hidalgo is a city in the Mexican state of Chiapas. It serves as the municipal seat of the surrounding municipality of Suchiate. In the 2010 INEGI Census, it reported a population of 14,606 inhabitants. It is the southernmost municipal seat in Mexico, and its municipality is also the southernmost in Mexico.
It is the main crossing point on the international border with Guatemala. The Puente Rodolfo Robles over the Río Suchiate joins it with the Guatemalan city of Ciudad Tecún Umán in the municipality of Ayutla, San Marcos department. There is also a railway bridge.
History.
Ciudad Hidalgo was founded in 1882 by a group of settlers from Ayutla, San Marcos, who did not wish to remain on the Guatemalan side of the border following adoption of the border treaty of 27 September 1882 between the nations. The new settlement arose on what had been a hacienda called Los Cerros; it was known as either Suchiate, after the Río Suchiate, or Ignacio Mariscal, after a local landowner. On 4 July 1925 Suchiate was given village "(pueblo)" status and the municipality of Suchiate was formed. On 24 July 1952, under Governor Francisco J. Grajales, the town of Suchiate was given city status and its name changed to Ciudad Hidalgo, in honour of Fr. Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla.

</doc>
<doc id="19628159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628159" title="Let us with a gladsome mind">
Let us with a gladsome mind

Let us with a gladsome mind is a well-known hymn. It was written in 1623 by John Milton, a pupil at St. Paul's School, at the age of 15 as a paraphrase of Psalm 136. It was set to music by the organist John Bernard Wilkes using a tune written by John Antes.

</doc>
<doc id="19628194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628194" title="Matt Mundy">
Matt Mundy

Matt Mundy is an Australian footballer who plays for Olympic FC.
Club career.
He made his A-League debut for the Brisbane Roar on 4 October 2008 against Sydney FC.
Honors.
With Brisbane Roar:
A-League statistics.
1 - includes A-League final series statistics<br>
2 - includes FIFA Club World Cup statistics; AFC Champions League statistics are included in season commencing after group stages (i.e. ACL and A-League seasons etc.)

</doc>
<doc id="19628216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628216" title="Alan Isler">
Alan Isler

Alan Isler (September 12, 1934 – March 29, 2010) was an American novelist and professor. He left his native England for the United States at age 18, served in the US Army from 1954 to 1956, received a doctorate in English Literature from Columbia University and taught Renaissance Literature at Queens College, City University of New York from 1967 to 1995. In 1994 he won the National Jewish Book Award and the JQ Wingate Prize for his first novel “The Prince of West End Avenue”, which was also a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award. He has subsequently published four other works: “Kraven Images” (1996); “The Bacon Fancier”, also known as “Op.Non.Cit.”, (1999); “Clerical Errors” (2002); and “The Living Proof” (2005). 
His writing is dense but comical, referential and intellectual in the tradition of Nabokov, and often concerned with the bitter-sweet condition of the solitary Jew in a Gentile world.
Alan Isler died after a long illness on March 29, 2010.
Further reading.
Uwe Meyer: "‘My libido [...] has always been quite normal’: Love and Sexuality Among the Elderly in the Works of Alan Isler". In: Jansohn, Christa (Hg.): "Old Age and Ageing in British and American Culture and Literature". Münster 2004, pp. 197–211 (= "Studien zur englischen Literatur", hg. v. Dieter Mehl, Bd. 16).
Uwe Meyer: "‘o rot on inhospitable ground’: The World of Academia In the Works of Alan Isler". In: Fielitz, Sonja / Meyer, Uwe (eds.): "Shakespeare. Satire. Academia. Essays in Honour of Wolfgang Weiss". Heidelberg 2012, pp. 143–165 (= "Anglistische Forschungen", hg. v. Rüdiger Ahrens, Heinz Antor, Klaus Stierstorfer, Bd. 424). 

</doc>
<doc id="19628265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628265" title="Alan Judge">
Alan Judge

Alan Judge is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19628278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628278" title="Marielena">
Marielena

Marielena is a Spanish-language telenovela written by Delia Fiallo. It premiered on Telemundo in 1992, and starred Lucía Méndez and Eduardo Yáñez. The telenovela was aired in 9 countries around the world.
Story.
The story begins with a woman named Carmela Muñoz giving birth to a girl named Marielena in the middle of the Florida Straits while escaping Cuba in a boat. Years later, Marielena is a beautiful young woman living in Miami with her mother and siblings, Enrique, Jr. a.k.a. "Kike", Mercedes a.k.a. "Meche" and Yolanda a.k.a. "Yoly". Marielena is engaged to a young man named Javier. Yoly is married to a man named Alfredo Minelli a.k.a. Fredy, whose father Rufino works at a restaurant serenading guests, and Meche is the girlfriend of Javier's brother, Leon. Leon and Javier live with their parents Fucha and Teo close to Carmela's home. One day while walking back home after buying flowers, Marielena is hit by a red convertible. A handsome young man named Luis Felipe Sandoval steps out of the car and offers her money for the flowers but speeds away angrily when she asks only for an apology.
Later at a bar with his brother-in-law, Andres Peñaranda, Luis Felipe bemoans the fact that he met a young beautiful woman but would never see her again. Luis Felipe is married to Claudia, an older woman whom he married years ago for her money. Shortly thereafter, Marielena and Enrique get jobs, she at an agency and he at a bank. On Mariaelena's first day at work, she is shocked to discover that her boss is the man who hit her with his car and Kike realizes the bank at which he is working is run by Luis' brother-in-law, Andres. Marielena and Luis become infatuated with one another and she loses her virginity to him. There are numerous subplots: Andres' friend Nicanor and his son Nikky are under threat from a drug dealer named Roberto, Andres' wife Leticia starts dating Kike, their son Andy becomes addicted to drugs and his sister Melissa belongs to a group of devil worshipers. Leon has a lover named Reina, Marielena's friend Chela is pregnant with Camacho's baby, her sister Teté is in love with Kike, Fredy leaves Yoly after finding out she is infertile and starts dating his secretary Cecilia. Luis' wife Claudia suspects that Luis Felipe has a lover and with the help of her sister Olga discovers that the lover is Marielena and plots to separate the lovers.
At the agency where Luis Felipe works, there are some people who dislike Marielena for who she is, including Urbano Gonzalez and his secretary, Purita, although soon they warm up to her. Luis Felipe's good friend Rene, who works in the agency, advises and supports them as best he can. Desperate to regain Luis Felipe, Claudia visits Carmela and reveals that her daughter's "extra hours" and "parties" are lies—she is Luis Felipe's lover. Marielena confesses to her mother what she has done, but insists to Carmela that she and she alone loves Luis Felipe. Carmela suffers an infarction after slapping Marielena. Marielena is absent from work for a few days but returns, determined to resume her relationship with Luis Felipe. Claudia vents her frustrations to Olga almost daily but Olga tells her she is only obsessed with Luis, not in love. Luis Felipe, Marielena, and Rene fly to Los Angeles for an anti-drug commercial; Claudia follows them to catch them in the act. Luis Felipe denies everything but as he is taking Claudia back to the airport, he asks for a divorce. 
Melissa leaves the devil worshipers but the leader Carlos kidnaps her and takes her hostage to Andres' bank where he demands a large sum of money. Kike walks in and is shot, but is only grazed. A police squad is waiting outside the bank and Melissa escapes but is shot three times in the back, paralyzing her from the waist down. Seizing the moment, one of the sharpshooters shoots Carlos in the chest. Andres expresses his gratitude to Kike and even offers to pay for his college fund. Andy reveals his mother's extramarital affair with Kike and even goes to his house to "make him pay". He finds Meche and attempts to rape her until Leon rips him off her but calls off his wedding with Meche, misunderstanding the situation.
Claudia goes to New York to steal a baby in an attempt to regain Luis Felipe's love. While Claudia is away, Luís Felipe and Marielena spend a few days at a hotel, during which time Marielena tells Luís Felipe about Leticia and Kike and how he almost confessed to Carmela about it. Claudia returns without the baby because the mother had not left the hospital yet. Marielena goes to the hospital for tests to determine the cause of her stomach problems and Javier reveals that she is pregnant. She meets Luis Felipe at the apartment and tells him he must decide between his two women, although she doesn't reveal her pregnancy, then she returns home. Luís Felipe again tells Claudia he wants a divorce and she feigns sickness. Luis Felipe explains to Andres that if he doesn't resolve everything he'll lose Marielena and he'll go crazy.
Yoly lets slip to Claudia that Marielena is pregnant. Luís Felipe goes to Mariaelena's house, as he has decided to leave Claudia and all his possessions. Claudia insists Javier tell her the truth of Marielena's pregnancy and she storms out in a fury. Claudia pretends to give Luis Felipe and Marielena her blessing, but later feigns a medication overdose. Luis Felipe returns to Claudia's side when Andrés warns him that leaving her now would be akin to killing her in cold blood by his own hands. Marielena flies to Los Angeles so she can forget about Luís Felipe and advises Yoly, Meche, and Kike not to tell him where she is. Rene tells Luís Felipe that Marielena is waiting for him but he cannot bring himself to talk to her. Marielena tells Claudia to leave Luís Felipe alone but Claudia refuses to listen, going upstairs, and a catfight ensues in her bedroom. Mariaelena flies to Los Angeles. When Luís Felipe arrives home, he goes to the bedroom to find Claudia's lifeless body laying on the bed with Marielena's crucifix clutched in her hand. Marielena moves on, thinking Luís Felipe decided to stay with Claudia and Luís Felipe goes to jail thinking he saved Marielena from persecution. 
After settling in an apartment in Los Angeles, Marielena goes for a job interview at Serrano Enterprises, and as she arrives a black car cuts in and parks in her space. Angry, she confronts the driver and the man, who appears somewhat middle-aged with a mustache, apologizes to her and lets her park in that space. The man, whose name is Esteban, has already fallen head over heels for her. Marielena explains to the secretary that she is a hard worker, but the secretary, hostile and defensive, merely has security escort her out of the building before she can speak with the boss. Down in the parking lot, Esteban is waiting for her and explains that Mr. Serrano is his boss. In jail, Luis Felipe tells Rene, Andres, Olga and a lawyer friend of his that he is willing to die if he is given the death penalty. Marielena gives birth to a healthy baby girl named Valentina (named after Luís Felipe's mother); Yoly stays with Marielena to take care of Valentina while Carmela returns to Miami. A few days later at a restaurant, Esteban reveals to Marielena that he is in love with her and proposes marriage to her but she rejects him. On the way home they get into an accident. Both survive but Esteban is left blind; he proposes marriage to Marielena once again thinking he is near death, and this time she accepts.
A year later, Marielena must take on Esteban's duties and hers at the agency and is not able to spend the entire lunch break with her daughter. Yoly cannot believe that after all this time, Marielena still loves Luís Felipe and says Esteban does not deserve this. Melissa becomes a lawyer and wants to appeal Luís Felipe's case but he tells her not to. Javier assigns Meche to take care of Andres at the hospital because of his drug habit, blood loss, and intoxication. Meche is shocked to see who it is but accepts the assignment. Javier calls Marielena to tell her of Carmela's failing health and Marielena flies back to Miami to convince Carmela to get an operation done on her to save her life, but Carmela refuses. Carmela, Yoly, and Esteban are worried that Marielena will find out about Luís Felipe's incarceration. Javier tells Marielena that Luís Felipe is in jail and Marielena and Melissa work together to find out who killed Claudia. Zuleima, the Peñaranda family's maid offers a lead by telling them she saw Andres putting his things in a backpack nervously and said that in one certain part of the bathroom there was a shirt stained with blood.
Javier tells Andy that he has contracted AIDS. Tato then finds Andrés working at a farm and tells him about Andy dying from AIDS and says that his family needs him but Andrés stands firm and says he won't return to that house again. After Tato tells everyone about Andy's deteriorating health, Andy tells Melissa that this is punishment for what he has done and although reluctant at first, he confesses how it happened: he broke into the house and took money from Claudia's purse and stole some of her jewellery, then hid in the closet as Marielena and Claudia fought in the bedroom. After Marielena left, Claudia saw Andy hiding in the closet and threatened to call the police on him so Andy stabbed her with the letter opener. Marielena tells Luís Felipe about Andy's confession and says he will be free soon but doesn't get a chance to explain she's now married to Esteban. Worried, Esteban tells Yoly and Victoria that they're moving to Miami so that Marielena can be close to her family and asks Victoria to find a house and a publicity agency (which turns out to be Claudia's).
With his dying words, Andy repents for having killed Claudia and for having attacked Meche and accepts God as his savior and peacefully dies with Meche, Leticia, and Olga by his side. At the publicity agency, Victoria discusses the house price with Urbano when Purita comes in to say he is needed outside and Purita tells Victoria of the time when Marielena used to work there. After Urbano returns, Victoria says she'll buy the agency on the condition that the ownership is transferred over to Marielena. 
One year later, Luís Felipe is released from jail but does not listen when Marielena tries to explain about her new life. Once he sees Esteban and Valentina at Carmela's house, Luís Felipe is heartbroken. Saddened, Marielena leaves Luís Felipe in his apartment, vowing never to see him again. Once Luís Felipe returns to the agency and sees that Marielena is his boss, old feelings return. Marielena tells Esteban she wants a divorce but he refuses, as he waits only for her love. Graciela does not want Marielena and Esteban to divorce because she doesn't want to lose Luís Felipe, but Marielena says she will divorce from Esteban with or without opposition. A couple of days later, everyone is preparing for the arrival of Hurricane Andrew. Carmela, Kike, Fucha, and Teo take shelter in her apartment, Rene and Purita stay at Luís Felipe's apartment, and Marielena, Yoly, Valentina, Victoria, Graciela and Esteban stay in their big house. Everyone rides out the storm in their own way except Graciela who is afraid. Esteban reveals to Graciela that he can see again but it must remain secret.
No longer able to resist, Luís Felipe kisses Marielena just as Carmela walks into the agency. Nicanor starts to recuperate. Soon Rene and Carmela give the two advice: Rene tells Luís Felipe that he and Marielena should take a short vacation to sort things out while Carmela warns Marielena away from Luis Felipe. Esteban's old flame, Victoria, reappears in his life, but he orders her to fly back to Los Angeles. Graciela plans a banquet and Luis Felipe wonders if Esteban will accept that. Marielena accepts Esteban's decision to return to California, and determine to forget Luis Felipe. Marielena realizes that Esteban is no longer blind when she catches Esteban reading the story of the 3 Bears to Valentina; she threatens to divorce him, at which point he throws Victoria out of the house. After much convincing and confronting Leticia's infidelity, Andrés returns home so he and Leticia can help Melissa. Carmela suffers another heart attack and is taken to the hospital and barely clings to life. Luís Felipe tells Graciela that he refuses to marry her as he is still in love with Marielena. One day at the hospital, Graciela tells Marielena that she is expecting Luís Felipe's child and faced with this new heartbreak, Marielena tells Luís Felipe that he needs to be with Graciela because of her so-called pregnancy. Acting on impulse, Javier kisses Meche after defending her from his brother León and a relationship soon blossoms. 
Esteban tells Marielena that she is now free as Luís Felipe tells Graciela that they'll get married not out of love, but of the child she's carrying. Luís Felipe visits Marielena to say goodbye. Chela is desperate to tell him the truth but Marielena and Esperanza warn her not do it. León tries to reconcile with Meche but she rejects him, as she prefers Javier. Carmela is getting ready to be discharged from the hospital. Marielena plans on finding another job after having learned from her experiences at the agency. Esteban tells Graciela that he won't forgive her for what he did to her and visits Marielena, only to find Yoly. Against her mother and Marielena's wishes, Chela visits Luís Felipe at the agency and reveals that Valentina is his real daughter. Esteban tells Yoly he took a wrong turn—what he had for Marielena was an obsession while Yoly will always be a good friend—and announces that he will return to Los Angeles leaving Yoly heartbroken. When he tells Graciela of his plans, she reveals she's faking the pregnancy. After Carmela comes back home and goes to bed, Chela reveals to Marielena what she did and tells her to think in herself and Valentina.
Arriving at his home, Nicanor talks with Lucrecia who says she never did love Nikky and that his real mother is Telma who left them to travel. Worried, Telma seeks out Teo to help take her to Nicanor's house. As per her request, Nicanor hands Telma the money she wants but she wants the house, and calls out Roberto to kill him. Nikky has heard everything. Roberto says the witnesses must be eliminated and shoots Lucrecia and Nikky and mortally shoots Nicanor twice. Both fight for the gun and in the end, Nikky fires a single gunshot which kills Roberto. With his last words, Nicanor repents everything he has done and hands Nikky over to Telma. Nikky swears to respect Telma now that he knows that she is his real mother. Nicanor passes away with a mourning Telma, Nikky, and Teo by his side. With the death of Nicanor, Telma swears she will do everything in her power to be a good mother for Nikky. Luís Felipe tells Graciela they can't get married because of Valentina; Graciela wonders if he plans to abandon her and her unborn child but Esteban steps in and pulls the wool from Luís Felipe's eyes—Graciela is not pregnant and his true daughter is Valentina. Worried about Valentina, Marielena finds her playing with Luís Felipe at the park and the three are finally reunited. After revealing their relationship to their respective parents, both Teo and Fucha and later Carmela approve and give Javier and Meche their blessings. Soon thereafter, Marielena tells Carmela she is marrying Luis Felipa, and Carmela accepts this but will not receive them into her house.
One day, Luis Felipe prays in chapel to God, thanking Him for giving him the daughter he always wanted and acknowledging he was wrong—he almost lost the woman he loves and his own daughter. Unbeknownst to him, Carmela overheard everything; she opened her heart and her eyes and finally accepts Luís Felipe.
In the end, Kike starts a relationship with Teté, Chela leaves Camacho after confirming his infidelity, Melissa hooks up with Tato, and León ends up with Andrés' secretary, Irma. Finally, after many obstacles and hardships Marielena and Luís Felipe are married by the church. The final scenes show everyone at the reception of the new Mr. and Mrs. Sandoval with Marielena and Luís Felipe singing "Si Nos Dejan" and dancing to salsa music. A mariachi band starts to play the theme song of the novela with the newlyweds wrapped in a kiss as the guests applaud.
Production notes.
The telenovela was filmed and produced in Miami, Florida and was also recorded during Hurricane Andrew. Sadly, Luis Oquendo died during filming after he suffered a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="19628295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628295" title="Richard Fernandes">
Richard Fernandes

Richard A. Fernandes (born 1964) is an American television director and producer.

</doc>
<doc id="19628311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628311" title="Earl K. Miller">
Earl K. Miller

Earl Keith Miller (born November 30, 1962, Columbus OH) is a systems/cognitive neuroscientist, whose research focuses on neural mechanisms of learning, memory, and cognition. Earl Miller is a Picower Professor of Neuroscience with the Picower Institute for Learning and Memory and the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was Associate Director of the Picower Institute for Learning and Memory from 2001 to 2009. 
Education.
Earl Miller received a B.A. with honors in psychology from Kent State University (1985), M.A. in psychology and neuroscience from Princeton University (1987), and a PhD in psychology and neuroscience from Princeton University (1990). From 1990–1995 he was a postdoctoral fellow in the Laboratory of Neuropsychology at the National Institute of Mental Health.
Distinctions.
Earl Miller has won a number of awards throughout his career, including the McKnight Scholar Award (1996), Pew Scholar Award (1996), John Merck Scholar Award (1998), the Society for Neuroscience Young Investigator Award (2000), National Academy of Sciences' Troland Research Award (2000), Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (2005), the Mathilde Solowey Award in Neurosciences (2007), and a MERIT Award from the National Institute of Mental Health (2010).
Earl Miller's paper with Jonathan Cohen, “An Integrative Theory of Prefrontal Cortex Function", has been designated a Current Classic as among the most cited papers in Neuroscience and Behavior. His paper with Tim Buschman, "Top-down versus Bottom-up Control of Attention in the Prefrontal and Posterior Parietal Cortices" was The Scientist's Hot Paper for October 2009
Professional.
In 1995 Earl Miller joined the faculty of the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences at MIT as Assistant Professor of Neuroscience and quickly advanced the academic ranks. He received tenure in 1999 and became Professor in 2002. He was appointed to the Picower chair at MIT in 2003. He was Associate Director of the Picower Institute for Learning and Memory at MIT from 2001 to 2009, and is Director of Graduate Studies in Brain and Cognitive Sciences at MIT. He has delivered numerous lectures worldwide, serves as editor, and on the editorial boards of, major journals in neuroscience, and on international advisory boards. He currently serves on the advisory board of NeuroFocus, a Berkeley, California based neuromarketing company.
Research.
Earl Miller's research aims to understand how the prefrontal cortex, a neural system located in the frontal lobe of the brain, subserves cognitive control. Cognitive or executive control involves the higher-order processing that comes into play when our behavior has to be guided by plans, thoughts, and goals. This sort of behavior contrasts with the one that is primarily driven by external stimuli or by emotion, as well as with behavior that is stereotypical and automatic. Although the prefrontal cortex (PFC) has long been thought to mediate executive functions in the human brain, the mechanisms through which PFC regulates this goal-oriented, purposeful behavior were not clearly understood.
Research conducted in Earl Miller's laboratory has shown that such cognitive control is manifested in the neural activity in the primate PFC. The activation of PFC neurons can reflect the abstract cognitive process that is guiding behavior during a control-demanding task. PFC neurons, thus, have been documented to represent abstract rules such as "same vs. different", to process the category or quantity of visual stimuli, and to guide the allocation of attentional resources. PFC activity has also been shown to reflect the flexible remapping of stimulus-response associations. These results have arisen through a combination of electrophysiological, psychophysical, and computational techniques.
Miller has innovated techniques for recording from many neurons simultaneously in multiple brain areas. This is a departure from the classic single-neuron recording approach. It allows detailed and direct comparison of neuron properties between brain areas that are not confounded by extraneous factors and examination of the temporal dynamics of activity between neurons. Miller's lab has used this approach to make a number of discoveries of how different brain areas collaborate to produce thought and action. This includes recent discoveries that oscillating "brain waves" may control the timing of shifts of attention and that different items simultaneously held in short-term memory line up on different phases of each brain wave. The latter may explain why we can only think about a few things at the same time.
Media.
Earl Miller has made a number of media appearances. For example, he has been quoted in the New York Times, on National Public Radio, he was featured in an article in The New Yorker magazine, and was a guest on the nationally syndicated radio show, The Connection. His work has been featured in numerous news articles such as ABC News, MSNBC, USA Today, and CNN. He is featured in the books How We Decide and The Genius Engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19628320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628320" title="Gongen">
Gongen

During the era of "shinbutsu shūgō" (religious syncretism of "kami" and buddhas) in Japan, a was believed to be the manifestation of an Indian buddha in the form of a local "kami", an entity who had come to guide the people to salvation. The words and are synonyms of "gongen". is the belief in the existence of "gongen".
The "gongen" concept is the cornerstone of the "honji suijaku" theory, according to which Indian Buddhist deities choose to appear to the Japanese as native "kami" in order to save them.
History.
It is sometimes assumed that the word "gongen" derives from Tokugawa Ieyasu's posthumous name (Tōshō Daigongen). The term however was created and started being used in the middle of the Heian period in an effort to harmonize Buddhism and Shinto in what is called shinbutsu shūgō, or "syncretism of "kami" and buddhas". At that time, the assumption that Japanese "kami" and buddhas were essentially the same evolved into a theory called which held that "kami" were manifestations ("avatars") of buddhas, bodhisattvas and other Buddhist deities. The theory gradually spread around the country and the concept of "gongen", a dual entity composed of a "buddha" and a "kami", evolved. Under the influence of Tendai Buddhism and of Shugendō, the "gongen" concept was adapted to religious beliefs tied to Mount Iwaki, a volcano, so that female "kami" Kuniyasutamahime became associated with Jūichimen Kannon Bosatsu (eleven-faced Kannon), "kami" Ōkuninushi with Yakushi Nyorai, and Kunitokotachi no Mikoto with Amida Nyorai. 
The title "gongen" started being attached to the names of "kami" and shrines were built within the premises of large Buddhist temples to enshrine their tutelary "kami". During the Japanese Middle Ages, shrines started being called with the name "gongen" to uderline their ties to Buddhism. For example, in Eastern Japan there are still many Hakusan shrines where the shrine itself is called either "gongen" or "jinja". Because it represents the application of Buddhist terminology to Shinto "kami", the use of the term was legally abolished by the Meiji government with the , and shrines began to be called "jinja".

</doc>
<doc id="19628348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628348" title="Martin Røymark">
Martin Røymark

Martin Nikolai Røymark (born November 10, 1986) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey winger, currently playing for Färjestad BK in the Swedish Elitserien.
Playing career.
On October 5, 2008, Røymark was invited to practice with Frölunda HC of the Elitserien for three days, pending further evaluation of him. On October 8th, a press release said that he would return to his Norwegian team. However, it was decided that two parties would stay in touch.
In the 2009–10 Elitserien season, he played 55 matches for Frölunda, scoring five goals and having four assists. On April 12th, Frölunda's General Manager, Kent Norberg, stated that they needed to reduce the number of forwards in the club. As a result, Røymark, Joakim Andersson, and Jens Karlsson was released from their contract, along with defenceman Janne Niskala.

</doc>
<doc id="19628368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628368" title="October 2008 in science">
October 2008 in science

__NOTOC__
2008 : ← - January - February - March - April - May - June - July - August - September - October - November - December - →

</doc>
<doc id="19628373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628373" title="Imagines (work by Philostratus)">
Imagines (work by Philostratus)

Imagines is a work in Ancient Greek in two volumes describing and explaining various artworks. The first volume is generally attributed to Philostratus of Lemnos, or possibly to his more famous father-in-law Philostratus of Athens. The second volume is by the grandson of Philostratus of Lemnos, known as Philostratus the Younger. It ostensibly describes 64 works of art seen by Philostratus in Naples. The entire work is framed in terms of explaining art, its symbols and meaning, to a young audience. The author of the work in the introduction states that the ten-year old son of his host was the immediate cause of the composition of this work and that the author will structure the book and each of its chapters as if this boy is being addressed.

</doc>
<doc id="19628396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628396" title="The Night We Got the Bird">
The Night We Got the Bird

The Night We Got the Bird is a 1961 British comedy film and a follow up to the 1959 film, using the same title name "The Night We Dropped a Clanger", it was directed by Darcy Conyers and starring Brian Rix, Dora Bryan, Ronald Shiner and Irene Handl. It is based on Basil Thomas' play The Love Birds, and was the last film Ronald Shiner made.
Plot.
When unscrupulous Brighton antiques dealer Cecil Gibson (Ronald Shiner) dies, his widow Julie (Dora Bryan) re-marries, and she and new husband Bertie (Brian Rix) go off on honeymoon. But they find themselves pursued by a gangster because of a fake antique bed that the late Cecil pawned off for some quick cash. In addition, it appears Cecil the dealer has reincarnated as a mouthy South American parrot, whose aim seems to be to make married life very difficult for his wife and Bertie.

</doc>
<doc id="19628424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628424" title="Napier Waller">
Napier Waller

Mervyn Napier Waller CMG OBE (19 June 189330 March 1972) was a noted Australian muralist, mosaicist and painter in stained glass and other media. He is perhaps best known for the mosaics and stained glass for the Hall of Memory at the Australian War Memorial, Canberra, completed in 1958. However, Melbourne has been described as "a gallery of Napier Waller’s work", as eleven monumental murals by Waller are on display in the central business district and at the University of Melbourne’s main campus.
The Australian Dictionary of Biography says his work "was strongly influenced by Pre-Raphaelite and late-nineteenth century British painters; his monumental works show an increasingly classical and calmly formal style, using timeless and heroic figure compositions to express ideas and ideals, sometimes with theosophical or gnostic overtones".
Biography.
Napier Waller was born in Penshurst, Victoria in 1893. His parents were native-born: William Waller, a contractor, and Sarah née Napier. He studied at the National Gallery schools in Melbourne, and exhibited paintings and drawings in 1915. He enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force that year, and soon after married Christian Yandell, a fellow art student.
He served in France from 1916, being so seriously wounded at Bullecourt that he lost his right arm. He was right-handed but learned to use his left hand while recuperating. Back in Australia, he established his reputation by exhibiting more paintings. In 1923 he exhibited a series of linocuts, being the first to make and exhibit linocuts in Australia. His first mural design failed to win a competition in 1921. His first major mural was for the Menzies Hotel in Melbourne, in 1927. In 1927 he completed murals at the Melbourne Town Hall. The State Library of Victoria accepted his mural "Peace After Victory" in 1928. He studied mosaics in Ravenna and Venice in 1929. 
On his return, he worked almost exclusively in mosaic and stained glass. His major pieces during the 1930s were a monumental mosaic for the University of Western Australia, and mosaics and murals for Newspaper House (1933) and the dining hall in the Myer Emporium (1935). He became senior art teacher in the Applied Art School of the Working Men's College, Melbourne (now the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology). His students there included Loudon Sainthill. He took no major commissions during World War II, but worked mainly as an illustrator.
He designed and completed the mosaics and stained glass for the Hall of Memory at the Australian War Memorial, Canberra, completed in 1958. Earlier that year he remarried, to his New Zealand-born assistant. 
He died in 1972, in Melbourne.
Honours.
Napier Waller was appointed an Officer (OBE) of the Order of the British Empire in 1953 and a Companion (CMG) of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1959. 

</doc>
<doc id="19628443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628443" title="Freshwater biology">
Freshwater biology

Freshwater biology is the scientific biological study of freshwater ecosystems and is a branch of Limnology. It seeks to understand the relationships between living organisms in freshwater and their physical and chemical environment. The discipline is also widely used in a number of industrial processes such as sewage treatment and water purification which utilise biological processes to effect purification.
In the UK, a leading organization promoting and practising freshwater biology is the Freshwater Biological Association based near Windermere in Cumbria.

</doc>
<doc id="19628462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628462" title="William Long (Northern Ireland politician)">
William Long (Northern Ireland politician)

William Joseph Long OBE (23 April 1922 – 10 February 2008) was a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
Early life.
Long was born in Stockton-on-Tees in England and studied at the Friends' School in Great Ayton, the Royal Veterinary College in Edinburgh and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. He became an officer in the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers and was posted to Northern Ireland in 1940. While there, he married Doreen Mercer, a local doctor, and in 1942, the two settled in Northern Ireland.
Long left the British Army in 1948 and became the Secretary of the Northern Ireland Marriage Guidance Council. In 1951, he became Secretary of the Northern Ireland Chest and Heart Association. He joined the Ulster Unionist Party, and was elected to Donaghadee Urban District Council in 1952, serving as Chairman from 1955 until 1964. He was also a member of Down County Council Health and Education Committees.
Parliamentary career.
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1962, Long was elected MP for Ards. Soon after his election, he made headlines by accusing the management of the Harland and Wolff shipyard of introducing "capital punishment" by sacking 2,000 men during a strike.
Long initially focussed on representing the fishing industry in his constituency, and when Terence O'Neill became Prime Minister in 1964, he appointed Long as Parliamentary Secretary in the Ministry of Agriculture, with special responsibility for fisheries. Long proved loyal to O'Neill and was rewarded in 1966 with promotion to Minister for Education.
Long aimed to integrate Roman Catholic schools into the state school system, which overwhelmingly took pupils from Protestant families. He negotiated a small role for the state in Catholic school governance in exchange for increasing state funding for those schools to cover all their costs. When in October 1968 students linked to the socialist group People's Democracy organised a sit-in, Long joined them but asked them to go home. He refused to sign their petition and was not able to convince them to leave.
Minister of Home Affairs.
In December 1968, Long was promoted to Minister of Home Affairs. Initially, he was minded to move to repeal legislation permitting detention without trial. Two weeks after his appointment, People's Democracy activists launched their Belfast-to-Derry march, calling for electoral and legal reform, action to reduce unemployment and to provide decent homes. Long met with Ian Paisley and Ronald Bunting, who called on him to ban the march. Long refused to so, and the march set off. It was attacked by loyalists on several occasions, finally at Burntollet Bridge where there were numerous injuries. Long claimed that Paisley and Bunting had not "threatened or hinted that their followers would cause any trouble in Derry", and claimed that Paisley's supporters had not participated in the violence. The "Belfast Telegraph" disputed this, and claimed that Long was being partisan.
The following week, People's Democracy organised a march in Newry. It was again surrounded by violence, and several police officers were injured. O'Neill claimed that this showed that People's Democracy was not a non-violent organisation. He responded to this by introducing a new Public Order Bill, which amended the Public Order Act (Northern Ireland) 1951 and among other measures made it an offence to knowingly take part in an illegal procession or meeting.
Later political career.
After only three months as Minister of Home Affairs, in March 1969, Long moved to become Minister of Development. He was appointed to a four-person cabinet Security Committee which, in April, decided to request British troops to maintain order. Long loyally supported O'Neill, and when he resigned in May, many people expected Long to lose his cabinet role. Instead, new Prime Minister James Chichester-Clark moved Long back to the Minister of Education post.
In August 1969, Long had a 95-minute meeting with Paisley. Paisley had a list of demands to which Long listened patiently but did not act upon. He attended the funerals of some members of the Royal Ulster Constabulary and British Army who were killed in The Troubles, and placed more welfare officers in inner city schools after claiming that riots were poisoning children's minds.
Long remained in post under Brian Faulkner, despite speculation that he might resign in protest at increased use of internment. When British Prime Minister Edward Heath imposed direct rule, Long protested that this was merely a political gambit, in exchange for Labour Party leader Harold Wilson softening his party's opposition to Britain joining the Common Market. He opposed Willie Whitelaw's reduced use of internment, claiming that "there is no doubt units of the IRA that have been broken down by internment have been able to become active again".
Long was also President of the Yorkshire Association for a British Ulster; in April 1974, a member was charged with gun running to violent loyalists, a group which Long had described as "the very antithesis of Loyalism".
Life after politics.
Out of politics, Long became the owner and skipper of a fishing boat, and also the Chief Executive of the Northern Ireland Fish Producers' Association. In 1982, he chaired the UK Association of Fish Producing Organisations. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1985 New Year Honours, and retired in 1987, soon moving to North Yorkshire. In 2007, he married Valerie Bryans, who had been his secretary at Stormont.

</doc>
<doc id="19628481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628481" title="Time Warp">
Time Warp

A time warp is a hypothetical, rather than fictitious, change in the continuing of space-time, such as in time dilation or challenge.
"Time Warp may also refer to:"
In science fiction:
In music:
In entertainment:
In science:

</doc>
<doc id="19628496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628496" title="Malikha Mallette">
Malikha Mallette

Malikha Mallette is an American radio personality, voice-over artist and occasional actress. She is most known for her work at New York radio station Power 105, where she currently hosts in the afternoons.
Malikha's interest in radio came as a result of meeting with the program director of a radio station. Malikha started her career as a promotions intern at WVEE-FM, "V-103" in Atlanta, and within a few months, was hired for an on-air overnight shift. Mallette, a Queens native, earned the internship through her alma mater, Spelman College, where she eventually majored in English.
She soon moved from her overnight shift in Atlanta to middays at "X-105."' in Baltimore, MD. Malikha also worked on air at WPGC-FM in Washington D.C. before starting at Power 105 in 2003. She did the weekend overnight shifts and substituted for other weekday DJs. In August 2008, Mallette became the station's afternoon host of "the Malikha Mallette Movement". After "The Ed Lover" morning show ended, Malikha got promoted to the morning show in December 2009, while the newly hired DJ Envy replaced her in the afternoons.
On December 6, 2010, Mallette moved back to the afternoons while DJ Envy, Angela Yee and Charlamagne Tha God began hosting the morning show on Power 105 as "The Breakfast Club".
Malikha was the New York correspondent for British export, "CD USA", a music series that only aired on DirecTV ’s channel 101. Her acting credits include playing a reporter on "One Life to Live". She has a small part in the film "Cadillac Records".

</doc>
<doc id="19628501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628501" title="List of Morphoses productions">
List of Morphoses productions

Morphoses is a ballet company co-founded in 2007 by Christopher Wheeldon and Lourdes Lopez. Morphoses is a guest resident company at the New York City Center and at Sadler's Wells Theatre in London. It was known as Morphoses/The Wheeldon Company, until February, 2010, when Wheeldon announced that he was leaving Morphoses.

</doc>
<doc id="19628504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628504" title="Storm the Streets">
Storm the Streets

Storm the Streets is the second studio album by the American punk rock band the Riverdales. After a dispute with Lookout! Records, the band signed to Honest Don's Records for this release. It is the only Riverdales album still available from its original label. In the liner notes to Screeching Weasel's "Thank You Very Little" (2000), Ben Weasel refers to "Storm the Streets" as a "gem" but admits that the record sold far less than its predecessor, "Riverdales" (1995). The band broke up with the album's release. "I Accuse My Parents" most likely takes its title from a movie of the same name which was featured on "Mystery Science Theater 3000", a television show mentioned in the song "I Think About You During the Commercials" from the Riverdales' debut album.
"Storm the Streets" is being remastered and reissued in 2011 on Fat Wreck Chords but no further details are currently known. The album was mixed from February 24-27, 1997 by Mass Giorgini at Sonic Iguana Studios in Lafayette, Indiana. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Ben Foster and Dan Schafer. 
Personnel.
Production

</doc>
<doc id="19628525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628525" title="Future Primitive and Other Essays">
Future Primitive and Other Essays

Future Primitive and Other Essays is a collection of essays by anarcho-primitivist philosopher John Zerzan published by Autonomedia in 1994. The book became the subject of increasing interest after Zerzan and his beliefs rose to fame in the aftermath of the trial of fellow thinker Theodore Kaczynski and the 1999 anti-WTO protests in Seattle. It was republished in 1996 by Semiotext(e), and has since been translated into French (1998), Turkish (2000), Spanish (2001), and Catalan (2002). As is the case with Zerzan's previous collection of essays, "Elements of Refusal", "Future Primitive" is regarded by anarchists and technophobes as an underground classic.
Thesis.
"Future Primitive" is an unequivocal assertion of the superiority of the hunter-gatherer lifestyle. Zerzan rejects the thesis that time and technology are neutral scientific realities, arguing instead that they are carefully constructed means of enslaving people. He cites as examples the computer and the Internet, which he maintains have an atomizing effect on society, creating novel divisions of labour, demanding ever increasing efficiency and portions of leisure time. Life prior to domestication and agriculture, Zerzan argues, was predominantly one of "leisure, intimacy with nature, sensual wisdom, sexual equality and health". In the Paleolithic era, as "The Wall Street Journal" summarized Zerzan's thesis, "people roamed free, lived off the land and knew little or nothing of private property, government, money, war, even sexism. In the wild, the shackles of civilization weren't necessary, as people were instinctively munificent and kind, the primitivist argument goes."

</doc>
<doc id="19628581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628581" title="Nitrovasodilator">
Nitrovasodilator

A nitrovasodilator is a pharmaceutical agent that causes vasodilation (widening of blood vessels) by donation of nitric oxide (NO), and is mostly used for the treatment and prevention of angina pectoris.
This group of drugs includes nitrates (esters of nitric acid), which are reduced to NO in the body. Examples are:
Nitrovasodilators which aren't nitrates include molsidomine and its active metabolite linsidomine, as well as sodium nitroprusside. These substances do not need to be reduced to donate NO.
Medical uses.
The nitrates are used for the treatment and prevention of angina and acute myocardial infarction, while molsidomine acts too slowly to be useful for the treatment of acute angina. For quick action in the treatment of angina, glyceryl trinitrate is used in form of a sublingual spray ("nitro-spray") or as soft capsules to be crunched.
Nitroprusside is used intravenously for the treatment of hypertensive crises, heart failure, and lowering of blood pressure during surgery.
Contraindications.
Nitrovasodilators are contraindicated under circumstances where lowering of blood pressure can be dangerous. This includes, with some variation between the individual substances, severe hypotension (low blood pressure), shock including cardiogenic shock, and anaemia. Whether a specific drug is useful or harmful under heart failure and myocardial infarction depends on its speed of action: Fast acting substances such as glyceryl trinitrate and nitroprusside can be helpful for controlling blood pressure and consequently the amount of blood the heart has to pump, if the application is monitored continuously. Slow acting substances would hold the danger of ischaemia due to an uncontrollably low blood pressure and are therefore contraindicated. Depending on the circumstances, even fast acting substances can be contraindicated – for example, glyceryl trinitrate in patients with obstructive heart failure.
These drugs are also contraindicated in patients that have recently taken PDE5 inhibitors such as sildenafil (Viagra).
Adverse effects.
Most side effects are direct consequences of the vasodilation and the following low blood pressure. They include headache ("nitrate headache") resulting from the widening of blood vessels in the brain, reflex tachycardia (fast heart rate), flush, dizziness, nausea and vomiting. These effects usually subside after a few days if the treatment is continued.
Occasionally, severe hypotension occurs shortly after beginning of treatment, possibly resulting in intensified angina symptoms or syncope, sometimes with bradycardia (slow heart rate).
Interactions.
A number of drugs add to the low blood pressure caused by nitrovasodilators: for example, other vasodilators, antihypertensive drugs, tricyclic antidepressantss, antipsychotics, general anaesthetics, as well as ethanol. Combination with PDE5 inhibitors is contraindicated because potentially life-threatening hypotension may occur.
Nitrates increase the bioavailability of dihydroergotamine (DHE). High DHE levels may result in coronary spasms in patients with coronary disease. This interaction is not described for non-nitrate nitrovasodilators.
Mechanism of action.
Nitrovasodilators are prodrugs that donate NO by various mechanisms. Nitrates undergo chemical reduction, likely mediated by enzymes. Molsidomine and nitroprusside already contain nitrogen in the right oxidation state (+2) and liberate NO without the aid of enzymes.
NO stimulates the soluble form of the enzyme guanylate cyclase in the smooth muscle cells of blood vessels. Guanylate cyclase produces cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) from guanosine triphosphate (GTP). cGMP in turn activates cyclic nucleotide-dependent protein kinase G, which phosphorylates various proteins that play a role in decreasing intracellular calcium levels, leading to relaxation of the muscle cells and thus to dilation of blood vessels.
The most important effect in angina is the widening of veins, which increases their capacity to hold blood ("venous pooling") and reduces the pressure of the blood returning to the heart (the preload). Widening of the large arteries also reduces the pressure against which the heart has to pump, the afterload. Lower preload and afterload result in the heart needing less energy and thus less oxygen. Besides, NO donated by nitrovasodilators can reduce coronary spasms, increasing the heart's oxygen supply.
Mechanism of interaction with PDE5 inhibitors.
PDE5 inhibitors block deactivation of cGMP by the enzyme phosphodiesterase-5. In combination with the increased cGMP production caused by nitrovasodilators, this leads to high concentrations of cGMP, extensive venous pooling, and potentially life-threatening hypotension.
Nitrate tolerance.
Nitrates exhibit development of tolerance, or more specifically tachyphylaxis, meaning that repeated application results in a fast decrease of effect, usually within 24 hours. A pause of six to eight hours restores the original effectiveness. This phenomenon was originally thought to be a consequence of depletion of thiol (–SH) groups necessary for the reduction of nitrates. While this theory would fit the fact that molsidomine (which is not reduced) does not exhibit tachyphylaxis, it has meanwhile been refuted. Newer theories include increase of oxidative stress resulting in deactivation of NO to peroxynitrite, and liberation of the vasoconstrictors angiotensin II and endothelin as the blood vessels' reaction to NO-mediated vasodilation.
Differences in pharmacokinetics.
Nitrates mainly differ in speed and duration of their action. Gylceryl trinitrate acts fast and short (10 to 30 minutes), while most other nitrates have a slower onset of action, but are effective for up to six hours. Molsidomine, as has been mentioned, not only acts slowly but also differs from the nitrates in exhibiting no tolerance. Nitroprusside, given intravenously, acts immediately, and after stopping the infusion blood pressure returns to its previous level within ten minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19628599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628599" title="Francisco Costa (tennis)">
Francisco Costa (tennis)

Francisco Costa (born June 28, 1973) is a former professional tennis player from Brazil.
He is the current captain of the Brazil Davis Cup team.

</doc>
<doc id="19628631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628631" title="The Door (Steve Lacy album)">
The Door (Steve Lacy album)

The Door is the second album by Steve Lacy to be released on the RCA Novus label. It was released in 1989 and features four of Lacy's compositions and one each by Monk, Bud Powell, Duke Ellington and George Handy performed by Lacy, Bobby Few, Steve Potts, Jean-Jacques Avenel, Oliver Johnson and Irene Aebi with Sam Woodyard guesting on one track recorded shortly before his death.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "Overall this is a well-conceived and highly recommended set for Steve Lacy fans.".

</doc>
<doc id="19628648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628648" title="Monocacy Site">
Monocacy Site

The Monocacy Site is an archeological site at the confluence of the Monocacy and Potomac Rovers, near Dickerson, Maryland. The site spans several eras ranging from Archaic period to the early Woodland period. Projectile points, pottery and soapstone vessels have been found here, with pottery dated to "circa" 1145-865 B.C. The site is the deepest known stratified site in Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19628710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628710" title="Tara Price">
Tara Price

Character's background.
Tara first appears in the second episode of season 7, "Won't Get Fueled Again", as the replacement for murdered coroner Shannon Higgins (the original replacement for the departed Alexx Woods, who appears only in the season 6 finale). Tara's first job is to examine the body of a burned man on a beach. Eric Delko later meets her in the lab and forms an instant attraction to her.
She became part of the main opening cast credits in the season 7 episode "" (705).
In the episode "Cheating Death" (707), Delko and Ryan Wolfe switch out the body of a victim for a fake dummy, and attach it to a wire. When Tara walks in, Eric lifts the body up through a remote in the observation deck. Tara, not seeing Eric, thinks the body is moving on its own and screams, frightened. She yells at Eric when he reveals the prank, and later snaps at Ryan when she takes their crime scene photos to recreate the body's original position to determine the weapon used. Calleigh Duquesne helps Price recreate the body position, and reassures her that it's not personal, that they just like to play a prank on the new person at work. She tells Price that when Wolfe was new, she and Delko sent him to his first autopsy, only to find a severed head.
In "" (717) Price joins the team to investigate a homicide where the victim was hung from a gazebo. While they are working the crime scene, the architecture collapses, and Price injures her shoulder. Later that day, Horatio Caine convinces Price to hire his son, Kyle, as an intern in the morgue to protect him from his unstable mother, Julia Winston. A bottle of oxycodone subsequently goes missing from a car accident victim. Julia is instantly accused of stealing them, even by Kyle, as she is seen visiting him on his first day. At the end of the episode, Price is seen putting the pills into her pocket. In a later episode, Kyle witnesses her popping a pill into her mouth while examining a body- he confronts her about it and she defensively replies, "I don't have to explain myself to you, Kyle." In "", when a homemade grenade goes off in autopsy, she frantically tries to pick up the pills (which fell out of her pocket during the blast). Ryan notices this, and tells her to get help.
In "" (724), Wolfe catches her stealing pills again and again he urges her to come forward. She refuses, however, and Ryan reminds her what would happen if he caught her again. After more false assurances by her, Wolfe tells Caine about her problem. They get a search warrant for her workplace locker, where they discover a bag of pill bottles containing multiple prescriptions for oxycodone stolen from morgue intake. Wolfe goes to the morgue and he matches the prescription names to the corpse's tags. Just as he is about to confront Price, Julia Winston, suffering a psychotic break, fires a shot and demands her son come with her. Later, after the shooting is resolved with no casualties, Wolfe tells Price in the autopsy room that they are wanted by Internal Affairs, supposedly to get their depositions after the shooting in the morgue. However, both know that it is in reference to Price directly. As she leaves the morgue, she turns and looks back into the room, knowing she will never be back. IAB Sgt. Rick Stetler tells her that they know she framed Julia Winston, which set in motion the chain of events that lead to the shooting. As the police take her into custody in her blue scrubs, Delko and Wolfe watch her go. As she is led into the elevator, Tara alternately makes and avoids eye contact as the elevator door shuts.

</doc>
<doc id="19628749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628749" title="Ruben Toledo">
Ruben Toledo

Ruben Toledo (born 1961 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban-American artist based in New York.
Personal Life.
Toledo is married to Isabel Toledo. They met in high school in West New York, New Jersey.
Books.
In 1997, Toledo is the author of "Style Dictionary" a collection of drawings and watercolors. Ruben Toledo completed his first film, "Fashionation", an animated history of French fashion, based on a book of the same name. Toledo illustrated special edition book jackets for Penguin Classics Deluxe Editions of "Jane Eyre", "Dracula", "The Scarlet Letter", "Wuthering Heights", "The Picture of Dorian Gray" and "Pride and Prejudice".
List of titles:
Exhibit.
Ruben Toledo's collaboration with his fashion designer wife, Isabel Toledo, was the subject of both a book and a museum exhibition titled "Toledo/Toledo: A Marriage of Art and Fashion" at The Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology.
Awards.
Along with his wife, Isabel Toledo, Ruben was the recipient of the 2005 Cooper-Hewitt National Design Award for their work in fashion.

</doc>
<doc id="19628760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628760" title="Summer Creek High School">
Summer Creek High School

Summer Creek High School (SCHS) is a high school in unincorporated Harris County, Texas and a part of the Humble Independent School District. It serves several areas, including Summerwood and Fall Creek, the two neighborhoods that the school get its name from.
Built to relieve the overcrowded Atascocita HS and Humble HS, SCHS is approximately and is a comprehensive, ninth through twelfth grade high school for 3,200 students; The campus has athletic facilities and playing fields, an auditorium, a natatorium, a career and vocational education facilities, a food court and a learning resource center. There is also parking for students, staff, and visitors. SCHS is located at 14000 Weckford Boulevard, near the intersection of Beltway 8 and West Lake Houston Parkway.
Principal.
Trey Kraemer, an Humble resident who had been serving as Principal of Sterling High School in Goose Creek CISD, was named Principal during the summer of 2008. In the summer of 2011, the job was passed over to former AMS and WMS principal, Thyrun Hurst.
Design.
Summer Creek High School incorporates a Frank Lloyd Wright style to the exterior facade. The floor plan of Summer Creek is similar to Atascocita High School's, which uses the house system, or smaller learning communities. Each student will be assigned to a "house" in which they will work with an Assistant Principal-Counselor pair for all four years at the school. Core classes (Math, Science, English, and Social Studies) will be attended in that house, but electives will be located in a special wing of the school. The district believes this concept will make a rather large high school feel like a small one. 
Quest High School, the district's alternate high school, will move into one of the houses at Summer Creek starting in August 2009.
References.
Quest High School has moved out of Summer Creek High School, and now has their own building.
External links.
n

</doc>
<doc id="19628775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628775" title="American Milking Devon">
American Milking Devon

The American Milking Devon is a breed of cattle from the United States. Originally derived from British North Devon cattle brought to North America in the 17th century, the two strains have since diverged significantly. Modern North Devons have been bred to be used almost exclusively for beef production, while American Milking Devons are a multi-purpose animal akin to the stock which first took the transatlantic journey. Despite their name, they are also suited to meat production and to work as draft animals (i.e. oxen). Considered to be one of the oldest and purest breeds of American cattle in existence, American Milking Devons are also exceedingly rare.
History.
In 1623, a small shipment of North Devon cattle from north Devonshire arrived in the Plymouth Colony. Though cattle had been imported to the continent by the Spanish much earlier (descendants of which are the Texas Longhorn, Pineywoods and Florida Cracker breeds), this was the first arrival of British stock to the Americas. The Milking Devon spread along the east coast as far south as Florida, and its multi-purpose ability to provide labor, meat, and milk was valued by farmers. But beginning in the 19th century, the Shorthorn breed began to be preferred by farmers for dual-purpose cattle, and by 1900 the Milking Devon was rarely found outside New England. By the middle of the 20th century, numbers had dwindled even more significantly, and the market for triple purpose cattle had virtually disappeared. The breed reached its low point in the 1970s, with fewer than 100 head. 
Today, Milking Devons are still one of the most endangered breeds of cattle in the world. But with the aid of organizations such as the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy and Slow Food USA's Ark of Taste, numbers have begun to rebound slightly. At any given time, 600 living animals are registered as purebred with the breed society.
Breed characteristics.
The American Milking Devon is one of only a few truly triple purpose cattle breeds left in the West, being valued for meat, milk and draft. They are medium sized cattle: cows average 1,100 pounds (499 kilos) and bulls 1,600 pounds (726 kilos). The coat is a dark, glossy red color, and the horns are white, ideally with black tips. They are active, intelligent, and relatively strong for their size, making them valued for use as oxen. However, as some of the most active draft breeds, they are not well-suited to beginning drovers. 
Milking Devons are also physically hardy, and able to survive well on forage. Though Milking Devons are not heavily selected for dairy production in the 21st century, the butterfat content of their milk is comparable to that of the Jersey (though the volume of milk produced is not).

</doc>
<doc id="19628859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628859" title="Riverdales (album)">
Riverdales (album)

Riverdales is the eponymously titled debut studio album by the American punk rock band the Riverdales. It was released on June 7, 1995, through Lookout! Records with the catalog LK 120. The album was re-released on October 10, 2006, by Asian Man Records with new cover art and 12 bonus tracks, including 4 studio songs and live recordings from their tour with Green Day in 1995. It is scheduled for another re-release by Fat Wreck Chords, which is due sometime in 2013. Shortly after the release of "Riverdales", Foster got into a dispute with Lookout! Records owner Larry Livermore and the Riverdales left the label and signed to Fat Mike's Honest Don's Records.
Background and production.
Shortly after the recording of Screeching Weasel's sixth studio album "How to Make Enemies and Irritate People" in June 1994, all of the members—with the exception of guitarist John Jughead—decided to form a more Ramones-influenced group and disband Screeching Weasel. They named the group the Riverdales, after the fictional town in the "Archie" comics. Riverdales' line-up at the time consisted of Ben Foster (lead vocals/guitar), Dan Schafer (bass/lead vocals) and Dan Sullivan (drums/backing vocals). The members of the Riverdales decided to credit themselves under their birth names, as oppose to the theme of using pseudonyms in Screeching Weasel. "Riverdales" was recorded in January and February 1995 at Sonic Iguana Studios in Lafayette, Indiana with producer and engineer Mass Giorgini. Foster later called Billie Joe Armstrong, vocalist/guitarist for the punk rock band Green Day, in February and asked him to mix and co-produce the album. Though Armstrong could not go to Indiana because his wife Adrienne was about to give birth to their son Joey. So Schafer went to Berkeley, California and Armstrong co-produced and mixed the album at The Catbox Studios. The album was mastered by Stephen Marcussen in April 1995 at Precision Mastering in Hollywood, California.
Release and reception.
The album was released on June 7, 1995, through Lookout! Records with the catalog number LK 120. It received mostly positive reviews from Screeching Weasel's fanbase and other punk rock fans. Foster has stated that the band was "really happy with it" and that he thought the album "turned out great", saying that it had "nice, loud guitar". The success of the Riverdales on their tour with Green Day resulted in the album becoming the group's best-selling release. Though despite positive reception, critics such as Mike DaRonco of Allmusic gave "Riverdales" a mostly negative review, rating the album 2 out of 5 stars and calling the record "boring". DaRonco stated that the structures were "so simple that a three-year-old could learn them in a day" and that "one is better off just buying any other Screeching Weasel record." Though he also complimented the album, saying that it featured "some catchy standouts like 'I Think About You During the Commercials' and 'Back to You'".
Tour.
Riverdales promoted the album by opening for Green Day on their tour in support of its fourth studio album "Insomniac" (1995), which began on August 27, 1995, at the Lowlands Festival in the Netherlands and ended on March 21, 1996, at Palaeur in Rome, Italy. The group had previously opened for The Mr. T Experience at a few shows in June 1995. Riverdales achieved substantial success on the tour, resulting in the album becoming the band's best-selling release to date. According to Foster, the band achieved huge success in South Florida and got "booed a couple times" in towns such as Philadelphia. After the performance at Palaeur, the Riverdales decided to cease opening for Green Day, citing exhaustion. The Mr. T Experience opened for Green Day for the remaining concerts of the tour. Green Day later cancelled most of the European leg.
Re-releases.
On October 10, 2006, Asian Man Records—whom had re-issued most of Screeching Weasel's material—re-released "Riverdales" with new cover art and an additional 12 tracks. The bonus tracks include the previously unreleased "Two-Headed Girl" and "I Won't Forget You", the b-sides "I'm a Vegetable" (from the "Fun Tonight" single) and "No Sense" (from the "Blood on the Ice" single), and 8 live tracks recorded at the Lowlands Festival in the Netherlands on August 27, 1995, opening for Green Day. "Riverdales"' new cover art featured a grainy photograph of the Chicago skyline.
Personnel.
Additional performers
Production

</doc>
<doc id="19628910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628910" title="Onésime Delafond">
Onésime Delafond

Henri-Mamert-Onésime Delafond (1805 – 1861) was a French veterinarian born in Saint-Amand-en-Puisaye, Nièvre department. Delafond was one of the primary representatives of veterinary science in France during the first half of the nineteenth century.
He served as a professor and director of the Maisons-Alfort veterinary school. He was a member of the Académie de Médecine and of the Société nationale d'agriculture.
Delafond is remembered for pioneer microscopic research of "Bacillus anthracis", the causative organism of anthrax. Also, with microbiologist David Gruby (1810–1898), he performed extensive investigations of "Tritrichomonas suis", a parasite found in swine. 
In 1842 with Gabriel Andral (1797–1876) and Jules Gavarret (1809–1890), he was co-author of an important treatise on domestic animal blood composition titled "Recherches sur la composition du sang de quelques animaux domestiques, dans l’état de santé et de maladie". With Honoré Bourguignon, he published "Traité pratique d'entomologie et de pathologie comparées de la psore ou gale de l'homme et des animaux domestiques" (Treatise on the entomology and comparative pathology of scabies affecting humans and domesticated animals).

</doc>
<doc id="19628933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628933" title="Williamsville, Vermont">
Williamsville, Vermont

Williamsville is an unincorporated community in the town of Newfane in Windham County, Vermont, United States. Baker Brook River passes through the community, which lies in the Green Mountains. Williamsville has its own Volunteer Fire Department, and Postal Office.

</doc>
<doc id="19628941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628941" title="Matt Belsante">
Matt Belsante

Matt Belsante (IPA: bel-SAN-tay) (born October 5, 1984) is an American big band singer/songwriter based in Nashville, Tennessee. Belsante's music encompasses jazz, pop and swing, reminiscent of the style of the crooners of the 1940s and 1950s.
Matt Belsante grew up listening to old Frank Sinatra records with his Grandfather and consumed a steady diet of John Coltrane, Duke Ellington, Count Basie and Ella Fitzgerald at home.
Just out of grade school, Belsante picked up the tenor sax at the age of twelve and became a standard fixture in his middle school and high school jazz bands. He soon found he had a talent for using his voice. By his Senior year at Neuqua Valley High School in Naperville, IL, Belsante had won the prestigious Louis Armstrong Jazz Award in both the vocal and instrumental categories. He was the first student from his school to achieve such a feat.
Belsante taught himself to play the guitar and began composing his own music the summer before he entered Nashville’s Vanderbilt University. Before the first day of class commenced, Billy Adair, Director of the Vanderbilt/Blair School of Music Blair Big Band, had already recruited Matt to sing for the Band. Soon, Matt was directing himself, leading the Dodecaphonics, an all-male a cappella campus group. Belsante graduated from Vanderbilt in 2006 with degrees in Engineering Science and Economics.
Belsante eventually came to the attention of Nashville’s well-heeled music industry following a performance of the Nashville Jazz Orchestra in 2006. That performance landed him a televised appearance as a featured entertainer for the Miss Tennessee Scholarship Pageant 2006, which eventually led him to GreenHill Music, where he recorded an album of Christmas standards for the independent label. That album, released in 2007, quickly became one of the label’s best selling holiday releases that season.
Following the release of "White Christmas," CBL Properties and their advertising agency, KMT Creative Group, tapped the Nashville based audio branding company iV music group to help develop an audio brand for a national campaign advertising CBL's mall properties across the country. iV music group suggested that Belsante become both the voice and the face of the campaign. As a result, Matt was featured in a series of spots on television, radio and internet.
Belsante finished recording his second album, "Blame It On My Youth," in 2008. The album is a series of covers of classic Jazz and Big Band standards, along with an original Belsante composition, "Haven't Got Much". The album was released on the Green Hill Music label in September, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19628943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628943" title="Negroland">
Negroland

Negroland or Nigritia, was a term invented and used by Europeans in colonial times, for an inland region in West African an area described as populated with "Negro people." The term "Nigritia" was used in 1823 to describe the region by Mercator's Chart. This area comprised at least the western part of the region called Sudan (not to be confused with the modern country). The term is probably a direct translation of the Arabic term Bilad Al Sudan meaning "Land of the blacks", corresponding to about the same area. Some of the greatest states of those considered part of Negroland was the Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate.
After about the 1960s, however, when civil rights started improving for people of African ancestry, the term "Negro" has been widely considered an ethnic slur in English-speaking countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19628945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628945" title="EuroChocolate">
EuroChocolate

EuroChocolate is an annual chocolate festival that takes place in Perugia, the capital of the Umbria region in central Italy. The festival has been held since 1993 and is one of the largest chocolate festivals in Europe. EuroChocolate draws nearly one million tourists and Italian natives each year. It lasts for nine days and is located in the squares and areas of Piazza Italia, Piazza della Repubblica, Corso Vannucci, Via Mazzini, Via Fani, The Terrace of the Covered Market, and Piazza IV Novembre.
Italy's most well-known chocolate company Perugina (now belonging to Nestlé), known for their Baci, is represented along with a number of other brands such as Lindt and Caffarel. EuroChocolate offers many snack and souvenir options such as chocolate covered bananas, chocolate liqueur, chocolate molds, and chocolate bricks.
EuroChocolate offers a variety of activities including chocolate art displays, experimental chocolate tastings, street performances, and chocolate sculpting. In recent years, an igloo has been constructed out of 3,600 kilograms of chocolate bricks. There is even an opportunity to make a chocolate day spa appointment. In 2003, the largest chocolate bar in the world was constructed. It measured to be more than 7 meters in length, two meters high and made with 5980 kilograms of dark chocolate and thousands of hazelnuts.
EuroChocolate has extended to other Italian cities such as Rome and Turin.

</doc>
<doc id="19628971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628971" title="GLBasic">
GLBasic

GLBasic is a commercial BASIC programming language, that can compile to various platforms, including Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, as well as some handheld devices. The language is designed to be simple and intuitive. 
Overview.
GLBasic started as an interpreted language with 2D commands but now uses the GCC compiler for many different platforms to achieve fast, native code results. The GLBasic precompiler "GPC" converts the simple BASIC language into C++ code and compiles that later. Thus, the user can extend GLBasic using the INLINE command to mix C/C++ code directly with GLBasic source code. Due to this, GLBasic can easily access third-party dynamic libraries on all platforms.
The GLBasic SDK comes with an IDE, debugger and a graphics engine built on OpenGL (or OpenGL|ES) for the platforms Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, iOS and WebOS. For handheld devices (Windows Mobile, GP2X and GP2X Wiz), GLBasic uses its own close-to-hardware routines for fast graphics.
To compile for the iPhone or iPad, you will need an iMac (on which to compile the generated code - to comply with Apple's requirements) and the latest version of Xcode, which is a free download from Apple. 
To be able to actually run the program on an iPhone or iPad (GLBasic programs will not work on the emulator), you need to be a member of the iPhone Apple Developer Connection.
Since the release of the 8.054 beta, it became possible to compile for the Open Pandora machine as well. However, with the lack of Windows programming tools half of the compiling process is performed on Windows, and the other half on the actual machine. Since version 10, the IDE directly builds packages on Windows for the Pandora.
Version 8.230 and above can compile for the WebOS devices like the Palm Pre without additional hardware or developer program membership requirements. Support for the HP TouchPad was added in September 2011 via a web-update.
Version 10.057 added support to build application packages running on Android devices.
GLBasic comes with numerous examples.
App Store / Online Shop acceptance.
iPhone created programs can be sold perfectly legitimately at the AppStore, with the review process might take up to two weeks.
Palm's WebOS App Catalog does accept GLBasic programs. The review process takes around 5 days.
Google's Android Market accepts packages created with GLBasic. There's no review process delay so far.
GLBasic has a wrapper for the Intel AppUp Center SDK as well.
Features.
GLBasic has the following features:
GUI system.
GLBasic comes with the source code to DDgui, an easy-to-use GUI system, allowing all supported platforms to have the same look at feel across all platforms.
For Windows, Linux and Mac GLBasic has ported a Tcl/Tk wrapper that offers a native OS look.
Versions.
GLBasic has gone through the following revisions :
Sample code.
Hello World
Limited Object Oriented Scope.
With Version 8, GLBasic added basic object oriented commands to the TYPE command. This allows structures to access itself (using the 'self' command) and to have functions within TYPEs
Simple OOP Test.
Version 8 also has the ability to encrypt (using 128-bit Blowfish) and decrypt strings.

</doc>
<doc id="19628986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19628986" title="Foley Park Halt railway station">
Foley Park Halt railway station

Foley Park Halt was the first stop on the Kidderminster to Bridgnorth railway. It was located where the railway went under Stourport Road, Kidderminster.
History.
Foley Park Halt opened in 1905 and was closed in 1970. When SVR services started operating, the station was not reopened.

</doc>
<doc id="19629016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629016" title="Alfenus Varus">
Alfenus Varus

Alfenus Varus was an ancient Roman jurist and writer who lived around the 1st century BC.
__FORCETOC__
Life.
Alfenus Varus (whose praenomen might have been Publius) was a pupil of Servius Sulpicius Rufus, and the only pupil of Servius from whom there are any excerpts in the "Pandects". Nothing is known about him except from a story preserved by the scholiast Helenius Acron, in his notes on the satires of Horace. The scholiast assumes the "Alfenus Vafer" of Horace to be the lawyer, and says that he was a native of Cremona, where he carried on the trade of a barber or a botcher of shoes, that he came to Rome to become a student of Servius, attained the dignity of consulship, and was honored with a public funeral.
Pomponius also states that Varus attained consulship, but this will not prove the rest of the scholiast's story to be true. The Publius Alfenius Varus who was consul in 2 AD can hardly be the pupil of Servius; and it is conjectured that he may have been the jurist's son. It is impossible to determine what credit is due to the scholiast on Horace: he must have found the story somewhere, or have invented it. Indeed he and other scholiasts do sometimes favor us with a commentary which tells us nothing more than the text. The fact of an Alfenus being a native of Cremona, and of an Alfenus having been a pupil of Servius, and a learned jurist, and of an Alfenus having been consul, is quite enough to enable a scholiast with the assistance of the passage in Horace to fabricate the whole story of Alfenus, as he has given it.
Works.
There are 54 excerpts in the "Pandects" from the 40 books of the "Digesta" of Alfenus; but it is conjectured that Alfenus may have acted only as the editor of the work of Servius. It appears from the fragments of Alfenus that he was acquainted with the Greek language, and these fragments show that he wrote in a pure and perspicuous style. A passage that appears in the "Pandects" shows that he was not a stranger to the speculations of the philosophers. According to Aulus Gellius, Alfenus was somewhat curious in matters of antiquity, and Gellius quotes a passage from the thirty-fourth book of his Digest in which Alfenus mentions one of the terms of a treaty between the Romans and the Carthaginians. Alfenus is often cited by later jurists. The fragments in the "Pandects" are taken from the second to the seventh books of the Digest and there are fragments from the eighth book taken from the epitome by the jurist Paulus. The entire number of books appears from the Florentine Index; the passage in Gellius quotes the thirty-fourth book; and a passage of Paulus cites the forty-ninth book. Whether the epitome of Paulus went further than the eighth book or not, is uncertain.
The passage in Gellius: ""Alfenus ... in libro Digestorum trigesimo et quarto, Conjectaneorum autem secundo"," ("Alfenus says in the Digest and in the Conlectanea") &c., has given rise to some discussion. It is clear that the passage in the Conlectanea is attributed to Alfenus, and it is also clear that only one passage is meant; or at most the same passage is referred to as being in two different works. But apparently only one work is meant, and therefore we must conclude that the "Digesta", which consisted of forty books, contained a subdivision called the Collectanea. Some critics have conjectured that the Conlectanea is the compilation of Aufidius Namusa, so that the passage cited by Gellius appeared in both the original work by Alfenus, and in the copious compilation of Namusa, which is made from Alfenus and other pupils of Servius.

</doc>
<doc id="19629020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629020" title="Bathyspondylus">
Bathyspondylus

Bathyspondylus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur. It was first described in 1982 from a specimen originally found in 1774, now housed at the Devizes Museum. Because it is known only from its fossil vertebrae (and so few of those have been recovered), paleontologists are not entirely sure of the taxonomy of "Bathyspondylus"; the family it belongs to is not currently known.
The type, and only known, species of "Bathyspondylus" is Bathyspondylus swindoniensis, which was described from the same material as its genus.
Etymology.
The genus name "Bathyspondylus" is a compound of two Greek roots: βαθυς ("bathys") 'deep' and σπονδυλος ("spondylos") 'vertebra'. It can thus be translated as "deep-vertebrae".
The species name "B. swindoniensis" refers to the town of Swindon in Wiltshire, near which the holotype specimen was discovered.
Description.
"Bathyspondylus" had centra set fairly deep in the vertebrae relative to its length, as its name (the Greek words for "deep-vertebrae") would suggest. The vertebrae themselves are short antero-posteriorly and can be flat or concave on their terminal faces. The holotype specimen, from 1774, appears to have features of both pliosauroids and plesiosauroids incorporated into its bones.
Distribution.
"Bathyspondylus" lived during the Kimmeridgian faunal stage of the Jurassic period, which occurred roughly 155 to 150 million years ago. The first of its fossils came from deposits near Swindon in Wiltshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19629038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629038" title="Bungulla, Western Australia">
Bungulla, Western Australia

Bungulla is a small town located on the Great Eastern Highway in the central Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The town came into being as a railway station on the line to Merredin. Its name is Aboriginal in origin; the word "Bun-Galla" means the part of the body situated above the hips. The townsite was gazetted in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="19629047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629047" title="Xs on Your Eyes">
Xs on Your Eyes

Xs on Your Eyes is the fourth album by +/-, released in late October 2008. An instrumental version of the song "You'll Catch Your Death" was used as menu loop background music in the band's 2007 "Self Titled Debut Digital Video Disc" DVD release. A music video for the song "Snowblind", directed by Nancy Mitchell, was released on 29 October 2008. The track "The Hours You Keep" appears as background music in Series 1 Episode 9 of Crash.

</doc>
<doc id="19629048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629048" title="Super Chinese Land 1-2-3">
Super Chinese Land 1-2-3


</doc>
<doc id="19629052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629052" title="Franz Lemnitz">
Franz Lemnitz

Franz Lemnitz (11 July 1890 – 1942) was a German road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Tollwitz.
In 1912 he was a member of the German cycling team which finished sixth in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 26th.

</doc>
<doc id="19629054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629054" title="Lise Haavik">
Lise Haavik

Lise Haavik (born February 23, 1962) is a Danish/Norwegian singer, best known for representing Denmark at the Eurovision Song Contest in Bergen, Norway in 1986. She is also well-known domestically for her partnership in the duo Trax with John Hatting her ex-husband.
Biography.
Early life.
Lise Haavik was born in Narvik, Norway on February 23, 1962. She moved to Denmark in 1982 to study economics at the University of Odense and the Copenhagen Business School. Haavik partnered with John Hatting in late 1983 and they soon married. At that point, she pursued music full-time and stopped her economics studies.
Musical career.
One year after moving to Denmark, Haavik entered the weekly magazine "Se & Hør" ("See and Hear") amateur song contest, where she placed second. She soon after met John Hatting late in 1983 when he advertised through a record company for a female singer with whom he could start a duo. The company sent Haavik, and they formed the duo "Trax".
She represented Denmark in the 1986 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Du er fuld af løgn" ("You are full of lies"). While both partners were present at the Contest, only Haavik sang and was credited during the performance (Hatting would be credited earlier on as composer). The song was successful in the Contest, placing sixth out of 20 entries that evening. This would be the only time Haavik would appear at Eurovision, having tried and failed to represent Denmark in 1984 and 1985. She also made an attempt to represent Norway in 1988.
Haavik continues to work in music, with her most recent offering, the English language "Cry Me a River", released in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19629057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629057" title="Miss No Good">
Miss No Good

Miss No Good () is a 2008 Taiwanese drama starring Rainie Yang, Wilber Pan and Dean Fujioka. It was produced by Comic Ritz International Production (可米瑞智國際藝能有限公司) with Chai Zhiping (柴智屏) as producer and directed by Zhang Boyu (張博昱).
The series was first broadcast in Taiwan on free-to-air Chinese Television System (CTS) (華視) from 7 September 2008 to 7 December 2008, every Sunday from 22:00 to 23:30 and cable TV Eastern Television (ETTV) (東森電視) from 13 September 2008 to 13 December 2008, every Saturday at 20:00 to 21:30.
In August 2009- October 2009 an international broadcast on leading Filipino network ABS-CBN aired and dubbed in Tagalog on its Afternoon block it also had a re broadcast on its sister channel Studio 23 the series also reaired successfully in January 2010 on its morning back entitled Miss No Good:The Return
Synopsis.
Xiaohua (Rainie Yang) is a bubbly girl with her own unique sense of style, and has no intention of changing the way on how she looks and dresses until the return of her elementary school classmate, Jia Sile (Dean Fujioka), convinces her otherwise. Jia Sile is deeply in love with Xiaohua, because of their history. He then does whatever he can to get Xiaohua to be his girlfriend, despite coming back to Taiwan for an arranged marriage with Jiang Mi (Michelle Chen).
One day, when her motorcycle broke down, Xiaohua meets Tang Men (Wilber Pan)-- the famous, poison-tongued stylist, who happens to be Jia Sile's best friend. The two share a taxi, only to argue over each other's sense of style which results in Tang Men angrily storming out, unwittingly leaving behind his set of expensive scissors.
Later, Jia Sile holds an elementary school reunion party and invites both Tang Men and Xiaohua. Tang Men meets Jiang Mi, who tells him that she and Si Le gave each other one year to find their true loves before submitting to his parents' will and marrying. After being pushed into a swimming pool and being told by her former classmates that she has no sense of style, Xiaohua decides she will change her image so as to prevent embarrassing Si Le.
The next day, when Tang Men's assistant comes to Xiaohua's shop to look for the lost pair of scissors, Xiaohua decides to use them to blackmail Tang Men and get him to teach her how to be an upper-class woman. As Tang Men and Xiaohua spend more time together, they slowly begin to realize their feelings for one another, though they initially denies them. Meanwhile, Jiang Mi, who is dating Tang Men, asks him to get close to Xiaohua so that she can get Si Le back. Tang Men, who had found Xiaohua annoying and loud, suddenly sees her inner beauty and falls in love with her without even realizing it.
Eventually, Jia Sile and Xiaohua began dating, much to the dislike of Jia Sile's mother, Ye An. However, things take a turn when Jia Sile finds out that Tang Men is in love with Xiaohua. They then each try to get her to love them. It is also later discovered that Ye An is actually Xiaohua's birth mother and therefore Xiaohua is Jia Sile's step-sister (as Ye An is his step-mother). 
Tang Men is then offered a teaching position at a newly opened school in Germany and intends to ask Xiaohua to join him. Jia Sile, in his last attempt to win over Xiaohua, is preparing to propose to her at dinner when he got involved in a car accident and falls into a coma. Tang Men, filled with guilt over Jia Sile's current condition, decides that Jia Sile needs Xiaohua more than ever and decided to leave for Germany alone. 
On the day of Tang Men's departure, Jia Sile awakens and realizes that Xiaohua and him are not suited for each other. He then tells Xiaohua to go after Tang Men. At the airport, Xiaohua finally confesses her love for Tang Men and begs him to stay in Taiwan, even though Tang Men had already signed the contract to go to Germany. Nonetheless, Xiaohua promises to wait for him. 
2 years had passed by. Xiaohua had returned to her old ways, with her own unique style and curly hair. Jia Sile and Jiang Mi are now a happy couple and still stay in contact with Xiaohua. One chilly night in December, Xiaohua ends up sharing a cab with a stranger that actually turns out to be Tang Men. The story ends with Tang Men promising to return after another 3 years to marry Xiaohua.
Multimedia.
Music.
The track "夏日瘋" (Summer Craze) is listed at number 52 on Hit Fm Taiwan's "Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart" (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2008.
Note: The songs by Rainie Yang were released on her 4th album "Not Yet a Woman" and by Wilber Pan on his compilation album "Will's Future (Trend Expert limited Edition)".

</doc>
<doc id="19629058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629058" title="List of A Certain Magical Index episodes">
List of A Certain Magical Index episodes

The anime is a production of J.C.Staff directed by Hiroshi Nishikiori, series composition by Masanao Akahoshi, music by Maiko Iuchi, character design by Yuichi Tanaka and art and sound direction by Yasunori Ebina respectively. The anime adaptation was confirmed on June 3, 2008 in the sixteenth volume of "Toaru Majutsu no Index", and the official website began to stream promotional videos on July 7, 2008. The episodes began airing on October 4, 2008 on Mainichi Broadcasting System, Chiba TV, and TV Kanagawa. They were also broadcast at later dates on Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting and TV Saitama. Eight DVD compilations, each containing three episodes and a mini "Toaru Kagaku no Railgun" novel written by Kazuma Kamachi and art by Motoi Fuyukawa, were released between January 23, 2009 and August 21, 2009 by Geneon Entertainment.
Four pieces of theme music are used for the episodes: two opening and two ending themes. The first opening theme is "PSI-Missing" by Mami Kawada, used from episodes 1 to 16 (corrected in the DVD version to episode 14). From episode 17 (episode 15 in the DVD version) onwards, a second opening theme, "Masterpiece" by Mami Kawada, was used. The first ending theme is by Iku. From episode 20 onwards, a second ending theme called , also by Iku, was used.
A second season, titled "Toaru Majutsu no Index II", aired in Japan between October 8, 2010 and April 1, 2011. The opening theme music of "Index II", which aired from episode 1 to 16, is "No Buts!" by Mami Kawada and was released on November 3, 2010. The first ending theme music of "Index II" which aired from episode 1 to 13 is "Magic∞world" by Maon Kurosaki and the single was released on November 24, 2010. The second ending theme music which aired from episode 14 is by Maon Kurosaki and will be released on March 2, 2011. The second opening theme starting from episode 17 onwards is "See Visions" by Mami Kawada, released on February 16, 2011.
Bonus episodes.
Bonus segments entitled "Toaru Majutsu no Index-tan", which is a parody of a similar segment from the "Shakugan no Shana" series, are included with certain volume releases, featuring various outtake moments from the series, as well as a chibified Index. These segments are not included in the North American releases.
Blu-ray and DVD releases.
The first Blu-ray and DVD compilation for the series was released on January 23, 2009, with one scheduled for each month until all episodes were collected into eight volumes. Each volume contains 3 episodes. A DVD Box Set of the first season of "Index" was released on December 22, 2010 containing the first twelve episodes of the season, with a second Box Set scheduled to be released on March 9, 2011 containing the rest of the season. The first Blu-ray and DVD compilation of the second season of "Index" was released on January 26, 2011, and followed the same model as the first season's Blu-ray and DVD release schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="19629076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629076" title="Phase Three">
Phase Three

Phase 3 is the third studio album by the American punk rock band The Riverdales. It was released in 2003 through 1-4-5 Records. It was the first new Riverdales album in five years. It was also the first Riverdales album to feature drummer Dan Lumley. It was re-released on October 7, 2008 by Asian Man Records, who had also reissued the band's first album "Riverdales" in 2006. The album was completely re-mixed and re-mastered, including five previously unreleased songs and new artwork. Four of the bonus tracks were totally new and one was a new arrangement and recording of "Mental Retard" (from the "Storm the Streets" album). Although the reissue was advertised as having re-recorded vocals, Ben Weasel has stated that this is not correct. The lyrics to the song "Last Stop Tokyo" are printed on the back of the CD insert and was the first time that the Riverdales released any lyrics to the public. Although written by Ben Foster, the song "Wait It Out" was first recorded by The Lillingtons on their 2001 album "The Backchannel Broadcast". Since the relationship between Asian Man and all Ben Weasel related music is now severed, the album may be re-issued yet again sometime in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19629078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629078" title="Rudolf Baier">
Rudolf Baier

Rudolf Baier (born 22 March 1892, date of death unknown) was a German road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
In 1912, he was a member of the German cycling team which finished sixth in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 27th.

</doc>
<doc id="19629104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629104" title="Nicole Craig">
Nicole Craig

Nicole Craig is poet, short-story writer, editor, copy writer, artist and curator from Trinidad and Tobago.
Early life.
Born in Trinidad and Tobago, to Lorna Craig and Clyde Telesford and is the youngest sister of Cleveland Telesford and Osborne Craig. She attended Nelson Street Girls RC School, Success Laventille Composite School, Barataria Secondary Comprehensive School and The University Of The West Indies St. Augustine where she received a Bachelor of Arts degree in History.
Career.
Nicole Craig has spent over 11 years in the Advertising Industry in Trinidad and Tobago and has worked for such notable companies as McCann Erickson, Lonsdale Saatchi and Saatchi and its group of companies.
She has had several successful art exhibitions, and is known throughout the art world for her interesting uses of art to mirror deities and real life situations with a style that is uniquely her own.This style gained her a spot on the Absolut Vodka, Absolut Connections art tour through the Caribbean and Latin America
Currently she is a freelance copy writer, professional artist, freelance curator, and entrepreneur.
One Voice at Vino.
Nicole was the first performer at One Voice @ Vino and is the current curator for its art program.
Awards.
During her tenure in advertising she has won the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19629115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629115" title="Olor">
Olor

An olor is a piece of cowhide or plastic tied onto a male goat like a skirt. It is used by Kenyan goatherders to prevent bucks from impregnating the female goats during times of drought.

</doc>
<doc id="19629119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629119" title="Oswald Rathmann">
Oswald Rathmann

Oswald Rathmann (born 21 July 1891, date of death unknown) was a German road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Glatz.
In 1912 he was a member of the German cycling team which finished sixth in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 33rd.

</doc>
<doc id="19629122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629122" title="Crime Aid">
Crime Aid

"Crime Aid" is the fifth episode of the fifth season of the television series "The Office", and the show's seventy-seventh episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on October 23, 2008 on NBC.
In this episode, Michael and Holly allow the office to be robbed after having sex in the office twice and forgetting to lock the door, so Michael organizes an auction to raise money. Meanwhile, Dwight insists that Angela make a decision between him and Andy.
Plot.
Pam (Jenna Fischer) finds that living in New York has become too expensive. Michael (Steve Carell) helps her by getting her a job at the Dunder Mifflin corporate office.
It is revealed that Michael and Holly (Amy Ryan) are dating. One night, the two have sex in the stairwell in the office building and forget to lock the building door. As a result, thieves break in to the building and the Dunder Mifflin office and steal the computers and various other belongings. Realizing the robbery was their fault, Michael and Holly decide to set up an auction in the warehouse to raise money to match the value of items stolen. Jim (John Krasinski) finds a message from the night before on his work phone from an intoxicated Pam, who was out with friends at the time, and Jim jokingly remarks that she is the "future mother of my children".
Michael allows all the staff to auction off any item they choose. Holly decides to auction off a yoga lesson, which Michael is the only one to place a bid for, and Phyllis decides to auction off a hug. Darryl (Craig Robinson) auctions off an opportunity for someone to join him and the rest of the warehouse workers at a bar for beers at that exact moment. Michael tries to make a bid, but Darryl denies his bid, saying it would be a "conflict of interests". Jim makes a bid, which Darryl immediately accepts, and they leave. The auction seems to be a complete failure until CFO David Wallace (Andy Buckley) arrives to help raise money by auctioning off a weekend at his place in Martha's Vineyard.
Meanwhile, Angela (Angela Kinsey) and Andy (Ed Helms) have set a date for their wedding, which upsets Dwight (Rainn Wilson). Phyllis (Phyllis Smith), knowing Dwight's connection with Angela, attempts to console him. She suggests that he give Angela an ultimatum: call off the wedding or lose out on him. Angela ultimately says no to Dwight, so he asks Phyllis for more advice. Phyllis tells him that since she rejected him and his ultimatum that he should move on. Dwight then becomes bitter towards Phyllis, but later realizes she was trying to help, so he shows his appreciation by bidding for her hug auction, which he loses to her husband (Robert R. Shafer). The hug actually sells for $1,000, after Bob outbids Andy, David Wallace and Dwight.
At the bar, Jim encounters Pam's ex Roy (David Denman), who joins him and the warehouse workers for some beers. Jim reveals to Roy that he is engaged to Pam, which Roy congratulates him on, and also mentions that Pam is at art school in New York. He tells Roy about the night before which she spent with friends, to which he responds that he thought Jim was her friend, visibly bothering him. Jim then decides to drive to New York to visit Pam, but just before he gets on I-80 to get to New York, turns around because he is "not that guy and [they're] not that couple". 
The most anticipated item at the auction is a pair of front row Bruce Springsteen tickets from Michael, and when it becomes time to open the bid for them, Michael claims he cannot find them and tells everyone that they were stolen in the robbery. At the end of the episode, Michael tells Holly that he lied about the tickets being stolen and about the tickets in general, though Holly already figured he did not have them. They kiss, catching the eye of a visibly displeased David Wallace, who when asked by the camera crew, admits he was unaware that Michael and Holly were romantically involved.
Reception.
"Crime Aid" was voted the tenth highest-rated episode out of 26 from the fifth season, according to an episode poll at the fansite "OfficeTally"; the episode was rated 8.35 out of 10. After the initial airing of the show, there was a flood of attempted creations of the Wikipedia entry Office Robbery Statistics, because of Michael's line "It is not known how many office robberies occur every second, because there is no Wikipedia entry for Office Robbery Statistics". Eventually, Office Robbery Statistics was redirected to this page, to prevent further attempted creations.
For his work on this episode, Charlie Grandy was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Screenplay – Episodic Comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="19629146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629146" title="Georg Warsow">
Georg Warsow

Georg Warsow (born 22 September 1877, date of death unknown) was a German road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bütow.
In 1912 he was a member of the German cycling team which finished sixth in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 36th.

</doc>
<doc id="19629182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629182" title="Record Hospital">
Record Hospital

Record Hospital is the underground rock department on the Boston-area radio station, WHRB 95.3 FM. Harvard undergraduates and alums serve as the department's DJs and hold administrative positions within the department such as Music Director. "Departments" at WHRB refer to a group of members who work collaboratively on a specific area of the station's operations (i.e. Business, Classical Music, Jazz, Record Hospital, etc.) Record Hospital is usually referred to as "RH" by members of WHRB.
Overview.
"Record Hospital" began in 1984 as the name of the new WHRB program aired by the station's Rock Department, replacing the department's "Plastic Passions" program. It was started by a small group of dedicated DJs who were interested in broadcasting music that did not have a significant presence in mainstream radio or other media, notably Patrick Amory and Jim Barber. It has continued in this same vein and plays a variety of punk, hardcore, indie pop, noise, psychedelic, no wave, and other forms of underground or experimental music. The music played generally falls under the DIY ethic.
History.
Record Hospital's predecessor program at WHRB's Rock Department (as it was then called) was Plastic Passions. The Plastic Passions show took its name from a song of the same name by The Cure.
Rock Comment Book.
Since its inception, Record Hospital DJs have maintained a "Rock Comment Book" (RCB) to keep in touch with the rest of the department and keep up to date with the changing national music scene. These books are all kept in the department's record library and are accessible to all members. The Boston Phoenix conducted an interview with current members in Spring 2008, presented a sampling of old RCBs, and described them as "Pre-Internet Message Boards."
Record Hospital Fest.
The department hosts an annual fest every spring. Past performers have included Ampere, Off Minor, Daniel Striped Tiger, Sinaloa, Death to Tyrants, Lucky Dragons, Dreamhouse, Carlos Giffoni, Tim Hecker, The Body, Heathen Shame, Libyans, Social Circkle, Brain Killer, Tiny Hawks, and the Skaters.
In-studio Bands.
Record Hospital has been known to host a number of local and touring bands in the station for live broadcasts of their sets as well as for recordings. Past bands have included Ho-Ag, Caspian, Conversions, Daniel Striped Tiger, The Folk Implosion, Portraits of Past, and Brain Killer.
Famous alumni.
Alumni from the department, referred to as "ghosts," have become well known as writers, journalists, music industry executives, and musicians themselves. A few of the more notable "ghosts" include Patrick Amory, journalist Kelefa Sanneh, writer Douglas Wolk, blogger Peter Rojas, writer Zach Baron, James Barber (ex-Geffen exec; former boyfriend of Courtney Love), literary critic Stephen Burt, members of Fat Day, Eloe Omoe, Lucky Dragons, Miss Teen Schnauzer, and Bishop Allen (formerly in the group Pissed Officers).

</doc>
<doc id="19629189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629189" title="Giorgos Gavriilidis">
Giorgos Gavriilidis

Giorgos Gavriilidis (Greek: Γιώργος Γαβριηλίδης; 1906 – July 23, 1982) was a Greek actor.
He was the husband of Marika Krevata (1910 - September 14, 1994). He was marked out from the theatre and played roles in many comedies in the cinema and later on television.
He died on July 23, 1982 from pneumonic edema and was buried at the Third Cemetery in Nikaia north of Piraeus and west of Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="19629193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629193" title="Evil Penguins">
Evil Penguins

Evil Penguins: When Cute Penguins Go Bad (2008) is the first published work by author/illustrator Elia Anie. It is a collection of dark humor cartoons in the style of "The Book of Bunny Suicides" and "The Far Side".
Overview.
The cartoons depict penguins, a normally innocent animal, performing various acts of harassment, mayhem and evil. There are drawings of penguins leading revolts, giving SpongeBob a swirly, causing plagues, clubbing baby seals, killing Inuit while dressed as ninjas, and wreaking havoc in dozens of other ways. Some popular culture references are used, such as borrowing a concept from the movie "A Clockwork Orange", while others make reference to major historical events.
"Evil Penguins" is published in (at least) the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Sweden, Italy, and Australia. At least two different cover designs are used, depending on the publishing country. To date, there has been an aggressive marketing campaign in England, including humans dressed up in penguin costumes and causing trouble for locals at the park, on the street corner, and in a bookstore.
As a dark humor cartoon book, "Evil Penguins" shares similarities with "The Far Side" and "The Book of Bunny Suicides", including the use of animals, offbeat humor, and a general format of mostly single box cartoons.
In 2008, "Evil Penguins" was a bestselling cartoon humor book in the United Kingdom. 
In 2009, the author released a follow-up work entitled "Evil Cats".

</doc>
<doc id="19629196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629196" title="Peter Feit">
Peter Feit

Peter Feit (1883–1968) composed the melody of the Thai National Anthem. He was the son of a German immigrant and royal advisor for music (Jacob Feit).
His Thai name was Piti Wathayakon (ปิติ วาทยะกร) and his noble title was Phra Chen Duriyang (พระเจนดุริยางค์).

</doc>
<doc id="19629212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629212" title="David Stevenson (cyclist)">
David Stevenson (cyclist)

David M. Stevenson (born 17 January 1882, date of death unknown) was a Scottish road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Clough, Ireland.
In 1912 he was a member of the Scotland cycling team which finished fourth in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 41st.

</doc>
<doc id="19629283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629283" title="Human anus">
Human anus

The human anus (from Latin "anūs" meaning "ring", "circle") is the external opening of the rectum. Two sphincters control the exit of feces from the body during an act of defecation, which is the primary function of the anus. These are the internal anal sphincter and the external anal sphincter, which are circular muscles that normally maintain constriction of the orifice and which relaxes as required by normal physiological functioning. The inner sphincter is involuntary and the outer is voluntary. It is located behind the perineum which is located behind the vagina in females and behind the scrotum in males.
With anal sex, the anus can play a role in sexuality. Attitudes towards anal sex vary and it is illegal in some countries. The anus is often considered a taboo part of the body, and it is known by a large number of usually vulgar slang terms. The anus is also the site of potential infections and other conditions, including cancer. The traditional polite synonym for anus was , though this euphemism is rarely heard now that medical terms are widely acceptable.
Structure.
The anus is the final component of the gastrointestinal tract, and directly continues from the rectum. The anus passes through the pelvic floor. The anus is surrounded by muscles. The top and bottom of the anus are surrounded by the internal and external anal sphincters, two muscular rings which control defeaecation.
The anus is surrounded in its length by folds called anal valves, which converge at a line known as the pectinate line. This represents the point of transition between the hindgut and the ectoderm in the embryo. Below this point, the mucosa of the internal anus becomes skin. 
Histology.
The pseudostratified columnar epithelium of the gastrointestinal tract transitions to stratified squamous epithelium at the pectinate line. The stratified squamous epithelium gradually accumulates sebaceous and apocrine glands. 
Development.
During puberty, as testosterone triggers androgenic hair growth on the body, pubic hair begins to appear around the anus. Although initially sparse, it fills out by the end of puberty, if not earlier. However, in some ethnicities, androgenic hair is less common.
Function.
Defecation.
Intra-rectal pressure builds as the rectum fills with feces, pushing the feces against the walls of the anal canal. Contractions of abdominal and pelvic floor muscles can create intra-abdominal pressure which further increases intra-rectal pressure. The internal anal sphincter (an involuntary muscle) responds to the pressure by relaxing, thus allowing the feces to enter the canal. The rectum shortens as feces are pushed into the anal canal and peristaltic waves push the feces out of the rectum. Relaxation of the internal and external anal sphincters allows the feces to exit from the anus, finally, as the levator ani muscles pull the anus up over the exiting feces.
Pathology.
Diseases of the anus include anal cancer, abscess, warts, fistula, anal fissure, itching and hemorrhoid. The anus is also a frequent site of sexually transmitted infections. Birth defects of the anus include stenosis and imperforation. These benefit from surgical intervention. Damaged anal sphincter (patulous anus in more severe cases) — caused by careless or sometimes necessarily sacrificial surgery in the perineal region or by rough/abrupt penetration in anal sex— can lead to flatus and/or fecal incontinence, chronic constipation and, ultimately, megacolon.
In psychology the Freudian term anal fixation is used.
Society and culture.
Sexuality.
The anus has a relatively high concentration of nerve endings and is an erogenous zone, which can make anal intercourse pleasurable for both the insertive partner and the receptive partner. Sigmund Freud's theory of psychosexual development, for example, described an anal stage, hypothesizing that toddlers derive pleasure from retaining and expelling feces. This is the source of the term "anal-retentive" and the derived, derogatory vulgarism "anal".
In addition to nerve endings, pleasure from anal intercourse occurs due to the shared wall between the anus and the prostate for males and vagina/G-Spot for females. This allows for indirect stimulation of the G-Spot or clitoral legs in women, and prostate in men. For a male insertive partner, the tightness of the anus can be a source of pleasure via the tactile pressure on the penis. Pleasure from the anus can also be achieved through anal masturbation, fingering, fisting, facesitting, anilingus, and other penetrative and non-penetrative acts. Anal stretching can stimulate the nerves around the anus and can be considered pleasurable. Care must be taken to maintain elasticity. Lubricant is widely regarded as a necessity while performing anal sex.
Anal intercourse is sometimes referred to as sodomy or buggery, and is considered taboo in a number of legal systems. It has been, and in some jurisdictions continues to be, a crime carrying severe punishment.
Hygiene.
To prevent diseases of the anus and to promote general hygiene, humans often clean the exterior of the anus after emptying the bowels. A rinse with water from a bidet or a wipe with toilet paper are often used for this purpose, though anal cleansing practices vary greatly between cultures.
Cosmetics.
Shaving, trimming, depilatory (hair removal), or Brazilian waxing can clear the perineum of hair.
Anal bleaching is a process in which the anus and perineum, which may darken after puberty depending on individual genetics, is lightened for a more youthful appearance.
True anal piercing is rare because it may interfere with the function of the anus. However, surface piercings of the perineum are easier to care for and much more common.

</doc>
<doc id="19629315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629315" title="Bloody Mary (cocktail)">
Bloody Mary (cocktail)

A Bloody Mary is a popular cocktail containing vodka, tomato juice, and usually other spices or flavorings such as Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco sauce, piri piri sauce, beef consommé or bouillon, horseradish, celery, olive, salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, lemon juice, and celery salt. It has been called "the world's most complex cocktail."
History.
The Bloody Mary's origin is unclear. Fernand Petiot claimed to have invented the drink in 1921 while working at the New York Bar in Paris, which later became Harry's New York Bar, a frequent Paris hangout for Ernest Hemingway and other American expatriates. Two other claims have some plausibility. The first is that it was invented in the 1930s at New York’s 21 Club by a bartender named Henry Zbikiewicz, who was charged with mixing Bloody Marys. A second claim attributes its invention to the comedian George Jessel, who frequented the 21 Club. In 1939, Lucius Beebe printed in his gossip column "This New York" one of the earliest U.S. references to this drink, along with the original recipe: "George Jessel’s newest pick-me-up which is receiving attention from the town’s paragraphers is called a Bloody Mary: half tomato juice, half vodka."
Fernand Petiot seemed to corroborate Jessel's claim when the bartender spoke to "The New Yorker" magazine in July 1964, saying:
"I initiated the Bloody Mary of today," he told us. "Jessel said he created it, but it was really nothing but vodka and tomato juice when I took it over. I cover the bottom of the shaker with four large dashes of salt, two dashes of black pepper, two dashes of cayenne pepper, and a layer of Worcestershire sauce; I then add a dash of lemon juice and some cracked ice, put in two ounces of vodka and two ounces of thick tomato juice, shake, strain, and pour. We serve a hundred to a hundred and fifty Bloody Marys a day here in the King Cole Room and in the other restaurants and the banquet rooms."
Origin of the name.
The name "Bloody Mary" is associated with a number of historical figures — particularly Queen Mary I of England, who was nicknamed as such in "Foxe's Book of Martyrs" for attempting to re-establish the Catholic Church in Britain — and fictional women from folklore. Some drink aficionados believe the inspiration for the name was Hollywood star Mary Pickford. Others trace the name to a waitress named Mary who worked at a Chicago bar called the Bucket of Blood.
However, another argument for the origin of “Bloody Mary”, that the name in English simply arose from “a failure to pronounce the Slav syllables of a drink called Vladimir”
gains some credibility from the observation that the customer at Harry’s Bar in Paris for whom Fernand Petiot prepared the drink in 1920 was Vladimir Smirnov, of the Smirnoff vodka family.
Preparation and serving.
In the United States, the Bloody Mary is a common "Hair of the dog" drink, erroneously reputed to cure hangovers; however, the alcohol only numbs the discomfort (only rest, water, and electrolyte replacement can cure a hangover). Its reputation as a restorative beverage contributes to the popularity of the Bloody Mary in the morning and early afternoon, especially with brunch.
While there is not much complexity in mixing vodka and tomato juice, more elaborate versions of the drink have become trademarks of the bartenders who make them. A common garnish is a celery stalk when served in a tall glass, often over ice.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19629353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629353" title="Luang Saranuprapan">
Luang Saranuprapan

Luang Saranuprapan (1896–1954) wrote lyrics of the Thai National Anthem.
In 1939, when the name of the country was changed from Siam to Thailand, a competition was launched to create new lyrics, with those by Luang Saranuprapan winning.

</doc>
<doc id="19629367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629367" title="Australian Continuous Plankton Recorder Survey">
Australian Continuous Plankton Recorder Survey

Plankton respond rapidly to changes in the ocean environment compared to other marine animals such as fish, birds and mammals, which makes them ideal biological indicators of ecosystem change. 
AusCPR was initiated in 2007 and funding has been secured initially for four years, although it is envisaged that the survey will continue well into the future. 
The aims of the AusCPR survey are to: 
The AusCPR survey uses the Continuous Plankton Recorder (CPR), a device developed by pioneering British marine biologist Sir Alister Hardy. In 1931, this device formed the basis of the ongoing CPR survey of the North Atlantic. This survey is one of the longest running marine biological surveys in the world, and many climate related changes in the plankton have been observed over the past 70 years. 
The design of the CPR has remained fundamentally unchanged over time as the simple yet robust design is a key to its success as an effective plankton sampler. The key to its success as a frequent basin-scale sampler is that the device is towed behind ships of opportunity (SOOPs) unaccompanied by scientists or research staff, making it a cost-effective sampling platform. The CPR is towed at about 10 metres below the surface and for about 450 nautical miles (830 km) per ‘tow’. The plankton enters a small opening in the device and is trapped and preserved between two layers of silk mesh. In the laboratory the silk is unrolled and phytoplankton and zooplankton are counted and identified.
Data generated by the survey will be made freely available according to the Integrated Marine Observing System (IMOS)] data policy and will provide researchers and policy makers with environmental and climatic indicators on harmful algal blooms, eutrophication, pollution, climate change and fisheries. 
The AusCPR survey will collaborate with sister surveys, the SCAR Southern Ocean Continuous Plankton Recorder Survey and the Continuous Plankton Recorder in the North Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="19629375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629375" title="Princess Maria Ludwiga Theresia of Bavaria">
Princess Maria Ludwiga Theresia of Bavaria

Princess Maria Ludwiga Theresia of Bavaria (6 July 187210 June 1954) was a daughter of the last King of Bavaria, Ludwig III, and his wife, Maria Theresia of Austria-Este. Her husband, Prince Ferdinand Pius, Duke of Calabria, became the head of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies in 26 May 1934, thus she was titular queen consort of the Two Sicilies.
Marriage and issue.
Princess Maria Ludwiga Theresia married Prince Ferdinand Pius of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, eldest child of Prince Alfonso, Count of Caserta and his wife Princess Antonietta of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, on 31 May 1897 in Munich. The couple had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="19629412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629412" title="Gordon McCauley">
Gordon McCauley

Gordon McCauley (born March 9, 1972) is a cycling competitor for New Zealand. The five time winner of the New Zealand National Road Championship, competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne where he won a bronze medal in the Individual Time Trial.

</doc>
<doc id="19629432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629432" title="James Frazer (disambiguation)">
James Frazer (disambiguation)

James Frazer is the anthropologist and mythology writer James George Frazer.
James Frazer may also refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19629444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629444" title="Kagu">
Kagu

The Kagu or Cagou ("Rhynochetos jubatus") is a crested, long-legged, and bluish-grey bird endemic to the dense mountain forests of New Caledonia. It is the only surviving member of the genus Rhynochetos and the family Rhynochetidae, although a second species has been described from the fossil record. Measuring in length, it has pale grey plumage and bright red legs. Its 'nasal corns' are a unique feature not shared with any other bird. Almost flightless, it spends its time on or near the ground, where it hunts its invertebrate prey, and builds a nest of sticks on the forest floor. Both parents share incubation of single egg, as well as rearing the chick. It has proved vulnerable to introduced predators, and is threatened with extinction.
Taxonomy and systematics.
The Kagu's affinities are not too well resolved. It was long one of the most enigmatic birds and in more recent times usually affiliated with the Gruiformes. It was initially classed as a member of the clade Ardeidae because of the presence of powder down, similarities in plumage colour and internal anatomy, the colour of the chicks and eggs, an the change in colouration of the chick as it grows.
When seen as a gruiform, the Kagu is generally considered related to the extinct adzebills from New Zealand and the Sunbittern from Central and South America. Recent studies do indicate that the Sunbittern is the closest living relative of the Kagu. For example, Fain & Houde found these to be certainly sister taxa. They and the mesites did not group with traditional Gruiformes in their study, but instead with their proposed clade Metaves, which also includes the Hoatzin, pigeons, Caprimulgiformes, flamingos, tropicbirds, Apodiformes, sandgrouse and grebes. The internal structure of this group was not well resolvable by their data, although later studies confirmed a close relationship between the Kagu and Sunbittern. The Kagu and Sunbittern, and possibly the adzebills, seem to form a distinct Gondwanan lineage of birds, possibly one order, possibly more, though the relationships between them and groups previously considered related, such as the mesites and the "core Gruiformes," are not yet resolved. It is notable, however, that the Sunbittern and the mesites possess powder down too, whereas the "core Gruiformes" do not.
While the Kagu is the only living species in the clade Rhynochetidae, a larger species, the Lowland Kagu ("Rhynochetos orarius"), has been described from Holocene subfossil remains. The measurements of this species were 15% bigger than "Rhynochetos jubatus", with no overlap in measurements except those of the forelimbs. Given that the sites from which "R. orarius" remains have been recovered are all lowland sites, and that no fossils of "R. jubatus" have been found in these sites, the scientists that described the fossils have suggested that they represent highland and lowland species respectively. "R. orarius" is one of many species to have become extinct in New Caledonia after the arrival of humans. The validity of the species has been questioned by some authors, but accepted by others.
Etymology.
The generic name "Rhynochetos", and the clade name Rhynochetidae, are derived from the Greek "rhis" meaning nose and "chetos" meaning corn, referring to the corn-shaped flaps over the nostrils. The specific name "jubatus" is derived from the Latin "iabatus" meaning crested. The name kagu is derived from the Melanesian names for the species. The species is variously known as the "kavu" or "kagou" in the Kanak languages, and as the "cagou" in French (also used as an alternative spelling in English).
Description.
The Kagu is a ground-living bird, in length. The weight can vary considerably by individual and by season, ranging from . Its plumage is unusually bright for a bird of the forest floor; ash-grey and white coloured. There is little sexual dimorphism beyond a difference in the amount of barring in the primary feathers. It possesses powder downs which help keep it dry and insulate it in the extremes of New Caledonia's tropical climate. The crest, which is used to display to other members of the species, is barely noticeable when at rest but can be erected and fanned out. It is nearly flightless, using its wings for displays (its primary wing feathers are patterned), and for moving quickly through the forest. It can also use them to glide when fleeing danger. The wings are not reduced in size like some other flightless birds, and have a span of around , but they lack the musculature for flight. It possesses bright red legs which are long and strong, enabling the bird to travel long distances on foot and run quickly. It has large eyes, positioned so that they give good binocular vision which is helpful in finding prey in the leaf litter and seeing in the gloom of the forest. It possesses 'nasal corns', structures covering its nostrils, which are a feature not shared by any other bird. These are presumed to prevent particles entering the nostrils when probing in soil during feeding. Another unique characteristic of the species is that has only one-third the red blood cells and three times the hemoglobin per RBC compared to the usual situation in birds.
Kagus make a range of different sounds, most commonly while duetting in the morning, each duet lasting about 15 minutes.
Distribution and habitat.
The Kagu is endemic to the forests and shrubland of New Caledonia. Within that island group it is restricted to the main island of Grande Terre. There is no evidence that it occurred on the Loyalty Islands, although fossil remains of the extinct lowland form "R. orarius" have been found on the Ile des Pines. The Kagu is a habitat generalist and able to exist in a range of different forest types if sufficient prey is present, from rain forest to drier lowland forest. They are also able to feed in some drier shrubland associated with the island's ultrabasic rocks, although not in the low-prey, poor shrubland of this type. They are also absent from areas where extensive ground cover makes foraging difficult, such as grassland or areas with high fern cover, but may pass through such areas to reach other foraging areas. The species has undergone some range contraction due to hunting and predation by introduced species. Its original, pre-human distribution, and the extent to which it and its sister species "R. orarius" coexisted in lowland areas of New Caledonia, is still not fully understood and awaits further research into the subfossil record.
Behaviour and ecology.
Kagu are territorial, maintaining year-round territories of around 10-28 hectares (22-62 acres). Within the territory the pairs are solitary during the non-breeding season, and may have separate but overlapping foraging areas. The Kagu's crest and wings are used in territorial displays towards other Kagu, slightly different displays are used towards potential predators. Territorial disputes may be resolved by fighting using wings and bills, in the wild this seldom results in serious injuries.
Feeding.
The Kagu is exclusively carnivorous, feeding on a variety of animals with annelid worms, snails and lizards being amongst the most important prey items. Also taken are larvae, spiders, centipedes and insects such as grasshoppers, bugs, and beetles. The majority of the diet is obtained from the leaf litter or soil, with other prey items found in vegetation, old logs and rocks. Sometimes Kagus will hunt small animals in shallow water. Their hunting technique is to stand motionless on the ground or from an elevated perch, and silently watch for moving prey. They may stand on one foot and gently move the leaf litter with the other foot in order to flush prey. Having located prey they will move towards the prey and stand over it, ready to strike, or make a dash towards the prey from their watching location. If digging is required to obtain the prey this is done with the bill, the feet are not used to dig or scratch away debris.
Breeding.
Kagus are monogamous breeders, generally forming long-term pair bonds that are maintained for many years, even possibly life. Kagu can be long lived, with birds in captivity living for over 20 years. A single nesting attempt is made each year, although should the first nesting attempt fail a second attempt is made that year. A simple nest is constructed, which is little more than a heaped pile of leaves, although in some cases the egg may be laid directly on the ground. The nest is not concealed but is usually adjacent to a tree trunk, log or low vegetation. A single grey slightly blotched egg is laid which weighs 60-75 g. Incubation duties are shared by the parents. Each bird will incubate the egg for 24 hours, with the changeover occurring around noon each day. During each incubation stint the parent will remain on the egg the whole time except early in the morning, when the bird will briefly move away to call to its mate and occasionally forage quickly. The incubation period lasts for 33–37 days, which is long for the size of the egg. Offspring may remain in their parents' territory for many years after fledging, sometimes up to six years. These chicks do not help in incubating the eggs or raising the chicks, but nevertheless improve the breeding success of the parents. The older offspring do apparently help in territory defence, responding to playback of rivals and also participating in territorial fights, and it has been suggested that this should be treated as a form of cooperative breeding.
Status and conservation.
Concern was first raised about the future of the Kagu in 1904. It is threatened by the introduced cats, pigs and dogs. The bird was hunted to be sold as pets in Europe. The species was also trapped extensively for museums and zoos prior to being afforded protection. New Caledonia lacked mammals prior to the arrival of humans (except for bats), and many insular species have been negatively impacted by introduced mammals. Rats have a big impact on nestlings, accounting for 55% of nestling losses. The first concrete evidence for the effect of dogs came when a New Zealand researcher's study population was quickly exterminated by dogs in the 1990s, although suspicions about the importance of dogs and other predators had been voiced prior to this and dog control measures had been enacted in some areas in the 1980s. Its initial decline was caused by subsistence hunting, and by capture as pets. They also suffer from habitat loss, caused by mining and forestry. The Kagu is listed as endangered (CITES I), and enjoys full protection in New Caledonia. It has been the subject of highly dedicated conservation efforts, and is receptive to ex-situ conservation, breeding well in Nouméa Zoo. It is also prospering in Rivière Bleue Territorial Park, which has a pest management programme and has been the site of releases into the wild of the captive bred birds.
Relationship with humans.
The Kagu had a variable role in the lives of the Kanak tribes of New Caledonia. To the tribes found in the vicinity of Hienghène in the north of Grande Terre it plays a role in tribal traditions, with its name being given to people, its crest being used in the head-dresses of chiefs, and its calls being incorporated into war dances. The calls of the Kagu were considered messages to be interpreted by the chiefs. Kanaks in the vicinity of Houaïlou referred to the species as the "ghost of the forest".
The species was not discovered by European scientists until the French colonisation of New Caledonia in 1852 and was not described until a specimen was brought to the Colonial Exhibition in Paris in 1860. This led to a surge in scientific interest in the species, which resulted in many birds being trapped for museums and zoos. The species was also trapped for food, and was considered a delicacy by European colonisers. It was also fashionable to own Kagus as pets. A campaign was run between 1977-1982 to phase out the pet trade. Today Kagus are considered very important in New Caledonia; they are a high profile endemic emblem for the Territory. Its distinctive song used to be played to the nation every night as the island's TV station signed off the air. Its survival is considered important for the nation's economy and image.
Cultural depictions.
A pet Kagu performs a dance to music in E. R. Eddison's 1922 novel "The Worm Ouroboros".

</doc>
<doc id="19629452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629452" title="Aufidius Namusa">
Aufidius Namusa

Aufidius Namusa was a Roman jurist and writer of the 1st century BC. He was one of the numerous pupils of Servius Sulpicius Rufus. There were ten of Servius's students who wrote books (e.g. Alfenus Varus), and from the works of eight of them Namusa compiled a work which was distributed into one hundred and eighty parts or divisions ("libri"). The work of Namusa is cited by Ulpian, Javolenus, and Paulus; and we are thus made acquainted with some of the legal opinions of Servius.

</doc>
<doc id="19629473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629473" title="Sockstress">
Sockstress

Sockstress is a method that is used to attack servers on the Internet and other networks utilizing TCP, including Windows, Mac, Linux, BSD and any router or other internet appliance that accepts TCP connections. The method does this by attempting to use up local resources in order to crash a service or the entire machine, essentially a denial of service attack. 
Sockstress was developed as internal proof-of-concept by the late Jack C. Louis at Outpost24. Louis discovered anomalies using Unicornscan to test and probe networks for corporate security, which led to the development of Sockstress. The concept was first demonstrated in September 2008. The researchers had planned on releasing more details at the T2 conference in Finland where they demonstrated the attacks. They instead chose to continue to work closely with, and give more time to, the vendor and standards communities.
In a blog entry they said "We are not putting them vendors under undue pressure to get poorly implemented rushed fixes out."
About Sockstress.
Sockstress is a user-land TCP socket stress framework that can complete arbitrary numbers of open sockets without incurring the typical overhead of tracking state. Once the socket is established, it is capable of sending TCP attacks that target specific types of kernel and system resources such as Counters, Timers, and Memory Pools. Obviously, some of the attacks described here are considered "well known". However, the full effects of these attacks is less known. Further, there are more attacks yet to be discovered/documented. As researchers document ways of depleting specific resources, attack modules could be added into the sockstress framework.
The sockstress attack tool consists of two main parts:
1) Fantaip: Fantaip is a "Phantom IP" program that performs ARP for IP addresses. To use fantaip, type 'fantaip -i interface CIDR', Ex., 'fantaip -i eth0 192.168.0.128/25'. This ARP/Layer 2 function could optionally be provided by other means depending on the requirements of the local network topology. Since sockstress completes TCP sockets in user-land, it is not advisable to use sockstress with an IP address configured for use by the kernel, as the kernel would then RST the sockets. This is not strictly required as the use of a firewall to drop incoming packets with rst flag can be used to achieve the same goal and prevent the kernel from interfering with the attack vector.
2) Sockstress: In its most basic use, sockstress simply opens TCP sockets and sends a specified TCP stress test. It can optionally send an application specific TCP payload (i.e. 'GET / HTTP/1.0' request). By default, post attack it ignores subsequent communications on the established socket. It can optionally ACK probes for active sockets.
The attacks take advantage of the exposed resources the target makes available post handshake.
The client side cookies, heavily discussed in blogs, news and discussion lists, is an implementation detail of sockstress, and not strictly necessary for carrying out these attacks.
The attack scenarios.
Every attack in the sockstress framework has some impact on the system/service it is attacking. However, some attacks are more effective than others against a specific system/service combination.
Connection flood stress.
Sockstress does not have a special attack module for performing a simple connection flood attack, but any of the attack modules can be used as such if the -c-1 (max connections unlimited) and -m-1 (max syn unlimited) options are used. This would approximate the naptha attack by performing a connection flood, exhausting all available TCB's as described in the CPNI document in section 3.1.1
Example commands:
Zero window connection stress.
Create a connection to a listening socket and upon 3 way handshake (inside last ack) send 0 window.
Now the server will have to "probe" the client until the zero window opens up. This is the most simple of the attack types to understand. The result is similar to a connection flood, except that the sockets remain open potentially indefinitely (when -A/ACK is enabled). This is described in the CPNI document in section 2.2. A variation here would be to PSH a client payload (i.e. 'GET / HTTP/1.0') prior to setting the window to 0. This variation would be similar to what is described in the CPNI document section 5.1.1. A further variation would be to occasionally advertise a TCP window larger than 0, then go back to 0-window.
Good against:
services that have long timeouts
Example commands:
Small window stress.
Create a connection to a listening socket and upon 3 way handshake (inside last ack) set window size of 4 bytes, then create an ack/psh packet with a tcp payload (into a window that is hopefully large enough to accept it) with a window still set to 4 bytes. This will potentially cause kernel memory to be consumed as it takes the response and splits it into tiny 4 byte chunks. This is unlike a connection flood in that memory is now consumed for every request made. This has reliably put Linux/Apache and Linux/sendmail systems into defunct states. It is also effective against other systems. We expect this has similar effects to what is described in the CPNI document in the second to last paragraph of page 17.
Look at the payload.c file in the sockstress source. Look for the hport switch statement. In that section you can specify payloads to be sent to specific ports. It is most effective to send a payload that will generate as large of a response as possible (i.e. 'GET /largefile.zip').
Good against:
services that contain initial connection banners
services that accept an initial request and send a large response (for example a GET request against a large web page, or file download)
Example commands:
Segment hole stress.
Create a connection to a listening socket and upon 3 way handshake (inside last ack) send 4 bytes to the beginning of a window, as advertised by the remote system. Then send 4 bytes to end of window. Then 0-window the connection. Depending on the stack, this could cause the remote system to allocate multiple pages of kernel memory per connection. This is unlike a connection flood in that memory is now consumed for every connection made. This attack was originally created to target Linux. It is also quite effective against Windows. This is the attack we used in our sec-t and T2 demos. We expect this has similar effects to what is described in the CPNI document in section 5.2.2 5th paragraph and section 5.3.
Good against:
Stacks that allocate multiple pages of kernel memory in response to this stimulus
Example commands:
Req fin pause stress.
Create a connection to a listening socket. PSH an application payload (i.e. 'GET / HTTP/1.0'). FIN the connection and 0-window it. This attack will have very different results depending on the stack/application you are targeting. Using this against a Cisco 1700 (IOS) web server, we observed sockets left in FIN_WAIT_1 indefinitely. After enough of such sockets, the router could no longer communicate TCP correctly.
Look at the payload.c file in the sockstress source. Look for the hport switch statement. In that section you can specify payloads to be sent to specific ports. It is important that you send a payload that will look like a normal client to the application you are interacting with. Against our cisco 1700, while using this attack it was important to attack at a very slow rate.
Example commands:
Activate reno pressure stress.
Create a connection to a listening socket. PSH an application payload (i.e. 'GET / HTTP/1.0'). Triple duplicate ACK.
Look at the payload.c file in the sockstress source. Look for the hport switch statement. In that section you can specify payloads to be sent to specific ports. It is important that you send a payload that will look like a normal client to the application you are interacting with.
Good against:
Stacks that support this method of activating reno or similar scheduler functionality
Example commands:
Other Ideas.
Create a connection to a listening socket. PSH an application payload that will likely cause the application on the other side to close the socket (Target sends a FIN). ACK the FIN.
Good against:
Stacks that don't have a FIN_WAIT_2 timeout.
large congestion window stress
Effects of the attacks.
If the attacks are successful in initiating perpetually stalled connections, the connection table of the server can quickly be filled, effectively creating a denial of service condition for a specific service. In many cases we have also seen the attacks consume significant amounts of event queues and system memory, which intensifies the effects of the attacks. The result of which has been systems that no longer have event timers for TCP communication, frozen systems, and system reboots. The attacks do not require significant bandwidth.
While it is trivial to get a single service to become unavailable in a matter of seconds, to make an entire system become defunct can take many minutes, and in some cases hours. As a general rule, the more services a system has, the faster it will succumb to the devastating (broken TCP, system lock, reboot, etc.) effects of the attacks. Alternatively, attack amplification can be achieved by attacking from a larger number of IP addresses. We typically attack from a /29 through a /25 in our labs. Attacking from a /32 is typically less effective at causing the system wide faults.
Exploitation caveats.
The attack requires a successful TCP 3 way handshake to effectively fill the victims connection tables. This limits the attack's effectiveness as an attacker cannot spoof the client IP address to avoid traceability.
A sockstress style exploit also needs access to raw sockets on the attacking machine because the packets must be handled in userspace rather than with the OS's connect() API.
Raw sockets are disabled on Windows XP SP2 and above, but device drivers are readily available to put this facility back into Windows. The exploit is able to be executed as-is on other platforms with raw sockets such as *nix and requires root (superuser) privileges.
Mitigation.
Since an attacker must be able to establish TCP sockets to affect the target, white-listing access to TCP services on critical systems and routers is the currently most effective means for mitigation. Using IPsec is also an effective mitigation.
According to the Cisco Response the current mitigation advice is to only allow trusted sources to access TCP-based services. This mitigation is particularly important for critical infrastructure devices. Red Hat has stated that "Due to upstream's decision not to release updates, Red Hat do not plan to release updates to resolve these issues; however, the effects of these attacks can be reduced." On Linux using iptables with connection tracking and rate limiting can limit the impact of exploitation significantly.

</doc>
<doc id="19629501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629501" title="KKAM">
KKAM

KKAM (1340 AM) (branded as "SportsRadio 1340 The Fan") is a radio station broadcasting a sports radio format. Licensed to Lubbock, Texas, USA. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
KKAM signed on in 1953 as a Class IV AM station with the call letters KDUB. KFYO originally occupied the 1340 frequency in Lubbock, but moved to 790AM in January 1953. Other call letters used in KKAM's history include KLBK, KMKM and KFMX. 
KKAM became Lubbock's first All-Sports radio station in November 1996, segueing from a News/Talk/Sports/Ag News format. Personalities that have worked at KKAM throughout its history include Ryan Hyatt, Mark Finkner, Jack Dale, Steve Dale, Don Williams, Scott Fitzgerald, Johnny May, Jim Stewart and Misty. 
On May 4, 2009 SportsRadio 1340 rebranded itself SportsRadio 1340 The Fan and added Dan Patrick, Jim Rome and Tony Bruno to the daily lineup. On May 28, 2009 SportsRadio 1340 The Fan changed network affiliations from ESPN to Sporting News Radio

</doc>
<doc id="19629505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629505" title="Yang Bo">
Yang Bo

Yang Bo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19629511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629511" title="Sodom and Gomorrah">
Sodom and Gomorrah

Sodom and Gomorrah (; ) were cities mentioned in the Book of Genesis and throughout the Hebrew Bible, the New Testament and in deuterocanonical sources, as well as the Qur'an. Whether or not they ever existed is disputed by archaeologists.
According to the Torah, the kingdoms of Sodom and Gomorrah were allied with the cities of Admah, Zeboim and Bela. These five cities, also known as the "cities of the plain", were situated on the Jordan River plain in the southern region of the land of Canaan. The plain, which corresponds to the area just north of the modern-day Dead Sea, was compared to the garden of Eden as being a land well-watered and green, suitable for grazing livestock.
Divine judgment by God was then passed upon Sodom and Gomorrah and two neighboring cities, which were completely consumed by fire and brimstone. Neighboring Zoar (Bela) was the only city to be spared. In Abrahamic religions, Sodom and Gomorrah have become synonymous with impenitent sin, and their fall with a proverbial manifestation of divine retribution. Sodom and Gomorrah have been used as metaphors for vice and homosexuality viewed as a deviation. The story has therefore given rise to words in several languages, including the English word "sodomy", used in sodomy laws to describe a sexual "crime against nature" consisting of anal or oral sex, either homosexual or heterosexual, or sexual activity between a person and a non-human animal (bestiality). Some Islamic societies incorporate punishments associated with Sodom and Gomorrah into sharia law.
Etymology.
The name Sodom is derived from , and Greek "Sódoma". The name Gomorrah is derived from , and Greek / "Gómorrha". The exact original meanings of the names are uncertain. The name "Sodom" could be a word from an early Semitic language ultimately related to the Arabic "sadama", meaning "fasten", "fortify", "strengthen", and Gomorrah could be based on the root "gh m r", which means "be deep", "copious (water)".
Historicity.
The historicity of Sodom and Gomorrah is still in dispute by archaeologists, as little archaeological evidence has ever been found in the regions where they were supposedly situated. There are some other stories and historical names which bear a resemblance to the Biblical stories of Sodom and Gomorrah, and some possible natural explanations for the events described have been proposed, but no widely accepted or strongly verified sites for the cities have been found.
Strabo states that locals living near Moasada (as opposed to Masada) say that "there were once thirteen inhabited cities in that region of which Sodom was the metropolis". Strabo identifies a limestone and salt hill at the south western tip of the Dead Sea, and Kharbet Usdum ruins nearby as the site of biblical Sodom.
Archibald Sayce translated an Akkadian poem describing cities that were destroyed in a rain of fire, written from the view of a person who escaped the destruction; the names of the cities are not given. However, Sayce later mentions that the story more closely resembles the doom of Sennacherib's host.
In 1976 Giovanni Pettinato claimed that a cuneiform tablet that had been found in the newly discovered library at Ebla contained the names of all five of the cities of the plain (Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, Zeboim, and Bela), listed in the same order as in Genesis. The names "si-da-mu" and "ì-ma-ar" [TM.75.G.1570 and TM.75.G.2233 were identified as representing Sodom and Gomorrah, which gained some acceptance at the time. However, Alfonso Archi states that, judging from the surrounding city names in the cuneiform list, "si-da-mu" lies in northern Syria and not near the Dead Sea, and "ì-ma-ar" is a variant of "ì-mar", known to represent Emar, an ancient city located near Ebla. William Shea points out in 1983 that on the 'Eblaite Geographical Atlas' [TM.75.G.2231], "ad-mu-ut" and "sa-dam" are good readings by Pettinato and correspond to Admah and Sodom, and they are contained in a list of cities that traces a route along the shores of, or quite possibly within the Dead Sea, whose position may have since shifted along its fault. Today, the scientific consensus is reported as being that "Ebla has no bearing on ... Sodom and Gomorra."
If the cities actually existed, they might have been destroyed as the result of a natural disaster. Geologists believe that no volcanic activity occurred within 4,000 years. Others claim that the Dead Sea was devastated by an earthquake between 2100 and 1900 BC, which could have unleashed showers of steaming tar. It is possible that the towns were destroyed by an earthquake in the region, especially if the towns lay along a major fault, the Jordan Rift Valley. However, there is a lack of contemporary accounts of seismic activity within the necessary timeframe to corroborate this theory.
Possible candidates for Sodom or Gomorrah are the sites discovered or visited by Walter E. Rast and R. Thomas Schaub in 1973, including Bab edh-Dhra, which was originally excavated in 1965 by archaeologist Paul Lapp, only to have his work continued by Rast and Schaub following his death by accidental drowning in the waters off of Cyprus in 1970. Other possibilities also include Numeira, es-Safi, Feifeh and Khanazir, which were also visited by Schaub and Rast. All sites were located near the Dead Sea, with evidence of burning and traces of sulfur. However, according to Schaub, who dug at Bab edh-Dhra, Numeira was destroyed (2600 BC) at a different time period from Bab edh-Dhra (2350–2067 BC). Archaeological remains excavated from Bab edh-Dhra are currently displayed in Karak Archaeological Museum (Karak Castle), Amman Citadel Museum, and the British Museum.
Another possible candidate for Sodom is the Tall el-Hammam dig site which began in 2006 under the direction of Steven Collins. Tall el-Hammam is located in the southern Jordan river valley approximately 14 kilometers Northeast of the Dead Sea, and seemingly fitting the Bible descriptions of the lands of Sodom. The ongoing dig is a result of joint cooperation between Trinity Southwest University (an unaccredited institution) and the Department of Antiquities of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. The site is 36 hectares, while the footprint size of general settlement extends beyond this—well over 40 hectares. This size puts Tall el-Hammam as one of the largest Middle Bronze Age sites that has been discovered in Jordan. Analysis of the findings indicates that the site was occupied from the Chalcolithic period on up to the Iron Age (however there may likely be period gaps as well (i.e., Late Bronze Period is missing), along with evidences of glazed artifacts—such as pottery and rocks, and destruction). The researchers claim to have discovered an ash layer containing human bone fragments, which they claim indicates a cataclysmic and sudden end to the civilization in this area. It is also evident that the area was not occupied for several centuries afterward. In addition there is evidence of Hellenistic, Eastern Roman, and Byzantine occupation on the site. Professor Eugene H. Merrill believes that the identification of Tall el-Hamman with Sodom would require an unacceptable restructuring of the biblical chronology.
The Jewish historian Josephus identifies the Dead Sea in geographic proximity to the ancient biblical city of Sodom. However, he refers to the lake by its Greek name, Asphaltites.
Biblical narratives.
The Book of Genesis is the primary source that mentions the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. Major and minor prophets in the Hebrew Bible have also referred to Sodom and Gomorrah to parallel their prophetic events. The New Testament also contains passages of parallels to the destruction and surrounding events that pertained to these cities and those who were involved. Later deuterocanonical texts attempt to glean additional insights about these cities of the Jordan Plain.
Battle of Siddim.
In , Sodom and Gomorrah's political situation is described during the time biblical Lot had encamped in Sodom's territory. indicates that at that time, "the men of Sodom "" wicked and sinners before the exceedingly." Sodom was ruled by king Bera while Gomorrah was ruled by king Birsha. Their kingship, however, was not sovereign, because all of the river Jordan plain was under Elamite rule for twelve years. The kingdom of Elam was ruled by king Chedorlaomer.
In the thirteenth year of subjection to Elam, the five kings of the river Jordan plain aligned together to rebel against Elamite rule. These kings included those of Sodom and Gomorrah as well as their neighbors: king Shinab of Admah, king Shemeber of Zeboiim, and the unnamed king of Bela (later called Zoar).
In response, Elam's king Chedorlaomer, gathered additional forces from Shinar, Ellasar and Goyim to suppress this rebellion from the cities of the plain. They waged war in the Vale of Siddim in the fourteenth year. The battle was brutal with heavy losses in the cities of the plain, with their resultant defeat. Sodom and Gomorrah were spoiled of their goods, and captives were taken, including Lot.
The tide of war turned when Lot's uncle Abram gathered an elite force that slaughtered king Chedorlaomer's forces in Hobah, north of Damascus. The success of his mission freed the cities of the plain from under Elam's rule.
Judgment.
In three men, thought by most commentators to have been angels appearing as men, came to Abram (Abraham) in the plains of Mamre. After the angels received the hospitality of Abraham and Sarah, his wife, the revealed to Abraham that he would destroy Sodom and Gomorrah, because their cry was great, "and because their sin is very grievous." 
In response, Abraham inquired of the if he would spare the city if 50 righteous people were found in it, to which the agreed he would not destroy it for the sake of the righteous yet dwelling therein. Abraham then inquired of God for mercy at lower numbers (first 45, then 40, then 30, then 20, and finally at 10), with the agreeing each time. Two of the angels proceeded to Sodom and were met by Abraham's nephew Lot, who convinced the angels to lodge with him, and they ate with Lot.
4 But before they lay down, the men of the city, "the men of Sodom, compassed the house round, both old and young, all the people from every quarter:<br>5 And they called unto Lot, and said unto him, Where "[are" the men which came in to thee this night? bring them out unto us, that we may know them.
(NRSV: know them, NIV: can have sex with them, NJB: can have intercourse with them).
Lot refused to give his guests to the inhabitants of Sodom and, instead, offered them his two virgin daughters "which have not known man" and to "do ye to them as "" good in your eyes". However, they refused this offer and threatened to do worse to Lot than they would have done to his guests, and then came near to break down the door. Lot's angelic guests rescued him and struck the men with blindness, thereby revealing to Lot that they were not ordinary men but angels, and they informed Lot of their mission to destroy the city.
Then (not having found even 10 righteous people in the city), they commanded Lot to gather his family and leave. As they made their escape, one angel commanded Lot to "look not behind thee" (singular "thee"). However, as Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed with brimstone and fire from the , Lot's wife looked back at the city, and she became a pillar of salt.
Religious views.
Jewish.
Rictor Norton views classical Jewish texts as stressing the cruelty and lack of hospitality of the inhabitants of Sodom to the "stranger". The people of Sodom were seen as guilty of many other significant sins. Rabbinic writings affirm that the Sodomites also committed economic crimes, blasphemy and bloodshed. One of the worst was to give money or even gold ingots to beggars, after inscribing their names on them, and then subsequently refusing to sell them food. The unfortunate stranger would end up starving and after his death, the people who gave him the money would reclaim it.
A rabbinic tradition, described in the Mishnah, postulates that the sin of Sodom was related to property: Sodomites believed that "what is mine is mine, and what is yours is mine" (Abot), which is interpreted as a lack of compassion. Another rabbinic tradition is that these two wealthy cities treated visitors in a sadistic fashion. One major crime done to strangers was almost identical to that of Procrustes in Greek mythology. This would be the story of the "bed" that guests to Sodom were forced to sleep in: if they were too short they were stretched to fit it, and if they were too tall, they were cut up (indeed, in Hebrew and Yiddish, the corresponding term for a Procrustean bed is a "Sodom bed").
In another incident, Eliezer, Abraham's servant, went to visit Lot in Sodom and got in a dispute with a Sodomite over a beggar, and was hit in the forehead with a stone, making him bleed. The Sodomite demanded Eliezer pay him for the service of bloodletting, and a Sodomite judge sided with the Sodomite. Eliezer then struck the judge in the forehead with a stone and asked the judge to pay the Sodomite.
The Talmud and the Sefer haYashar (midrash) also recount two incidents of a young girl (one involved Lot's daughter Paltith) who gave some bread to a poor man who had entered the city. When the townspeople discovered their acts of kindness, they burned Paltith and smeared the other girl's body with honey and hung her from the city wall until she was eaten by bees. (Sanhedrin 109a.) It is this gruesome event, and her scream in particular, the Talmud concludes, that are alluded to in the verse that heralds the city's destruction: "So said, 'Because the outcry of Sodom and Gomorrah has become great, and because their sin has been very grave, I will descend and see...'"
A modern orthodox position is one that holds, "The paradigmatic instance of such aberrant behavior is found in the demand of the men of Sodom to 'know' the men visiting Lot, the nephew of Abraham, thus lending their name to the practice of 'sodomy'."
The scholar and activist Jay Michaelson proposes a reading of the story of Sodom that emphasizes the violation of hospitality as well as the violence of the Sodomites. "Homosexual rape is the way in which they violate hospitality—not the essence of their transgression. Reading the story of Sodom as being about homosexuality is like reading the story of an ax murderer as being about an ax." Michaelson places the story of Sodom in context with other Genesis stories regarding Abraham's hospitality to strangers, and argues that when other texts in the Hebrew Bible mention Sodom, they do so without commentary on homosexuality. The verses cited by Michaelson include Jeremiah 23:14, where the sins of Jerusalem are compared to Sodom and are listed as adultery, lying, and strengthening the hands of evildoers; Amos 4:1-11 (oppressing the poor and crushing the needy); and Ezekiel 16:49-50, which defines the sins of Sodom as "pride, fullness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her daughters, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy. And they were haughty, and did "toevah" before me, and I took them away as I saw fit." Michaelson uses "toevah" in place of "abomination" to emphasize the original Hebrew, which he explains as being more correctly translated as "taboo".
Christian.
Several theories have been advanced in Christian thought concerning the sin of Sodom. One area of dispute is whether the mob was demanding the homosexual rape of Lot’s guests. A second area of dispute is whether the act of homosexuality or the act of inhospitality and violence toward foreigners is the more significant ethical downfall of Sodom.
The first contention between the two positions primarily focuses upon the meaning of the Hebrew verb ידע (yada), translated as "know" in the King James Version:
Some Hebrew scholars believe that "yada", unlike the English word "know", requires the existence of a "personal and intimate relationship". For this reason, many of the most popular of the 20th century translations, including the New International Version, the New King James Version, and the New Living Translation, translate "yada" as “have sex with” or “know … carnally” in 
Those who favor the non-sexual interpretation argue against a denotation of sexual behavior in this context, noting that while the Hebrew word for "know" appears over 900 times in the Hebrew Scriptures, only approximately 1% (13-14 times) of those references is it clearly used as a euphemism for realizing sexual intimacy. Instead, those who hold to this interpretation usually see the demand to know as demanding the right to interrogate the strangers.
Countering this is the observation that one of the examples of "know" meaning to know sexually occurs when Lot responds to the request, only three verses later in the same narrative:
The following is a major text in regard to these conflicting opinions:
This reference to "going after strange flesh" is understood in different ways to include something akin to bestiality, having illicit sex with strangers, having sex with angels, but most often God's destruction of the populations of the four cities is interpreted to mean homosexual (same-sex) relations.
Many who interpret the stories in a non-sexual context contend that as the word for "strange" is akin to "another", "other", "altered" or even "next", the meaning is unclear, and if the condemnation of Sodom was the result of sexual activities perceived to be perverse, then it is likely that it was because women sought to commit fornication with "other than human" angels, perhaps referring to or the apocryphal Book of Enoch. Countering this, it is pointed out that refers to angels seeking women, not men seeking angels, and that both Sodom and Gomorrah were engaged in the sin Jude describes before the angelic visitation, and that, regardless, it is doubtful that the Sodomites knew they were angels. In addition, it is argued the word used in the King James Version of the Bible for "strange", can mean unlawful or corrupted (; ), and that the apocryphal Second Book of Enoch (different from the one Jude quotes from) condemns "sodomitic" sex (Enoch 10:3; 34:1), thus indicating that homosexual relations was the prevalent physical sin of Sodom.
Both the non-sexual and the homosexuality view invoke certain classical writings as well as other portions of the Bible.
Here the nonsexual view focuses on the inhospitality aspect, while the other notes the description "detestable" or "abomination", the Hebrew word for which often denotes moral sins, including those of a sexual nature.
In the Gospel of Matthew (and corresponding verse) when Jesus warns of a worse judgment for some cities than Sodom, inhospitality is perceived by some as the sin, while others see it fundamentally being impenitence:
The nonsexual view focuses on the cultural importance of hospitality, which this biblical story shares with other ancient civilizations, such as Greece and Rome, where hospitality was of singular importance and strangers were under the protection of the gods.
The orthodox position does not deny this important cultural aspect, but tends to see the refusal to repent as being the main issue behind Jesus's condemnation, with this being causative of the particular inhospitality shown by the cities Jesus referred to. In addition, they see the information regarding Sodom as best indicating that forced perverse sex was the specific means of inhospitality, and the primary physical sin of Sodom.
Within the Christian Churches that agree on the possible sexual interpretation of "know" (yada) in this context, there is still a difference of opinion on whether homosexuality is important. The Anglican Communion, on its website, presents the argument that the story is “not even vaguely about homosexual love or relationships”, but instead “about dominance and rape, by definition an act of violence, not of sex or love.” This argument that the violence and threat of violence to foreign visitors it the true ethical downfall of Sodom (and not homosexuality) observers the similarity between the Sodom and Gomorrah and the Battle of Gibeah Bible stories. In both stories, an inhospitable mob demands the homosexual rape of a foreigner or foreigners. As the mob instead settles for the rape and murder of the foreigner’s female concubine in the Battle of Gibeah story, the homosexual aspect is generally seen as inconsequential, and the ethical downfall is understood to be the violence and threat of violence to foreigners by the mob. This lesson is viewed as a more historically accurate way to interpret the Sodom and Gomorrah story.
Islamic.
The Quran contains seven references to "the people of Lut", the biblical Lot, but meaning the residents of Sodom and Gomorrah (references 7:80–84, 11:77–83, 21:74, 22:43, 26:165–175, 27:56–59, and 29:27–33), and their destruction by Allah is associated explicitly with their sexual practices:
The 'people of Lot' transgressed consciously against the bounds of God. Their avarice led to inhospitality and robbery, which in turn led to the humiliation of strangers by mistreatment and rape. It was their abominable sin of homosexual sex which was seen as symptomatic of their attitudes, and upon Lot's exhorting them to abandon their transgression against God, they ridiculed him, and threatened him with dire consequences; Lot only prayed to God to be saved from doing as they did. Then Gabriel met Lot and said that he must run from the town quickly, as Allah gave this command for Gabriel to give to Lot for saving his life. In the Quran it was written that Lot's wife was left behind as she was a bad woman. She was left to meet her fate in the disaster, and that only Lot and his family were saved during the destruction of their town, with the understanding that the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah are identified in Genesis, but "the location remains unnamed in the Qur'an"
In the Quran, surah (chapter) 26 Ash-Shu`arā' (The Poets) –
Other references.
Moses.
Moses referred to the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah in :
See also: 
Major Prophets.
, and addresses people as from Sodom and Gomorrah, associates Sodom with shameless sinning and tells Babylon that it will end like Sodom and Gomorrah.
, , and associate Sodom and Gomorrah with adultery and lies, prophesies the fate of Edom, south of the Dead Sea, prophesies the fate of Babylon and uses Sodom as a comparison.
In God compares Jerusalem to Sodom, saying "Sodom never did what you and your daughters have done." He explains that the sin of Sodom was that "She and her daughters were arrogant, overfed and unconcerned; they did not help the poor and needy. They were haughty and did detestable things before me."
Minor Prophets.
In God tells the Israelites he had warned them and treated them like Sodom and Gomorrah, still they did not repent.
In the prophet tells Moab and Ammon, southeast and northeast of the Dead Sea, that they will end up like Sodom and Gomorrah.
New Testament.
In , cf. , Jesus declares certain cities more damnable than Sodom and Gomorrah, due to their response to Jesus' disciples, in the light of greater grace (RSV): 
In Jesus prophesies the fate of some cities where he did some of his works (RSV): 
In Jesus compares his second-coming to the judgment of Sodom and Gomorrah (RSV): 
In Paul quotes (RSV): "And as Isaiah predicted, 'If the Lord of hosts had not left us children, we would have fared like Sodom and been made like Gomor'rah.'"
In Peter uses the time of Sodom and Lot in his description of the time of the second coming of Jesus.
Deuterocanonical references.
Wisdom 10:6 refers to Five Cities, including Sodom, or Pentapolis: "Wisdom rescued a righteous man when the ungodly were perishing; he escaped the fire that descended on the Five Cities."
Sodom was one of a group of five towns, the Pentapolis (): Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, Zeboim and Bela—also called Zoar. The Pentapolis region is also collectively referred to as "the cities of the plain".
Modern Sodom.
The site of the present Dead Sea Works, a large operation for the extraction of Dead Sea minerals, is called ""Sdom"" (סדום) according to its traditional Arab name, "Khirbet as-sudūm". Nearby is unique Mount Sodom (הר סדום in Hebrew) consisting mainly of salt. In the Plain of Sdom (מישור סדום) to the south there are a few springs and two small agricultural villages.

</doc>
<doc id="19629525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629525" title="Nicolae Lahovary">
Nicolae Lahovary

Nicolae Lahovary (), 1887-1972, was a Romanian diplomat. He was minister plenipotentiary to Albania (1934–1936) and to Switzerland from 1940-1944 before being replaced by Vespasian Pella. In his capacity of envoy to Switzerland he was active in contacts with the representatives of the allies for ensuring an armistice. After he was recalled in 1944, he settled in Switzerland, where he was an active member of the Romanian exile.
Nicolae Lahovary also was an anthropologist. His main work “Dravidian Origins and the West” was published in Bombay posthumously in 1963.
References.
[http://www.itcnet.ro/history/archive/mi1998/current6/mi50.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19629543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629543" title="Gil Evans &amp; Ten">
Gil Evans &amp; Ten

Gil Evans & Ten (also released as "Big Stuff" and "Gil Evans + Ten") is the first album by pianist, conductor, arranger and composer Gil Evans as a leader, released on the Prestige label in 1957. It features Evans' arrangements of five standards and one original composition performed by Evans, Steve Lacy, John Carisi, Jack Koven, Jimmy Cleveland, Bart Varsalona, Willie Ruff, Lee Konitz, Dave Kurtzer, Paul Chambers, Jo Jones, Louis Mucci and Nick Stabulas. In 2003 a SACD version was published, with the first release of the original stereo tapes.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 5 stars stating "As good an introduction to his work as any, this program includes diverse works ranging from Leadbelly to Leonard Bernstein, plus Evans' own "Jambangle." The arranger's inventive use of the voices of his rather unique sidemen make this a memorable set.".
Track listing.
"Track 1 recorded on September 6, 1957; # 2, 4 and 6 recorded on September 27, 1957; tracks 3, 5 and 7 on October 10, 1957."

</doc>
<doc id="19629551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629551" title="Snake Deal">
Snake Deal

John Wesley "Snake" Deal was a Major League Baseball first baseman. He played half of one season for the Cincinnati Reds in .

</doc>
<doc id="19629560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629560" title="Procter &amp; Gamble">
Procter &amp; Gamble

Procter & Gamble Co., also known as P&G, is an American multinational consumer goods company headquartered in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, founded by William Procter and James Gamble, both from the United Kingdom. Its products include pet foods, cleaning agents, and personal care products. Prior to the sale of Pringles to the Kellogg Company, its product line included foods and beverages.
In 2012, P&G recorded $83.68 billion in sales. "Fortune" magazine awarded P&G a top spot on its list of "Global Top Companies for Leaders", and ranked the company at fifteenth place of the "World's Most Admired Companies" list. Chief Executive Magazine named P&G the best overall company for leadership development in its list of the "40 Best Companies for Leaders".
History.
William Procter, a candlemaker, and James Gamble, a soapmaker, both born in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, emigrated from England and Ireland respectively. They settled in Cincinnati initially and met when they married sisters, Olivia and Elizabeth Norris. Alexander Norris, their father-in-law, called a meeting in which he persuaded his new sons-in-law to become business partners. On October 31, 1837, as a result of the suggestion, Procter & Gamble was created.
In 1858–1859, sales reached $1 million. By this point, approximately 80 employees worked for Procter & Gamble. During the American Civil War, the company won contracts to supply the Union Army with soap and candles. In addition to the increased profits experienced during the war, the military contracts introduced soldiers from all over the country to Procter & Gamble's products.
In the 1880s, Procter & Gamble began to market a new product, an inexpensive soap that floats in water. The company called the soap Ivory. William Arnett Procter, William Procter's grandson, began a profit-sharing program for the company's workforce in 1887. By giving the workers a stake in the company, he correctly assumed that they would be less likely to go on strike.
The company began to build factories in other locations in the United States because the demand for products had outgrown the capacity of the Cincinnati facilities. The company's leaders began to diversify its products as well and, in 1911, began producing Crisco, a shortening made of vegetable oils rather than animal fats. As radio became more popular in the 1920s and 1930s, the company sponsored a number of radio programs. As a result, these shows often became commonly known as "soap operas."
The company moved into other countries, both in terms of manufacturing and product sales, becoming an international corporation with its 1930 acquisition of the Thomas Hedley Co., based in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. After this acquisition, Procter & Gamble had their UK Headquarters at 'Hedley House' in Newcastle upon Tyne, until quite recently. Numerous new products and brand names were introduced over time, and Procter & Gamble began branching out into new areas. The company introduced Tide laundry detergent in 1946 and Prell shampoo in 1947. In 1955, Procter & Gamble began selling the first toothpaste to contain fluoride, known as Crest. Branching out once again in 1957, the company purchased Charmin Paper Mills and began manufacturing toilet paper and other paper products. Once again focusing on laundry, Procter & Gamble began making Downy fabric softener in 1960 and Bounce fabric softener sheets in 1972. One of the most revolutionary products to come out on the market was the company's Pampers, first test-marketed in 1961. Prior to this point disposable diapers were not popular, although Johnson & Johnson had developed a product called Chux. Babies always wore cloth diapers, which were leaky and labor-intensive to wash. Pampers provided a convenient alternative, albeit at the environmental cost of more waste requiring landfilling.
Procter & Gamble acquired a number of other companies that diversified its product line and significantly increased profits. These acquisitions included Folgers Coffee, Norwich Eaton Pharmaceuticals (the makers of Pepto-Bismol), Richardson-Vicks, Noxell (Noxzema), Shulton's Old Spice, Max Factor, and the Iams Company, among others. In 1994, the company made headlines for big losses resulting from leveraged positions in interest rate derivatives, and subsequently sued Bankers Trust for fraud; this placed their management in the unusual position of testifying in court that they had entered into transactions that they were not capable of understanding. In 1996, Procter & Gamble again made headlines when the Food and Drug Administration approved a new product developed by the company, Olestra. Also known by its brand name 'Olean', Olestra is a lower-calorie substitute for fat in cooking potato chips and other snacks.
Procter & Gamble has dramatically expanded throughout its history, but its headquarters still remains in Cincinnati.
In January 2005 P&G announced an acquisition of Gillette, forming the largest consumer goods company and placing Unilever into second place. This added brands such as Gillette razors, Duracell, Braun, and Oral-B to their stable. The acquisition was approved by the European Union and the Federal Trade Commission, with conditions to a spinoff of certain overlapping brands. P&G agreed to sell its SpinBrush battery-operated electric toothbrush business to Church & Dwight. It also divested Gillette's oral-care toothpaste line, Rembrandt. The deodorant brands Right Guard, Soft & Drink, and Dry Idea were sold to Dial Corporation. The companies officially merged on October 1, 2005. Liquid Paper, and Gillette's stationery division, Paper Mate were sold to Newell Rubbermaid. In 2008, P&G branched into the record business with its sponsorship of Tag Records, as an endorsement for TAG Body Spray.
P&G's dominance in many categories of consumer products makes its brand management decisions worthy of study. For example, P&G's corporate strategists must account for the likelihood of one of their products cannibalizing the sales of another.
On August 25, 2009, the Ireland-based pharmaceutical company Warner Chilcott announced they had bought P&G's prescription-drug business for $3.1 billion.
P&G exited the food business in 2012 when it sold its Pringles snack food business to Kellogg's for $2.75bn after the $2.35bn deal with former suitor Diamond Foods fell short. The company had previously sold Jif peanut butter and Folgers coffee in separate transactions to Smucker's.
Procter & Gamble was a tier one sponsor of London's 2012 Olympic Games and sponsored 150 Athletes.
Procter & Gamble was a tier one sponsor of Sochi's 2014 Winter Olympic Games.
Operations.
As of July 1, 2011, the company structure is categorized into two "Global Business Units" with each one further divided into "Business Segments" according to the company's 2011 Annual Report. Dimitri Panayotopoulos is Vice Chairman of Global Business Units
Management and staff.
The board of directors of Procter & Gamble currently has eleven members: 
In March 2011 Rajat Gupta resigned from the board after a SEC accusation of Galleon Group insider trading.
In October 2008, P&G was named one of "Canada's Top 100 Employers" by Mediacorp Canada Inc., and was featured in "Maclean's" newsmagazine. Later that month, P&G was also named one of Greater Toronto's Top Employers, which was announced by the "Toronto Star" newspaper.
In May 2011 "Fortune" editor-at-large Patricia Sellers praised P&G's board diversity, as five of the company's eleven current directors are female and have all been on "Fortune"'s annual Most Powerful Women list.
In May 2013, Robert A. McDonald announced his retirement and was replaced by A.G. Lafley who returned as Chairman, President, and CEO.
Procter & Gamble is a member of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, a Washington, D.C.-based coalition of over 400 major companies and NGOs that advocates for a larger International Affairs Budget, which funds American diplomatic and development efforts abroad.
Brands.
26 of P&G's brands have more than a billion dollars in net annual sales, according to the 2011 Annual Report and P&G Corporate Newsroom.
Most of these brands—including Bounty, Crest and Tide—are global products available on several continents. Procter & Gamble products are available in North America, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia and New Zealand.
Manufacturing operations are based in the following regions:
Productions.
Procter & Gamble produced and sponsored the first radio soap operas in the 1930s (Procter & Gamble's being known for detergents—soaps—was the genesis of the term "soap opera"). When the medium switched to television in the 1950s and 1960s, most of the new serials were sponsored and produced by the company. The serial "The Young and the Restless" is currently broadcast on CBS and is still partially sponsored by Procter & Gamble. When "As the World Turns" left the air on September 17, 2010, "The Young and the Restless", became the only soap left that is partially sponsored by Procter & Gamble.
These past serials were produced by Procter & Gamble:
Procter & Gamble also was the first company to produce and sponsor a prime-time show, a 1965 spinoff of the daytime soap opera "As the World Turns" called "Our Private World". In 1979, PGP produced "Shirley", a prime-time NBC series starring Shirley Jones which lasted thirteen episodes. They also produced TBS' first original comedy series, "Down to Earth", which ran from 1984 to 1987 (110 episodes were produced). They also distributed the syndicated comedy series "Throb". Procter & Gamble Productions originally co-produced "Dawson's Creek" with Sony Pictures Television but withdrew before the series premiere due to early press reviews. It also produced the 1991 TV movie "A Triumph of the Heart: The Ricky Bell Story", which was co-produced by The Landsburg Company. It also produces the People's Choice Awards.
In addition to self-produced items, Procter & Gamble also supports many Spanish-language novellas through advertising on networks such as Univision, Telemundo, Telefutura, and Azteca America. Procter & Gamble was one of the first mainstream advertisers on Spanish-language TV during the mid-1980s.
In 2008, P&G expanded into music sponsorship when it joined Island Def Jam to create Tag Records, named after a body spray that P&G acquired from Gillette. In April 2010, after the cancellation of "As the World Turns", PGP announced they were officially phasing out of the soap industry, and expanding into more family appropriate programming.
Procter & Gamble also gave a $100,000 contract to the winners of Cycle 1 through 3 of "Canada's Next Top Model", wherein Andrea Muizelaar, Rebecca Hardy and Meaghan Waller won the prize.
As of 2013, PGP has rebranded itself as Procter & Gamble Entertainment (PGE) with a new logo and an emphasis on multi-platform entertainment production.
Online marketing.
The company has actively developed or sponsored numerous, online communities, i.e. BeingGirl.com (launched in 2000), Women.com. , the company had 72 "highly stylized destination sites".
P&G's Neighbor-to-Neighbor program for Tide in the late 1990s was one of the first viral marketing campaigns which employed intelligent email response and behavior analysis to collect consumer information and solicit participation.
Controversies.
Price fixing.
In April 2011, P&G was fined 211.2m euros by the European Commission for establishing a price-fixing cartel in Europe along with Unilever, who was fined 104m euros, and Henkel (not fined). Though the fine was set higher at first, it was discounted by 10% after P&G and Unilever admitted running the cartel. As the provider of the tip-off leading to investigations, Henkel was not fined.
Toxic shock syndrome and tampons.
Toxic shock syndrome (TSS) is a disease caused by strains of the bacteria "Staphylococcus aureus". Most people have these bacteria living in their bodies as harmless commensals in places such as the nose, skin, and vagina. The disease can strike anyone, not only women, but the disease is often associated with tampons.
In 1980, 814 menstrual-related TSS cases were reported; 38 deaths resulted from the disease. The majority of women in these cases were documented as using super-absorbent synthetic tampons, particularly the Rely tampon created by Procter & Gamble. The Rely tampon was so super-absorbent that one by itself could in fact hold one woman's entire menstrual period flow. Unlike other tampons made of cotton and rayon, Rely used carboxymethylcellulose and compressed beads of polyester for absorption.
In the summer of 1980 the Centers for Disease Control released a report explaining how these bacterial mechanisms were leading to TSS. They also stated that the Rely tampon was associated with TSS more than any other brand of tampon. In September 1980, Procter & Gamble voluntarily recalled its Rely brand of tampons from the market and agreed to provide for a program to notify consumers. Since the 1980s, reported cases of TSS have dramatically decreased.
Animal testing.
On June 30, 1999, Procter & Gamble announced that it would limit its animal testing practices to its food and drug products which represents roughly 80% of its product portfolio. The company invested more than $275 million in the development of alternative testing methods.
Procter & Gamble has received criticism from animal advocacy group PETA for the practice of testing on animals.
Other products.
In 2002, P&G was sued for its ads falsely suggesting to the consumers that the drug Prilosec could cure heartburn in a day. In December 2005, the Pharmaceutical division of P&G was involved in a dispute over research involving its osteoporosis drug Actonel. The case was discussed in the media.
In October 2007, a class action lawsuit was filed in the State of Georgia alleging that many users of Crest Pro-Health mouthwash, with the active ingredient Cetylpyridinium chloride, suffered stained teeth and loss of their sense of taste as a result. Procter & Gamble contends that these side effects occur in only three percent of users. The suit seeks to include disclosure warning users of these side effects on product packaging.
Logo controversy.
P&G's former logo originated in 1851 as a crude cross that barge workers on the Ohio River painted on cases of P&G star candles to identify them. P&G later changed this symbol into a trademark that showed a man in the moon overlooking 13 stars, said to commemorate the original 13 colonies.
The company received unwanted media publicity in the 1980s when rumors spread that the moon-and-stars logo was a satanic symbol. The accusation was based on a particular passage in the Bible, specifically Revelation 12:1, which states: "And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of 12 stars." P&G's logo consisted of a man's face on the moon surrounded by 13 stars, and some claimed that the logo was a mockery of the heavenly symbol alluded to in the aforementioned verse, thus construing the logo to be satanic. Where the flowing beard meets the surrounding circle, three curls were said to be a mirror image of the number "666", or the reflected number of the beast. At the top and bottom, the hair curls in on itself, and was said to be the two horns like those of a ram. The moon-and-stars logo was discontinued in 1985 because of the controversy.
These interpretations have been denied by company officials, and no evidence linking the company to the Church of Satan or any other occult organization has ever been presented. The company unsuccessfully sued Amway from 1995 to 2003 over rumors forwarded through a company voicemail system in 1995. In 2011, the company successfully sued individual Amway distributors for reviving and propagating the false rumors. The Church of Satan denies being supported by Procter & Gamble.

</doc>
<doc id="19629562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629562" title="Khun Wichitmatra">
Khun Wichitmatra

Khun Wichitmatra (Sanga Kanchanakphan) (; ) wrote the lyrics of the Thai National Anthem which was played for the first time in July, 1932. The lyrics were subsequently rewritten two years later by Chan Kamwilai.

</doc>
<doc id="19629577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629577" title="Nicole Lai">
Nicole Lai

Nicole Lai (born 26 February 1974 in Penang – died 6 September 2008) was a Singapore-based Malaysian Chinese singer-songwriter, backing vocalist, vocal trainer and performer. Her nickname Niguolai (你过来) was given to her by her good friend and singer-songwriter, Stefanie Sun. This nickname simply means "You come over" in English.
Biography.
Professional qualification and training.
Nicole had London College of Music Grade 8 (Distinction) qualification and also had undergone modelling training at Mannequin Studio and had received a diploma from Plato Make-Up Academy. Nicole studied vocals in Los Angeles under Jodi Sellards, who has taught David Tao, A-mei (Zhang Hui Mei) and Alex To (Du DeWei).
Vocal instructor, backing vocalist.
Nicole has worked with many famous celebrities including Aaron Kwok, Jolin Tsai, Gigi Leung, Sammi Cheng, Jeff Chang, Karen Mok, Na Ying and Stefanie Sun. She has done backup vocals for albums by: Stefanie Sun, Gigi Leung, Sammi Cheng, Aaron Kwok, Jolin Tsai and also has done live backup vocals for Julia Peng and Eric Moo. Nicole was one of the most experienced instructors in Singapore. Beside being a freelance instructor, she also taught at Lee Wei Song School of Music (李偉菘) and Ocean Butterflies (海蝶音樂). She has taught many famous celebrities, including Stefanie Sun, Niki Wu, Huang Yida, Xiao Su Shen. She was also the vocal coach of MediaCorp Artistes including Zoe Tay, Tay Ping Hui, Christopher Lee and Constance Song.
Awards, judges.
Nicole was a member of the Composers and Authors Society of Singapore (COMPASS). In the year 2003, she won awards for her own composition 梦想家 in the Xinyao Song competition held in Singapore where she was champion in the Vocal Performance Category and 1st runner up in the Composing Category. This same song was selected to become one of the songs for the famous Taiwan TV series called Green Forest, My Home soundtrack album. Nicole also sang on the soundtrack of Singapore's own home-grown movie, Singapore Dreaming "Mei Man Ren Sheng". Nicole has also made appearances herself on television as one of the judges for MediaCorp TV Channel 8’s weekend variety show, PSC Nite 2005 and MediaCorp TV Channel U's S-POP HURRAY song writing competition 2008 show.
Commercial performer, charity work.
Nicole was also an avid performer herself, having performed at countless Dinner and Dance events, Family Days, Singapore Town Council events and many other occasions. She has done many jingles including those of Hazeline Snow, Singapore Airlines, McDonald's, Canon, Slimwater and Knife Oil. Under the World Vision Organization child sponsorship programme, Nicole sponsored 4 kids when she was alive. After her death, her friends will launch her EP album at the end of 2008 and proceeds from the CD sales will go to charity and to adopting Nicole’s 4 kids from World Vision.
Discography.
Songwriter.
Nicole was also a songwriting enthusiast, and recently had one of her songs published in Stefanie Sun’s album. Nicole was also a member of the Composers and Authors Society of Singapore (COMPASS), and had songs published in Stefanie Sun’s, Maggie Tang’s, Vivian Hsu’s , Linda and Taiwan TV series called Green Forest, My Home soundtrack album. Nicole's own composition of "梦想家" title was renamed to "一個人的星光" (One's Star Light) and sung by William So.
Albums.
Before her death, she wrote the song "你我的自由 – Freedom" which carries a special messages from her –
""Freedom is a choice in life. We are all free to make our choices in life, and even if we decide not to make any choice, that in itself is our freedom to choose"" ~~With Love…nL.
Many local singer-songwriters attended her CD launch at Lunar on 23 April 2008. They include Lee Wei Song, Lee Shih Shiong, Jim Lim, Kenn C, Wu JiaMing, Ruth Ling, both Peng ChiSheng and Aaron Lim of Intune Music School, Radio DJ Luo Bang Qiang and many of her vocal students too. The CD was sponsored by Stefanie Sun and was given to friends during her wake. Another remembrance EP album is released in September 2009.
Record producer.
One of Singapore largest entertainment complex, St James Power Station decided to produce an EP album for their "Dragonfly" Performers in August 2007. Nicole was consulted for this project. In her own premise at Tiong Bahru, she personally trained the performers to ensure everybody is studio ready. The EP album was released by Sony BMG in October 2007. The song that Nicole produced was one of the best track audience selected.

</doc>
