<doc id="19729038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729038" title="Channel O Music Video Awards">
Channel O Music Video Awards

Channel O Africa Music Video Awards, once known as Spirit of Africa Music Video Awards are Pan-African music awards organised by South Africa -based Channel O television channel. The awards were first held in 2003 under the name Reel Music Video Awards. Since 2005 the awards have been held annually. The winners are voted by Channel O's viewers across the continent.
2003.
TITLE: - Reel Music Video Awards
VENUE: - M-Net Randburg Studios in Johannesburg, South Africa
HOSTS: - 
CATEGORIES: - 23 in total
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: - Fela Kuti (Nigeria) 
2004.
No awards ceremony was held in this year.
2005.
TITLE: - African Music Video Awards
VENUE: - Johannesburg Civic Center, South Africa
HOSTS: - 
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: - Hugh Masekela (South Africa)
2006.
TITLE: - Spirit of Africa Music Video Awards
VENUE: - Gallagher Estate in Johannesburg, South Africa
HOSTS: - David Kau (South Africa) and Channel O VJs 
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: - Zola (South Africa)
WINNERS: -
2007.
TITLE: - Spirit of Africa Music Video Awards
VENUE: - Johannesburg City Hall, South Africa
HOSTS: - D'Banj (Nigeria) and DJ S'Bu (South Africa) 
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: - Oliver Mtukudzi (Zimbabwe)
WINNERS: -
2008.
TITLE: - Spirit of Africa Music Video Awards
VENUE: - Carnival City in Johannesburg, South Africa
HOSTS: - Kabelo 'KB' Ngakane and Nonhle Thema (all from South Africa)
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: - George Lee (Ghana) 
WINNERS: -
2009.
TITLE: - Music Video Awards (CHOMVAs)
VENUE: - Carnival City in Gauteng, South Africa
HOSTS: - Kabelo 'KB' Ngakane, Nonhle Thema and Lungile 'Lungsta' Radu (all from South Africa) 
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: - Brenda Fassie (South Africa)
WINNERS: - 
2010.
TITLE: - Music Video Awards (CHOMVA)
VENUE: - Sandton Convention Centre in Sandton, South Africa
HOSTS: - Lungile 'Lungsta' Radu and Thomas Gumede (all from South Africa) 
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: - K'Naan (Somalia) 
WINNERS: - 
2011.
TITLE: - Music Video Awards (CHOMVA)
VENUE: - Sandton Convention Centre in Sandton, South Africa
HOSTS: - Banky W (Nigeria) and Dineo Moeketsi (South Africa) 
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: - D'Banj (Nigeria) 
WINNERS: - 
2012.
TITLE: - Music Video Awards (CHOMVA)
VENUE: - Walter Sisulu Square in Soweto, South Africa
HOSTS: - Bonang Matheba (South Africa) and Ice Prince (Nigeria)
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: - Oskido (South Africa)
2013.
TITLE: - Africa Music Video Awards (CHOAMVA) (10th Anniversary) 
VENUE: - Walter Sisulu Square in Soweto, South Africa
HOSTS: - AKA (South Africa) and Naeto C (Nigeria)
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: - P-Square (Nigeria) 
WINNERS: - 

</doc>
<doc id="19729039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729039" title="Customer Survey">
Customer Survey

"Customer Survey" is the seventh episode of the fifth season of the television series "The Office", and the show's seventy-ninth episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on November 6, 2008 on NBC. This episode was directed by Stephen Merchant, co-creator, writer and director (along with Ricky Gervais) of the original UK "The Office".
In this episode, Jim and Dwight - supposedly the branch's top two salesmen - are shocked at their disappointing results for their customer surveys. Meanwhile, Jim and Pam keep in touch using miniature Bluetooth headphones, and Andy and Angela struggle to find a venue for their wedding that meets Angela's demands.
Synopsis.
In the cold open Michael (Steve Carell) announces to everyone in the office that he is engaged to Holly, which is not true as Darryl (Craig Robinson) points out, offering in a talking head interview that he'll pay part of the co-pay if Michael seeks psychiatric help. The office prods Michael to call his mother to tell her about the engagement, which he does. His mother does not believe him, as he has apparently done this before, and he is forced to reveal the truth, disappointing everybody, particularly Kelly (Mindy Kaling), who had just bought a white bridesmaid dress; she is now forced to return it for a partial refund.
Kelly gives the customer survey reports to Michael, and Dwight (Rainn Wilson) and Jim (John Krasinski) are shocked to find out that their feedback is abysmal. Jim is somewhat disappointed as he was intending to use his anticipated bonus to buy his parents' home, but he does not make a big deal out of it. Dwight, on the other hand, suspects Kelly of tampering with the reports with co-conspirators. He confronts her at the annexe, with Jim closely behind in order to take him away. After a brief exchange, Kelly says, "Get out of my nook, Dwight" and Pam (hearing this through the bluetooth device) excitedly (and for the first time ever) shouts, "That's what she said!". 
Dwight later talks about it to Jim, who does not believe him until he finds Kelly being uncharacteristically terse with him. When asking Ryan (B. J. Novak) about Kelly's recent behavior, Jim notices that Ryan has a coffee mug with his face on it, which is something he had noticed Andy (Ed Helms) also had earlier. Ryan explains that the mugs were party favors at an "America's Got Talent" party Kelly had over the summer. Jim discovers that everyone in the office has one, except for him and Dwight, as they did not attend the party, and he deduces that Kelly tampered with their reports out of spite. Jim and Dwight have Michael confront her about this, and she ultimately comes clean regarding the reports. After dismissing Dwight and Jim, Michael pretends to confront Kelly about her deceit, but actually commiserates with her because no one goes to his parties, either. They relish Jim and Dwight's discomfort.
Pam (Jenna Fischer) buys a miniature Bluetooth device for her and Jim so they can stay in touch throughout the day without being caught. Jim tells Dwight that he is only talking to himself when he is really talking to Pam, and Dwight thinks that Jim needs a friend. Pam helps Jim realize Kelly's unusual behavior with him and figure out the truth about the reports. Near the end of the day, one of Pam's friends from art school, Alex (Rich Sommer), comes to visit Pam at the corporate office to tell her something. He pulls her into the conference room and tells her he thinks that she should not move back to Scranton. Jim, still listening on the Bluetooth, sarcastically remarks that Alex has a crush on her, but then Alex tells her that if she really wants to pursue a career in art, then only three months in New York is not going to do any good for her. He leaves, and Jim and Pam are left silent.
Andy shows Angela (Angela Kinsey) a wedding tent he would like for their wedding. Angela agrees on the condition that the location be on a hand-plowed farm with an old barn, with special requirements and within a 5-8 mile radius. Andy looks up possible locations and chooses Dwight's beet farm as the location since he is acquainted with Dwight and believes he can get a good deal. At the end of the episode, Dwight accepts the offer to hold their wedding on his farm. Dwight further offers to meet Angela's every need, day or night.
Reception.
"Customer Survey" was voted the sixth highest-rated episode out of 26 from the fifth season, according to an episode poll at the fansite "OfficeTally"; the episode was rated 8.62 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19729040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729040" title="Australia–Switzerland relations">
Australia–Switzerland relations

Australian–Swiss relations are foreign relations between Australia and Switzerland. Switzerland opened a consulate in Sydney in 1855 and one in Melbourne in 1856. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1961. Australia is represented to Switzerland through its embassy in Berlin (Germany) and Australia also has a consulate-general in Geneva. Switzerland has an embassy in Canberra, a consulate-general in Sydney and 6 honorary consulates in Adelaide, Brisbane, Darwin, Hobart, Melbourne and Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="19729050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729050" title="Beatrice Palner">
Beatrice Palner

Beatrice Palner (31 January 1938 – 4 April 2013) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 21 films between 1961 and 1989.
She was born in Helsingør, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19729058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729058" title="Xerarionta kellettii">
Xerarionta kellettii

Xerarionta kelletii, common name the Catalina cactus snail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae.
Anatomy.
Snails in this species create and use love darts during mating.
The scanning electron microscope images on the left show (above) the lateral view of the love dart, scale bar 500 μm (0.5 mm); and (below) a cross section of the dart, scale bar 50 μm.

</doc>
<doc id="19729060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729060" title="Valérie Lemercier">
Valérie Lemercier

Valérie Lemercier () (born 9 March 1964 in Dieppe, Seine-Maritime) is a French actress, scriptwriter, director and singer.
Biography.
Born in Dieppe, Seine-Maritime as the daughter of farmers, she grew up in Gonzeville and then studied at the Rouen Conservatoire - a dance, music and drama school. Lemercier made her screen debut in 1988, in the television series "Palace". Lemercier has won two César Awards for her supporting roles in "Les Visiteurs" (1994) and "Fauteuils d'orchestre" (2007), and hosted the award ceremony in 2006 and 2007.
She released her first music album, "Valérie Lemercier chante", in 1996, and has subsequently recorded three singles with other singers.

</doc>
<doc id="19729064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729064" title="Sugar Mountain – Live at Canterbury House 1968">
Sugar Mountain – Live at Canterbury House 1968

Sugar Mountain – Live at Canterbury House 1968 is a live album by Neil Young. On November 8–10, 1968, Young performed three shows at Canterbury House in Ann Arbor, Michigan. This album is compiled from the performances on the 9th and 10th.
This album is Volume 00 in the "Archives Performance Series". Since volumes 2 and 3 had already been released, this album, while performed earlier chronologically, is the third release from the Series. "The Riverboat 1969", released in "The Archives Vol. 1 1963–1972" in 2009, is the fourth Archive Performance Series released but was performed earlier chronologically than volumes 2 and 3.
The album was released only as a CD/DVD set, with the DVD containing a high-definition audio version of the album, playable on standard DVD players. The DVD also contains a trailer for Young's "Archives Vol. 1" box set.
The recording of the song "Sugar Mountain" from this appearance was previously released as a single B-side and on Young's 1977 compilation album "Decade".
A vinyl record version of the album, pressed on 200-gram Japanese vinyl, was released in April 2009.
Track listing.
All compositions written by Neil Young except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19729084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729084" title="Cristian Tudor">
Cristian Tudor

Cristian Dorin Tudor (23 August 1982 - 23 December 2012) was a Romanian football striker.
He died of hepatic cirrhosis.

</doc>
<doc id="19729088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729088" title="Shaun Farrell">
Shaun Farrell

Shaun Richard Farrell (born 5 March 1975 in Christchurch, New Zealand) was a sprinter/middle distance runner who competed for New Zealand. 
Farrell competed in the 400m at the 1994 World Juniors Athletics Championships in Portugal. He placed 3rd in the Final running 46.31 seconds.
He participated at the 1994 and 1998 Commonwealth Games competing in the 400m and 800m. He is the current New Zealand record holder over 400m.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19729098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729098" title="Bert Wipiti">
Bert Wipiti

Bert Sam Wipiti DFM (16 January 1922 – 3 October 1943) was a New Zealand fighter ace of World War II, initially with RAF squadrons.
Biography.
A Māori and born in New Plymouth, he joined the RNZAF in January 1941. 
Initially he was with No. 243 Squadron RAF at Kallang Airport, Singapore, flying the outclassed Brewster Buffalo fighter. He claimed 3½ kills for the period to March 1942. He was killed over France while flying a Spitfire with No. 485 Squadron RNZAF, escorting a bombing raid on a French power station. 
References.
"For your tomorrow" (Volume 2) by Errol W. Martyn (Volapone Press Christchurch c1998) (page 149) ISBN 0-473-06311-5 
External links.
'Life's Too Short To Cry' Tim Vigors DFC Page 231-234

</doc>
<doc id="19729102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729102" title="Centara Grand at Central Plaza Ladprao Bangkok">
Centara Grand at Central Plaza Ladprao Bangkok

Centara Grand at Central Plaza Ladprao Bangkok is a hotel in Bangkok, Thailand adjacent to Central Plaza Ladprao. It was first opened in 1982 with 607 rooms as Hyatt Hotel and later managed by the new founded hotel management group, Central Hotel & Resorts, then rebranded to Centara Hotels & Resorts who own and now fully manages the hotel. Nearby is a large convention center.

</doc>
<doc id="19729103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729103" title="1900 in India">
1900 in India

Events in the year 1900 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19729114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729114" title="Blackjack Mountain (Oklahoma)">
Blackjack Mountain (Oklahoma)

Blackjack Mountain is long mountain ridge trending from northeast to southwest in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma. 
The highest peak has an elevation of . The town of Rattan is south of Blackjack.

</doc>
<doc id="19729140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729140" title="Kazakhstan–Pakistan relations">
Kazakhstan–Pakistan relations

Kazakhstan–Pakistan relations refer to the bilateral relations between the Republic of Kazakhstan and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Relations between the two countries began when Pakistan recognized Kazakhstan on December 20, 1991. On February 24, 1992, diplomatic and consular relations were established during an official visit by Kazakhstani president Nursultan Nazarbayev to Pakistan. Kazakhstan is an emerging market for Pakistani goods.

</doc>
<doc id="19729143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729143" title="Revaz Barabadze">
Revaz Barabadze

Revazi Barabadze (; born 4 October 1988) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays for FC Dila Gori.

</doc>
<doc id="19729175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729175" title="Nivomat">
Nivomat

Nivomat (a portmanteau of the French "niveau" and "automatique") is the name for a vehicle suspension level control technology created by Mannesmann-Sachs (now ZF Sachs). Compared to the common use of springs, struts, and shock absorbers in a car suspension, Nivomat replaces all of these components with a single unit per wheel which provides damping, ride control, and a self-levelling function. The Nivomat system uniquely incorporates an internal pump which relies on relative movement between the axle and the chassis to provide the levelling and damping function.
See also.
MacPherson strut

</doc>
<doc id="19729180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729180" title="Alison Wilding">
Alison Wilding

Alison Wilding RA (born 7 July 1948) is an English sculptor. Karsten Schubert is the artist's main agent.
Biography.
Born in Blackburn in Lancashire, Wilding studied at the Nottingham College of Art, the Ravensbourne College of Art and Design in Chislehurst and, from 1970 to 1973, the Royal College of Art in London. She rose to prominence around the late 1970s, about the same time as Richard Deacon, Tony Cragg, Bill Woodrow and others.
Wilding's early works are multi-media installations, but she is best known for her later abstract sculptures which use a wide variety of materials: as well as traditional materials such as wood, stone and bronze, she has used steel, wax, silk and other materials. These are often used in unusual combinations: "Stormy Weather" (1987), for example, is made from pigment, beeswax and oil rubbed into galvanised steel.
In 1991, a major retrospective of Wilding's work, "Alison Wilding: Immersion – Sculpture from Ten Years", was held at Tate Liverpool. She was nominated for the Turner Prize in 1992, and made a Royal Academician in 1999. Her only large-scale public artwork "Ambit" was installed in the River Wear at Sunderland in 1999, taking the form of a necklace of stainless-steel tubes floting in the river, and lit up from underwater at night. It was subsequently exhibited in the Manchester Ship Canal and is now in storage.

</doc>
<doc id="19729190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729190" title="Black Rock Dam (Schuylkill River)">
Black Rock Dam (Schuylkill River)

The Black Rock Dam is a low head dam in the Schuylkill River. Originally constructed as a stone filled, timber crib dam in the early 19th century by the Schuylkill Navigation Company, the dam was one of dozens built to create a slack water pools for the Schuylkill Navigation System. The dam is a contributing property of the "Schuylkill Navigation Canal, Oakes Reach Section" registered historic district. The dam is located between Phoenixville and Mont Clare in southeastern Pennsylvania, USA.
The original dam structure is "L" shaped. There is the usual perpendicular crossing creating the low head spillway. However the majority of the structure is a long forebay for the canal, parallel to the left bank. The forebay has two spillways and ends with the structure of Lock 60. Lock 60 is the guard lock of the Oakes Canal portion of the Navigation. In 1828 a lock was added to the right side of the dam as part of the Chester County Canal addition to the Navigation, which provided water power and later transport to Phoenixville. In 1869 this canal was ruined by a flood.
In 1902 three hydroelectric generators were added to the forebay by the Reading Traction Company to power a local trolley. The generators have been removed, but the dam is still owned by power company, Exelon. 
In the later 20th century, the perpendicular section was extended across the end of the forebay, creating a straight bank to bank dam and capping the forebay.
In 2008, as part of a project to restore the migratory American shad to the Schuylkill, a fish ladder was added to the dam on the Chester County side. During construction, remnants of the Chester County Canal feeder lock were uncovered and documented by an archeologist.
See also.
List of crossings of the Schuylkill River

</doc>
<doc id="19729192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729192" title="France–Switzerland relations">
France–Switzerland relations

Diplomatic relations between Switzerland and France have traditionally been close. France has been appointing ambassadors to Switzerland since the 16th century and Switzerland's first representation abroad, in 1798, was in French capital Paris (closely followed by a consulate in Bordeaux). By the end of the 19th century, the only country with a legation in the Swiss capital Berne was France.
Switzerland and France - which is part of the European Union (EU) - share a 600 km border (prompting strong cross-border cooperation) and a language (French is one of Switzerland's four official languages). Around 180,000 Swiss citizens live in France and 100,000 French citizens live in Switzerland. 122,000 French nationals cross the border to work in Switzerland; half of all foreign cross-border commuters.
France is Switzerland's third largest trading partner (after Germany and Italy) and the two are integrated economically via Swiss treaties with the EU. Switzerland is also part of the EU's Schengen Area which abolishes international borders between Schengen states.

</doc>
<doc id="19729199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729199" title="Nikola Valentić">
Nikola Valentić

Nikola Valentić (Serbian Cyrillic: Hикoлa Baлeнтић ; born September 6, 1983) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Gabala in Azerbaijan Premier League.
Career.
Valentić started his career at OFK Beograd as youth team member before moving to FK Voždovac in 2002. Valentić the signed for Bnei Sakhnin in Israel in 2006 before quickly moving on to Anzhi Makhachkala in Russia. Valentić signed for Alania Vladikavkaz in 2009, getting voted the clubs best player, before joing Sibir Novosibirsk in 2010. Valentić returned to Serbia in the summere of 2012, joining FK Jagodina before signing with Azerbaijan Premier League team Gabala in January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19729208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729208" title="BS1">
BS1

BS1 or BS-1 may refer to :
and also :
a shortening for :

</doc>
<doc id="19729210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729210" title="My Old Man (film)">
My Old Man (film)

My Old Man is a 1979 television film directed by John Erman. The film is based on an Ernest Hemingway story that had previously been adapted for the 1950 film "Under My Skin".
Plot.
A cantankerous horse trainer and his jockey daughter attempt to reconcile their troubled relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="19729226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729226" title="Giorgi Navalovski">
Giorgi Navalovski

Giorgi Navalovski (; born 28 June 1986 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19729237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729237" title="South Africa–Switzerland relations">
South Africa–Switzerland relations

South African-Swiss relations refers to the current and historical relations between South Africa and Switzerland. South Africa has an embassy in Berne and a general consulate in Geneva. Switzerland has an embassy in Pretoria and a general consulate in Cape Town.
Trade.
Switzerland did not participate in the United Nations-led boycott of apartheid South Africa, though it did observe the arms-embargo. As a result, in 2002 Swiss banks UBS and Credit Suisse faced a $50 billion lawsuit in the United States. Lawyer Ed Fagan led the suit on behalf of the plaintiffs. South African human rights lawyer Dumisa Ntsebeza also coordinated the suit. The Swiss banks firmly denied the charges.

</doc>
<doc id="19729241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729241" title="Rutherford B. Hayes">
Rutherford B. Hayes

Rutherford Birchard Hayes (October 4, 1822 – January 17, 1893) was the 19th President of the United States (1877–1881). As president, he oversaw the end of Reconstruction, began the efforts that led to civil service reform, and attempted to reconcile the divisions left over from the Civil War and Reconstruction.
Hayes, an attorney in Ohio, became city solicitor of Cincinnati from 1858 to 1861. When the Civil War began, he left a fledgling political career to join the Union Army as an officer. Hayes was wounded five times, most seriously at the Battle of South Mountain; he earned a reputation for bravery in combat and was promoted to the rank of major general. After the war, he served in the U.S. Congress from 1865 to 1867 as a Republican. Hayes left Congress to run for Governor of Ohio and was elected to two consecutive terms, from 1868 to 1872, and then to a third term, from 1876 to 1877.
In 1876, Hayes was elected president in one of the most contentious and confused elections in national history. He lost the popular vote to Democrat Samuel J. Tilden but he won an intensely disputed electoral college vote after a Congressional commission awarded him twenty contested electoral votes. The result was the Compromise of 1877, in which the Democrats acquiesced to Hayes's election and Hayes ended all federal army intervention in Southern politics. That caused the collapse of Republican state governments and led to a solidly Democratic South.
Hayes believed in meritocratic government, equal treatment without regard to race, and improvement through education. He ordered federal troops to quell the Great Railroad Strike of 1877. He implemented modest civil service reforms that laid the groundwork for further reform in the 1880s and 1890s. He vetoed the Bland-Allison Act that would have put silver money into circulation and raised prices, insisting that maintenance of the gold standard was essential to economic recovery. His policy toward Western Indians anticipated the assimilationist program of the Dawes Act of 1887.
Hayes kept his pledge not to run for re-election, retired to his home in Ohio and became an advocate of social and educational reform. His biographer Ari Hoogenboom says his greatest achievement was to restore popular faith in the presidency and to reverse the deterioration of executive power that had set in after Lincoln's death.
Family and early life.
Childhood and family history.
Rutherford Birchard Hayes was born in Delaware, Ohio, on October 4, 1822, the son of Rutherford Hayes Jr. and Sophia Birchard. Hayes's father, a Vermont storekeeper, took the family to Ohio in 1817 but died ten weeks before his son's birth. Sophia took charge of the family, bringing up Hayes and his sister, Fanny, the only two of her four children to survive to adulthood. She never remarried; Sophia's younger brother, Sardis Birchard, lived with the family for a time, was always close to Hayes, became a father figure to him and contributed to his early education.
Through both his father and mother, Hayes was of New England colonial ancestry. His earliest American ancestor emigrated to Connecticut from Scotland in 1625. Hayes's great-grandfather, Ezekiel Hayes, was a militia captain in Connecticut in the American Revolutionary War, but Ezekiel's son (Hayes's grandfather, also named Rutherford) left his New Haven home during the war for the relative peace of Vermont. His mother's ancestors arrived in Vermont at a similar time, and most of his close relatives outside Ohio continued to live there. John Noyes, an uncle by marriage, had been his father's business partner in Vermont and was later elected to Congress. His first cousin, Mary Jane Noyes Mead, was the mother of sculptor Larkin Goldsmith Mead and architect William Rutherford Mead. John Humphrey Noyes, the founder of the Oneida Community, was also a first cousin.
Education and early law career.
Hayes attended the common schools in Delaware, Ohio, and enrolled in 1836 at the Methodist Norwalk Seminary in Norwalk, Ohio. He did well at Norwalk, and the following year transferred to a preparatory school in Middletown, Connecticut, where he studied Latin and Ancient Greek. Returning to Ohio, Hayes entered Kenyon College in Gambier in 1838. He enjoyed his time at Kenyon, and was successful scholastically; while there, he joined several student societies and became interested in Whig politics. He graduated with highest honors in 1842 and addressed the class as its valedictorian.
After briefly reading law in Columbus, Ohio, Hayes moved east once more to attend Harvard Law School in 1843. Graduating with an LL.B, he was admitted to the Ohio bar in 1845 and opened his own law office in Lower Sandusky (now Fremont). Business was slow at first, but he gradually attracted a few clients and also represented his uncle Sardis in real estate litigation. In 1847, Hayes became ill with what his doctor thought to be tuberculosis. Thinking a change in climate would help, he considered enlisting in the Mexican–American War, but on his doctor's advice he instead visited family in New England. Returning from there, Hayes and his uncle Sardis made another long journey to Texas, where Hayes visited with Guy M. Bryan, a Kenyon classmate and distant relative. Business remained meager on his return to Lower Sandusky, and Hayes decided to move to Cincinnati.
Cincinnati law practice and marriage.
Hayes moved to Cincinnati in 1850, and opened a law office with John W. Herron, a lawyer from Chillicothe. Later, Herron joined a more established firm and Hayes formed a new partnership with William K. Rogers and Richard M. Corwine. He found business better in Cincinnati, and enjoyed the social attractions of the larger city, joining the Cincinnati Literary Society and the Odd Fellows Club. He also attended the Episcopal Church in Cincinnati but did not become a member. Hayes courted his future wife, Lucy Webb, during his time there. His mother had encouraged him to get to know Lucy years earlier, but Hayes had believed she was too young and focused his attention on other women. Four years later, Hayes began to spend more time with Lucy. They became engaged in 1851 and married on December 30, 1852, at the house of Lucy's mother. Over the next five years, Lucy gave birth to three sons: Birchard Austin (1853), Webb Cook (1856), and Rutherford Platt (1858). Lucy, a Methodist, teetotaler, and abolitionist, influenced her husband's views on those issues, although he never formally joined her church.
Hayes had begun his law practice dealing primarily with commercial issues but won greater prominence in Cincinnati as a criminal defense attorney, defending several people accused of murder. In one case, he used a form of the insanity defense that saved the accused from the gallows; she was instead confined to a mental institution. Hayes also defended slaves who had escaped and were accused under the recently enacted Fugitive Slave Act of 1850. As Cincinnati was just across the Ohio River from Kentucky, a slave state, many such cases were tried in its courts. A staunch abolitionist, Hayes found his work on behalf of fugitive slaves personally gratifying as well as politically useful, as it raised his profile in the newly formed Republican party. His political reputation rose with his professional plaudits. Hayes declined the Republican nomination for a judgeship in 1856. Two years later, some Republicans proposed Hayes to fill a vacancy on the bench and he considered accepting the appointment until the office of city solicitor also became vacant. The city council elected Hayes to fill the vacancy, and he won a full two-year term from the voters in April 1859 with a larger majority than other Republicans on the ticket.
Civil War.
West Virginia and South Mountain.
As the Southern states started to secede after Lincoln's election to the Presidency in 1860, Hayes was lukewarm on the idea of a civil war to restore the Union. Considering that the two sides might be irreconcilable, he suggested that the Union "et them go." Although Ohio had voted for Lincoln in 1860, the Cincinnati voters turned against the Republican party after secession, and the Democrats and Know-Nothings combined to sweep the city elections in April 1861, ejecting Hayes from the city solicitor's office. Returning to private practice, Hayes formed a very brief law partnership with Leopold Markbreit, lasting a mere three days before the war began. After the Confederates had fired on Fort Sumter, Hayes resolved his doubts and joined a volunteer company composed of his Literary Society friends. That June, Governor William Dennison appointed several of the officers of the volunteer company to positions in the 23rd Regiment of Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Hayes was promoted to major, and his friend and college classmate Stanley Matthews was appointed lieutenant colonel; also joining the regiment as a private was another future president, William McKinley.
After a month of training, Hayes and the 23rd Ohio set out for western Virginia in July 1861 as a part of the Kanawha Division. They passed the next few months out of contact with the enemy until September, when the regiment encountered Confederates at Carnifex Ferry in present-day West Virginia and drove them back. In November, Hayes was promoted to lieutenant colonel (Matthews having been promoted to colonel of another regiment) and led his troops deeper into western Virginia, where they entered winter quarters. The division resumed its advance the following spring, and Hayes led several raids against the rebel forces, on one of which he sustained a minor injury to his knee. That September, Hayes's regiment was called east to reinforce General John Pope's Army of Virginia at the Second Battle of Bull Run. Although Hayes and his troops did not arrive in time for the battle, they joined the Army of the Potomac as it hurried north to cut off Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia, which was advancing into Maryland. Marching north, the 23rd was the lead regiment encountering the Confederates at the Battle of South Mountain on September 14. Hayes led a charge against an entrenched position and was shot through his left arm, fracturing the bone. He had one of his men tie a handkerchief above the wound in an effort to stop the bleeding, and continued to lead his men in the battle. While resting, he ordered his men to meet a flanking attack, but instead his entire command moved backward, leaving Hayes lying in between the lines. Fearing he might not survive, Hayes left messages for his wife and friends with a wounded Confederate soldier who was lying near him. Eventually, his men brought Hayes back behind their lines, and he was taken to hospital. The regiment continued on to Antietam, but Hayes was out of action for the rest of the campaign. In October, he was promoted to colonel and assigned to command of the first brigade of the Kanawha Division as a brevet brigadier general.
Army of the Shenandoah.
The division spent the following winter and spring near Charleston, Virginia (present-day West Virginia), out of contact with the enemy. Hayes saw little action until July 1863, when the division skirmished with John Hunt Morgan's cavalry at the Battle of Buffington Island. Returning to Charleston for the rest of the summer, Hayes spent the fall encouraging the men of the 23rd Ohio to re-enlist, and many did so. In 1864, the Army command structure in West Virginia was reorganized, and Hayes's division was assigned to George Crook's Army of West Virginia. Advancing into southwestern Virginia, they destroyed Confederate salt and lead mines there. On May 9, they engaged Confederate troops at Cloyd's Mountain, where Hayes and his men charged the enemy entrenchments and drove the rebels from the field. Following the rout, the Union forces destroyed Confederate supplies and again successfully skirmished with the enemy.
Hayes and his brigade moved to the Shenandoah Valley for the Valley Campaigns of 1864. Crook's corps was attached to Major General David Hunter's Army of the Shenandoah and soon back in contact with Confederate forces, capturing Lexington, Virginia on June 11. They continued south toward Lynchburg, tearing up railroad track as they advanced. Hunter believed the troops at Lynchburg were too powerful, however, and Hayes and his brigade returned to West Virginia. Hayes thought that Hunter lacked aggression, writing in a letter home that "General Crook would have taken Lynchburg." Before the army could make another attempt, Confederate General Jubal Early's raid into Maryland forced their recall to the north. Early's army surprised them at Kernstown on July 24, where Hayes was slightly wounded by a bullet to the shoulder. Hayes also had a horse shot out from under him, and the army was defeated. Retreating into Maryland, the army was reorganized again, with Major General Philip Sheridan replacing Hunter. By August, Early was retreating up the valley, with Sheridan in pursuit. Hayes's troops fended off a Confederate assault at Berryville and advanced to Opequon Creek, where they broke the enemy lines and pursued them farther south. They followed up the victory with another at Fisher's Hill on September 22, and one more at Cedar Creek on October 19. At Cedar Creek, Hayes sprained his ankle after being thrown from a horse and was struck in the head by a spent round, which did not cause serious damage. Hayes's conduct drew the attention of his superiors, with Ulysses S. Grant later writing of Hayes that "is conduct on the field was marked by conspicuous gallantry as well as the display of qualities of a higher order than that of mere personal daring."
Cedar Creek marked the end of the campaign. Hayes was promoted to brigadier general in October 1864 and brevetted major general. Around this time, Hayes learned of the birth of another son, George Crook Hayes. The army went into winter quarters once more, and in spring 1865 the war quickly came to a close with Lee's surrender to Grant at Appomattox. Hayes visited Washington, D.C. that May and observed the Grand Review of the Armies, after which he and the 23rd Ohio returned to their home state to be mustered out of the service.
Post-war politics.
Congressman.
While serving in the Army of the Shenandoah in 1864, Hayes received the Republican nomination to the House of Representatives from Ohio's 2nd congressional district. Asked by friends in Cincinnati to leave the army to campaign, Hayes refused, saying that an "officer fit for duty who at this crisis would abandon his post to electioneer for a seat in Congress ought to be scalped." Instead, Hayes wrote several letters to the voters explaining his political positions and was elected by a 2,400-vote majority over the incumbent Democrat, Alexander Long.
When the 39th Congress assembled in December 1865, Hayes was sworn in as a part of a large Republican majority. Hayes identified with the moderate wing of the party, but was willing to vote with the radicals for the sake of party unity. The major legislative effort of the Congress was the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, for which Hayes voted and which passed both houses of Congress in June 1866. Hayes's beliefs were in line with his fellow Republicans on Reconstruction issues: that the South should be restored to the Union, but not without adequate protections for freedmen and other black southerners. President Andrew Johnson, to the contrary, wanted to readmit the seceded states quickly without first ensuring that they adopted laws protecting the newly freed slaves' civil rights and granted pardons to many of the leading former Confederates. Hayes, along with congressional Republicans, disagreed. They worked to reject Johnson's vision of Reconstruction and to pass the Civil Rights Act of 1866. Re-elected in 1866, Hayes returned to the lame-duck session to vote for the Tenure of Office Act, which ensured that Johnson could not remove administration officials without the Senate's consent. He also unsuccessfully pressed for a civil service reform bill that attracted the votes of many reform-minded Republicans. Hayes continued to vote with the majority in the 40th Congress on the Reconstruction Acts, but resigned in July 1867 to campaign for governor of Ohio.
Governor of Ohio.
A popular Congressman and former soldier, Hayes was considered by Ohio Republicans to be an excellent standard-bearer for the 1867 election campaign. Hayes's political views were more moderate than the Republican party's platform, although he agreed with the proposed amendment to the Ohio state constitution that would guarantee suffrage to black Ohioans. Hayes's opponent, Allen G. Thurman, made the proposed amendment the centerpiece of the campaign, and both men campaigned vigorously, making speeches across the state, mostly focusing on the suffrage question. The election was mostly a disappointment to Republicans, as the amendment failed to pass and Democrats gained a majority in the state legislature. Hayes thought at first that he, too, had lost, but the final tally showed that he had won the election by 2,983 votes of 484,603 votes cast.
As a Republican governor with a Democratic legislature, Hayes had a limited role in governing, especially since Ohio's governor had no veto power. Despite these constraints, Hayes oversaw the establishment of a school for deaf-mutes and a reform school for girls. He also endorsed the impeachment of President Andrew Johnson and urged his conviction, which failed by one vote in the United States Senate. Nominated for a second term in 1869, Hayes campaigned once more for equal rights for black Ohioans and sought to associate his Democratic opponent, George H. Pendleton with disunion and racism. Hayes was re-elected with an increased majority, and the Republicans took the legislature, ensuring Ohio's ratification of the Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, which guaranteed black suffrage. With a Republican legislature, Hayes's second term was more enjoyable, and he was gratified to see suffrage expanded and a state Agricultural and Mechanical College (later to become Ohio State University) established. He also proposed a reduction in state taxes and reform of the state prison system. Choosing not to seek re-election, Hayes looked forward to retiring from politics in 1872.
Private life and return to politics.
As Hayes prepared to leave office, several delegations of reform-minded Republicans urged him to run against the incumbent Republican, John Sherman, for United States Senate. Hayes declined the offers, preferring to preserve party unity and retire to private life. Hayes especially looked forward to spending time with his children, two of whom (daughter Fanny and son Scott) had been born in the past five years. Initially, Hayes tried to promote railway extensions to his hometown, Fremont, and spent the rest of his time managing some real estate he had acquired in Duluth, Minnesota. Not entirely removed from politics, Hayes held out some hope of a cabinet appointment, but was disappointed to receive only an appointment as assistant U.S. treasurer at Cincinnati, which he turned down. He also allowed himself to be nominated for his old House seat in 1872 but was not disappointed when he lost the election to Henry B. Banning, a fellow Kenyon College alumnus. In 1873, Lucy gave birth to another son, Manning Force Hayes. That same year, the Panic of 1873 hurt business prospects across the nation, including Hayes's. Sardis Birchard died that year and the Hayes family moved into Spiegel Grove, the grand house Birchard had built with them in mind. Hayes hoped to remain out of politics in order to pay off the debts he had incurred during the Panic, but when the Republican state convention nominated him for governor in 1875, he accepted. The campaign against Democratic nominee William Allen focused primarily on Protestant fears of the possibility of state aid to Catholic schools. Hayes was against such funding and, while he was not known to be personally anti-Catholic, he allowed anti-Catholic fervor to contribute to the enthusiasm for his candidacy. The campaign was a success, and Hayes was returned to the governorship by a 5,544-vote majority.
Election of 1876.
Republican nomination and campaign against Tilden.
Hayes's success in Ohio immediately elevated him to the top ranks of Republican politicians under consideration for the presidency in 1876. The Ohio delegation to the 1876 Republican National Convention was united behind him, and Senator John Sherman did all in his power to bring Hayes the nomination. In June 1876, the convention assembled with James G. Blaine of Maine as the favorite. Blaine started with a significant lead in the delegate count but could not muster a majority. As he failed to gain votes, the delegates looked elsewhere for a nominee and settled on Hayes on the seventh ballot. The convention then selected Representative William A. Wheeler of New York for Vice President, a man about whom Hayes had recently asked "I am ashamed to say: who is Wheeler?"
The Democratic nominee was Samuel J. Tilden, the Governor of New York. Tilden was considered a formidable adversary who, like Hayes, had a reputation for honesty. Also like Hayes, Tilden was a hard-money man and supported civil service reform. The campaign, in accordance with the custom of the time, was conducted by surrogates, with Hayes and Tilden remaining in their respective home towns. The poor economic conditions made the party in power unpopular and made Hayes suspect that he might lose the election. Both candidates focused their attention on the swing states of New York and Indiana, as well as the three southern states—Louisiana, South Carolina, and Florida—where Reconstruction governments still ruled. The Republicans emphasized the danger of letting Democrats run the nation so soon after southern Democrats provoked the Civil War and, to a lesser extent, the danger a Democratic administration would pose to the recently won civil rights of southern blacks. Democrats, for their part, trumpeted Tilden's record of reform and contrasted it with the corruption of the incumbent Grant administration.
As the returns were tallied on election day, it was clear that the race was close: Democrats had carried most of the South, as well as New York, Indiana, Connecticut, and New Jersey. The popular vote also favored Tilden, but Republicans realized that if they held the three unredeemed southern states together with some of the western states, they would emerge with an electoral college majority.
Disputed electoral votes.
On November 11, three days after election day, Tilden appeared to have won 184 electoral votes: one short of a majority. Hayes appeared to have 166 votes, with the 19 votes of Florida, Louisiana, and South Carolina still in doubt. Republicans and Democrats each claimed victory in the three latter states, but the results in those states were rendered uncertain because of fraud by both parties. To further complicate matters, one of the three electors from Oregon (a state Hayes had won) was disqualified, reducing Hayes's total to 165, and raising the disputed votes to 20. If either candidate could be awarded the 20 disputed votes, he would be elected president.
There was considerable debate about which person or house of Congress was authorized to decide between the competing slates of electors, with the Republican Senate and the Democratic House each claiming priority. By January 1877, with the question still unresolved, Congress and President Grant agreed to submit the matter to a bipartisan Electoral Commission, which would be authorized to determine the fate of the disputed electoral votes. The Commission was to be made up of five representatives, five senators, and five Supreme Court justices. To ensure partisan balance, there would be seven Democrats and seven Republicans, with Justice David Davis, an independent respected by both parties, as the fifteenth member. The balance was upset when Democrats in the Illinois legislature elected Davis to the Senate, hoping to sway his vote. Davis disappointed Democrats by refusing to serve on the Commission because of his election to the Senate. As all of the remaining Justices were Republicans, Justice Joseph P. Bradley, believed to be the most independent-minded of them, was selected to take Davis's place on the Commission. The Commission met in February and the eight Republicans voted to award all 20 electoral votes to Hayes. Democrats were outraged by the result and attempted a filibuster to prevent Congress from accepting the Commission's findings.
As the March 4 inauguration day neared, Republican and Democratic Congressional leaders met at Wormley's Hotel in Washington to negotiate a compromise. Republicans promised concessions in exchange for Democratic acquiescence in the Committee's decision. The primary concession Hayes promised would be the withdrawal of federal troops from the South and an acceptance of the election of Democratic governments in the remaining "unredeemed" states of the South. The Democrats agreed, and on March 2, the filibuster was ended. Hayes was elected, but Reconstruction was finished.
Presidency 1877–1881.
Inauguration.
Because March 4, 1877 fell on a Sunday, Hayes took the oath of office privately on Saturday, March 3, in the Red Room of the White House, the first president to do so in the Executive Mansion. He took the oath publicly on the following Monday on the East Portico of the United States Capitol. In his inaugural address, Hayes attempted to soothe the passions of the past few months, saying that "he serves his party best who serves his country best". He pledged to support "wise, honest, and peaceful local self-government" in the South, as well as reform of the civil service and a full return to the gold standard. Despite his message of conciliation, many Democrats never considered Hayes's election legitimate and referred to him as "Rutherfraud" or "His Fraudulency" for the next four years.
Civil rights and the end of Reconstruction.
Hayes had been a firm supporter of Republican Reconstruction policies throughout his political career, but the first major act of his presidency was an end to Reconstruction and the return of the South to home rule. Even without the conditions of the Wormley's Hotel agreement, Hayes would have been hard-pressed to continue the policies of his predecessors. The House of Representatives in the 45th Congress was controlled by a Democratic majority that refused to appropriate enough funds for the army to continue to garrison the South. Even among Republicans, devotion to continued military Reconstruction was fading. Only two states were still under Reconstruction's sway when Hayes assumed the Presidency and, without troops to enforce the voting rights laws, these too soon fell.
Hayes's later attempts to protect the rights of southern blacks were ineffective, as were his attempts to rebuild Republican strength in the South. He did, however, defeat Congress's efforts to curtail federal power to monitor federal elections. Democrats in Congress passed an army appropriation bill in 1879 with a rider that repealed the Force Acts. Those Acts, passed during Reconstruction, made it a crime to prevent someone from voting because of his race. Hayes was determined to preserve the law protecting black voters, and he vetoed the appropriation. The Democrats did not have enough votes to override the veto, but they passed a new bill with the same rider. Hayes vetoed this as well, and the process was repeated three times more. Finally, Hayes signed an appropriation without the offensive rider, but Congress refused to pass another bill to fund federal marshals, who were vital to the enforcement of the Force Acts. The election laws remained in effect, but the funds to enforce them were curtailed for the time being.
Hayes next attempted to reconcile the social mores of the South with the recently passed civil rights laws by distributing patronage among southern Democrats. "My task was to wipe out the color line, to abolish sectionalism, to end the war and bring peace," he wrote in his diary. "To do this, I was ready to resort to unusual measures and to risk my own standing and reputation within my party and the country." All of his efforts were in vain; Hayes failed to convince the South to accept the idea of racial equality and failed to convince Congress to appropriate funds to enforce the civil rights laws.
Civil service reform.
Hayes took office determined to reform the system of civil service appointments, which had been based on the spoils system since Andrew Jackson was president. Instead of giving federal jobs to political supporters, Hayes wished to award them by merit according to an examination that all applicants would take. Immediately, Hayes's call for reform brought him into conflict with the Stalwart, or pro-spoils, branch of the Republican party. Senators of both parties were accustomed to being consulted about political appointments and turned against Hayes. Foremost among his enemies was New York Senator Roscoe Conkling, who fought Hayes's reform efforts at every turn. To show his commitment to reform, Hayes appointed one of the best-known advocates of reform, Carl Schurz, to be Secretary of the Interior and asked Schurz and William M. Evarts, his Secretary of State, to lead a special cabinet committee charged with drawing up new rules for federal appointments. John Sherman, the Treasury Secretary, ordered John Jay to investigate the New York Custom House, which was stacked with Conkling's spoilsmen. Jay's report suggested that the New York Custom House was so overstaffed with political appointees that 20% of the employees were expendable.
Although he could not convince Congress to outlaw the spoils system, Hayes issued an executive order that forbade federal office holders from being required to make campaign contributions or otherwise taking part in party politics. Chester A. Arthur, the Collector of the Port of New York, and his subordinates Alonzo B. Cornell and George H. Sharpe, all Conkling supporters, refused to obey the president's order. In September 1877, Hayes demanded the three men's resignations, which they refused to give. He submitted appointments of Theodore Roosevelt, Sr., L. Bradford Prince, and Edwin Merritt—all supporters of Evarts, Conkling's New York rival—to the Senate for confirmation as their replacements. The Senate's Commerce Committee, which Conkling chaired, voted unanimously to reject the nominees, and the full Senate rejected Roosevelt and Prince by a vote of 31–25, confirming Merritt only because Sharpe's term had expired.
Hayes was forced to wait until July 1878 when, during a Congressional recess, he sacked Arthur and Cornell and replaced them by recess appointments of Merritt and Silas W. Burt, respectively. Conkling opposed the appointees' confirmation when the Senate reconvened in February 1879, but Merritt was approved by a vote of 31–25, as was Burt by 31–19, giving Hayes his most significant civil service reform victory. For the remainder of his term, Hayes pressed Congress to enact permanent reform legislation and fund the United States Civil Service Commission, even using his last annual message to Congress in 1880 to appeal for reform. While reform legislation did not pass during Hayes's presidency, his advocacy provided "a significant precedent as well as the political impetus for the Pendleton Act of 1883," which was signed into law by President Chester Arthur. Hayes allowed some exceptions to the ban on assessments, permitting George Congdon Gorham, secretary of the Republican Congressional Committee, to solicit campaign contributions from federal office-holders during the Congressional elections of 1878.
Hayes also dealt with corruption in the postal service. In 1880, Schurz and Senator John A. Logan asked Hayes to shut down the "star route" rings, a system of corrupt contract profiteering in the Postal Service, and to fire Second Assistant Postmaster-General Thomas J. Brady, the alleged ring leader. Hayes stopped granting new star route contracts, but let existing contracts continue to be enforced. Democrats accused Hayes of delaying proper investigation so as not to injure Republican chances in the 1880 elections but did not press the issue in their campaign literature, as members of both parties were implicated in the corruption. As historian Hans L. Trefousse later wrote, Hayes "hardly knew the chief suspect and certainly had no connection with the [star route corruption." Although Hayes and the Congress both investigated the contracts and found no compelling evidence of wrongdoing, Brady and others were indicted for conspiracy in 1882. After two trials, the defendants were found not guilty in 1883.
Great Railroad Strike.
In his first year in office, Hayes was faced with the United States' largest labor disturbance to date, the Great Railroad Strike of 1877. In order to make up for financial losses suffered since the panic of 1873, the major railroads cut their employees' wages several times in 1877. In July of that year, workers from the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad walked off the job in Martinsburg, West Virginia to protest their reduction in pay. The strike quickly spread to workers of the New York Central, Erie, and Pennsylvania railroads, with the strikers soon numbering in the thousands. Fearing a riot, Governor Henry M. Mathews asked Hayes to send federal troops to Martinsburg, and Hayes did so, but when the troops arrived there was no riot, only a peaceful protest. In Baltimore, however, a riot did erupt on July 20 and Hayes ordered the troops at Fort McHenry to assist the governor in its suppression; by the time they arrived, the riot had dispersed. Pittsburgh next exploded into riots, but Hayes was reluctant to send in troops without the governor first requesting them. Other discontented citizens joined the railroad workers in rioting. After a few days, he resolved to send in troops to protect federal property wherever it appeared to be threatened and gave Major General Winfield Scott Hancock overall command of the situation, marking the first use of federal troops to break a strike against a private company. The riot spread further, to Chicago and St. Louis, where strikers shut down railroad facilities. By July 29, the riots had ended and federal troops returned to their barracks. Although no federal troops had killed any of the strikers, or been killed themselves, clashes between state militia troops and strikers resulted in deaths on both sides. The railroads were victorious in the short term, as the workers returned to their jobs and some wage cuts remained in effect, but the public blamed the railroads for the strikes and violence, and they were compelled to improve working conditions and attempted no further cuts. Business leaders praised Hayes, but his own opinion was more equivocal; as he recorded in his diary: "The strikes have been put down by "force;" but now for the "real" remedy. Can't something done by education of strikers, by judicious control of capitalists, by wise general policy to end or diminish the evil? The railroad strikers, as a rule, are good men, sober, intelligent, and industrious."
Currency debate.
Hayes confronted two issues regarding the currency, the first of which was the coinage of silver, and its relation to gold. In 1873, the Coinage Act of 1873 stopped the coinage of silver for all coins worth a dollar or more, effectively tying the dollar to the value of gold. As a result, the money supply contracted and the effects of the Panic of 1873 grew worse, making it more expensive for debtors to pay debts they had contracted when currency was less valuable. Farmers and laborers, especially, clamored for the return of coinage in both metals, believing the increased money supply would restore wages and property values. Democratic Representative Richard P. Bland of Missouri proposed a bill that would require the United States to coin as much silver as miners could sell the government, thus increasing the money supply and aiding debtors. William B. Allison, a Republican from Iowa offered an amendment in the Senate limiting the coinage to two to four million dollars per month, and the resulting Bland–Allison Act passed both houses of Congress in 1878. Hayes feared that the Act would cause inflation that would be ruinous to business, effectively impairing contracts that were based on the gold dollar, as the silver dollar proposed in the bill would have an intrinsic value of 90 to 92 percent of the existing gold dollar. Further, Hayes believed that inflating the currency was an act of dishonesty, saying "xpediency and justice both demand an honest currency." He vetoed the bill, but Congress overrode his veto, the only time it did so during his presidency.
The second issue concerned United States Notes (commonly called greenbacks), a form of fiat currency first issued during the Civil War. The government accepted these notes as valid for payment of taxes and tariffs, but unlike ordinary dollars, they were not redeemable in gold. The Specie Payment Resumption Act of 1875 required the treasury to redeem any outstanding greenbacks in gold, thus retiring them from circulation and restoring a single, gold-backed currency. Sherman agreed with Hayes's favorable opinion of the Act, and stockpiled gold in preparation for the exchange of greenbacks for gold. Once the public was confident that they could redeem greenbacks for specie (gold), however, few did so; when the Act took effect in 1879, only $130,000 out of the $346,000,000 outstanding dollars in greenbacks were actually redeemed. Together with the Bland–Allison Act, the successful specie resumption effected a workable compromise between inflationists and hard money men and, as the world economy began to improve, agitation for more greenbacks and silver coinage quieted down for the rest of Hayes's term in office.
Foreign policy.
Most of Hayes's foreign policy concerns involved Latin America. In 1878, following the Paraguayan War, he arbitrated a territorial dispute between Argentina and Paraguay. Hayes awarded the disputed land in the Gran Chaco region to Paraguay, and the Paraguayans honored him by renaming a city (Villa Hayes) and a department (Presidente Hayes) in his honor. Hayes was also perturbed over the plans of Ferdinand de Lesseps, the builder of the Suez Canal, to construct a canal across the Isthmus of Panama, which was then owned by Colombia. Concerned about a repetition of French adventurism in Mexico, Hayes interpreted the Monroe Doctrine firmly. In a message to Congress, Hayes explained his opinion on the canal: "The policy of this country is a canal under American control ... The United States cannot consent to the surrender of this control to any European power or any combination of European powers."
The Mexican border also drew Hayes's attention. Throughout the 1870s, "lawless bands" often crossed the border on raids into Texas. Three months after taking office, Hayes granted the Army the power to pursue bandits, even if it required crossing into Mexican territory. Porfirio Díaz, the Mexican president, protested the order and sent troops to the border. The situation calmed as Díaz and Hayes agreed to jointly pursue bandits and Hayes agreed not to allow Mexican revolutionaries to raise armies in the United States. The violence along the border decreased, and in 1880 Hayes revoked the order allowing pursuit into Mexico.
Outside of the Western hemisphere, Hayes's biggest foreign policy concern dealt with China. In 1868, the Senate had ratified the Burlingame Treaty with China, allowing an unrestricted flow of Chinese immigrants into the country. As the economy soured after the Panic of 1873, Chinese immigrants were blamed for depressing workmen's wages. During the Great Railroad Strike of 1877, anti-Chinese riots broke out in San Francisco, and a third party, the Workingman's Party, was formed with an emphasis on stopping Chinese immigration. In response, Congress passed a Chinese Exclusion Act in 1879, abrogating the 1868 treaty. Hayes vetoed the bill, believing that the United States should not abrogate treaties without negotiation. The veto drew praise among eastern liberals, but Hayes was bitterly denounced in the West. In the subsequent furor, Democrats in the House of Representatives attempted to impeach him, but narrowly failed when Republicans prevented a quorum by refusing to vote. After the veto, Assistant Secretary of State Frederick W. Seward suggested that both countries work together to reduce immigration, and he and James Burrill Angell negotiated with the Chinese to do so. Congress passed a new law to that effect, the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, after Hayes left office.
Indian policy.
Interior Secretary Carl Schurz carried out Hayes's American Indian policy, beginning with preventing the War Department from taking over the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Hayes and Schurz carried out a policy that included assimilation into white culture, educational training, and dividing Indian land into individual allotments. Hayes believed that his policies would lead to self-sufficiency and peace between Indians and whites. The allotment system was favored by liberal reformers at the time, including Schurz, but instead proved detrimental to American Indians as most of their land was later resold at low prices to white speculators. Hayes and Schurz reformed the Bureau of Indian Affairs to reduce fraud and gave Indians responsibility for policing their understaffed reservations.
Hayes dealt with several conflicts with Indian tribes. The Nez Perce, led by Chief Joseph, began an uprising in June 1877 when Major General Oliver O. Howard ordered them to move on to a reservation. Howard's men defeated the Nez Perce in battle, and the tribe began a 1700-mile retreat into Canada. In October, after a decisive battle at Bear Paw, Montana, Chief Joseph surrendered and General William T. Sherman ordered the tribe transported to Kansas, where they were forced to remain until 1885. The Nez Perce war was not the last conflict in the West, as the Bannocks rose up in Spring 1878 and raided nearby settlements before being defeated by Howard's army in July of that year. War with the Ute tribe broke out in 1879 when the Utes killed Indian agent Nathan Meeker, who had been attempting to convert them to Christianity. The subsequent White River War ended when Schurz negotiated peace with the Utes and prevented the white Coloradans from taking revenge for Meeker's death.
Hayes also became involved in resolving the removal of the Ponca tribe from Nebraska to Indian Territory (present-day Oklahoma) because of a misunderstanding during the Grant Administration. The tribe's problems came to Hayes's attention after their chief, Standing Bear, filed a lawsuit to contest Schurz's demand that they stay in Indian Territory. Overruling Schurz, Hayes set up a commission in 1880 that ruled Ponca were free to return to Nebraska or stay on their reservation in Indian Territory. The Ponca were awarded compensation for their land rights, which had been previously granted to the Sioux. In a message to Congress in February 1881, Hayes insisted he would "give to these injured people that measure of redress which is required alike by justice and by humanity."
Hayes's White House.
Hayes and his wife, Lucy, were known for their policy of keeping an alcohol-free White House, giving rise to her nickname "Lemonade Lucy." The first reception at the Hayes White House included wine. However, Hayes was dismayed at drunken behavior at receptions hosted by ambassadors around Washington, leading him to follow his wife's temperance leanings. Alcohol was not served again in the Hayes White House. Critics charged Hayes with parsimony, but Hayes spent more money (which came out of his personal budget) after the ban, ordering that any savings from eliminating alcohol be used on more lavish entertainment. His temperance policy also paid political dividends, strengthening his support among Protestant ministers. Although Secretary Evarts quipped that at the White House dinners, "water flowed like wine," the policy was a success in convincing prohibitionists to vote Republican.
Judicial appointments.
Hayes appointed two Associate Justices to the Supreme Court. The first vacancy occurred when David Davis resigned to enter the Senate during the election controversy of 1876. On taking office, Hayes appointed John Marshall Harlan to the seat. A former candidate for governor of Kentucky, Harlan had been Benjamin Bristow's campaign manager at the 1876 Republican convention, and Hayes had earlier considered him for Attorney General. Hayes submitted the nomination in October 1877, but it aroused some dissent in the Senate because of Harlan's limited experience in public office. Harlan was nonetheless confirmed and served on the court for thirty-four years, in which he voted (usually in the minority) for an aggressive enforcement of the civil rights laws. In 1880, a second seat became vacant upon the resignation of Justice William Strong. Hayes nominated William Burnham Woods, a carpetbagger Republican circuit court judge from Alabama. Woods served six years on the Court, ultimately proving a disappointment to Hayes as he interpreted the Constitution in a manner more similar to that of Southern Democrats than to Hayes's own preferences.
Hayes attempted, unsuccessfully, to fill a third vacancy in 1881. Justice Noah Haynes Swayne resigned with the expectation that Hayes would fill his seat by appointing Stanley Matthews, who was a friend of both men. Many Senators objected to the appointment, believing that Mathews was too close to corporate and railroad interests, especially those of Jay Gould., and the Senate adjourned without voting on the nomination. The following year, when James A. Garfield entered the White House, he re-submitted Mathews's nomination to the Senate, which this time confirmed Mathews by one vote, 24 to 23. Mathews served for eight years until his death in 1889. His opinion in "Yick Wo v. Hopkins" in 1886 advanced his and Hayes' views on the protection of ethnic minorities' rights.
Later life and death.
Hayes declined to seek re-election in 1880, keeping his pledge that he would not run for a second term. He was gratified with the election of James A. Garfield to succeed him, and consulted with him on appointments for the next administration. After Garfield's inauguration, Hayes and his family returned to Spiegel Grove. Although he remained a loyal Republican, Hayes was not too disappointed in Grover Cleveland's election to the Presidency in 1884, approving of the New York Democrat's views on civil service reform. He was also pleased at the progress of the political career of William McKinley, his army comrade and political protégé.
Hayes became an advocate for educational charities, advocating federal education subsidies for all children. He believed that education was the best way to heal the rifts in American society and allow individuals to improve themselves. Hayes was appointed to the Board of Trustees of The Ohio State University, the school he helped found during his time as governor of Ohio, in 1887. He emphasized the need for vocational, as well as academic, education: "I preach the gospel of work," he wrote, "I believe in skilled labor as a part of education." He urged Congress, unsuccessfully, to pass a bill written by Senator Henry W. Blair that would have allowed federal aid for education for the first time. Hayes gave a speech in 1889 encouraging black students to apply for scholarships from the Slater Fund, one of the charities with which he was affiliated. One such student, W. E. B. Du Bois, received a scholarship in 1892. Hayes also advocated better prison conditions.
In retirement, Hayes was troubled by the disparity between the rich and the poor, saying in an 1886 speech that "free government cannot long endure if property is largely in a few hands and large masses of people are unable to earn homes, education, and a support in old age." The following year, Hayes recorded his thoughts on that subject in his diary:
Hayes was greatly saddened by his wife's death in 1889. He wrote that "the soul had left Grove" when she died. After Lucy's death, Hayes's daughter, Fanny, became his traveling companion and he enjoyed visits from his grandchildren. In 1890, he chaired the Lake Mohonk Conference on the Negro Question, a gathering of reformers that met in upstate New York to discuss racial issues. Hayes died of complications of a heart attack at his home on January 17, 1893. His last words were "I know that I'm going where Lucy is." President-elect Grover Cleveland and Ohio Governor William McKinley led the funeral procession that followed Hayes's body until he was interred in Oakwood Cemetery. Following the donation of his home to the state of Ohio for the Spiegel Grove State Park, he was re-interred there in 1915. The following year the Hayes Commemorative Library and Museum, the first presidential library in the United States, was opened on the site, funded by contributions from the state of Ohio and Hayes' family.
Sources.
Books
Articles

</doc>
<doc id="19729252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729252" title="Gunnar Lemvigh">
Gunnar Lemvigh

Gunnar Lemvigh (28 March 1909 – 16 November 1979) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 52 films between 1939 and 1977.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19729257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729257" title="Henry Sharp">
Henry Sharp

Henry Sharp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19729259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729259" title="Newbridge boxing club">
Newbridge boxing club

The Newbridge Boxing Club is a boxing gym operated by Enzo Calzaghe and based in Newbridge (Tre Celyn) in South Wales. The club has been one of the most successful of recent years, at one point in 2007 boasting three genuine world champions in Joe Calzaghe (WBO super-middleweight), Enzo Maccarinelli (WBO cruiserweight) and Gavin Rees (WBA light welterweight) . Other fighters of note who have won belts at the club include former Commonwealth light middleweight champion Bradley Pryce and former WBU champion and world title challenger Gary Lockett who retired in Sept 2008.
The clubhouse.
The club itself is in its second generation, as the original clubhouse, deemed unsafe by the local council, was demolished in 2002. Following the demolition, Joe and his father Enzo bought another clubhouse just a mile away in Cwmcarn and set about transforming an old rugby club into a boxing gym. 
The club is situated near an industrial park next to a rugby pitch and reached by a set of wooden steps on which the boxers use to train. The sign greeting people is hand painted and trash dots the weedy yard. This impression of the club does not meet expectations when people think about it being the training HQ for a World champion. According to a reporter from the LA Times who visited the clubhouse prior to Joe's clash with Bernard Hopkins, ""in places, it’s just a few notches north of squalid"". One reporter during the same press trip is alleged to have spotted a dead mouse floating in a sink.
Despite appearances Joe Calzaghe has described the place as feeling ""like a palace"" compared with the previous gym which had a ring made out of carpet and held up by broom handles. Prior to the move to the new clubhouse boxers had trained for years in what Joe describes as ""the mangiest little building you could possibly imagine"" with no heating, no showers, bad toilets and buckets to trap the rain.
World champions.
Notwithstanding its seemingly unglamorous reputation, the Newbridge Boxing Club has produced some of Britain's best boxers, most notably the former WBO super middleweight champion Joe Calzaghe whose victories over Jeff Lacy, Mikkel Kessler, Bernard Hopkins and Roy Jones, Jr were all achieved by training in Newbridge. Joe's friend Enzo Maccarinelli won his WBO cruiserweight title whilst training there, and defended against challenger Wayne Braithwaite before being stopped by David Haye. Light-welterweight Gavin Rees shocked the world when he beat Frenchman Souleymane M'baye to win the WBA title before losing it to Andreas Kotelnik. Middleweight Gary Lockett held the lightly regarded WBU belt but achieved fame when he unsuccessfully challenged world number one Kelly Pavlik in Atlantic City for the undisputed middleweight crown. The Newbridge Boxing Club, considering its location in such a small town, has had a disproportionate influence on the global boxing scene.

</doc>
<doc id="19729274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729274" title="Egypt–Switzerland relations">
Egypt–Switzerland relations

Egyptian-Swiss relations are the bilateral relations between Egypt and Switzerland. Official diplomatic relation between both countries date back from 1909, with the opening of a Swiss trade mission in Egypt. Egypt has an embassy in Berne and a general consulate in Geneva. Switzerland has an embassy in Cairo.
Luxor massacre.
On November 17, 1997 36 Swiss tourists were killed in Luxor, Egypt during the Luxor massacre. The attack was perpetrated by Al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya.

</doc>
<doc id="19729291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729291" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Bolivia">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Bolivia

The Ambassador from the United Kingdom to Bolivia is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Bolivia, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in La Paz.
Early diplomats.
Diplomatic relations were suspended in October 1853. 
Bolivia was combined with Peru until 1910.
Ministers to Bolivia, 1910-1947.
The following were Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Bolivia:

</doc>
<doc id="19729293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729293" title="Pakistan–Turkmenistan relations">
Pakistan–Turkmenistan relations

Pakistan–Turkmenistan relations are the relations between Turkmenistan and Pakistan. Relations between the two countries were established after Turkmenistan became independent from the Soviet Union. Pakistan was one of the first countries to recognise the independence of Turkmenistan in December 1991. Formal diplomatic relations were established on 10 May 1992. To celebrate the 10th anniversary of Turkmenistan's independence in 2001 Pakistan issued stamps bearing the flag of Turkmenistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19729300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729300" title="Valeri Abramidze">
Valeri Abramidze

Valeri Abramidze (; born 17 January 1980 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian footballer. He currently plays for Sioni Bolnisi in the Umaglesi Liga. He also holds Russian citizenship.
Spartak Moscow.
Abramidze joined FC Spartak Moscow during summer 2002, signed 5-year contract. He made 15 league appearances for Spartak, and 4 2002 UEFA Champions League as well, scoring no goals.
Being loaned out to FC Uralan Elista in 2003, he left Spartak for FC Khimki in 2004.
Khazar scandal.
During 2007 summer mid-season, Abramidze had major issues leaving FK Khazar Lenkoran. While Abramidze was sure he had signed one-year contract in 2006 and now he is free agent, FK Khazar Lenkoran authorities told that he'd signed contract that is 2-year long. The problem seemed to be with contract in Azeri language while Abramidze had not knew Azeri and had not have a translated version.
As a result, Abramidze had lost a lot of time while trying to be transferred to Anzhi, so the club could not include him into the signing list for Russian First Division in 2007. That's why Abramidze was out of football during from September 2007 to the season 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19729309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729309" title="2009 Individual Speedway Junior European Championship">
2009 Individual Speedway Junior European Championship

The 2009 Individual Under-19 European Championship will be the 12th UEM Individual Speedway Junior European Championship season. The Final will be place on 11 July 2009 in Tarnów, Poland; it will be fourth Final in Poland, but first time in Tarnów. Defending European Champion is Artur Mroczka from Poland who won in 2008 Final in Stralsund, Germany.
Domestic Qualifications.
Poland.
The Final of Domestic Qualification to Individual Junior European Championship () was canceled. Main Commission of Speedway Sport (part of Polish Motor Union) nominated secent rirders and one reserve:

</doc>
<doc id="19729312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729312" title="Glasflügel BS-1">
Glasflügel BS-1

The Glasflügel BS-1, sometimes called the Björn Stender BS-1 or the Stender BS-1, is a West German, high-wing, single seat, T-tailed, FAI Open Class glider that was designed by Björn Stender and produced by Glasflügel.
Design and development.
The prototype BS-1 was designed by Stender as the initials indicate; the BS-1 was closely based on his earlier Akaflieg Braunschweig SB-6 Nixope, produced whilst he was still an undergraduate. Two prototypes were built by him and his three assistants in 1962. He was then a young engineering student and designed the aircraft at the request of a South African sailplane pilot and industrialist, producing a design that was very advanced for its time. While the designer was test flying of one of the prototypes in 1963 the aircraft suffered an in-flight structural failure and Stender was killed. Glasflügel then took over the project and re-engineered the design, based on their experience producing the Glasflügel H-301 Libelle. The company went on to build 18 production aircraft.
The BS-1 is constructed entirely from fiberglass and features an wing with flaps and dive brakes. For further glidepath control the BS-1 has a tail-mounted parachute. The landing gear is a retractable monowheel.
A planned improved model, the BS-1b, was never produced.
Operational history.
The BS-1 was considered one of the first soaring "super ships" and was one of the most high-performing gliders of its time, the mid-1960s. Alfred Rohm of West Germany flew a BS-1 to a world speed record of in 1967. Thierry Thys of San Leandro, California flew a BS-1 on a flight in 1970. At that time it was the third-longest soaring flight ever made.

</doc>
<doc id="19729313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729313" title="Glasflügel 604">
Glasflügel 604

The Glasflügel 604 is a high-wing, T-tailed, single seat, FAI Open Class glider that was designed and produced in West Germany by Glasflügel starting in 1970.
Developed from the Kestrel 17 the 604 is often erroneously called a "Kestrel 22". In fact the company never gave it a formal name beyond its number designation.
Design and development.
The 604 was originally intended as a test aircraft for a proposed two-seat glider that was never built. The prototype did so well in competition that a ten-aircraft production run was completed, resulting in a total of eleven 604s being completed, including the prototype.
Due to the aircraft's huge size, including its three-piece wing that weighs over , the aircraft picked up the nickname "the Jumbo". The wing centre section alone weighs , making rigging it for flight a chore that requires a large crew.
The 604 is constructed from fibreglass. The wing employs a modified Wortmann FX 67-K-170 airfoil at the wing root, changing to a Wortmann FX 67-K-150 at the wing tip. The wing features six flaps, with the outer pair moving at a 2:1 differential ratio with the ailerons. For glidepath control the 604 has wing top-surface spoilers and a tail-mounted drag chute. The aircraft can carry of water ballast. The landing gear is a retractable monowheel.
Operational history.
The 604 prototype, flown by Walter Neubert, came in sixth in the 1970 World Gliding Championships held at Marfa, Texas, even though the pilot was lost overnight after a land-out during the competition and missed the following day. A 604 came second in the Open Class at the 1974 World Championships held at Waikerie, South Australia. The aircraft also set several world records between 1970 and 1974.
In 1981 Marion Griffith Jr. flew a 604 for from Refugio, Texas to Liberal, Kansas to win the Barringer Trophy, as well as set a US distance to a goal record. 
In July 2011 five of the eleven 604s built were located in the United States and registered with the Federal Aviation Administration in the "Experimental - Racing/Exhibition" category.

</doc>
<doc id="19729317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729317" title="Pogled (mountain)">
Pogled (mountain)

Pogled (Serbian Cyrillic: Поглед) is a mountain peak on the border between Kosovo, Serbia and Montenegro. With an elevation of 2,156 meters, it is the highest peak of Mokna which is part of the Prokletije. Pogled is just east of the second highest peak in Mokna, Beleg.

</doc>
<doc id="19729326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729326" title="Jan Priiskorn-Schmidt">
Jan Priiskorn-Schmidt

Jan Priiskorn-Schmidt (born 22 February 1951) is a Danish film actor. He appeared in 25 films between 1960 and 1972.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19729330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729330" title="Iván Fundora">
Iván Fundora

Ivan Fundora Zaldivar (born April 14, 1976) is a male freestyle wrestler from Cuba who won the bronze medal in the Men's freestyle 74kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics. He also won bronze at the 2007 FILA Wrestling World Championships.
Fundora participated in the Men's freestyle 74 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics where he lost the bronze medal match against Kiril Terziev.

</doc>
<doc id="19729337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729337" title="Jan Schmidt">
Jan Schmidt

Jan Schmidt (born 3 January 1934) is a Czech film director. He directed sixteen films between 1960 and 1995. His 1969 film "The Lanfier Colony" was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19729348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729348" title="Bergakungen">
Bergakungen

SF Filmstaden Bergakungen () is a cineplex located in Gothenburg, Sweden. Bergakungen has 14 cinemas with a total capacity of 2,260 visitors. The cinema has Sweden's two largest projection screens, measuring 18 × 8 meters (59 × 26 ft) each.
Bergakungen also has a VIP cinema. Before the film starts you wait in the lounge with an open bar. The VIP cinema has more comfortable seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19729351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729351" title="Eli Hurvitz">
Eli Hurvitz

Eli Hurvitz (, born 1932, died 21 November 2011) was an Israeli industrialist. He was the Chairman of the Board and former CEO of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries at the time of his death.
Biography.
Eliyahu (Eli) Hurvitz was born in Jerusalem, in the British Mandate of Palestine, in 1932. In 1934, his family moved to Tel Aviv. In May 1948, he and his classmates were drafted by the Israel Defense Forces to fight in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. In early 1949 he resumed his studies for five months and completed his matriculation (Bagrut) exams. After graduation, he joined kibbutz Tel Katzir, where he met Dalia Solomon. In June 1953 they married, and they left the kibbutz in October.
Hurwitz studied economics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He joined Assia Chemical Labs Ltd., a small firm of which Dalia's father was a managing partner, as a dishwasher in the laboratory. After his graduation from Hebrew University in 1957 he began doing office work at Assia and moved to executive ranks. In 1964, Assia merged with Zori and in 1969 acquired a controlling interest in Teva. In 1976, the three firms merged into Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. with Hurvitz as the CEO. He resigned as CEO in 2002 and handed over the position to Israel Makov, and from then on until his death in 2011 had been the firm's Chairman of the Board.
Hurvitz served as chairman of the Israel Export Institute from 1974 to 1978. In 1981 he was made president of the Israel Manufacturers Association, a position he held until 1986. From 1985 to 1986 he headed Shimon Peres' economic plan to fight the inflation, for which he was awarded the Industry Prize. In 1986 he was appointed chairman of the board of Bank Leumi. In 1987, he resigned after his name was associated with Israel's bank stock crisis of 1983.
Hurvitz was chairman of the Jerusalem Development Authority from 1989 to 1992; a member of the Advisory Committee of the Bank of Israel from 1991 to 1995; director of Koor Industries Ltd. from 1997 to 2004; and director of Magal Security System Ltd. from 1992 to 1994. He also served as chairman of the Executive Committee of the Weizmann Institute of Science from 1989 to 1995. He has been a member of the board of governors of Tel Aviv University since 2001, a director of Vishay Technologies since 1997, and chair of the Israel Democracy Institute since 2002.
In March 1996 he was indicted on charges of a $18 million tax evasion in corporate taxes as head of a Teva subsidiary, Promedico. In 1998 he was convicted by the Jerusalem district court, but was acquitted by the Supreme Court of Israel in 2000.
Awards and honours.
Hurvitz received honorary doctorates from the Technion Israel Institute of Technology in 1990, the Weizmann Institute of Science in 1994, Ben-Gurion University in 2002 and Tel Aviv University in 2004. 
In 2002, he received the Israel Prize, for lifetime achievement and special contribution to society and the State. 
In 2005, Hurvitz was named Business Leader of the Decade by Dun & Bradstreet. 
From 2002 to 2005 he served as a member of the International Council of the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs. In 2006, Forbes estimated his wealth at $500 million and listed him as the 30th-richest Israeli. 
In 2005, he was voted the 85th-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet" to determine whom the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis. In 2008, he was voted the third-most respected manager in the Israeli market.
In 2011, he received the honorary award of the Ariel University Center of Samaria. Horowitz received the award for his many years of promoting high-tech industry, economy and society in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="19729356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729356" title="Zurab Arziani">
Zurab Arziani

Zurab Malkhazovich Arziani (born October 19, 1987) is a Georgian footballer who plays for FC Gazovik Orenburg. He also holds Russian citizenship.
He is the son of Malkhaz Arziani.

</doc>
<doc id="19729359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729359" title="Greece–Zimbabwe relations">
Greece–Zimbabwe relations

Greek-Zimbabwean relations are the bilateral relations between Greece and Zimbabwe. Greece has an embassy in Harare. Due to the economic situation, Zimbabwe has neither an embassy nor an honorary consulate in Greece.
History.
The Greek community in Zimbabwe reached a peak of about 13,000-15,000 in 1972. It has since been reduced to about 1,100 Greeks or people of Greek origin from the instability in Zimbabwe. 
There are three Greek language schools owned by the Greek community in Harare, the first has been in operation since 1954. There is a Greek high school, a Greek elementary school, and a Greek kindergarten.
In 1982, Greece agreed to provide Zimbabwe with economic, tourist, and trade assistance.
Starting in 2002 relations between Greece and Zimbabwe have been influenced by European Union imposed sanctions. The sanctions include a ban on "visas to government officials, freezing their assets in the EU and a ban on selling arms". The last ministerial official visits took place in 1998.
The Holy Archbishopric of Zimbabwe and Southern Africa is under the jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Alexandria. Patriarch Theodore II of Alexandria, was put in place in December 2004 to serve the Holy Archbishopric in Zimbabwe. In 2007 Robert Mugabe met with Theodore.
In 2008, the Greek Ambassador to Zimbabwe, Mihail Koukakis talked about two new aid projects for the people of Zimbabwe, a food programme worth $70,000; and $75,000 for Chivhu Hospital in Harare.

</doc>
<doc id="19729366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729366" title="Khirbet al-Faras">
Khirbet al-Faras

Khirbat Al Faras () is a Syrian city administratively belonging to Tartus Governorate located in the Khawabi region, its distance from city of Tartus about 20 km. Khirbat Al Faras has an altitude of 300 meters and surrounded by two rivers. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Khirbet al-Faras had a population of 1,113 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites, although there is an Ismaili minority. 

</doc>
<doc id="19729367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729367" title="Dobri Voynikov">
Dobri Voynikov

Dobri Popov Voynikov (; 10 November 1833 – 27 March 1878) was a Bulgarian teacher, playwright and journalist of the Bulgarian National Revival. He is regarded as the father of modern Bulgarian theatre and the first Bulgarian producer. Voynikov was among the founders of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.
Voynikov was born in the city of Şumnu, Ottoman Empire (now Shumen, Bulgaria) in 1833 and studied at Sava Filaterov, Ivan Bogorov and Sava Dobropolodni's schools. He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Istanbul in 1858 and became a teacher in Shumen, where he remained until 1864. In Shumen, he was an active public figure and took an active part in the Bulgarian Church struggle and the establishment of secular Bulgarian education.
In 1864, he was forced to emigrate to the autonomous Romanian Principalities, settling first in Brăila and then moving to Giurgiu in 1873. In 1866, he was for a while part of the Secret Central Bulgarian Committee. He authored brochures in French, revealing the atrocities committed by the Ottoman authorities in the Bulgarian lands and enlightened the goals of the Bulgarian revolutionary movement. As an émigré in Romania Voynikov came to be involved in theatre: he founded a Bulgarian amateur theatrical company in Brăila in 1865 and headed it until 1870. For the first time in the history of Bulgarian theatre, women took part as actresses. He continued his involvement in theatre in Giurgiu, Bucharest and Shumen.
Voynikov authored several plays, both dramas and comedies: "Princess Rayna" (1866), "Baptism of the Preslav Court" (1868), "Velislava, Bulgarian Princess" (1870), "The Enthronement of Krum the Fearsome" (1871), the famous "The Phoney Civilization" (1873), "The Chorbadzhia" (1881), "A Physician in Spite of Himself" (1884) and the unpublished "Dimanka or True First Love". His plays constitute the main repertoire of Bulgarian National Revival theatre and set some trends that were continued by the next generations of playwrights, such as Vasil Drumev and Ivan Vazov.
In the early 1870s Voynikov was close to the right-wing Band of Virtues group who assisted him in obtaining Russian citizenship; thus, Voynikov could return to Bulgaria in 1874. During the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878, he was the director of an orphanage in Tarnovo, where he died of typhus.

</doc>
<doc id="19729385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729385" title="Blinded by the Light (film)">
Blinded by the Light (film)

Blinded by the Light is a 1980 television film directed by John A. Alonzo. The film is based upon a Robin F. Brancato novel.
Plot.
David Bowers is a teenager who runs away from home to join a quasi-religious cult. His sister Janet is determined to find him, but almost winds up getting brainwashed by the cult herself.

</doc>
<doc id="19729397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729397" title="Kyrgyzstan–Pakistan relations">
Kyrgyzstan–Pakistan relations

Kyrgyzstan–Pakistan relations are the relations between Kyrgyzstan and Pakistan. Relations between the two countries were esablished on 20 December 1991 shortly after Kazakhstan became independent from the Soviet Union. Diplomatic relations were formally established on 10 May 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19729399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729399" title="Edith Hermansen">
Edith Hermansen

Edith Hermansen (11 December 1907 – 9 February 1988) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 30 films between 1946 and 1969.
She was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19729402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729402" title="2008 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid">
2008 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid

The 2008 Madrid Masters (also known as the "Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 7th edition of the Madrid Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the Madrid Arena in Madrid, Spain, from October 13 through October 19, 2008.
The singles field was led by World No. 1, Beijing Olympics singles gold medalist, French Open and Wimbledon, Monte Carlo, Hamburg, Toronto Masters champion Rafael Nadal, ATP No. 2, US Open titlist, Olympic doubles gold medalist, Madrid defending finalist Roger Federer, and Australian Open, Indian Wells, Rome Masters winner Novak Djokovic. Other top seeds were US Open runner-up, Cincinnati Masters titlist Andy Murray, Miami Masters, Pörtschach, Warsaw winner Nikolay Davydenko, David Ferrer, David Nalbandian and Andy Roddick.

</doc>
<doc id="19729406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729406" title="Peter Rasmussen">
Peter Rasmussen

Peter Rasmussen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19729412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729412" title="Rezo Dzhikiya">
Rezo Dzhikiya

Rezo Koteyevich Dzhikiya (; born September 1, 1980) is a Russian footballer who currently plays for FC Kolkheti-1913 Poti.

</doc>
<doc id="19729430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729430" title="Neil De Marchi">
Neil De Marchi

Neil De Marchi is an Australian economist and historian of economic thought and is a Professor at Duke University. De Marchi specializes in both teaching and research that pertains to the history of economic ideas and the history of markets, and also the functioning of markets with a specific focus on art markets. His works have appeared in such journals as the Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization, the Journal of Econometrics, the European Journal for the History of Economic Thought, and the Art Bulletin. He has also contributed to pieces within various books, having written introductions to such works as “Idealization in Economics, Poznan Studies 38,” and a biographical entry of John Stuart Mill for The Handbook of Economic Methodology. De Marchi received his Ph.D. from Australian National University in 1970, after completing his B.Phil in economics at the University of Oxford. He also obtained his B.Ec with first-class honors in 1960 from the University of Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19729434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729434" title="Gurdan Saini">
Gurdan Saini

Gurdan Saini (also known as Gurdas Saini) was a military general who died in a battle between the Turk forces of Jalal ud din Firuz Khilji and the Rajput forces of Rana Hamir in the 14th century CE.
Career.
According to Kishori Lal, "Saini was a great general and had led several expeditions into the country of Malwa and Gujarat." He was killed in battle. The historians Henry Miers Elliot and John Dowson cite "Miftah al-Futuh", a work by Amir Khusro, who describes Gurdan Saini in the Sisodia Rajput army of Rana Hamir: 

</doc>
<doc id="19729441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729441" title="Azerbaijan–Greece relations">
Azerbaijan–Greece relations

In the 9th century BC, the seminomadic Scythians settled in areas of present day Azerbaijan. A century later, the Medes, who were related ethnically to the Persians, established an empire that included present day southernmost Azerbaijan. The Archaemenid Persians, under Cyrus the Great, took over the western part of Azerbaijan when they subdued the Assyrian Empire to the west. In 330 BC, Alexander the Great absorbed the entire Archaemenid Empire into his holdings, leaving Persian satraps to govern as they advanced eastward. During the 6th century the Byzantine Empire established relations with Caucasian Albania.
Uzun Hassan was married with Greek princess Desphina and he have defended Empire of Trebizond against to Ottoman army. Hassan's grandson Ismail I was the founder of Safavid dynasty and remains as a national hero of Azerbaijan. During Russian rule of Azerbaijan and Ottoman rule of Greece relations between these two were totally stopped. Azerbaijan got established a democratic republic in 1918 but was incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1920. Azerbaijan regained independence in 1991 which was recognized by Greece in December 31, 1991. Diplomatic relations established in 1992. The Greek embassy in Baku was opened in the spring of 1993. The embassy of Azerbaijan in Athens was opened in August 2004.
Both countries are full members of Council of Europe, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) and the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation (BSEC). Greece was the first European Union member country that wanted directly import gas from Azerbaijan. Both countries enjoyed recently developed close relations in trade, culture, and economy. Greek diaspora in Azerbaijan is concentrated in Baku and numbers about 250-300 people, most of them are descendants of the Black Sea Greeks of Asia Minor who in the late 19th and early 20th centuries migrated to Azerbaijan.
Political and commercial relations.
The nations of Azerbaijan and Greece each maintain bi-lateral, diplomatic relations. Each state maintains a full embassy, Azerbaijan in Athens and Greece in Baku. Recently in February 2009, Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev visited Greece in order to boost bilateral relations. The leader met with Greek President Karolos Papoulias, as well as the Greek Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis. At the meeting between the officials, the two nations agreed that they must work more closely to get Azeri gas into Greece to help ease recent security issues.
In the past the two nations have made many deals related to the oil industry. In 2007 Greek Development Minister Dimitris Sioufas signed a "memorandum of cooperation" in the sectors of natural gas and oil while in Baku. Sioufas referred to this memorandum as a "new page in economic and energy relations of the two countries."
Cooporation on Human rights.
Greek MP Elsa Papadimitriou as Member of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, visited Azerbaijan to her collaborator Oqtay Asadov the Chairman of Azeri Parliament and Justice Minister Fikrat Mammadov and head of the department for law enforcement egancy Fuad Alasgarov. Finally she attended a seminar with the Chairman of the State Committee for Religious Organizations Hidayat Orujor.
Tourism.
In a meeting in New York Greek Foreign Minister Dimitris Avramopoulos expressed his interest to Elmar Mammadyarov in developing cooperation with Azerbaijan in the tourism sector. Azeri tourists to Greece rapidly grow, exceeding 225000 in 2011 with the most popular destination being Santorini.

</doc>
<doc id="19729450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729450" title="Glorious Song Stakes">
Glorious Song Stakes

The Glorious Song Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually in mid-November at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. A race on dirt open to Two-year-old fillies, since 2006 it has contested over Seven furlongs on Polytrack synthetic dirt.
Inaugurated in 1981 at Toronto's now defunct Greenwood Raceway, in 1994 the race was moved to the Woodbine facility. 
It is named in honour of Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame filly, Glorious Song, owned by Frank Stronach and Nelson Bunker Hunt.
The Glorious Song Stakes was run in two divisions in 1985.
Records.
Speed record: (Through 1998, Woodbine times were recorded in fifths of a second. Since 1999 they are in hundredths of a second)
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="19729451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729451" title="Ulvik (village)">
Ulvik (village)

Ulvik is a village in the municipality of Ulvik, Hordaland, Norway. It is located at the end of the Ulvik fjord, a side arm of the Hardangerfjord. The Ulvik urban settlement, as defined by Statistics Norway, had 661 inhabitants as of 2008. As the urban area covers 0.97 km², the population density is 681 per km². 
The centre of the village is Brakanes and has a cinema as well as a few shops. Brakanes skule is a primary and lower secondary school and the only school in Ulvik. It has about 150 pupils.
History.
The village centre of Ulvik was burned by the Germans in April 1940, as retaliation to having been hindered by Norwegian resistance fighters in landing in Ulvik. In total, 56 houses were burned. The following day, the population, mainly farmers, were chased away from their homes, not being able to return for several months. It was, however, rebuilt after the war, with the hotel reopening in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="19729460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729460" title="Vendor-specific objective evidence">
Vendor-specific objective evidence

In accounting practices, vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) is a method of revenue recognition allowed by US GAAP that enables companies to recognize revenue on specific items on a multi-item sale based on evidence specific to a company that the product has been delivered.
GAAP rules and pronouncements come from the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) which is a non-profit organization that the accounting profession has created to promulgate and to amend the rules of GAAP reporting as required. The Accounting Standards Executive Committee of the AICPA instituted SOP 97-2. The purpose of GAAP is to level the playing field for public-company reporting – protecting shareholders and investors by preventing earnings from being stated before they are actually earned. Therefore, a company selling software with a package including installation and a one year maintenance contract can only record the sale on a deferred basis and earnings are recognized over the term of the maintenance contract. However based on VSOE, you allocate by splitting the fee amongst the products and related elements – which is the price established by the vendor for the separate sale of each element and are able to recognize some of the revenue at delivery. This allows companies that sell items that have software licenses, support contracts and hardware items recognizing the revenue of the hardware items on delivery, and the software license or support contract based on the fulfillment of the time the contract it is related to.
VSOE revenue recognition is commonly used by companies that sell software products and services in multiple-element bundles. VSOE focuses on the fair market value of an item sold individually, as opposed to the assigned sales value of the item sold as part of a multiple-element bundle. You can use the VSOE feature to determine VSOE prices of items and defer the recognition of this revenue.
NOTE: The VSOE feature is intended for use by United States companies to maintain GAAP compliance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Statement of Position 97-2 (SOP 97-2) and SOP 98-9 (the residual method). For more information on these SOPs, visit www.aicpa.org

</doc>
<doc id="19729467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729467" title="Franklin Pierce">
Franklin Pierce

Franklin Pierce (November 23, 1804October 8, 1869) was the 14th President of the United States (1853–1857) and is the only President from New Hampshire. Pierce was a Democrat and a "doughface" (a Northerner with Southern sympathies) who served in the U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate. Pierce took part in the Mexican–American War and became a brigadier general in the Army. His private law practice in his home state was so successful that he was offered several important positions, which he turned down. Later, he was nominated as the party's candidate for president on the 49th ballot at the 1852 Democratic National Convention. In the presidential election, Pierce and his running mate William R. King won by a landslide in the Electoral College. They defeated the Whig Party ticket of Winfield Scott and William A. Graham by a 50 percent to 44 percent margin in the popular vote and 254 to 42 in the electoral vote.
He made many friends, but he suffered tragedy in his personal life; all of his children died young. As president, he made many divisive decisions which were widely criticized and earned him a reputation as one of the worst presidents in U.S. history. Pierce's popularity in the Northern states declined sharply after he supported the Kansas–Nebraska Act, which replaced the Missouri Compromise and renewed debate over the expansion of slavery in the American West. Pierce's credibility was further damaged when several of his diplomats issued the Ostend Manifesto. The historian David Potter concludes that the Ostend Manifesto and the Kansas–Nebraska Act were "the two great calamities of the Franklin Pierce administration... Both brought down an avalanche of public criticism." More importantly, says Potter, they permanently discredited Manifest Destiny and "popular sovereignty" as political doctrines.
Despite a reputation as an able politician and a likable man, during Pierce's presidency he served only as a moderator among the increasingly bitter factions that were driving the nation towards civil war. Abandoned by his party, Pierce was not renominated to run in the 1856 presidential election. His reputation was destroyed during the Civil War when he declared support for the Confederacy, and personal correspondence between Pierce and the Confederate President Jefferson Davis was leaked to the press.
Philip B. Kunhardt and Peter W. Kunhardt reflected the views of many historians when they wrote in "The American President" that Pierce was
"a good man who didn't understand his own shortcomings. He was genuinely religious, he loved his wife, and he reshaped himself so that he could adapt to her ways and show her true affection. He was one of the most popular men in New Hampshire, polite and thoughtful, easy, and good at the political game, charming and fine and handsome. However, he has been criticized as timid and unable to cope with a changing America."
Early life and education.
Franklin Pierce was born in a log cabin in Hillsborough, in the northeastern state of New Hampshire, on November 23, 1804. He was a sixth-generation descendant of Thomas Pierce, who had moved to the Massachusetts Bay Colony from Shropshire, England, in the 1630s. Pierce's father Benjamin was then a prominent New Hampshire state legislator, farmer, and tavern-keeper. A lieutenant in the Revolutionary War, Benjamin moved from Chelmsford, Massachusetts to Hillsborough after the war, purchasing fifty acres of land. Franklin Pierce was the fifth of eight children born to Benjamin and his second wife, Anna Kendrick (his first wife Elizabeth Andrews died in childbirth, leaving a daughter). During Pierce's childhood his father served as a governor's council member and county sheriff as a candidate of the Democratic-Republican and later the Democratic Party, while two of his older brothers fought in the War of 1812; politics and republicanism were thus a major influence in his early life.
Pierce's father, who sought to ensure that his sons were educated, placed Pierce in a brick schoolhouse at Hillsborough Center in childhood and sent him to Hancock Academy at the age of 12. The boy was not fond of schooling and grew homesick at Hancock. According to a popular anecdote he walked twelve miles back to his home one Sunday; his father fed him dinner and drove him part of the distance back to school before kicking him out of the carriage and ordering him to walk the rest of the way in a thunderstorm. Pierce learned from the experience, later citing this moment as "the turning-point in my life". Later that year he transferred to Phillips Exeter Academy to prepare for college. By this time he had built a reputation as a charming but rambunctious student.
In fall 1820, Pierce entered Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, one of nineteen freshmen. He joined the Athenian Society, a progressive literary society and rival to the school's older group, the Peucinians. The two societies were the center of social life at Bowdoin, and Pierce was joined by fellow Athenians Jonathan Cilley (later elected to Congress) and Nathaniel Hawthorne (now a literary icon), with whom he formed lasting friendships. Among Pierce's other noteworthy classmates was author Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, although the two were not especially close. In his second year of college, Pierce had the second lowest grades in his class, but he worked to improve them; he ranked third among his classmates when he graduated in 1824. After briefly studying with former New Hampshire Governor Levi Woodbury, a family friend, he spent a semester at Northampton Law School in Northampton, Massachusetts, followed by a period of study under Judge Edmund Parker in Amherst, New Hampshire. He was admitted to the bar in the fall of 1827 and began work on a practice in Hillsborough.
Life in New Hampshire.
State politics.
With his father climbing the ranks of New Hampshire politics, Pierce was never far from a political discussion, speech, or campaign. By 1824 the state was a hotbed of partisanship, with figures such as Woodbury and Isaac Hill laying the groundwork for a party of "democrats" in support of General Andrew Jackson. They opposed the established Federalists (and their successors, the National Republicans), who were led by sitting President John Quincy Adams. The work of the New Hampshire Democratic Party came to fruition in March 1827 when their pro-Jackson nominee, Benjamin Pierce, won the support of the pro-Adams faction and was elected governor of New Hampshire essentially unopposed. While the younger Pierce had set out to build a career as an attorney, he was fully drawn into the realm of politics as the 1828 presidential election between Adams and Jackson approached. In the state elections held in March 1828, the Adams crowd withdrew their support of Benjamin Pierce, voting him out of office, but Franklin Pierce won his first election: Hillsborough town moderator, a position to which he would be elected for six consecutive years.
That year Pierce actively campaigned in his district on behalf of Jackson, who carried both the district and the nation by a large margin in the November election. The election further strengthened the Democratic Party, and Pierce won his first legislative seat the following year, representing Hillsborough in the New Hampshire House of Representatives (Pierce's father, meanwhile, won a second term as governor, his last before retiring.) He was made chairman of the House Education Committee and re-elected the following year. By 1831 the Democrats held a legislative majority and Pierce was elected speaker of the House. The young speaker used his platform to oppose the expansion of banking, protect the state militia, and to offer support to the national Democrats and Jackson's re-election effort. At the age of 27 he was a star of the New Hampshire Democratic Party, although his personal life was nowhere near as successful—in his personal letters he continued to lament his bachelorhood and yearned to find a life beyond Hillsborough.
Pierce was appointed aide de camp to Governor Samuel Dinsmoor in 1831. He remained in the state militia until 1847 and attained the rank of Colonel before becoming a Brigadier General in the Army during the Mexican–American War.
In late 1832, the Democratic Party convention nominated Pierce for one of New Hampshire's five seats in the U.S. House of Representatives. This was tantamount to election for the young Democrat, as the Federalist Party had become nearly powerless in the state, further dampened by Jackson's re-election that year. Pierce won the March 1833 election to Congress unopposed, but he would not take office until the end of the year, and his attention was elsewhere. He had recently become engaged to Jane Means Appleton, and bought his first house in Hillsborough. He maintained some distance from the state legislature throughout the year, while finishing his final term as speaker.
Marriage and family.
On November 19, 1834, Pierce married Jane Means Appleton (1806–63), the daughter of Jesse Appleton, a former president of Bowdoin College. Jane was Pierce's opposite. Born into an elite Whig family, she was shy, whereas he was very extroverted. Often ill, she was deeply religious and pro-temperance. They lived permanently in Concord, New Hampshire. They had three children, all of whom died in childhood:
None of the sons lived to see his father become president. Benjamin's death occurred after his father's election, but before his inauguration.
Congressional career.
U.S. House of Representatives.
He departed in November 1833 for Washington, D.C., where the Twenty-third United States Congress convened on December 2. With Jackson's second term underway, Congress had a strong Democratic majority, whose primary focus was to prevent the Second Bank of the United States from being rechartered. The Democrats, including Pierce, shot down challenges from the newly formed Whig Party, and the bank was dissolved. Pierce broke from his party on occasion, opposing Democratic bills to fund internal improvements with federal money. He saw both the bank and infrastructure spending as unconstitutional. The Pierces married in November 1834; this period was fairly uneventful from a legislative standpoint, and Pierce was easily re-elected the following March. He returned to Hillsborough with Jane, remodeled his home, and attended to his law practice until the Twenty-fourth Congress convened in December.
As northern abolitionism grew more vocal in the mid-1830s, Congress was inundated with petitions from anti-slavery groups seeking legislative action to restrict slavery in the United States. From the beginning, Pierce found the abolitionists' "agitation" to be an annoyance, and saw federal action against slavery as an infringement on southern states' rights, even though he was morally opposed to slavery itself. "I consider slavery a social and political evil," Pierce said, "and most sincerely wish that it had no existence upon the face of the earth." Still, he wrote in December 1835, "One thing must be perfectly apparent to every intelligent man. This abolition movement must be crushed or there is an end to the Union." He was also frustrated with the "religious bigotry" of abolitionists, who cast their political opponents as sinners.
When Rep. James Henry Hammond of South Carolina looked to prevent anti-slavery petitions from reaching the House floor, however, Pierce sided with the abolitionists' right to petition. In his House speeches he portrayed the abolitionist petitioners as a minority in his state; he said that most of the signatories were women and children—i.e., nonvoters, whose opinions were irrelevant to congressional business. He was attacked by the New Hampshire anti-slavery "Herald of Freedom" as a "doughface", which had the dual meaning of "craven spirited man" and "northerner with southern sympathies"; he took to the House floor to express his indignation at the insult.
U.S. Senate.
The departure in May 1836 of then-Senator Isaac Hill, who had been elected governor of New Hampshire, left a brief interim opening to be filled by the state legislature. Pierce's candidacy for the Senate was championed by Representative John P. Hale, a fellow Athenian from his college days. After a vigorous debate, the legislature chose John Page to fill the rest of Hill's term. In 1837 Pierce was elected to a full six-year term beginning in March 1837, and succeeded Page, becoming the youngest member of the Senate at that time. The election came at a difficult time for Pierce, as his father, sister, and brother were all seriously ill, while Jane continued to suffer from chronic health issues.
Pierce was a reliable party-line vote on most issues in the Senate. He was an able politician, but never an eminent one; he was overshadowed by the Great Triumvirate of Henry Clay, Daniel Webster, and John C. Calhoun who then dominated the Senate. Pierce entered the Senate at a time of worldwide economic crisis, as the Panic of 1837 was underway. He considered the depression a result of the banking system's rapid growth, amidst "the extravagance of overtrading and the wilderness of speculation". He supported newly elected Democratic president Martin Van Buren and his plan to create an independent treasury, a proposal which split the Democratic Party. Debate over slavery continued to roil Congress, and Pierce supported a resolution by John C. Calhoun to preserve slavery in Washington, D.C. In his view, the abolitionists' attempt to ban slavery in the capital was a dangerous stepping stone to nationwide emancipation. Meanwhile, the Whigs were growing in strength against the Democrats, which would leave Pierce's party with only a slight majority by the end of the decade.
One topic of particular importance to Pierce was the military. He challenged a bill which would expand the ranks of the Army's staff officers in Washington without any apparent benefit to line officers at posts in the rest of the country. He took interest in military pensions, seeing abundant fraud within the system, and was named chairman of the Senate Committee on Military Pensions in the Twenty-sixth Congress (1839–1841). As a member of the Committee on Military Affairs, he urged a modernization and expansion of the Army, with a focus on militias and mobility rather than coastal fortifications which he considered outdated.
He campaigned vigorously throughout his home state for Van Buren's re-election in the 1840 presidential election. The incumbent carried New Hampshire but lost the national vote to William Henry Harrison, the Whig military hero, and the Whigs took a majority of seats in the Twenty-seventh Congress. Pierce and the Democrats were quick to challenge the new administration, questioning Harrison's use of the spoils system and protesting the renewed Whig plan for a national bank. While the Democrats were outnumbered, circumstances changed when Harrison died one month into his term, leaving John Tyler as his successor; Tyler's opposition to a national bank crippled the Whigs' efforts. In December 1841 Pierce decided to resign from Congress, something he had been planning for some time. His last acts in the Senate were to oppose a bill distributing federal funds to the states, believing that the money should go to the military instead; and to challenge the Whigs to reveal the results of their investigation of the New York Customs House, where the Whigs had probed for Democratic corruption for nearly a year but issued no findings.
Life after Congress.
Pierce had plenty of incentive to leave Washington. Several years earlier he and Jane had moved from Hillsborough to the capital city of Concord, where he would benefit from the abundant legal opportunities in Concord and Jane would enjoy a more robust community life. Jane remained in Concord with her young son Frank and her newborn Benjamin for the latter part of Pierce's Senate term, and this separation was taking a toll on the family. Pierce, meanwhile, had begun a law partnership with Asa Fowler where he practiced during congressional recesses; the practice was an increasingly demanding but lucrative opportunity. All this gave him much to attend to when he returned to Concord. Pierce returned to Concord in early 1842, and his reputation as a lawyer continued to flourish. Known for his gracious personality, eloquence, and excellent memory, Pierce would attract large audiences to hear him deliver an argument in court. He would often represent poor clients for little to no compensation.
Despite Pierce's growing career and family obligations, he was immediately drawn into the political turmoil growing within the state Democratic Party. Governor Hill, who represented the commercial, urban wing of the party, supported the use of government charters to confer special privileges on corporations, such as limited liability and eminent domain for building rail. The radical "locofoco" wing of his party represented farmers and other rural voters, who sought an expansion of social programs and labor regulations and a restriction on corporate privileges. The state's political culture grew less tolerant of banks and corporations in the wake of the Panic of 1837, and Hill was voted out of office. Pierce was closer to the radicals philosophically, and reluctantly served as attorney in a publisher's dispute against Hill, which made tensions worse.
In June 1842 Pierce was named chairman of the State Democratic Committee. In the following year's state election he helped the radical wing take over the state legislature despite Hill's efforts to retain control. The party was split on several issues, including railroad development and the temperance movement, and Pierce took a leading role in helping the state legislature settle their differences. His priorities were "order, moderation, compromise, and party unity", which he tried to place ahead of his personal views on political issues.
The surprise victory of dark horse Democratic candidate James K. Polk in the 1844 presidential election was welcome news to Pierce, who had befriended the former Speaker of the House during his time in Congress. Pierce had campaigned heavily for Polk during the election, and in turn Polk appointed him U.S. Attorney for the District of New Hampshire shortly after taking office. Polk's most prominent cause was the annexation of Texas, an issue which caused a dramatic split between Pierce and his former ally Hale, now a U.S. Representative. Hale was so impassioned against adding a new slave state that he wrote a letter to 1,400 Democrats in New Hampshire outlining his opposition to the measure. Pierce "immediately sprang into action", assembling the state Democratic leadership to oust Hale from the party. What followed was a political firestorm which led to Pierce cutting off ties with his longtime friend, and with his law partner Fowler, who was a Hale supporter.
Mexican–American War.
Active military service was a long-held dream for Pierce, who had admired his father's and brothers' service in his youth. As a legislator, he was a passionate advocate for volunteer militias. As a militia officer himself, he had experience mustering and drilling bodies of troops. When President Polk declared war against Mexico in May 1846, Pierce immediately volunteered to join, although no New England regiment yet existed. His hope to fight in the war was one reason he refused an offer to become U.S. Attorney General. As the efforts of Generals Winfield Scott and Zachary Taylor grew more intense, Congress passed a bill authorizing creation of ten regiments, and Pierce was appointed Colonel and commander of the 9th Infantry Regiment in February 1847.
On March 3 he was promoted to Brigadier General. He took command of a brigade of reinforcements for General Scott's army, which at the time was plotting to invade Mexico City via the port of Vera Cruz. Needing time to assemble his brigade, Pierce reached the already-seized port of Vera Cruz in late June, where he prepared a march of 2,500 men along with supplies to catch up with Scott. The three-week journey inland was perilous, and the men fought off several attacks before joining with Scott's army in early August, in time for the Battle of Contreras. The battle was disastrous for Pierce: his horse was suddenly startled during a charge, knocking Pierce groin-first against his saddle. The horse then tripped into a crevice and fell, pinning Pierce underneath and leaving him with a debilitating knee injury.
He returned to his command the following day, but was in grievous pain and spent much of the time resting in back of a wagon. As the Battle of Churubusco approached, he was ordered by Scott to the rear. He responded, "For God's sake, General, this is the last great battle, and I must lead my brigade." Scott yielded, and Pierce entered the fight tied to his saddle, but the pain in his leg became so great that he passed out on the field. The Americans won the battle and Pierce helped negotiate an armistice. He then returned to command and led his brigade throughout the rest of the campaign, eventually taking part in the capture of Mexico City in mid-September, although his brigade was held in reserve for much of the battle. He remained in command during the three-month occupation of the city, while frustrated with the stalling of peace negotiations, and tried to distance himself from the constant conflict between Scott and the other generals.
Pierce was finally allowed to return to Concord in late December 1847. He was given a positive reception in his home state and issued his resignation from the Army, which was approved on March 20, 1848. His military exploits elevated his popularity in Hew Hampshire, but his injuries and subsequent troubles in battle led to accusations of cowardice from his opponents for the rest of his political career. He had demonstrated competence as a general, especially in his initial march from Vera Cruz, but his short tenure and his injury left little for historians to judge his ability as a military commander.
Ulysses S. Grant, who had the opportunity to observe Pierce firsthand during the war, countered the allegations of cowardice in his memoirs, even though by the time Grant wrote Pierce had been dead for several years. Though not an admirer of Pierce's politics, Grant described him this way: "Whatever General Pierce's qualifications may have been for the Presidency, he was a gentleman and a man of courage. I was not a supporter of him politically, but I knew him more intimately than I did any other of the volunteer generals."
Party leadership.
Returning to Concord, Pierce resumed his law work; in one notable case he defended the religious liberty of the Shakers, the insular sect who were being threatened with legal action over accusations of abuse. His role as a party leader, however, continued to take up most of his attention. He continued to wrangle with Hale, now a U.S. Senator who was frustrating the party leadership with his vocal left-wing stances, opposing the Mexican war and pushing anti-slavery resolutions that were regarded as needless agitation.
As the 1848 presidential election approached, the party was divided between the abolitionist Van Buren faction (the "Barnburners") and the pro-compromise Polk faction (the "Hunkers"). The abolitionists' Wilmot Proviso, which would ban slavery in any new territorial acquisitions from Mexico, was a particular point of contention. As Whig leader Henry Clay introduced his Compromise of 1850, the Democrats loosely supported it, and Democratic Senator Stephen A. Douglas led an effort to split the omnibus bill into separate bills so that each legislator could vote against the parts his state opposed without endangering the overall package.
Pierce strongly supported the compromise; in a speech he reiterated how he detested slavery as much as any abolitionist, but regarded dissolution of the "Eternal Union" as an even greater evil. This led him to ally with the northern Whig Daniel Webster even as many New Englanders regarded Webster as a sellout to southern interests. When Pierce learned that his brother Henry, a state legislator, was planning to vote for resolutions condemning the compromise, Pierce fled to a Manchester train station and demanded a train be run off-schedule so he could reach him. He threatened Henry at his hotel: "If you vote for those resolutions ... you are no brother of mine: I will never speak to you again." Henry replied that Pierce was mistaken, as he entirely supported the compromise.
He served as president of the New Hampshire state constitutional convention in November 1850. The convention looked to liberalize the outdated New Hampshire state constitution of 1792, which differed from most other states in several respects. Pierce railed against the constitution's infringements on religious liberty, a principle he held dear. The convention struck the excessive property and religious qualifications for holding office, which the legislature had long stopped enforcing. The number of legislators was slashed and the elections were made less frequent. The convention also sent a resolution favoring the Compromise.
To appease the Free Soilers, the Democrats had nominated the abolitionist Rev. Atwood for governor, which created an awkward rift when Atwood stated his opposition to the Fugitive Slave Act. Pierce pressured him to issue a partial retraction, to endorse the act as part of a compromise if it would protect the Union. Atwood quickly regretted his retraction, which he said was written under duress from Pierce. Pierce denied coercing Atwood into a retraction, and called for a convention to cancel Atwood's nomination: his conflicting opinions had become a confusing liability to the party. The fiasco would compromise the election for the Democrats, who lost several races, and not a single constitutional change was approved by the voters. Still, Pierce's party retained its control over the state, and was well positioned for the upcoming presidential election.
Election of 1852.
The Democrats were eager to find their standard-bearer for the 1852 presidential election as early as mid-1851. Yet the party was split by age and geography—most of the "Barnburners" who had left the party with Martin Van Buren to form the Free Soil Party had returned—and it was widely expected that the 1852 Democratic National Convention would result in deadlock, with no candidate winning the necessary two-thirds majority. New Hampshire Democrats attempted with little success to rally for Woodbury as a compromise candidate, but Woodbury's death in September 1851 opened up an opportunity for Pierce's allies to present him as a potential dark horse in the mold of Polk.
Pierce was under the radar, as he had not held elective office in nearly a decade, and lacked the front-runners' national presence. He publicly declared such that a nomination would be "utterly repugnant to my tastes and wishes", but he understood that his position as state party leader was in jeopardy if he flatly refused his allies' ambitions. He quietly allowed his supporters for lobby for him, with the understanding that his name would not be brought up at the convention until it was clear none of the front-runners could break the deadlock. To broaden his potential base of southern voters as the convention approached, he wrote letters clarifying his support for the Compromise of 1850 and the Fugitive Slave Act.
The convention assembled on June 1 in Baltimore, Maryland, and the deadlock went as predicted. Among the major contenders were 1848 Democratic candidate Lewis Cass, James Buchanan, William L. Marcy, and Stephen A. Douglas. The first ballot was taken on the third day of the convention. Of 288 delegates Cass claimed 116, Buchanan 93, and the rest were split, without a single vote for Pierce. 34 ballots passed with little progress. The Buchanan team decided to have their delegates experiment with combinations of minor candidates in order to attract these minor candidates' supporters and demonstrate Buchanan as a clear second choice. This novel tactic backfired after several ballots as Virginia, New Hampshire, and Maine switched to Pierce, the remaining Buchanan forces began to break for Marcy, and before long Pierce was in third place. After the 48th ballot, North Carolina congressman James C. Dobbin delivered an unexpected and passionate endorsement of Pierce, sparking a wave of support for the dark horse candidate. In the 49th ballot, Pierce received all but 6 of the votes. Delegates selected Alabama Senator William R. King as his running mate, and adopted a party platform that rejected further "agitation" over the slavery issue and supported the Compromise of 1850.
The Whig candidate was General Winfield Scott of Virginia, under whom Pierce had served in the Mexican–American War; his running mate was Secretary of the Navy William A. Graham. The Whigs could not unify their factions as the Democrats had, and the convention adopted a platform almost indistinguishable from that of the Democrats, including support of the Compromise of 1850. This incited the Free Soilers to field their own candidate, at the expense of the Whigs. The lack of political differences reduced the campaign to a bitter personality contest and helped to drive voter turnout in the election to its lowest level since 1836; it was "one of the least exciting campaigns in presidential history".
Pierce kept quiet during the campaign so as not to upset his party's delicate unity, and allowed his allies to run the campaign. Pierce's opponents caricatured him as a fainting, cowardly war leader, an alcoholic ("the hero of many a well-fought bottle"), and an anti-Catholic. Scott, meanwhile, drew weak support from the Whigs, who were torn by his pro-Compromise platform and found him to be an abysmal, gaffe-prone public speaker. The Democrats were confident: a popular slogan was that the Democrats "will "pierce" their enemies in 1852 as they "poked" them in 1844," a reference to the victory of James K. Polk in the 1844 election. This proved to be true, as Scott won only the states of Kentucky, Tennessee, Massachusetts, and Vermont, finishing with 42 electoral votes to Pierce's 254. With 3.2 million votes cast, Pierce won the popular vote with 50.9 to 44.1 percent. A sizable block of Free Soilers broke for John P. Hale, who won 4.9 percent of the popular vote.
On January 6, 1853, weeks after his election as president, the Pierces and their last son Benjamin were in a train accident. The boy was nearly decapitated. Pierce covered him with a sheet, hoping to spare his wife, but Jane also saw their son. They both suffered severe depression afterward, which affected Pierce's performance throughout his presidency.
Presidency 1853–1857.
Beginnings.
Pierce served as President from March 4, 1853, to March 4, 1857. He began his presidency in mourning. Two months before, on January 6, 1853, the President-elect's family had been trapped in a train from Boston when their car derailed and rolled down an embankment near Andover, Massachusetts. Pierce and his wife survived but saw their last son, 11-year-old Benjamin, crushed to death. Jane Pierce viewed the train accident as a divine punishment for her husband's pursuit and acceptance of high office.
As the first president elected to be born in the 19th century, Pierce chose to affirm his oath of office rather than swear it, becoming the first president to do so; he placed his hand on a law book rather than on a Bible. He was the first president to recite his inaugural address from memory. Pierce hailed an era of peace and prosperity at home and urged a vigorous assertion of US interests in its foreign relations. "The policy of my Administration", said the new president,
The nation was enjoying economic growth and relative tranquility, and the Compromise of 1850 calmed the debate over slavery. When the issue flamed up early in his administration, Pierce did little to cool the passions it aroused. Sectional conflicts reignited. In the first year of his presidency, he was arrested for running over an old woman with his horse, but charges were dropped due to a lack of sufficient evidence.
Administration.
Pierce selected men of differing opinions for his Cabinet, including colleagues he knew personally and Democratic politicians. Many anticipated the diverse group would soon break up, but it remained unchanged during Pierce's four-year term (as of 2013, the only presidential cabinet to do so). In foreign policy, Pierce sought to display a traditional Democratic assertiveness. Various interests nursed ambitions to detach nearby Cuba from a weak and distant Spain, open trade with a reclusive Japan, and gain the advantage over Britain in Central America. Although the Perry Expedition to Japan was a success, Pierce's leadership increasingly came into question when poorly anticipated developments exposed failures of Administration planning and consultation.
Pierce's administration aroused sectional apprehensions when it pressured the United Kingdom to relinquish its interests along part of the Central American coast. Three US diplomats in Europe drafted a proposal to the president to purchase Cuba from Spain for $120 million (USD), and justify the "wresting" of it from Spain if the offer were refused. The publication of the Ostend Manifesto, which had been drawn up on the insistence of Pierce's Secretary of State, provoked the scorn of Northerners who viewed it as an attempt to annex a slave-holding possession to bolster Southern interests. It helped discredit the expansionist policies the Democratic Party had supported in the 1844 election. The Gadsden Purchase from Mexico similarly exposed the seething unresolved sectional conflicts inherent in national expansion.
The greatest challenge to the country's equilibrium during the Pierce administration, though, was the passage of the Kansas–Nebraska Act in 1854. It repealed the Missouri Compromise and reopened the question of slavery in the West. This measure, sponsored by Senator Stephen A. Douglas, originated in a drive to promote a transcontinental railroad with a link from Chicago, Illinois, to California through Nebraska.
Secretary of War Jefferson Davis, advocate of a southern transcontinental route, had persuaded Pierce to send James Gadsden to Mexico to buy land for a southern railroad. He purchased the area now comprising southern Arizona and part of southern New Mexico for $10 million (USD), commonly known as the Gadsden Purchase. This became known as the greatest success of the Pierce presidency. Under Pierce's watch, Commodore Matthew C. Perry concluded a treaty with Japan allowing American trade with that country.
Pierce fulfilled the expectations of Southerners who had supported him by vigilantly enforcing the Fugitive Slave Act when Anthony Burns was seized in Boston in 1854. Federal troops enforced the return to his owner against angry crowds.
Organizing the territories of Kansas and Nebraska sparked more tensions related to whether to permit slavery there. To win Southern support for organizing Nebraska, Douglas added a provision declaring the Missouri Compromise to be invalid. The bill provided that the residents of the new territories could vote to determine whether they could allow slavery. Although Pierce's cabinet had made other proposals on this issue, Douglas and several southern Senators successfully persuaded Pierce to support Douglas' plan.
As the act was being debated, settlers on both sides of the slavery issue rushed into the state to be present for the voting. The passage of the Kansas–Nebraska Act resulted in so much violence between groups that the territory became known as Bleeding Kansas. Pro-slavery Border Ruffians, mostly from Missouri, illegally voted in the elections to set up the government, but Pierce recognized it anyway. When Free-Staters set up a shadow government, called the Topeka Constitution, Pierce termed their work an act of "rebellion". The president continued to recognize the pro-slavery legislature, which was dominated by Democrats, even after a Congressional investigative committee found its election to have been illegitimate. He dispatched federal troops to break up a meeting of the shadow government in Topeka.
The Kansas–Nebraska Act provoked outrage among northerners, who already viewed Pierce as kowtowing to slave-holding interests. This contributed to the Republican Party, as well as to critical assessments of Pierce as untrustworthy and easily manipulated. Having lost public confidence, Pierce was not nominated by his party for a second term. As a result of threats and the passions inspired by Kansas, Pierce hired a full-time bodyguard – the first president to do so.
Historians have ranked Pierce as among the least effective Presidents. He was unable to steer a steady, prudent course that might have sustained a broad measure of support. Having publicly committed himself to an ill-considered position, he maintained it steadfastly, at a disastrous cost to his reputation.
Supreme Court appointments.
Pierce appointed the following Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States:
States admitted to the Union.
No states were admitted.
1856 election.
Pierce hoped to be renominated by the Democrats. Continuing violence in Kansas and other signs of disunion, including the beating of Charles Sumner by Preston Brooks in May, 1856 caused Democrats to consider supporting a candidate who was perceived as uninvolved in the ongoing sectional strife. James Buchanan, having spent most of the Pierce administration overseas as Minister to England, became a candidate and attracted significant support.
When balloting began on June 5 at the convention in Cincinnati, Ohio, Pierce expected about 145 votes. He received 122.5, to Buchanan's 133.5, with Stephen A. Douglas and other candidates receiving the rest of the votes. Pierce did not increase his total during 14 ballots over two days, and withdrew.
After two more ballots on June 6, Douglas's name was withdrawn. Buchanan then obtained the two-thirds majority required by party rules and won the nomination.
Later life.
Pierce completed his term in 1857, and then traveled to Europe with his wife. He returned to the U.S. in 1859 in time to comment on the growing sectional crisis between the South and the North, often criticizing Northern abolitionists for encouraging ugly feelings between the two sections. In 1860, many Democrats viewed Pierce as a compromise choice for the presidential nomination as someone who could unite the Northern and Southern wings of the party, but Pierce declined to run.
His wife, Jane Pierce died of tuberculosis in Andover, Massachusetts, on December 2, 1863. She was buried at Old North Cemetery in Concord, New Hampshire.
During the Civil War, Pierce opposed President Abraham Lincoln's order suspending habeas corpus. Pierce argued that even in a time of war, the country should not abandon its protection of civil liberties.
Pierce's stand won him admirers with the emerging Northern Peace Democrats, but enraged members of the Lincoln administration and supporters of the Union war effort. In 1862 Secretary of State William Seward sent Pierce a letter indicating that Pierce had been accused of being a member of the seditious Knights of the Golden Circle and asking Pierce whether it was true. Outraged, Pierce denied the allegation and demanded that Seward put his response in the official files of the State Department. When that didn't happen, Pierce requested the assistance of a supporter in the Senate, Milton Latham of California, who requested copies of Seward–Pierce correspondence and read it into the "Congressional Globe".
In 1863 Pierce's reputation was greatly damaged in the North during the aftermath of Vicksburg. Union soldiers serving under General Hugh Ewing captured Confederate President Jefferson Davis' Fleetwood Plantation, and seized his personal correspondence, including letters to and from Pierce. Ewing turned over Davis' correspondence to William T. Sherman, Ewing's brother-in-law. Ewing also sent copies of the letters to friends in Ohio. Those letters revealed Pierce's deep friendship with Davis and ambivalence about the goals of the war. As early as 1860, Pierce had written to Davis about "the madness of northern abolitionism". Another letter stated that he would "never justify, sustain, or in any way or to any extent uphold this cruel, heartless, aimless unnecessary war", and that "the true purpose of the war was to wipe out the states and destroy property". Abolitionist author Harriet Beecher Stowe, who had long disliked Pierce, now referred to him as "the archtraitor," a sentiment that was widely shared. Pierce's support for Union Army soldiers, including cash donations to assist the sick and wounded, did little to change the public's perception of Pierce as a Confederate sympathizer.
In 1864, friends again put his name in play for the Democratic nomination, but he declined to run.
On April 16, 1865, when news had spread of the assassination of President Lincoln, an angry mob of young teenagers gathered outside Pierce's home in Concord. The crowd in Concord wanted to know why Pierce's house was not dressed with black bunting and American flags as visual proof of his grief. Pierce came outside to confront the crowd and said he, too, was saddened by Lincoln's passing. When a voice in the crowd yelled out, "Where is your flag?", Pierce became angry and recalled his family's long devotion to the country, including both his and his father's service in the military. He said he needed to display no flag to prove that he was a loyal American. The crowd soon quieted down and even cheered and applauded the former president as he went back into his home.
Pierce had been a communicant of the Congregational church in Concord. In 1865, on the second anniversary of his wife's death, Pierce was baptized into his wife's Episcopal faith at St. Paul's church in Concord.
Death.
Franklin Pierce died in Concord, New Hampshire, at 4:49 am on October 8, 1869, at 64 years old from cirrhosis of the liver. President Ulysses S. Grant, who later defended Pierce's service in the Mexican War, declared a day of national mourning. Newspapers across the country carried lengthy front-page stories examining Pierce's colorful and controversial career. He was interred next to his wife and two of his sons, all of whom had predeceased him, in the Minot Enclosure in the Old North Cemetery of Concord.
In his last will, which he signed January 22, 1868, he left an unusually large number of specific bequests to friends, family, and neighbors, including the children of Nathaniel Hawthorne. He left $1,000 in trust to the local library. The interest was used to purchase books. He left gifts of money, paintings, and other items to various people. The cane of General Lafayette was among the bequests. His nephew Frank Pierce received the residue.
Legacy.
Places named after President Pierce:
Pierce was portrayed by Porter Hall in the 1944 film "The Great Moment" and voiced by Sargent Shriver in the PBS documentary series "The American President".

</doc>
<doc id="19729474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729474" title="Humboldtiana">
Humboldtiana

Humboldtiana is a genus of American air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Humboldtianidae.
Anatomy.
Snails in this genus create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.
The scanning electron microscope images on the left show (above) the lateral view of the love dart of "Humboldtiana nuevoleonis", scale bar 500 μm (0.5 mm); and (below) a cross section of the dart, scale bar 50 μm.
Species.
Species within the genus "Humboldtiana" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19729477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729477" title="Hans Clarin Hovind Mustad">
Hans Clarin Hovind Mustad

Hans Clarin Hovind Mustad (22 November 1871 – 1 January 1948) was a Norwegian businessman.
Personal life.
He was born in Vardal as the son of Hans Mustad and Clara Laurentse Marie Henriette Mustad (born Hovind). On the maternal side he was a great-grandson of Hieronymus Heyerdahl, and on the paternal side he was a grandson of Ole Hovelsen Mustad, great-grandson of Hans Schikkelstad, nephew of Kristian Mauritz Mustad and cousin of Sigbjørn Mustad.
Clarin Mustad married Nathalia Fischer Schneider (1881–1936). In 1912 he bought the property Sjøholmen, between Høvikodden and Sandvika in Bærum. One of their daughters Elma Anne Lise became a horse rider, and married a man of the Kielland family. His daughter Clara married Jacob Moestue, in a wedding attended by Crown Prince Olav and Crown Princess Märtha of Norway. His daughter Nathalia, nicknamed Oja, was married to Tomm Murstad from 1941 to 1963.
Career.
Mustad.
He took his secondary education in Kristiania from 1884 to 1888, and a technical education in Trondhjem from 1888 to 1889 and Mittweida from 1889 to 1892. He then became manager of the factory Duclair in France. Together with his four brothers, he joined his father as co-owner of the company O. Mustad & Søn in 1905. The company had been passed from his great-grandfather through the generations, and grown significantly since its beginnings in Vardal. In 1875 the company had expanded with a new factory at Lilleaker in Kristiania, followed in 1889 by a foundry at the same place as well as a new margarine factory. In addition, the company expanded abroad. When Hans Mustad died in 1918, his sons inherited the largest industrial company in Norway, with 2,000 domestic employees as well as several factories abroad. The expansion continued after 1918, and the company eventually became the world's largest producer of fish hooks. Despite the ownership change, the name O. Mustad & Søn was kept. After Clarin's death, however, it was converted to a limited company (1970) and split into different branches (1977 and 1997).
Automobile pioneer.
Clarin Mustad was also involved in the emerging car industry. Having travelled by car for the first time in 1892, during a stay abroad, he conducted his first car travel on Norwegian soil in 1906. During the trip, from Kristiania to Aandalsnes, he passed several hundred horses, and stopped the engine as to not frighten the animals. Using an external handle to start the engine, he grew tired of this and invented a system with which the driver could ignite the engine from the driver's seat.
In 1917 he was behind the manufacturing of the "Mustad" car. However, only one car was produced, followed by another in 1935. The first was a very large vehicle with six wheels, nicknamed "the giant", the second was small with only one seat, nicknamed "the egoist". The former car was equipped with directional headlamps, which would became more widespread later. It was a part of an automobile exposition in Paris in 1922. Both cars are now on exhibition at the Norwegian Museum of Historic Vehicles in Lillehammer.
In addition, Clarin Mustad bought the first car in Norway, a Benz & Cie. Phaeton car imported in 1895, when it was taken out of traffic. He gave the car to the interest group KNA in 1929; it is now on exhibit in the Norwegian Museum of Science and Technology.
Mustad was decorated as a Knight First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="19729491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729491" title="Jens Østerholm">
Jens Østerholm

Jens Østerholm (25 April 1928 – 13 November 2006) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 27 films between 1959 and 1994.
He was born in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19729514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729514" title="Poison Pen (disambiguation)">
Poison Pen (disambiguation)

Poison Pen is a 2006 hip-hop album by Chino XL.
Poison Pen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19729537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729537" title="1898 in India">
1898 in India

Events in the year 1898 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19729548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729548" title="Millard Fillmore">
Millard Fillmore

Millard Fillmore (January 7, 1800 – March 8, 1874) was the 13th President of the United States (1850–1853), the last Whig President, and the last President not to be affiliated with either the Democratic or Republican parties. He is consistently included in the bottom 10 of historical rankings of Presidents of the United States. As Zachary Taylor's Vice President, he assumed the presidency after Taylor's death. Fillmore was a lawyer from western New York state, and an early member of the Whig Party. He served in the state legislature (1829–1831), as a U.S. Representative (1833–1835, 1837–1843), and as New York State Comptroller (1848–1849). He was elected Vice President of the United States in 1848 as Taylor's running mate, and served from 1849 until Taylor's death in 1850, at the height of the "Crisis of 1850" over slavery.
As an anti-slavery moderate, he opposed abolitionist demands to exclude slavery from all of the territory gained in the Mexican War. Instead he supported the Compromise of 1850, which briefly ended the crisis. In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U.S. Navy expeditions to "open" Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba. He sought re-election in 1852, but was passed over for the nomination by the Whigs.
When the Whig Party broke up in 1854–1856, Fillmore and other conservative Whigs joined the American Party, the political arm of the anti-immigrant, anti-Catholic "Know-Nothing" movement, though he himself was not anti-Catholic. He was the American Party candidate for President in 1856, but finished third. During the American Civil War, Fillmore denounced secession and agreed that the Union must be maintained by force if necessary, but was very critical of the war policies of President Abraham Lincoln. After the war, he supported the Reconstruction policies of President Andrew Johnson.
Fillmore co-founded the University at Buffalo and helped found the Buffalo Historical Society and the Buffalo General Hospital.
Early life and career.
Fillmore was born in a log cabin in Moravia, Cayuga County, in the Finger Lakes region of New York State, on January 7, 1800. His parents were Nathaniel Fillmore and Phoebe Millard. Millard was the second of nine children and the eldest son. He later lived in in the southtowns region south of Buffalo. Though Fillmore's ancestors were Scottish Presbyterians on his father's side and English dissenters on his mother's, he became a Unitarian in later life. His father apprenticed him to cloth maker Benjamin Hungerford in Sparta, New York, at age fourteen to learn the cloth-making trade. He left after four months, but subsequently took another apprenticeship in the same trade at New Hope, New York. He struggled to obtain an education living on the frontier and attended New Hope Academy for six months in 1819. There he fell in love with his future wife Abigail Powers. Later that year, he began to clerk and study law under Judge Walter Wood of Montville.
Fillmore bought out his cloth-making apprenticeship, left Judge Wood, and moved to Buffalo, where he continued his studies in the law office of Asa Rice and Joseph Clary. He was admitted to the bar in 1823 and began his law practice in East Aurora, New York. In 1825, he built a house there for himself and Abigail. They were married on February 5, 1826. They had two children, Millard Powers Fillmore and Mary Abigail Fillmore.
In 1834, he formed a law partnership, Fillmore and Hall (which became Fillmore, Hall and Haven in 1836), with close friend Nathan K. Hall who would later serve in his cabinet as Postmaster General. It would become one of western New York's most prestigious firms, and exists to this day as Hodgson Russ LLP.
Fillmore was a member of the New York Militia in the 1820s and 1830s, and served as Inspector of New York's 47th Brigade with the rank of Major.
In 1846, he helped found the private University of Buffalo, which today is the public University at Buffalo, the largest school in the New York state university system.
Politics.
In 1828, Fillmore was elected to the New York State Assembly on the Anti-Masonic ticket, serving three one-year terms, from 1829 to 1831. In his final term he chaired a special legislative committee to enact a new bankruptcy law that eliminated debtors' prison. As the measure had support among some Democrats, he maneuvered the law into place by taking a nonpartisan approach and allowing the Democrats to take credit for the bill. This kind of inconspicuousness and avoiding the limelight would later characterize Fillmore's approach to politics on the national stage.
He was a follower and associate of Thurlow Weed, who had been a leading Anti-Mason. When Weed left the Anti-Masons in 1832, Fillmore did too; when Weed became the leading Whig organizer in New York, Fillmore also joined the Whigs. In 1832, he was elected U.S. Representative from New York's 32nd congressional district a "National Republican", serving in the 23rd Congress from 1833 to 1835. He was succeeded in 1834 by "Anti-Jacksonian" Thomas C. Love. Love declined renomination in 1836, and Fillmore was elected as a Whig (having followed his mentor Thurlow Weed into the party). He was re-elected twice, serving from 1837 to 1843, in the 25th, 26th, and 27th Congresses. He declined re-nomination in 1842.
In Congress, he opposed admitting Texas as a slave territory, he advocated internal improvements and a protective tariff, he supported John Quincy Adams by voting to receive anti-slavery petitions, he advocated the prohibition by Congress of the slave trade between the states, and he favored the exclusion of slavery from the District of Columbia. He came in second place in the vote for Speaker of the House in 1841. He served as chair of the House Ways and Means Committee from 1841 to 1843 and was an author of the Tariff of 1842, as well as two other bills that President John Tyler vetoed.
After leaving Congress, Fillmore was the unsuccessful Whig Party candidate for Governor of New York in the 1844 election. He was the first New York State Comptroller elected by general ballot, defeating Orville Hungerford 174,756 to 136,027 votes, and was in office from 1848 to 1849. As Comptroller, he revised New York's banking system, making it a model for the future National Banking System.
Vice Presidency 1849–1850.
The 1848 Whig National Convention nominated General Zachary Taylor (a slaveholder from Louisiana) for President. This upset supporters of Henry Clay and "Conscience Whigs" opposed to slavery in territories gained in the Mexican–American War. A group of Whig pragmatists sought to balance the ticket, and the convention nominated Fillmore for Vice President. Fillmore came from a free state, had moderate anti-slavery views, and could help carry the populous state of New York.
Fillmore was also selected in part to prevent the nomination of the anti-slavery William H. Seward, and prevent Seward from receiving a position in Taylor's cabinet. (In an era where the President, Vice President and cabinet were expected to reflect geographic balance, Fillmore would "represent" New York, meaning another New Yorker – Seward – could not be in the cabinet.)
The Taylor-Fillmore ticket won, taking 1,361,393 votes (47.3%) and 163 electoral votes (16 states carried). Lewis Cass and William Orlando Butler, the Democrats, took 1,223,460 votes (42.5%) and 127 electoral votes (15 states carried). The third-party Free Soil candidates Martin Van Buren and Charles Francis Adams, Sr. took only 291,501 votes (10.1%) and 0 electoral votes.
Soon the nation was roiled by the "Crisis of 1850". Pro-slavery Southerners demanded that all of the new territories should be open to slavery. Anti-slavery Northerners demanded complete exclusion. The recently admitted state of Texas claimed a large part of New Mexico, and wanted the U.S. to assume the "national debt" of the former Republic of Texas. California settlers were petitioning for immediate admission as a free state, with no territorial stage. There were also disputes about slavery and the slave trade in the District of Columbia, about the apprehension of slaves who escaped to the free states, and about the territorial status of Utah, newly settled by the Mormons.
Fillmore presided over the Senate during the months of nerve-wracking debates over these issues. During one debate, enraged Senator Thomas Hart Benton of Missouri stalked toward Senator Henry S. Foote of Mississippi, who brandished a pistol at Benton.
Taylor stunned his fellow Southerners by urging the immediate admission of California and New Mexico as free states. Ironically, it was Fillmore, the Northerner, who supported slavery in at least part of the territory to avoid an open break with the South. He wrote: "God knows that I detest slavery, but it is an existing evil ... and we must endure it and give it such protection as is guaranteed by the Constitution."
Clay constructed a compromise bill which included provisions desired by both sides. Fillmore did not comment publicly on the merits of the compromise proposals. A few days before President Taylor's death, Fillmore suggested to the President that if the vote on Clay's bill was tied, he as President of the Senate would cast his tie-breaking vote in favor.
Presidency 1850–1853.
Domestic Affairs.
On August 6, 1850, he sent a message to Congress recommending that Texas's debts be paid provided Texas abandoned its claims in New Mexico. This, and his deployment of 750 Federal troops to New Mexico, helped shift a critical number of northern Whigs in Congress away from their insistence upon the Wilmot Proviso, the stipulation that all the Mexican lands must be closed to slavery. Douglas modified Clay's bill accordingly, and then split it into five separate Senate bills. These bills were: admission of California as a free state (which happened on September 9, 1850); settlement of the Texas boundary and debts; creation of New Mexico Territory, which would be open to slavery; the Fugitive Slave Act; and abolition of the slave trade (but not slavery), in the District of Columbia.
Each measure obtained a majority, and, by September 20, President Fillmore had signed them into law. Daniel Webster wrote, "I can now sleep of nights." Only a few extremists on both sides denounced the Compromise. A slave-state convention called to discuss secession drew only a few delegates. Northerners were happy with the admission of California. Nonetheless, the Compromise disrupted the Whig party, which did badly in the fall 1850 elections in the north. Northern Whigs were heard to say "God save us from Whig Vice Presidents."
Fillmore's greatest difficulty was the Fugitive Slave Law: southerners complained bitterly about any slackness, but enforcement was highly offensive to northerners. Fillmore's solution was to enforce the Fugitive Slave Law, but also enforce the Neutrality Act of 1818 against filibustering Southerners who were trying to make Cuba a slave state).
Fillmore appointed Brigham Young as the first governor of the Utah Territory in 1850. In gratitude for creating the Utah Territory in 1850 and appointing Young as governor, Young named the territorial capital "Fillmore" and the surrounding county "Millard".
Fillmore appointed Benjamin Robbins Curtis to seat two of the Supreme Court of the United States. Curtis served from September 22, 1851, to September 30, 1857. Fillmore also appointed four other federal judges, all to United States district courts.
John Glenn was appointed to the United States District Court for the District of Maryland and served from March 19, 1852 to July 8, 1853. Nathan K. Hall was appointed to the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York and served from August 31, 1852 to March 3, 1874. Ogden Hoffman, Jr. was appointed to the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and the United States District Court for the Southern District of California. He began serving on February 27, 1851. Hoffman was reassigned several times, beginning on January 18, 1854, as the California federal courts were redistricted. He served until July 23, 1866. James McHall Jones was appointed to the United States District Court for the Southern District of California and served from December 26, 1850 to December 15, 1851.
Foreign affairs.
In foreign affairs, Fillmore was particularly active in the Asia and the Pacific, especially with regard to Japan, which at this time still prohibited nearly all foreign contact. American merchants and shipowners wanted Japan "opened up" for trade, and so that American ships could call there for food and water on voyages to Asia, and could put in there in emergencies without being punished. They were also concerned that American sailors cast away on the Japanese coast were imprisoned as criminals.
American merchants saw in the British opening of China to trade an example of the "benefits of new trade markets." Fillmore and Secretary of State Daniel Webster dispatched Commodore Matthew C. Perry to open Japan to relations with the outside world. Though Perry did not reach Japan until after the end of Fillmore's term, Fillmore ordered the Perry Expedition, and its success is to his credit.
Fillmore was also a staunch opponent of European meddling in Hawaii. France under Napoleon III attempted to annex Hawaii, but backed down after Fillmore issued strongly worded message suggesting that "the United States would not stand for any such action."
Though President Taylor had signed the Clayton–Bulwer Treaty preventing Britain and the U.S. from acquiring new possessions in the Americas, Great Britain and the United States were still attempting to gain ground in the region. The situation became tense enough that Fillmore ordered several warships to guard American merchants in an attempt to prevent British interference.
Fillmore had difficulties regarding Cuba. Many southerners wanted to expand slave territory in the U.S., but the Missouri Compromise and other laws prevented that. Cuba was a colony of Spain where slavery was practiced. Therefore some of these southerners tried to get Cuba annexed to the U.S. as a slave state. Venezuelan adventurer Narciso López recruited Americans for three "filibustering" expeditions to Cuba, in the hope of overthrowing Spanish rule there. His first attempt in 1849 was suppressed by U.S. officials by orders of President Taylor. López tried again a year later; he reached Cuba but was chased away by Spanish troops and disbanded his force in Key West. López and several of his followers were indicted for breach of the Neutrality Act, but were quickly acquitted by friendly Southern juries.
Many southerners felt Fillmore should have supported the invasion, while some northern Democrats were upset at his apology to Spain. France and Britain dispatched warships to the region in response. Fillmore sent a stern warning saying that under certain conditions control of Cuba "might be almost essential to our [America's] safety." López tried a third time in 1851. This time most of his force was captured by the Spanish. He and many of his American followers were executed, provoking outrage among American sympathizers and causing further embarrassment for Fillmore.
Another issue that came up during Fillmore's presidency was the arrival of Lajos Kossuth, the exiled leader of a failed Hungarian revolution. Kossuth wanted the U.S. to recognize Hungary's independence. Many Americans were sympathetic to the Hungarian rebels, especially recent German immigrants, who were now coming to the U.S. in large numbers and had become a major political force. This would require the U.S. to abandon its policy of nonintervention in European affairs. Fillmore ultimately refused to change American policy, and remained neutral.
Election of 1852 and completion of term.
As the election of 1852 approached, Fillmore had been long undecided whether to run for a full term as President. In early 1852, he decided he would. The Whigs held their National Convention in June that year. Fillmore was then unpopular with northern Whigs for signing and enforcing the Fugitive Slave Act. He led narrowly on the early ballots, but was short of a majority and could gain no votes. On the 52nd ballot, Daniel Webster's delegates switched to General Winfield Scott, winning him the nomination.
Democrat Franklin Pierce defeated Scott in the November election. Fillmore completed his term and was succeeded by Pierce in March, 1853.
Later life.
Fillmore's wife Abigail, who had been unwell for years, died March 30, 1853, less than one month after he left office.
Fillmore was one of the founders of the University at Buffalo. The school was chartered by an act of the New York State Legislature on May 11, 1846, and at first was only a medical school. Fillmore was the first Chancellor, a position he held as Vice President and as President. After leaving office, Fillmore returned to Buffalo and continued to serve as chancellor of the school.
In August 1854, Fillmore's daughter Mary died suddenly of cholera. Now left alone, Fillmore went abroad. While touring Europe in 1855, Fillmore was offered an honorary Doctor of Civil Law (D.C.L.) degree by the University of Oxford. Fillmore turned down the honor, explaining that he had neither the "literary nor scientific attainment" to justify the degree. He is also quoted as having explained that he "lacked the benefit of a classical education" and could not, therefore, understand the Latin text of the diploma, adding that he believed "no man should accept a degree he cannot read."
When Fillmore returned to the U.S., the Whig Party had broken up over slavery issues and especially the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854. Most former northern Whigs, including Fillmore's old mentor Weed, joined the new Republican Party. Fillmore instead followed conservative and southern Whigs by joining the American Party, the political organ of the anti-immigrant, anti-Catholic Know-Nothing movement. Fillmore was not himself anti-Catholic – his daughter Mary had attended a girls' Catholic boarding school for a year – but at this time, the American Party was the only alternative for non-Democrats who were not militantly anti-slavery.
The American Party chose Fillmore as its presidential nominee for the election of 1856. He thus sought a nonconsecutive second term as president (a feat accomplished only once, by Grover Cleveland). His running mate was Andrew Jackson Donelson, nephew of former president Andrew Jackson. James Buchanan and John C. Breckinridge were the Democrat candidates, and won 1,836,072 votes (45.3%) and 174 electoral votes (19 states carried). John C. Fremont and William L. Dayton were the Republican candidates and won 1,342,345 votes (33.1%) and 114 electoral votes (11 states carried). Fillmore and Donelson finished third, winning 873,053 votes (21.6%) and carrying the state of Maryland and its 8 electoral votes. This was one of the best showings ever by a third-party presidential candidate.
On February 10, 1858, Fillmore married Caroline McIntosh, a wealthy widow. Their combined wealth allowed them to purchase a big house in Buffalo, New York. They were noted for lavish hospitality in their home, until Mrs. Fillmore's health began to decline in the 1860s.
Fillmore helped found the Buffalo Historical Society (now the Buffalo History Museum) in 1862 and served as its first president.
In the election of 1860, Fillmore supported Constitutional Union Party candidate John Bell. He denounced secession, and supported the Union war effort, but also became a constant critic of the war policies of President Lincoln, such as the Emancipation Proclamation.
He commanded the Union Continentals, a corps of home guards of males over the age of 45 from the upstate New York area. The Continentals trained to defend the Buffalo area in the event of a Confederate attack, as happened in the St. Albans Raid, and was planned for Johnson's Island. They performed military drill and ceremonial functions at parades, funerals, and other events. The Union Continentals guarded Lincoln's funeral train in Buffalo. They continued operations after the war, and Fillmore remained active with them almost until his death.
After the war, Fillmore maintained his conservative position. He supported President Andrew Johnson's conservative Reconstruction policies, and opposed the policies of the Radical Republicans.
He died at 11:10 pm on March 8, 1874, of the aftereffects of a stroke. His last words were alleged to be, upon being fed some soup, "the nourishment is palatable." On January 7 each year, a ceremony is held at his grave site in the Forest Lawn Cemetery in Buffalo.
Legacy.
Some northern Whigs remained irreconcilable, refusing to forgive Fillmore for having signed the Fugitive Slave Act. They helped deprive him of the Presidential nomination in 1852. Within a few years it was apparent that although the Compromise had been intended to settle the slavery controversy, it served rather as an uneasy sectional truce. Robert J. Rayback argues that the appearance of a truce, at first, seemed very real as the country entered a period of prosperity that included the South. Although Fillmore, in retirement, continued to feel that conciliation with the South was necessary and considered that the Republican Party was at least partly responsible for the subsequent disunion, he was an outspoken critic of secession and was also critical of President James Buchanan for not immediately taking military action when South Carolina seceded.
Benson Lee Grayson suggests that the Fillmore administration's ability to avoid potential problems is too often overlooked. Fillmore's constant attention to Mexico avoided a resumption of the hostilities that had only broken off in 1848 and laid the groundwork for the Gadsden Treaty during Pierce's administration. Meanwhile, the Fillmore administration resolved a serious dispute with Portugal left over from the Taylor administration, smoothed over a disagreement with Peru, and then peacefully resolved other disputes with Britain, France, and Spain over Cuba. At the height of this crisis, the Royal Navy had fired on an American ship while at the same time 160 Americans were being held captive in Spain. Fillmore and his State Department were able to resolve these crises without the United States going to war or losing face.
Because the Whig party was so deeply divided, and the two leading national figures in the Whig party (Fillmore and his own Secretary of State, Daniel Webster) refused to combine to secure the nomination, Winfield Scott received it. Because both the north and the south refused to unite behind Scott, he won only four of 31 states, and lost the election to Franklin Pierce. After Scott's defeat, the Whigs' decline continued, until the party broke up over the Kansas–Nebraska Act, and the Know Nothings appeared.
In the history of the U.S. Presidency, Fillmore inaugurated a new era. All previous Presidents had substantial personal fortunes, acquired either by inheritance, marriage, or (in Martin van Buren's case) by work as an attorney. Fillmore was the first of a long line of late nineteenth century chief executives, mostly lawyers, who acquired only modest wealth during their lives, were "distinctly middle class", and who spent most of their careers in public service.
The myth that Fillmore installed the White House's first bathtub was started by H. L. Mencken in a joke column published on December 28, 1917, in the "New York Evening Mail." (See Bathtub hoax.) In February 2008, a television commercial for a sales event by Kia Motors featured Millard Fillmore, referring to him as "unheard of", repeated the bathtub hoax, and presented a Millard Fillmore bust as a "Soap-on-a-Rope".
While Fillmore's letters and papers are owned by multiple institutions, including the Penfield Library of the State University of New York at Oswego, the largest surviving collection is in the Research Library at the Buffalo and Erie County Historical Society.
On February 18, 2010, the United States Mint released the thirteenth coin in the Presidential $1 Coin Program, bearing Fillmore's likeness. A total of 74,480,000 coins were produced.
Places named after Fillmore.
Streets in many United States cities were also named for Fillmore.

</doc>
<doc id="19729554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729554" title="Sava Dobroplodni">
Sava Dobroplodni

Sava Dobroplodni (; 3 December 1820–19 April 1894), born Sava Hadzhiiliev (Сава Хаджиилиев), was a Bulgarian writer, teacher and theatrical worker of the Bulgarian National Revival and an honorary member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.
Dobroplodni was born in the Bulgarian town of Sliven. He began his education in Kotel, but graduated from the Phanar Greek Orthodox College in Istanbul. Upon graduating he became a teacher and served in many towns around the country, including Kotel, Shumen, Sliven, Varna, Tulcea and Silistra. During the Crimean War of 1853–1856, Dobroplodni briefly worked as a Greek-language teacher in the Austrian Empire, more specifically at the Sremski Karlovci high school. After he returned to the Bulgarian lands, he initiated the foundation of the cultural centre ("chitalishte") in Shumen and the staging of the comedy play "Mihal the Mouse-Eater" in 1856. The staging of "Mihal the Mouse-Eater" was the first organized theatrical performance in Bulgaria.[http://reglibsliven.iradeum.com/patron/sdpatron.htm]
After the Liberation of Bulgaria in 1878, Dobroplodni was a state official and after 1881 a school inspector. He wrote several textbooks, such as "Guide to Mixed Schools", "Concise Health", "New Easy Method to Study Bulgarian and Practical Russian and Greek". He edited the "New Bulgarian Bee" newspaper and authored several plays, including "The Three Corporals", "The Petition Writer", etc.
Dobroplodni died in Sofia on 19 April 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="19729556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729556" title="1930–31 Prima Divisione">
1930–31 Prima Divisione

This articles is about the 1930–1931 season of Italian championship of Prima Divisione.
In 1928, FIGC had decided a reform of the league structure of Italian football. The top-level league was the National Division, composed by the two divisions of Serie A and Serie B. Under them, there were the local championship, the major one being the First Division, that in 1935 will take the name of Serie C. Starting from this season, the winners of the six groups of First Division would be admitted to the final rounds, where three tickets of promotion to Serie B were available, whereas the scheduled relegations were annulled by the Federation which expanded the division.
Northern division.
Final rounds.
Comense and Vigevanesi promoted to Serie B 1931-32.
Southern division.
Final round.
Cagliari promoted to Serie B 1931-32.

</doc>
<doc id="19729562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729562" title="Greece–Iceland relations">
Greece–Iceland relations

Greek–Icelandic relations are foreign, economic and cultural relations between Greece and Iceland. Greece is represented in Iceland through its embassy in Oslo (Norway) and through an honorary consulate in Reykjavík. Iceland is represented in Greece through its embassy in Oslo (Norway) and through an honorary consulate in Athens. They have been firm allies for over 60 years, and have reaffirmed their ties recently at the highest levels of contacts.
Historical context.
Both nations are full members of the OECD, as they have been since 1961.
Recent ties.
The President of Iceland, Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson, visited Athens in September 2001, where he met with President Kostis Stephanopoulos. In a return visit, the President of Greece, Karolos Papoulias came to Iceland in early July 2006 and met with the President of Iceland, Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson. Among other subjects, they discussed strengthening the relations between Greece and Iceland, particularly in sectors such as telecommunications, pharmaceutical and banking, in addition to natural fishery products imported from Iceland to Greece. Karolos Papoulias also met in Reykjavík with the Prime Minister of Iceland Geir Haarde and discussed subjects such as joint cooperation in the economic sector in the Balkans. During this trip the Foreign Minister of Greece Theodoros Kassimis and the Foreign Minister of Iceland Valgerður Sverrisdóttir signed an agreement on the Avoidance of Double Taxation.
On August 28, 2007, Greece and Iceland reaffirmed their long-standing ties at an official meeting between Greek Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis and Icelandic Prime Minister Geir Haarde, "who was on a working visit to Greece." Karamanlis was reported to have said:
The Greek prime minister is also interested in Iceland's "many energy reserves". He also specifically thanked "Haarde for Iceland’s backing of Greece on the Macedonia naming dispute."
Trade and investment.
In 2008, Iceland directly exported good worth ISK 288.7 million to Greece and imported goods worth ISK 271.6 million, or about US$3.5 million in both directions at mid-2008 rates. 
In 2005, Thor Bjorgolfsson was involved in a controversial attempt to purchase 16% of the shares of Forthnet, a Greek company involved in the Telecommunications and Internet sectors.

</doc>
<doc id="19729567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729567" title="Aneesur Rahman">
Aneesur Rahman

Aneesur Rahman (24 August 1927 – 6 June 1987) pioneered the application of computational methods to physical systems. His 1964 paper
on liquid argon studied a system of 864 argon atoms on a CDC 3600 computer, utilizing a Lennard-Jones potential. His algorithms still form the basis for many codes written today. Moreover, he worked on a wide variety of problems, such as the microcanonical ensemble approach to lattice gauge theory, which he invented
with David J E Callaway.
Aneesur Rahman was a native of Hyderabad, India. He earned his undergraduate degree in physics and mathematics from Cambridge University in England and his Ph.D. in theoretical physics from Louvain University in Belgium. In 1960, Dr. Rahman began a 25-year tenure as a physicist at the Argonne National Laboratory (Argonne, Ill.). In 1985, Dr. Rahman joined the faculty at the University of Minnesota as a professor of physics and fellow at the Supercomputer Institute.
Dr. Rahman is known as the father of molecular dynamics, a discipline of physics that utilizes computers to simulate microscopic behavior of physical systems. In 1977 Dr. Rahman was awarded the Irving Langmuir Prize by the American Physical Society. Enrico Fermi's Group (at Los Alamos during the 1950s), George Vineyard's group (radiation damage studies at Brookhaven in 1960), as well as Tom Wainwright and Berni Alder's group (at the Livermore Radiation Laboratory in the 1950s) developed generalized leapfrog and event-driven molecular dynamics
algorithms a bit earlier than Rahman. Berni Alder received a National Medal of Science award from President Obama in 2009.
The American Physical Society annually awards the Aneesur Rahman Prize for outstanding achievement in computational research. First awarded in 1993, the Aneesur Rahman Prize is the highest honour in the field of computational physics given by the American Physical Society.
Argonne National Laboratory offers a special postdoctoral fellowship named after Aneesur Rahman to be awarded internationally on an annual basis to an outstanding doctoral scientist who is at an early point in a promising career.

</doc>
<doc id="19729570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729570" title="Fiji–Solomon Islands relations">
Fiji–Solomon Islands relations

Fiji–Solomon Islands relations are diplomatic and other bilateral relations between the Republic of the Fiji Islands and the Solomon Islands. Diplomatic relations are cordial, although the Solomon Islands government has aligned itself with other countries in the region to urge Fiji interim Prime Minister Voreqe Bainimarama to restore democracy in Fiji. Fiji and the Solomons are both located in Melanesia, and are both members of the Melanesian Spearhead Group. They also participate in other regional organisations including the Pacific Islands Forum. In August 2008, it was announced that the Solomon Islands intended to open a High Commission in Suva, and in December the government of Fiji announced that it had "formally endorsed the establishment of a Resident Diplomatic Mission in Suva by the Government of the Solomon Islands". Fiji's High Commission to Papua New Guinea is accredited to the Solomon Islands.
The earliest relations between the two countries came during the Second World War, when Fiji soldiers under British command fought against the Japanese in the Solomons. Formal diplomatic relations were established on 28 July 1978, when the Solomon Islands became a sovereign country.
Today, Fiji soldiers are once again present in the Solomon Islands, as part of the Regional Assistance Mission to Solomon Islands (RAMSI).
There is a Fiji community in the Solomon Islands, notably in Honiara, the capital city. It includes both Solomon Islands citizens of Fiji descent and Fiji citizen workers and businessmen currently residing in the Solomons. Similarly, there are Fiji citizens of Solomon Islands descent in Fiji, descendants of workers who came to work on European-owned plantations in the nineteenth century. Suva "has one of the highest concentrations of Solomon Islanders living overseas".
Former Solomon Islands Prime Minister, Derek Sikua, was educated in Fiji and speaks Fijian.
Since March 2012, the Solomon Islands High Commissioner to Fiji is former Foreign Affairs Minister Patteson Oti.

</doc>
<doc id="19729601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729601" title="Dipnorhynchidae">
Dipnorhynchidae

Dipnorhynchidae is an extinct family of prehistoric lungfishes which lived during the Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19729608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729608" title="Georg Årlin">
Georg Årlin

Georg Adolf Wilhelm Årlin (30 December 1916 – 27 June 1992) was a Swedish film actor who appeared in 50 films between 1940 and 1988.
Born in Rödeby, a southern Sweden locality in Blekinge County's Karlskrona Municipality, Georg Årlin died in Lövestad at the age of 75.

</doc>
<doc id="19729613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729613" title="Scott Jaffe">
Scott Jaffe

Scott Erik Jaffe (born April 29, 1969) is an American former competition swimmer and Olympic medalist. Jaffe represented the United States at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He earned a bronze medal by swimming for the third-place U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the men's 4x200-meter freestyle relay.
Jaffe studied at the University of California, Berkeley, where he swam for the California Golden Bears swimming and diving team.

</doc>
<doc id="19729616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729616" title="Valerie Bettis">
Valerie Bettis

Valerie Elizabeth Bettis (December 1919 – 26 September 1982) was an American modern dancer and choreographer. She found success in musical theatre, ballet, and as a solo dancer.
Biography.
Valerie Bettis was born on either 19 December or 20 December 1919 in Houston, Texas. Her parents were Royal Holt Bettis and Valerie Elizabeth Bettis (McCarthy). Her father died when she was thirteen years old, after which her mother married Hugh Prather. In 1943, Bettis married Bernardo Segall, who was then her company's music director, though the marriage ended in divorce in 1955. In 1959, she married Arthur A. Schmidt who died in 1969. On 26 September 1982, Bettis died at Beth Israel Medical Center in Manhattan at the age of 62.
Career.
Valerie Bettis found success both as a modern dancer and as a choreographer, often both in the same production. She was known for her "versatility, vivid stage presence, and flamboyant theatricality."
Early career.
Bettis began taking ballet lessons in her hometown of Houston, Texas at the age of 10. While in high school, she participated in her school's dramas and musicals. She attended the University of Texas for only one year before moving to New York City to study modern dance under Hanya Holm. She performed and toured with Holm's company from 1937 through 1940.
In 1941, Bettis formed her own dance ensemble and began her career as a solo dancer. She found early success with her 1943 solo dance "The Desperate Heart", which incorporated the poem of the same name by John Malcolm Brinnin. New York Times dance critic John Martin listed it among the most outstanding performances of 1943. Louis Horst described "The Desperate Heart" as "the finest solo work in the entire modern dance repertory of this decade."
Ballet.
In 1947, Bettis became the first modern dance choreographer to work with a major ballet company. Her production of "Virginia Sampler", as performed by the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, was called "an interesting and unsuccessful experiment." In 1948,Bettis adapted, directed, and choreographed William Faulkner's novel "As I Lay Dying" fusing acting and dance into a dance play. John Martin, The New York Times dance critic, called it "a completely authoritative work of art." Doris Hering of Dance Magazine wrote "Only an artist with the deepest feeling for movement and drama could have worked the wonders Miss Bettis did with the material at hand.". Bettis's next attempt at a dance play,'Domino Furioso", which premiered the 1949 American Dance Festival, was less successful, attracting mixed reviews: "attractive" and "easy to take in", Hering this time wrote, "If Miss Bettis is not careful she will talk us all to death." Bettis found success in 1952 when she choreographed a ballet based on the Tennessee Williams play "A Streetcar Named Desire". Critics described it as "gripping" and a "stunning, explosive creation."
Musical theatre.
Bettis first tried her hand at musical comedies when she choreographed and performed in "Glad to See You" in 1944. In 1948, she won a Theatre World Award for her performance in "Inside U.S.A.", a revue that would run for nearly 400 performances at the New Century Theatre and the Majestic Theatre. Her performance in the 1950 revue "Bless You All" was praised by Life magazine both for her dancing and for her singing abilities.
Movies.
Rita Hayworth's dances to the songs "Trinidad Lady" and "I've Been Kissed Before" (in the 1952 movie "Affair in Trinidad"), as well as the "Dance of the Seven Veils" (in the 1953 movie "Salome") were choreographed by Valerie Bettis.

</doc>
<doc id="19729624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729624" title="Zachary Taylor">
Zachary Taylor

Zachary Taylor (November 24, 1784 – July 9, 1850) was the 12th President of the United States, serving from March 1849 until his death in July 1850. Prior to his presidency, Taylor was a career officer in the United States Army, rising to the rank of major general. His status as a national hero as a result of his victories in the Mexican-American War won him election to the White House despite his vague political beliefs. His top priority as president was preserving the Union, but he died sixteen months into his term, before making any progress on the status of slavery, which had been inflaming tensions in Congress.
Taylor was born to a prominent family of planters who migrated westward from Virginia to Kentucky in his youth. He was commissioned as an officer in the U.S. Army in 1808 and made a name for himself as a captain in the War of 1812. He climbed the ranks establishing military forts along the Mississippi River and entered the Black Hawk War as a colonel in 1832. His success in the Second Seminole War attracted national attention and earned him the nickname "Old Rough and Ready".
In 1845, as the annexation of Texas was underway, President James K. Polk dispatched Taylor to the Rio Grande area in anticipation of a potential battle with Mexico over the disputed Texas-Mexico border. The Mexican–American War broke out in May 1846, and Taylor led American troops to victory in a series of battles culminating in the Battle of Palo Alto and the Battle of Monterrey. He became a national hero, and political clubs sprung up to draw him into the upcoming 1848 presidential election.
The Whig Party convinced the reluctant Taylor to lead their ticket, despite his unclear platform and lack of interest in politics. He won the election alongside U.S. Representative Millard Fillmore of New York, defeating Democratic candidate Lewis Cass. As president, Taylor kept his distance from Congress and his cabinet, even as partisan tensions threatened to divide the Union. Debate over the slave status of the large territories claimed in the war led to threats of secession from Southerners. Despite being a Southerner and a slaveholder himself, Taylor did not push for the expansion of slavery. To avoid the question, he urged settlers in New Mexico and California to bypass the territorial stage and draft constitutions for statehood, setting the stage for the Compromise of 1850. Taylor died suddenly of a stomach-related illness in July 1850, ensuring he would have little impact on the sectional divide that led to civil war a decade later.
Early life and family.
Taylor was born on November 24, 1784, on a plantation in Orange County, Virginia, to a prominent family of planters of English ancestry. He is believed to have been born, inconclusively, at the home of his maternal grandfather, Hare Forest Farm. He was the third of five surviving sons in his family (a sixth died in infancy) and had three younger sisters. His mother was Sarah Dabney (Strother) Taylor. His father, Richard Taylor, had served as a lieutenant colonel in the American Revolution. Taylor was a descendant of Elder William Brewster, the Pilgrim colonist leader of the Plymouth Colony, a "Mayflower" immigrant, and one of the signers of the Mayflower Compact; and Isaac Allerton Jr., a colonial merchant and colonel who was the son of "Mayflower" Pilgrim Isaac Allerton and Fear Brewster. Taylor's second cousin through that line was James Madison, the fourth president.
Leaving exhausted lands, his family joined the westward migration out of Virginia and settled near what developed as Louisville, Kentucky, on the Ohio River. Taylor grew up in a small woodland cabin before his family moved to a brick house with increased prosperity. The rapid growth of Louisville was a boon for Taylor's father, who came to own throughout Kentucky by the start of the 19th century; he held 26 slaves to cultivate the most developed portion of his holdings. There were no formal schools on the Kentucky frontier, and Taylor had a sporadic formal education. A schoolmaster recalled Taylor as a quick learner. His early letters show a weak grasp of spelling and grammar, and his handwriting was later described as "that of a near illiterate".
In June 1810, Taylor married Margaret Mackall Smith, whom he had met the previous autumn in Louisville. "Peggy" Smith came from a prominent family of Maryland planters; she was the daughter of Major Walter Smith, who had served in the Revolutionary War. The couple had six children:
Military career.
On May 3, 1808, Taylor joined the U.S. Army, receiving a commission as a first lieutenant of the Seventh Infantry Regiment. He was among the new officers commissioned by Congress in response to the Chesapeake–Leopard Affair, in which an American frigate had been boarded by the crew of a British warship, sparking calls for war. Taylor spent much of 1809 in the dilapidated camps of New Orleans and nearby Terre aux Boeufs. He was promoted to captain in November 1810. His army duties were limited at this time, and he attended to his personal finances. Over the next several years, he began to purchase slaves and a good deal of bank stock in Louisville. In July 1811 he was called to the Indiana Territory, where he assumed control of Fort Knox after the commandant fled. In only a few weeks, he was able to restore order in the garrison, for which he was lauded by Governor William Henry Harrison.
During the War of 1812, in which U.S. forces battled the British Empire and its Indian allies, Taylor successfully defended Fort Harrison in Indiana Territory from an Indian attack commanded by the Shawnee chief Tecumseh. Taylor gained recognition and received a brevet (temporary) promotion to the rank of major. Later that year he joined General Samuel Hopkins as an aide on two expeditions: the first into the Illinois Territory and the second to the Tippecanoe battle site, where they were forced to retreat in the Battle of Wild Cat Creek. Taylor moved his growing family to Fort Knox after the violence subsided. In spring 1814, he was called back into action under Brigadier General Benjamin Howard. That October he supervised the construction of Fort Johnson, the last toehold of the U.S. Army in the upper Mississippi River Valley. Upon Howard's death a few weeks later, Taylor was ordered to abandon the fort and retreat to Saint Louis. Reduced to the rank of captain when the war ended in 1814, he resigned from the army. He re-entered it a year later after gaining a commission as a major.
For two years, Taylor commanded Fort Howard at the Green Bay, Wisconsin settlement. He then returned to Louisville and his family. In April 1819 he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel and dined with President James Monroe. In late 1821, Taylor took the 7th Infantry to Natchitoches, Louisiana, on the Red River. On the orders of General Edmund P. Gaines, they set out to locate a new post more convenient to the Sabine River frontier. By the following March, Taylor had established Fort Jesup, at the Shield's Spring site southwest of Natchitoches. That November he was transferred to Fort Robertson at Baton Rouge, where he remained until February 1824. He spent the next few years on recruiting duty. In late 1826 he was called to Washington, D.C., to work on an Army committee to consolidate and improve military organization. In the meantime he acquired his first Louisiana plantation and decided to move with his family to Baton Rouge as their home.
In May 1828, Taylor was called back to action, commanding Fort Snelling in Minnesota on the northern Mississippi River for a year, and nearby Fort Crawford for a year. After some time on furlough, when he expanded his landholdings, Taylor was promoted to colonel of the 1st Infantry Regiment in April 1832. At that time, the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West. Taylor campaigned under General Henry Atkinson to pursue and later defend against Chief Black Hawk's forces throughout the summer. The end of the war in August 1832 signaled the end of Indian resistance to U.S. expansion in the area, and the following years were relatively quiet. During this period Taylor resisted the courtship of his 17-year-old daughter Sarah Knox Taylor and Lieutenant Jefferson Davis. He respected Davis but did not approve of his daughter becoming a military wife, as he knew it was a hard life for families. Davis and Sarah Taylor married in June 1835, but she died three months later of malaria contracted on a summer visit to Davis' sister in St. Francisville, Louisiana.
By 1837, the Second Seminole War was underway when Taylor was directed to Florida. He defeated the Seminole Indians in the Christmas Day Battle of Lake Okeechobee, which was among the largest U.S.–Indian battles of the nineteenth century. He was promoted to brigadier general in recognition of his success. In May 1838, Brig. Gen. Thomas Jesup stepped down and placed Taylor in command of all American troops in Florida, a position he held for two years. His reputation as a military leader was growing, and with it, he began to be known as "Old Rough and Ready." After his long-requested relief was granted, Taylor spent a comfortable year touring the nation with his family and meeting with military leaders. During this period, he began to be interested in politics and corresponded with President William Henry Harrison. He was made commander of the Second Department of the Army's Western Division in May 1841. The sizable territory ran from the Mississippi River westward, south of the 37th parallel north. Stationed in Arkansas, Taylor enjoyed several uneventful years, spending as much time attending to his land speculation as to military matters.
Mexican–American War.
In anticipation of the annexation of the Republic of Texas, which had established independence in 1836, Taylor was sent in April 1844 to Fort Jesup in Louisiana. He was ordered to guard against any attempts by Mexico to reclaim the territory. He served there until July 1845, when annexation became imminent, and President James K. Polk directed him to deploy into disputed territory in Texas, "on or near the Rio Grande" near Mexico. Taylor chose a spot at Corpus Christi, and his Army of Occupation encamped there until the following spring in anticipation of a Mexican attack.
Taylor's men advanced to the Rio Grande in March 1846. Polk's attempts to negotiate with Mexico had failed, and war appeared imminent. Violence broke out several weeks later, when some of Captain Seth B. Thornton's men were attacked by Mexican forces near the river. Polk, learning of the Thornton Affair, told Congress in May that a war between Mexico and the U.S. had begun. That same month, Taylor commanded American forces at the Battle of Palo Alto and the nearby Battle of Resaca de la Palma, defeating the Mexican forces, which greatly outnumbered his own. These victories made him a popular hero, and within weeks he received a brevet promotion to major general and a formal commendation from Congress. The national press compared him to George Washington and Andrew Jackson, both generals who had ascended to the presidency, although Taylor denied any interest in running for office. "Such an idea never entered my head," he remarked in a letter, "nor is it likely to enter the head of any sane person."
In September, Taylor inflicted heavy casualties upon the Mexican defenders at the Battle of Monterrey. The city of Monterrey had been considered "impregnable", but was captured in three days, forcing Mexican forces to retreat. Taylor was criticized for signing a "liberal" truce, rather than pressing for a large-scale surrender. Afterwards, half of Taylor's army was ordered to join General Winfield Scott's soldiers as they besieged Veracruz. Mexican General Antonio López de Santa Anna discovered, through an intercepted letter from Scott, that Taylor had contributed all but 6,000 of his men to the effort. His remaining force included only a few hundred regular army soldiers, and Santa Anna resolved to take advantage of the situation.
Santa Anna attacked Taylor with 20,000 men at the Battle of Buena Vista in February 1847, leaving around 700 Americans dead or wounded at a cost of over 1,500 Mexican. Outmatched, the Mexican forces retreated, ensuring a "far-reaching" victory for the Americans.
In recognition of his victory at Buena Vista, Taylor was elected an honorary member of the New York Society of the Cincinnati on July 4, 1847. Taylor's father had been an Original Member of the Virginia Society of the Cincinnati. Unfortunately for the younger Taylor, the Virginia society had disbanded shortly before the elder Taylor's death, which prevented him from succeeding to his father's "seat" in the Society.
Taylor remained at Monterrey until late November 1847, when he set sail for home. While he would spend the following year in command of the Army's entire western division, his active military career was over. In December he received a hero's welcome in New Orleans and Baton Rouge, and his popular legacy set the stage for the 1848 presidential election.
Election of 1848.
In his capacity as a career officer, Taylor had never reportedly revealed his political beliefs before 1848 nor voted before that time. He thought of himself as an independent, believing in a strong and sound banking system for the country, and thought that President Andrew Jackson should not have allowed the Second Bank of the United States to collapse in 1836. He believed it was impractical to talk about expanding slavery into the western areas of the U.S., as he concluded that neither cotton nor sugar (both were produced in great quantities as a result of slavery) could be easily grown there through a plantation economy. He was also a firm nationalist, and due to his experience of seeing many people die as a result of warfare, he believed that secession was not a good way to resolve national problems. Taylor, although he did not agree with their stand in favor of protective tariffs and expensive internal improvements, aligned himself with Whig Party governing policies: the President should not be able to veto a law, unless that law was against the Constitution; that the office should not interfere with Congress; and that the power of collective decision-making, as well as the Cabinet, should be strong.
Well before the American victory at Buena Vista, political clubs were formed which supported Taylor for President. His support was drawn from an unusually broad assortment of political bands, including Whigs and Democrats, Northerners and Southerners, allies and opponents of national leaders such as Henry Clay and James K. Polk. By late 1846 Taylor's opposition to a presidential run began to weaken, and it became clear that his principles more closely resembled Whig orthodoxy. Still, he maintained that he would only accept election as a national, independent figure, rather than a partisan loyalist. Taylor declared, as the 1848 Whig Party convention approached, that he had always been a Whig in principle, but he did consider himself a Jeffersonian-Democrat. Many southerners believed that Taylor supported slavery and its expansion into the new territory absorbed from Mexico, and some were angered when Taylor suggested that if he were elected President he would not veto the Wilmot Proviso, which proposed against such an expansion. This position did not enhance his support from activist antislavery elements in the Northern U.S., as these wanted Taylor to speak out strongly in support of the Proviso, not simply fail to veto it. Most abolitionists did not support Taylor, since he was a slave-owner. Many southerners also knew that Taylor supported states' rights and was opposed to protective tariffs and government spending for internal improvements. The Whigs hoped that he put the federal union of the United States above all else.
Taylor received the Whig nomination for President in 1848. For his Vice Presidential nominee the convention chose Millard Fillmore, a prominent New York Whig who had chaired the House Ways and Means Committee and had been a contender for Henry Clay's Vice Presidential nominee in the 1844 election. Fillmore's selection was largely an attempt at reconciliation with northern Whigs, who were furious at the election of a slaveowning southerner; all factions of the party were dissatisfied with the final ticket. Taylor continued to minimize his role in the campaign, preferring not to directly meet with voters or correspond regarding his political views. His campaign was skillfully directed by Senator John J. Crittenden of Kentucky, a friend and early political supporter, and bolstered by a late endorsement from Senator Daniel Webster of Massachusetts. Taylor defeated Lewis Cass, the Democratic candidate, and Martin Van Buren, the Free Soil candidate.
Taylor ignored the Whig platform, as historian Michael F. Holt explains:
Presidency (1849–1850).
Transition and inauguration.
As president-elect, Taylor kept his distance from Washington, not resigning his Western Division command until late January 1849. He spent the months following the election formulating his cabinet selections. He was deliberate and quiet about his decisions, to the frustration of his fellow Whigs. While he despised patronage and political games, he endured a flurry of advances from office-seekers looking to play a role in his administration.
While he would not appoint any Democrats, Taylor wanted his cabinet to reflect the nation's diverse interests, and so apportioned the seats geographically. He also avoided choosing prominent Whigs, sidestepping such obvious selections as Henry Clay. He saw Crittenden as a cornerstone of his administration, offering him the crucial seat of Secretary of State, but Crittenden insisted on serving out the Governorship of Kentucky to which he had just been elected. Taylor settled instead on Senator John M. Clayton of Delaware, a close associate of Crittenden's.
Taylor began his trek to Washington in late January, a journey rife with bad weather, delays, injuries, and sickness. Taylor finally arrived in the nation's capital on February 24 and soon met with the outgoing President Polk. The incumbent Democrat held a low opinion of Taylor, privately deeming him "without political information" and "wholly unqualified for the station" of President. Taylor spent the following week meeting with political elites, some of whom were unimpressed with his appearance and demeanor. With less than two weeks until his inauguration, he met with Clayton and hastily finalized his cabinet.
Taylor's term as president began Sunday, March 4, but his inauguration was not held until the following day out of religious concerns. His inauguration speech discussed the many tasks facing the nation, but presented a governing style of deference to Congress and sectional compromise instead of assertive executive action. Throughout the summer of 1849, Taylor toured the northeastern U.S., to familiarize himself with a region of which he had seen little. He spent much of the trip plagued by gastrointestinal illness and returned to Washington by September.
Sectional crisis.
As Taylor took office, Congress faced a battery of questions related to the Mexican Cession, comprising three major territories acquired by the U.S. after the Mexican War: California, New Mexico, and Utah. It was unclear which of the acquisitions would achieve statehood and which would remain federal territories, while the question of their slave status threatened to bitterly divide Congress. While a southern slaveowner himself, Taylor had no particular bias toward the southern faction of Congress which sought to maintain its right to slavery. His major goal was sectional peace, preserving the Union through legislative compromise. As the threat of Southern secession grew, he sided increasingly with northern abolitionists such as Senator William H. Seward of New York, even suggesting that he would sign the Wilmot Proviso to ban slavery in federal territories should such a bill reach his desk.
In Taylor's view, the best way forward was to admit California as a state rather than a federal territory, as it would leave the slavery question out of Congress's hands. The timing for statehood was in Taylor's favor, as the Gold Rush was well underway at the time of his inauguration, and California's population was exploding. The administration dispatched Rep. Thomas Butler King to California, to test the waters and advocate on behalf of statehood, knowing that the Californians were certain to adopt an anti-slavery constitution. King found that a constitutional convention was already underway, and by October 1849, the convention unanimously agreed to join the Union—and to ban slavery within their borders.
The question of the New Mexico–Texas border was unsettled at the time of Taylor's inauguration. The territory newly won from Mexico was under federal jurisdiction, but the Texans claimed a swath of land north of Santa Fe and were determined to include it within their borders, despite having no significant presence there. Taylor sided with the New Mexicans' claim, initially pushing to keep it as a federal territory, but eventually supported statehood so as to further reduce the slavery debate in Congress. The Texas government, under newly instated governor P. Hansborough Bell, tried to ramp up military action in defense of the territory against the federal government, but was unsuccessful.
The Latter Day Saint settlers of modern-day Utah had established a provisional State of Deseret, an enormous swath of territory which had little hope of recognition by Congress. The Taylor administration considered combining the California and Utah territories, but instead opted to organize the Utah Territory. To alleviate the Mormon population's concerns over religious freedom, Taylor promised they would have relative independence from Congress despite being a federal territory.
Taylor sent his only State of the Union report to Congress in December 1849. He recapped international events and suggested several adjustments to tariff policy and executive organization, but such issues were overshadowed by the sectional crisis facing Congress. He reported on California's and New Mexico's applications for statehood, and recommended that Congress approve them as written and "should abstain from the introduction of those exciting topics of a sectional character". The policy report was prosaic and unemotional, but ended with a sharp condemnation of secessionists. It had no effect on Southern legislators, who saw the admission of two free states as an existential threat, and Congress remained stalled.
Foreign affairs.
Taylor and his Secretary of State, John M. Clayton, both lacked diplomatic experience, and came into office at a relatively uneventful time in American–international politics. Their shared nationalism allowed Taylor to devolve foreign policy matters to Clayton with minimal oversight, although no decisive foreign policy was established under their administration. As opponents of the autocratic European order, they vocally supported German and Hungarian liberals in the revolutions of 1848, although they offered little in the way of aid. A perceived insult from the French minister Guillaume Tell Poussin nearly led to a break in diplomatic relations until Poussin was replaced, and a reparation dispute with Portugal resulted in harsh words from the Taylor administration. In a more positive effort, the administration arranged for two ships to assist in the United Kingdom's search for a team of British explorers, led by John Franklin, who had gotten lost in the Arctic. While previous Whig administrations had emphasized Pacific trade as an economic imperative, the Taylor administration took no major initiative in the Far East.
Throughout 1849 and 1850, they contended with Narciso López, the Venezuelan radical who led repeated filibustering expeditions in an attempt to conquer the island of Cuba. While López made generous offers to American military leaders to support him, Taylor and Clayton saw the enterprise as illegal. They issued a blockade, and later, authorized a mass arrest of López and his fellows, although the group would eventually be acquitted. They also confronted Spain, which had arrested several Americans on the charge of piracy, but the Spaniards eventually surrendered them to maintain good relations with the U.S.
The definitive foreign policy accomplishment of the Taylor administration was the Clayton–Bulwer Treaty, regarding a proposed inter-oceanic canal through Central America. While the U.S. and Britain were on friendly terms, and the construction of such a canal was decades away from reality, the mere possibility put the two nations in an uneasy position. For several years, Britain had been seizing strategic points, particularly the Mosquito Coast on the eastern coast of present-day Nicaragua. Negotiations were held with Britain that resulted in the landmark Clayton–Bulwer Treaty Both nations agreed not to claim control of any canal that might be built in Nicaragua. The treaty promoted development of an Anglo-American alliance; its completion was Taylor's last action as president.
Compromise attempts and final days.
Senate Majority Leader Henry Clay took a central role as Congress debated the statehood question. While his positions had some overlap with Taylor's, the president always maintained his distance from Clay. Historians disagree on his motivations for doing so. With assistance from Senator Daniel Webster of Massachusetts, Clay developed his landmark proposal, the Compromise of 1850. The proposal allowed statehood for California, giving it independence on the slavery question, while the other territories would remain under federal jurisdiction. This would include the disputed parts of New Mexico, although Texas would be reimbursed for the territory. Slavery would be retained in the District of Columbia, but the slave trade would be banned. Meanwhile, a strict Fugitive Slave Law would be enacted, bypassing northern legislation which had restricted Southerners from retrieving runaway slaves. Tensions flared as Congress negotiated and secession talks grew, culminating with a threat from Taylor to send troops into New Mexico to protect its border from Texas. The omnibus law was a major step forward but ultimately could not pass, due to extremists on both sides.
No great compromise reached Taylor's desk during his presidency; instead, his last days were overshadowed by the Galphin affair. Before joining the Taylor cabinet, Secretary of War George W. Crawford had served as a lawyer. He had been involved in a fifteen-year case, representing the descendants of a colonial trader whose services to the British crown had not been repaid at the time of the American Revolution. The British debt to George Galphin was to be assumed by the federal government, but Galphin's heirs only received payment on the debt's principal after years of litigation, and were unable to win an interest payment from the Polk administration.
Taylor's Treasury Secretary William M. Meredith, with the support of Attorney General Reverdy Johnson, finally signed off on the payment in April 1850. To the president's embarrassment, this payment included a legal compensation of nearly $100,000 to Crawford; two cabinet members had effectively offered a tremendous chunk of the public treasury to another. A House investigation cleared Crawford of any legal wrongdoing, but nonetheless expressed disapproval of his accepting the payment. Taylor, who had already been sketching out a re-organization of his cabinet, now had an unfolding scandal to complicate the situation.
Death.
On July 4, 1850, Taylor reportedly consumed raw fruit, probably cherries, and iced milk after attending holiday celebrations and a fund-raising event at the Washington Monument, which was then under construction. Over the course of several days, he became severely ill with an unknown digestive ailment. His doctor "diagnosed the illness as cholera morbus, a flexible mid–nineteenth-century term for intestinal ailments as diverse as diarrhea and dysentery but not related to Asiatic cholera," the latter being a widespread epidemic at the time of Taylor's death. The identity and source of Taylor's illness are the subject of historical speculation (see below), although it is known that several of his cabinet members had come down with a similar illness. Despite treatment, Taylor died at 10:35 p.m. on July 9, 1850. He was 65 years old.
Taylor was interred in the Public Vault of the Congressional Cemetery in Washington, D.C. from July 13, 1850 to October 25, 1850. (It was built in 1835 to hold remains of notables until either the grave site could be prepared or transportation arranged to another city.) His body was transported to the Taylor Family plot where his parents are buried, on the old Taylor homestead plantation known as 'Springfield' in Louisville, Kentucky.
In 1883, the Commonwealth of Kentucky placed a fifty-foot monument in his honor near his grave; it is topped by a life-sized statue of Taylor. By the 1920s, the Taylor family initiated the effort to turn the Taylor burial grounds into a national cemetery. The Commonwealth of Kentucky donated two pieces of land for the project, turning the half-acre Taylor family cemetery into . On May 6, 1926, the remains of Taylor and his wife (who died in 1852) were moved to the newly constructed Taylor mausoleum nearby. (It was made of limestone with a granite base, with a marble interior.) The cemetery property has been designated as the Zachary Taylor National Cemetery.
Assassination theories.
Almost immediately after his death, rumors began to circulate that Taylor was poisoned by pro-slavery Southerners, and similar theories persisted into the twentieth century. In 1978, Hamilton Smith based his assassination theory on the timing of drugs, the lack of confirmed cholera outbreaks, and other material. In the late 1980s, Clara Rising, a former professor at University of Florida, persuaded Taylor's closest living relative to agree to an exhumation so that his remains could be tested. The remains were exhumed and transported to the Office of the Kentucky Chief Medical Examiner on June 17, 1991. Samples of hair, fingernail, and other tissues were removed, and radiological studies were conducted. The remains were returned to the cemetery and reinterred, with appropriate honors, in the mausoleum.
Neutron activation analysis conducted at Oak Ridge National Laboratory revealed no evidence of poisoning, as arsenic levels were too low. The analysis concluded Taylor had contracted "cholera morbus, or acute gastroenteritis", as Washington had open sewers, and his food or drink may have been contaminated. Any potential for recovery was overwhelmed by his doctors, who treated him with "ipecac, calomel, opium and quinine (at 40 grains a whack), and bled and blistered him too." Political scientist Michael Parenti questions the traditional explanation for Taylor's death, and, relying on interviews and reports by forensic pathologists, argues that the procedure used to test for arsenic poisoning was fundamentally flawed. A 2010 review concludes: "there is no definitive proof that Taylor was assassinated, nor would it appear that there is definitive proof that he was not."
Legacy.
Because of his short tenure, Taylor is not considered to have strongly influenced the office of the Presidency or the U.S. Some historians believe that Taylor was too inexperienced with politics, at a time when officials needed close ties with political operatives. Despite his shortcomings, the Clayton–Bulwer Treaty affecting relations with Great Britain in Central America is "recognized as an important step in scaling down the nation's commitment to Manifest Destiny as a policy."
Taylor was the last President to own slaves while in office. He was the third of four Whig presidents, the last being Fillmore, his successor. Taylor was also the second president to die in office, preceded by William Henry Harrison who died while serving as President nine years earlier, as well as the only President elected from Louisiana.
The US Post Office released the first postage stamp issue honoring Zachary Taylor on June 21, 1875, 25 years after his death. In 1938, Taylor would appear again on a US Postage stamp, this time on the 12-cent Presidential Issue of 1938. Taylor's last appearance (to date, 2010) on a US postage stamp occurred in 1986 when he was honored on the AMERIPEX presidential issue. After Washington, Jefferson, Jackson and Lincoln, Zachary Taylor was the fifth American president to appear on US postage.
He is the namesake for several names and places throughout the United States, including:
Further reading.
General biographies
Political history
Genealogy

</doc>
<doc id="19729645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729645" title="Alexander Shlemenko">
Alexander Shlemenko

Alexander Pavlovich Shlemenko (, born 20 May 1984) is a Russian mixed martial artist currently fighting in the Middleweight division for Bellator Fighting Championships, where he is the current Bellator Middleweight Champion. Alexander is an expert in hand-to-hand combat and traditional Kickboxing. He trains at the "Saturn Profi" sports club in Omsk, Russia, and holds a degree in Physical Culture (specialization - Combat Sports Trainer) at the Omsk State University. Shlemenko is ranked as the #8 middleweight in the world by Fight!Magazine.
Early career.
As a teenager, Alexander did skiing and Greco-Roman wrestling. At the age of 15, Shlemenko seriously started to train ARB, which is the Russian abbreviation for "army hand-to-hand combat". He competed in many regional and national tournaments in ARB, and got to the highest sport level by reaching the title of "master of sports".
After watching a professional pancration tournament, Shlemenko immediately wanted to try it out. Shortly after that, he made his professional MMA-debut in 2004 at the age of 20 in his hometown Omsk, winning by TKO.
Fighting for the IAFC.
During the early stage of his professional MMA-career, Shlemenko competed in the IAFC (International Absolute Fighting Council). Fighting as usual multiple fights per night, Alexander won most of them by knockout, which can be seen in his record. In May 2005, after only one year of his professional MMA career, Shlemenko had an impressive 15-2 record, and was gaining more and more attention by the Russian fans and the media.
Rise as an MMA-fighter.
After the IAFC, Shlemenko fought in a lot of organisations, like M-1 Mixfight and BodogFight. He competed in EliteXC before the company went defunct. Its assets have been acquired by Strikeforce, having made his successful US debut on their 10 October 2008 "ShoXC" show on Showtime.
Alexander won most of his fights, often by KO or TKO. Through the series of wins, some of his losses were corner posts for his development as a fighter and his whole MMA-career.
Shlemenko vs. Ronaldo "Jacaré" Souza.
In April 2006, Alexander faced the former Strikeforce Middleweight champion Ronaldo Souza at Jungle Fight 5. Early in the first round, Jacaré moved the fight to the ground, and got a full mount position. After some heavy ground and pound, Jacaré submitted Shlemenko by an arm triangle choke. Shlemenko didn`t tap and got choked unconscious.
In his blog, Alexander later said, that he lost this fight, because he was a "young fool". According to his own words, Shlemenko didn`t even have a clue about fighting on the ground or grappling at all, he was still training as an ARB fighter (there is no ground game in ARB). Competing in MMA was just a hobby to gain some money while studying. After this fight, Shlemenko started to prepare himself like a professional mixed martial artist, training grappling as well.
According to one of his blogs, Shlemenko said that right now he would have a good chance to win in a rematch with "Jacaré".
Shlemenko vs. Jose "Pelé" Landi Jons.
As Alexander stated during an interview in 2010, the hardest fight of his career was the rematch with Jose "Pelé" Landi Jons in September 2006. The reason for this was, that Shlemenko noticed after the first round that he has broken both of his hands, but he still continued to fight.
Jose "Pelé" Landi Jons won by a disputed decision.
Shlemenko vs. Jordan Radev.
The only knockout loss of his career Alexander received from Jordan Radev, a Bulgarian Olympic wrestler and mixed martial artist. Alexander caught a heavy left hook in the second round, which knocked him out.
Later, in an interview Shlemenko said that this loss made him stronger, and gave him a lot of motivation to train harder.
Bellator Fighting Championships.
MW tournament season 2.
In 2010, Shlemenko signed with Bellator and made his debut in the Season 2 Middleweight Tournament at Bellator 16, defeating Matt Major via unanimous decision.
In the semi-finals of the tournament, Alexander defeated Jared Hess, after Hess dislocated his knee, forcing the TKO via stoppage.
Shlemenko then faced Bryan Baker in the Bellator Middleweight tournament final on 24 June 2010 at Bellator 23. He won the fight via TKO in the first round to become the Bellator Season 2 Middleweight tournament winner. In addition to a $100,000 check for winning the tournament, Shlemenko obtained a chance to fight against Hector Lombard for the Bellator Middleweight Championship title at Bellator 34 on 28 October 2010.
On 28 October 2010 at Bellator 34, Alexander Shlemenko faced Hector Lombard. Lombard controlled nearly the whole fight, landing elusive striking combinations and heavy elbows from Shlemenko`s guard. Despite taking a lot of damage that would've finished most opponents, Shlemenko actively fought back and even won the 5th round on the judges scorecards with a few well placed knees, some spinning backfists and stuffing takedown attempts. This was due to Hector Lombard relying mostly on takedowns to win the rounds after Shlemenko figured out his timing on the feet.
MW tournament season 5.
In the opening round of the Bellator Season 5 Middleweight Tournament, Shlemenko fought Zelg Galesic, a Croatian mixed martial artist with a Taekwondo background. This fight was anticipated as an interesting striking match between two experienced stand-up fighters. Despite these expectations, Alexander won via standing guillotine choke in the 1st round, proving his rarely seen submission skills.
In the semifinal round, Shlemenko faced Brian Rogers, an American fighter noted for many 1st round stoppages due to striking. Rogers came out aggressively in the first round, landing striking combinations. After a lost 1st round, Shlemenko started to dictate the pace of the fight early in the second round. A landed backfist, followed by heavy knee strikes to the head brought Rogers in trouble in the first half of the round. After both fighters exchanged some punches, Alexander managed to land another unanswered series of heavy knees to the head of Rogers, which forced the referee to stop the fight at 2:31 of the second round. After the fight Alexander stated in his blog, that he was rather nervous during the fight, and that he saw Brian Rogers as a very athletic and explosive opponent.
In the tournament finals, Shlemenko faced Vitor Vianna, a two time world BJJ-champion. Nearly the whole fight Alexander dominated in stand-up punching exchanges, which brought him a win by unanimous decision. This win earned Shlemenko a rematch for the title against Hector Lombard. However, Lombard signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship and the Middleweight title was vacated.
Middleweight championship.
On 25 April 2012, Bellator CEO Bjorn Rebney announced that the winner of the Season Six Middleweight tournament finale Maiquel Falcão would face Shlemenko to crown the company's new Middleweight champion. The two men met at Bellator 88 on 7 February 2013 for the vacant title. Shlemenko won via knock out in the second round.
Shlemenko was expected to face Bellator Season 8 Middleweight Tournament winner Doug Marshall on September 7, 2013 at . However, on August 19, Marshall was forced out of the title bout due to an injury and was replaced by Season 8 Middleweight Tournament runner up Brett Cooper. In the rematch Shlemenko defeated Cooper via unanimous decision to retain the Bellator Middleweight Championship.
The title fight with Doug Marshall eventually took place on November 22, 2013 at Bellator 109. Shlemenko won the fight via knockout in the first round with a body punch, successfully defending his title for the second time.
Shlemenko will now face winner Brennan Ward at Bellator 114 on March 28, 2014.
Fighting style.
Shlemenko is known for his unorthodox striking style, which is difficult to refer to as traditional Muay Thai, Kickboxing, or ARB. Alexander is known for his knee strikes, he also often uses techniques such as the spinning backkick or spinning backfist. As stated in many interviews, he prefers to fight stand-up rather than on the ground, always trying to knock his opponent out. Often esteemed as a pure striker, Shlemenko also has some grappling skills, which he showed by defeating via submission among others Gregory Babene and Zakir Lalashov (both via triangle choke). Alexander switches from southpaw to orthodox during his fights. In his blog he says, that he can fight equally in both positions.
Beside his technical skills, Alexander shows impressive cardio during his fights, which he attributes to skiing as a teenager.
Training.
Alexander Shlemenko trains twice a day at the "Saturn Profi" sports club in Omsk, Russia. Although of his young age, but through his big experience in MMA and his degree in sport science Shlemenko is already active as a trainer too. His students Alexander Sarnavskiy and Andrey Koreshkov are looked as top prospects in mixed martial arts, showing impressive ground game and stand-up skills. On sherdog.com (December 2011), Sarnavskiy has a record of 23-1, Koreshkov one of 13-1.
During Bellator Season 5 Middleweight Tournament, Shlemenko and his students were training for three months in the USA, at HB Ultimate Sports Center or Reign MMA, working together with BJ Penn and Mark Muñoz among other top MMA-fighters.

</doc>
<doc id="19729651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729651" title="Iran–PJAK conflict">
Iran–PJAK conflict

The Iran–PJAK conflict, or Iran-Party for a Free Life in Kurdistan conflict is an armed conflict between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the ethnic secessionist Kurdish guerrilla group Party for a Free Life in Kurdistan (PJAK), which began in 2004. The group had been carrying out attacks in the Kurdistan Province of Iran and other Kurdish-inhabited areas, and is closely affiliated with the Kurdistan Workers' Party operating against Turkey. Following large clashes in summer 2011, a cease-fire was declared between the parties, with Iran claiming victory and PJAK ending all armed operations as of 29 September 2011. Since then, several violent incidents have occurred, including the Baneh clash in December 2011 and another clash in April 2012. In 2013, confrontations renewed, including clashes in May 2013, August battle in Sardasht border area and more events in October.
In line with the Turkish PKK's goals, PJAK leaders say their long-term goals are to establish an autonomous Kurdish region within the Iranian state. It is mainly focused on replacing Iran's theocracy with a democratic and federal government, where self-rule is granted to all ethnic minorities of Iran, including Sunni, Arabs, Azeris, and Kurds. Many however refer to PJAK as a strictly separatist organization, pursuing a complete disengagement of the Kurdish regions from Iran and alliance with neighbouring Kurdish regions in Iraq, Turkey and Syria.
Background.
Since the Iranian Revolution, there has been an ongoing conflict between Iran’s central government and Kurdish political movements rooted in the predominantly Kurdish region of western Iran. The level of violence has ebbed and flowed with peaks of serious conflict in 1979, the early eighties and the early nineties.
Kurdish casualties are estimated by the Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran (KDPI)) at more than 30,000 civilian dead in addition to 4,000 Kurdish fighters. Along with the dead, there have been tens of thousands of people imprisoned; hundreds of villages destroyed and hundreds of thousands of people displaced. The local economy of an already under-developed region has been severely damaged by the conflict, as of course has the Iranian economy as a whole.
Founding of PJAK.
The exact history of PJAK is widely disputed. Turkey and Iran claim that PJAK is no more than an off-shoot of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). According to some sources, members of the PKK founded the PJAK in 2004 as an Iranian equivalent to their leftist-nationalist insurgency against the Turkish government.
According to founding members of PJAK, however, the group began in Iran around 1997 as an entirely peaceful student-based human rights movement. The group was inspired by the success of Iraq's Kurdish autonomous region and by the PKK's struggle in Turkey. Discouraged by the failure of previous Kurdish revolts, however, PJAK's leaders initially worked only to maintain and build a Kurdish national identity and to thwart the Iranian government's attempts to re-brand Iranian Kurds as ethnic Persians or Aryans. After a series of government crackdowns against Kurdish activists and intellectuals, the group's leadership moved to the safety of Iraqi Kurdistan in 1999. There they settled in the area controlled by the PKK on the slopes of Mount Qandil—less than 10 miles from the Iranian border. Once established at Qandil and operating under the PKK's security umbrella, PJAK adopted many of the political ideas and military strategies of jailed PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan, whose theories had initially inspired PJAK's founders while still in Iran. The PKK's ideological influence also transformed PJAK from a civil rights movement to a more ambitious and multi-directional independence movement, aided by the transfer of many seasoned PKK fighters of Iranian origin into PJAK.
Abductions of Iranian security forces.
PJAK's leaders have twice kidnapped groups of Iranian soldiers in 2003 and 2004. In both instances Iranian soldiers were released unharmed after being tried and acquitted for "crimes against the Kurdish people" by ad hoc PJAK courts in Iranian Kurdistan.
Timeline.
2004.
The PJAK group's first armed attack took place in 2004 in the Meriwan region of Iranian Kurdistan, after Iranian security forces fired on a Kurdish demonstration killing 10 people.
2005.
Istanbul's Cihan News Agency claimed that over 100 members of the Iranian security forces were killed by PJAK during 2005.
2006.
In February 2006, 10 Kurdish demonstrators were killed by police in the city of Maku. PJAK responded with three attacks against two Iranian bases. PJAK killed 24 members of Iranian security forces on April 3, 2006 in a raid, performed in retaliation for the killing of 10 Kurds demonstrating in Maku by Iranian security forces. On April 10, 2006, seven PJAK members were arrested in Iran, on suspicion that they killed three Iranian security force personnel. Shortly afterward, on April 21, and again a week later, Iranian troops fired nearly 100 artillery shells at PJAK positions near Mount Qandil and briefly crossed the Iraqi border, according to the Iraqi Ministry of Defense. The Iranian attack is believed to have killed no more than 10 PJAK fighters.
PJAK set off a bomb on 8 May 2006 in Kermanshah, wounding five people at a government building. Since those events, the US news channel MSNBC claimed that the Iranian military begun bombardments of Kurdish villages in US-occupied Iraq along the Iranian border while claiming that their primary targets were PJAK militants. A number of civilians died. PJAK troops killed four Iranian soldiers on May 27, in a clash near the town of Mako in Iranian Kurdistan, the PKK's Roj TV reported.
On September 5, 2006 it was reported that Iranian forces engaged PJAK near Sardasht, killing more than 30 and injuring 40 Kurdish militants.
On September 28, 2006, Iran said that two members of the PKK (which Iran regularly confuses with the closely affiliated PJAK) blew up a gas pipeline to Turkey near the town of Bazargan in West Azerbaijan province.
2007.
On February 24, 2007 an Iranian helicopter crashed near the town of Khoy, killing 13 soldiers, including several members of the elite Revolutionary Guards and Said Qahari, the head of the Iranian army's 3rd Corps. PJAK quickly claimed to have shot down the helicopter using a shoulder-launched missile, killing 20 soldiers, including several senior officers, during an hour-long battle. Iran, however, blamed the crash on bad weather. After that, Iran launched a counter-offensive against the group in the northeast of Iran's West Azerbaijan province, near the Turkish border. According to Iran's state news agencies as many as 47 Kurdish rebels and 17 Iranian soldiers were killed in the violence between February 25 and March 1, 2007.
In August 2007, PJAK claimed it managed to down another Iranian military helicopter that was conducting a forward operation of bombardment by Iranian forces.
According to Kurdish officials, Iranian troops raided northern Iraq on August 23, 2007, attacking several villages.
2008.
The Iranian news agency IRNA reported on October 11, 2008 that members of the Iranian religious militia Basij killed four Kurdish guerrillas in a clash close to the Iraqi border.
In August 2008, under Iranian pressure, one of Iraqi Kurdistan's ruling parties, the PUK, launched an offensive against PJAK forces. KDP-leader and President of Iraqi Kurdistan, Massoud Barzani condmened PJAK operations against Iran multiple times.
According to West Azerbaijan provincial police commander Brigadier Hassan Karami his forces clashed with PJAK 65 times, killing 13 PJAK fighters and injuring 24 from April to November 2008. According to Brigadier Karimi this marked a 13 percent decline in PJAK attacks.
On November 10, 2008, PJAK announced it had halted all operations in Iran and would start fighting the Turkish military.
2009.
On April 24, 2009, PJAK rebels attacked a police station in Kermanshah province. According to updated reports 18 policemen and 8 rebels were killed in a fierce gun battle. According to Iranian government sources, the attack resulted in 10 policemen and 10 rebels killed. According to Hiedelberg Institute for International Conflict Research, the attack, which occurred on April 24 and 25, involved PJAK attacks on two police stations in the cities of Ravansar in northern Kermanshah province and in Sanandaj, the capital of Kordestan province, killing eleven police ofﬁcers, with more than ten PJAK members reportedly killed.
Iran responded a week later by attacking Kurdish villages in the border area of Panjwin inside Iraq using helicopter gunships. According to Iraqi border guards officials, the area attacked by Iran was not considered a stronghold of PJAK, that appeared to have been the target of the raid. According to the ICRC, more than 800 Iraqi Kurds have been forced from their homes by the recent cross-border violence.
2010.
In 2010, PJAK claimed responsibility for the deaths of 3 IRGC soldiers in Khoy. Earlier in the year Iranian police arrested a suspect in the killing of a prosecutor in the same region during clashes with "Kurdish militants."
2011.
On March 24, two Iranian police officers were killed and three others injured in two attacks in the city of Sanandaj in Kurdistan Province and on April 1 four border guards were killed and three others were wounded in an attack against a police station near the city of Marivan. On April 4, Iran's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) said the perpetrators of the previous attacks in Sanandaj were killed.
Two Kurdish guerillas affiliated to PJAK were reported to had been killed and another wounded by the IRIB TV website on June 19, 2011, in Iran's northwestern town of Chaldran in West Azerbajan province.
On 16 July 2011 the Iranian army launched a major offensive against PJAK compounds in the mountainous regions of northern Iraq. On July 17, the IRGC killed at last five PJAK members in a raid that destroyed one of the group's headquarters in northwestern Iran. PJAK claimed 21 Iranian soldiers were killed in the clashes. Iranian authorities on the other hand confirmed their casualties at 1 killed and 3 injured while claiming to have inflicted "heavy losses" on the rebels. They announced that they had captured three rebel bases, one of which was identified as Marvan and was said to be the leading PJAK camp in the region.
On July 20, PJAK killed 5 IRGC members and one IRGC commander while IRGC forces killed 35 PJAK fighters and captured several others during clashes on July 25. By July 26, more than 50 PJAK fighters and 8 Revolutionary Guards had been killed, and at least 100 PJAK fighters had been wounded according to Iranian sources, At least 3 civilians were killed. During clashes in the Jasosan and Alotan heights the next day, Iranian forces claimed to have killed over 21 PJAK fighters, confirming that two IRGC forces had been killed and two had been injured during the clashes.
On July 29, suspected PJAK militants blew up the Iran-Turkey gas pipeline, which was repaired the next day. On August 1, Iranian forces killed 3 and arrested 4 of the militants said to be responsible for the attack, at least one of which was a Turkish citizen.
On August 5, the leader of Party of free Life for Kurdistan, Rahman Haj Ahmedi, said to Newsmax that more than 300 Iranian Revolutionary Guards had been killed in a series of ambushes, while acknowledging 16 loses. Iranian officials however, claimed to have killed over 150 PJAK forces during the operations, confirming the deaths of only 17 Revolutionary Guards.
On August 8, 2011, Abdul Rahman Haji Ahmadi, the leader of the Party of Free Life of Kurdistan, said the armed rebel group is prepared to negotiate with Iran and maintained that Kurdish issues need to be solved through “peaceful means”.
In an exclusive interview with Rudaw, Haji Ahmadi acknowledged that in some cases compromise is inevitable and indicated that PJAK is willing to lay down its arms. He said fighting may not help Kurds secure political and cultural rights in Iran.
On August 8, 2011, Murat Karayılan, the leader of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) said they withdrew all PJAK fighters out of Iran and sent them to PKK camps in the Qandil mountains. He said they replaced PJAK forces on the Iranian border with PKK forces to prevent further clashes and called on Iran to end attacks because unlike the PJAK, the PKK was not at war with Iran. Karayılan released the following statement: “As the PKK, we have not declared any war against Iran. We do not wish to fight against the Islamic Republic of Iran either. Why? Because one of the aims of the international forces who seek to re-design the region is to besiege Iran. Currently, they are more preoccupied with Syria. If they just manage to work things out there as they wish, it will be Iran’s turn next. As Kurds, we do not think it quite right to be involved in a war with Iran at such a stage. You have no interest in targeting the PKK ... You must end this conflict. It is America that wants this conflict to go on. Because these attacks of yours serve America’s interests. They want both the PKK and Iran to grow weaker.”
On September 5, 2011, the IRGC rejected the cease-fire declared by the Kurdish rebel group PJAK, as meaningless, as long as PJAK forces remained on the borders of the Islamic Republic. Iran also said its troops had killed 30 PJAK fighters and wounded 40 in several days of fighting.
The battle ended inconclusively and on September 12, the cease fire was restored. Iranian official propaganda claimed to have captured three PJAK camps and to have destroyed PJAK’s military capability. The organization dismissed this, asserting that its fighters had defeated an Iranian attempt to seize the Qandil area.
On September 29, 2011, Iranian sources reported PJAK had officially surrendered after 180 deaths and 300 injured. According to another Iranian source, Iranian ambassador to Iraq Hassan Danaei-Far declared that they had cleared all areas of PJAK activities and that they had reached an agreement with the Iraqi central government and the Kurdistan Regional Government, in which they vowed to keep the border peaceful. According to Farsnews, IRGC ground commander General Abdollah Araqi declared that the conflict had ended after PJAK had accepted Iran's terms and withdrawn all its forces from Iranian soil.
In late October 2011, President of Iraqi Kurdistan Massoud Barzani said in a visit to Tehran that an agreement had been reached between the Kurdistan Regional Government and the PJAK, in which the PJAK had agreed to end its armed activities in the region and that the borders between Iran and the Kurdistan Region would now be safe.
On December 28, 2011, Iran's Revolutionary Guards Corps clashed with PJAK forces in Baneh in northwest Iran. PJAK reported that it was attacked by Iranian government forces, which led to the death of nine government officials; PJAK says it sustained no casualties. The Fars news agency, which is close to the IRGC, confirmed that a member of Basij, an IRGC sub-group, was killed in the conflict, adding that several PJAK members were wounded.
2012.
On early January, "Gloria Center" of the IDC published that despite the claims of the Iranians to have destroyed PJAK, the organization has survived the assault. PJAK was reported to be engaged in the construction of new defensive positions close to the border. On January 4, it was reported that the Kurdistan Free Life Party (PJAK) of Iran said Islamic Republic forces have violated the terms of the ceasefire between the two sides, relating to the Baneh clash, a week earlier.
On April 25, 2012, in a clash near Paveh, in Kermanshah province of Iran, 4 IRGC officers were killed and 4 others wounded. Casualties were also inflicted to PJAK, but there were no estimations available.
While the open Iran–PJAK conflict largely stalled after the Paveh clash, according to a Kurdish website at least 33 Kurds have been shot by the Revolutionary Guard in different cities in Iranian Kurdistan since the end of March 2012. Out of the 33 Kurds who have been shot at by the Guard, 21 have died and 12 have been injured seriously.
2013.
During February 2013, 3 Iranian IRGC soldiers died is separate clashes with PJAK.
A number of clashes between PJAK and IRGC took place also in May 2013, with at least 2 Iranian soldiers killed.
On early August, the Iran-based Party of Free Life of Kurdistan (PJAK) announced that it is "ready to send fighters to Syrian Kurdistan to fight beside their people."
On August 19, a battle erupted in the Sardasht border area between IRGC and PJAK, in which PJAK claimed to kill 7 Iranian soldiers and loose 2 fighters; Iran didn't comment on the event. In October 5 more IRGC affiliated militia men were killed in Iranian Kordestan.
Warfare tactics.
PJAK has adopted hit-and-run assault tactics against Iranian forces, carrying them out with small arms and grenades. Afterward, PJAK fighters may either melt back into Iranian society or re-cross the border into Iraqi Kurdistan. PJAK is believed to have some heavier weaponry in its Mount Qandil camp such as RPGs and heavy machine-guns.
Foreign involvement.
PJAK's military operations are believed to be funded by Kurdish immigrant communities in Europe and Kurdish businessmen in Iran. Despite Iranian accusations, there is no evidence of any foreign funding.
Relation to United States government and military structures.
On April 18, 2006, US Congressman Dennis Kucinich sent a letter to US president George W. Bush in which he expressed his judgment that the US is likely to be supporting and coordinating PJAK, since PJAK operates and is based in Iraqi territory, which is under the control of the U.S. supported Kurdistan Regional Government.
In November 2006, journalist Seymour Hersh writing in "The New Yorker", supported this claim, stating that the US military and the Israelis are giving the group equipment, training, and targeting information in order to cause destruction in Iran.
This is denied officially by both the US and PJAK. In an interview with Slate magazine in June 2006, when PJAK spokesman Ihsan Warya was paraphrased as stating that he "nevertheless points out that PJAK really does wish it were an agent of the United States, and that is disappointed that Washington hasn't made contact." The Slate article continues stating that the PJAK wishes to be supported by and work with the United States in overthrowing the government of Iran in a similar way to the US eventually cooperated with Kurdish organisations in Iraq in overthrowing the government of Iraq during the most recent Iraq war.
In August 2007, the leader of PJAK visited Washington, DC in order to seek more open support from the US both politically and militarily, but it was later said that he only made limited contacts with officials in Washington. One of the top officials in the PKK made a statement in late 2006, that "If the US is interested in PJAK, then it has to be interested in the PKK as well" referring to the alliance between the two groups and their memberships in the Kurdistan Democratic Confederation (KCK).
Casualties.
Uppsala count.
The Uppsala Conflict Data Program recorded 434 fatalities (ranging from 429 to 673) in the Iran–PJAK conflict from 2005 until 2011. These figures however do not include casualties from the year 2010.
News reports summary.
According to numerous news reports from 2004 to present, casualties range between 656 and 891; these figures are a mix of PJAK claims, Iranian government claims and third party confirmed deaths.
2004 casualties: 10+
2005 casualties: 100-120
During 2005, some 100-120 Iranian security forces killed, according to PJAK claims; unknown PJAK casualties.
2006 casualties: 80+ killed
2007 casualties: 102-114+ killed
2008 casualties: 28-100 killed
2009 casualties: 20-26 killed
2010 casualties: 45 killed
2011 casualties: 223-344 killed
2012 casualties: 4-8 killed
2013 casualties: 44 killed and executed.

</doc>
<doc id="19729657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729657" title="2008 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid – Singles">
2008 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid – Singles

David Nalbandian was the defending champion, but lost in the third round to Juan Martín del Potro.
Andy Murray won in the final 6–4, 7–6(8–6), against Gilles Simon, to claim his second Masters title.
Seeds.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19729660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729660" title="Jōjima">
Jōjima

, also spelled Jojima or Johjima, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19729672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729672" title="Dan Jorgensen (swimmer)">
Dan Jorgensen (swimmer)

Daniel Ploug Jorgensen (born April 4, 1968) is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States at two consecutive Olympic Games. 
At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, he earned a gold medal by swimming for the winning U.S. team in the men's 4x200-meter freestyle relay. Individually, he also competed in the B Final of the men's 400-meter freestyle and finished fourteenth overall (3:55.34).
Four years later at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, Jorgensen again swam in the preliminary heats of the men's 4x200-meter freestyle relay, and received a bronze medal when the U.S. team placed third in the event final. He also swam in the preliminary heats of the men's 400-meter freestyle, but did not advance.
His brother Lars also competed at the 1988 Olympics for the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19729688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729688" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Costa Rica">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Costa Rica

The Ambassador of the United Kingdom to Costa Rica is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Costa Rica, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in San José.
Heads of Mission.
The Republic of Costa Rica proclaimed its independence in 1838. The United Kingdom was represented intermittently by "chargés d'affaires" until 1884, and from then until 1908 by ministers based in Guatemala. From 1908 until 1945 the Minister to Panama was also non-resident Minister to Costa Rica. 

</doc>
<doc id="19729693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729693" title="1899 in India">
1899 in India

Events in the year 1899 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19729726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729726" title="Humboldtiana nuevoleonis">
Humboldtiana nuevoleonis

Humboldtiana nuevoleonis is a species of American air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Humboldtianidae.
Anatomy.
Snails in this species create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19729727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729727" title="REAN">
REAN

REAN is a marketing acronym that was first coined by Xavier Blanc in 2006 while working for a Finnish digital marketing agency [http://www.satama.com]. It is a simple yet powerful framework to plan ahead and/or analyze the often complex sequence of inter-related, multichannel, marketing activities that are needed to build & nurture a customer relationship. It stands for:
In large organizations, such activities are often performed in a very compartmentalized & fragmented way, leading to very substantial losses in both marketing effectiveness and cost efficiency. REAN is a useful tool to help fix such situations (finding broken links, duplications, message misalignment, etc.) or to plan ahead and align the activities of the different parts of a given organization.
New Developments.
This framework was developed further for the specific purpose of web-analytics by Steve Jackson [http://www.blackbeak.com/2008/01/29/measuring-online-engagement-re-visited-and-introducing-the-rean-model/]:
In September 2008 NOKIA showed their methodology at the Stockholm eMetrics summit [http://www.emetrics.org].
They called it AECR, Acquire, Engage, Convert and Retain which is based on very similar principles.

</doc>
<doc id="19729729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729729" title="Today Art Museum">
Today Art Museum

The Today Art Museum in Beijing, is China's first private, non-profit museum. The museum's mission is to support the development of Chinese contemporary art. 
The Today Art Museum was founded by Zhang Baoquan in 2002. Alex Gao officially began his service as Executive Director of the Today Art Museum in August, 2013. The museum's aim is to promote Chinese contemporary art based on an internationalized vision and a contemporary ideology. As the country's first non-for-profit, non-governmental art museum in China, the Today Art Museum is dedicated to establishing an appropriate development strategy for museums of its kind within a Chinese context.
"Foothold on today, outlook for tomorrow" is the Today Art Museum's slogan. The museum's focus is on Chinese contemporary art, its trends and key figures. At the same time, the institution strives to discover and support young artists in the community. Through the construction of a larger institutional framework and by carrying on relevant academic practices, the Today Art Museum hopes to solidify its standing in the history of art and offer a multi-tiered approach to China’s burgeoning art scene. The museum also promotes international dialogue through exhibitions and events that provide structure for meaningful cultural exchange between Chinese and non-Chinese artists and organizations. 
To maintain international standards for construction and operation of a non-governmental museum, the museum successfully completed its transformation into a non-profit organization by 2006. 
The Today Art Museum explores sustainable development for China’s private museums, adopting a more pragmatic approach that will gradually form a sound financial model for similar institutions. 
The museum is located in central Beijing (CBD), 32 Bai Zi Wan Road, Chao Yang District. 
Main number 5876 0600.

</doc>
<doc id="19729733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729733" title="Princess Béatrice of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Princess Béatrice of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Princess "Béatrice" Marie Caroline Louise Françoise of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (born 16 June 1950 in Saint-Raphaël, Var, France) is the eldest daughter of Prince Ferdinand, Duke of Castro, Castro-line claimant to the Head of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, and his wife Chantal de Chevron-Villette. Béatrice was also titled as Princess Napoléon through her marriage to Charles Napoléon, later titular "Emperor of the French" as Napoléon VII, Prince Imperial. Her younger brother, Prince Carlo, Duke of Castro, is the current Castro-line claimant to the Head of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Marriage and issue.
Béatrice married Charles Napoléon, eldest son of Prince Louis Napoléon and his wife Alix de Foresta, on 19 December 1978 in Paris, France. Charles was the great-great-grand-nephew of Napoleon I of France, founder of the Imperial House of France. The couple divorced in 1989.
Béatrice and Charles had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="19729747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729747" title="David Marsh (political scientist)">
David Marsh (political scientist)

David Marsh (born 1946) is a British political scientist. He is currently Professor of Political Sociology at the Australian National University's (ANU) College of Arts and Social Sciences. He was previously Director of the Research School of Social Sciences at ANU. Prior to this he was Professor of Political Sociology at the University of Birmingham, and also worked at the University of Strathclyde and the University of Essex.
Marsh's research focuses on issues of political participation, governance and policy transfer. His publications include "Theory and Methods in Political Science" (co-edited with Gerry Stoker, Palgrave Macmillan, 1995/2002/2010), "Demystifying Globalization" (co-edited with Colin Hay, Macmillan/St Martin's Press, 2000) and "The New Politics of British Trade Unionism: Union Power and the Thatcher Legacy" (Macmillan, 1992). He is co-editor of the journal "British Politics" and has published over 90 articles and book chapters during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="19729752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729752" title="Transilvania University of Brașov">
Transilvania University of Brașov

Transilvania University of Brașov (UTBv) is a state institution of higher education in Brașov, Romania. It has sixteen faculties, a total of 25,000 students and 800 teachers. The University offers 103 days license areas, 12 areas for Distance Education, and 5 areas for higher reduced frequency, as well as 17 graduate programs and 14 doctoral programs. 
History.
Background.
University level education came to be and evolved through the city of Brașov's strong cultural tradition and climate. Early notable cultural nuclei include the First Romanian School, the first printing press (introduced by Deacon Coresi), the Johannes Honterus High School, the activity centered around the newspaper 'Gazeta de Transilvania' (founded by George Barițiu), and many others.
Founding and expansion.
The first higher education school in Brașov was founded in 1940 in the form of the 'Academy of Commercial and Industrial Studies', followed by the 'Institute of Forestry' and the 'Institute of Mechanics' in 1948 and 49 respectively. Following 1953, these merge into the 'Polytechnic Institute of Brașov', while 1960 sees the establishment of another institute, with departments of Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry and Biology, followed by the founding of a department of Music in 1969.
In 1971 the 'University of Brașov' is founded by the merger of all higher education institutes through the Counil of Ministers' Decision no. 1285/15 October. There were eight departments at the time: Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Faculty of Manufacturing Engineering, Faculty of Forestry, Faculty of Wood Industry, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Faculty of Physics–Chemistry, Faculty of Natural and Agricultural Science and the Faculty of Music. 
Following the Romanian Revolution of 1989, the university changed its name to that of today, the '"Transilvania" University of Brașov'.
Since then, a number of other departments have been set up: Electrical Engineering, Economics (both in 1990), Medicine (1991), Psychology & Methodology (1995). In 1995, the Faculty of Manufacturing Engineering was split into the Faculty of Technologic Engineering and the Faculty of the Science and Engineering of Materials. Two colleges were also founded that year, that of Forestry and that of 'Economics and Computer Science'.
In 2001, the Faculty of Electrical Engineering expanded its array of specializations; thus it had its name changed to the 'Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science'.
In 2008 Transilvania University celebrated 60 years of existence, crowned with a spot at the top of the Romanian academic space.
Reorganisation.
Starting with the academic year 2005-2006, courses are organized to correspond with the Bologna Process.
Academic units.
The University provides courses of study in the following Faculties :

</doc>
<doc id="19729790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729790" title="Edouard Mielche">
Edouard Mielche

Edouard Mielche (8 August 1905 – 18 February 1969) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 17 films between 1928 and 1969.
He was born in Damsholte, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19729799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729799" title="1954–55 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1954–55 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1954. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlited in yellow, local programming is white.

</doc>
<doc id="19729801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729801" title="Wrath (disambiguation)">
Wrath (disambiguation)

Wrath or anger, usually associated with violence, violent reaction, or acting out. 
Wrath may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19729802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729802" title="Len Strazewski">
Len Strazewski

Len Strazewski is a comic book author who wrote "Starman" after Roger Stern. He has also worked on "The Flash", "Justice Society of America", "Phantom Lady", "The Fly", and many other prolific titles for DC comics. He also worked on a comic version of Speed Racer for NOW Comics. His "Street Fighter II" comic for Malibu Comics was canceled after 3 issues by Capcom because of his choice to have Ken Masters murdered in the second issue. Also on Malibu, he wrote "Prime", "Elven" and "Prototype". He is a professor of journalism at Columbia College Chicago and a member of the school's Board of Trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="19729823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729823" title="Jefferson County Courthouse Annex">
Jefferson County Courthouse Annex

The Jefferson County Courthouse Annex in Louisville, Kentucky was designed by Kenneth McDonald, Sr. and built in 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The Jefferson County Courthouse was previously listed, in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19729825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729825" title="1955–56 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1955–56 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1955. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlited in yellow, local programming is white.

</doc>
<doc id="19729826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729826" title="Faster (George Harrison song)">
Faster (George Harrison song)

"Faster" is the third single from George Harrison's 1979 eponymous album "George Harrison". "Faster" begins the second side of the LP, and is the sixth track on the CD. It was released as the third single of the album but was not issued as a 45 in the USA.
History.
During 1977 Harrison went to a lot of Formula One races instead of writing any songs.
Harrison had been talking to Niki Lauda after the Watkins Glen Race, and became inspired to write a song "that Niki-Jody-Emerson and the gang could enjoy". Harrison got the title of the song from Jackie Stewart's book, and then wrote the chorus. He wrote the rest of the song in a way that did not limit it to only motor cars, the only car-related word being "machinery". However, when sound effects from the 1978 British Grand Prix were added to the song, it was clearly associated to motor cars.
Harrison later stated that
The song was dedicated to "the Entire Formula One Circus" and in memory of Ronnie Peterson. The single was released by Harrison to assist the fundraising for the "Gunnar Nilsson Cancer Fund", a fund started after the death of the Swedish driver Gunnar Nilsson in 1978, caused by cancer. The single however failed to chart.
Allmusic critic Lindsay Planer praise the acoustic and electric guitar playing on "Faster," describing the song as an "upbeat and driving" rocker.

</doc>
<doc id="19729834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729834" title="Henry Compton (actor)">
Henry Compton (actor)

Henry Compton (real name Charles Mackenzie) (22 March 1805 – 15 September 1877) was an English actor best known for his Shakespearean comic roles.
Biography.
Compton was born in Huntingdon. His parents were John Mackenzie and his wife, formerly Mrs Elizabeth Symonds, and he was the sixth of eleven children. Through both parents, Compton was related to members of the medical profession. After being educated at Huntingdon and at a boarding school at Little Baddow in Essex, Compton was apprenticed to his mother's brother, who was a cloth merchant in Aldermanbury, near London. Compton was unhappy with a life in trade and, desiring instead a life on the stage, ran away twice but was returned to his family each time. However, after running away for a third time in 1826, his family finally accepted his wish to become an actor. He took his grandmother's maiden name, Compton, as his stage name.
Early career.
Compton's first professional appearances were in Shakespeare plays in the provinces. He then began to specialize in low comedy roles in touring companies, where he played for over a decade. He first appeared in London at the Theatre Royal Lyceum and English Opera House in 1837, as Robin in the musical farce "The Waterman". After several further roles there, he joined the company at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in 1838, again playing in Shakespeare. Roles that followed included Tony Lumpkin, Gnatbrain in Douglas William Jerrold's "Black-Eyed Susan", Silky in Thomas Holcroft's "The Road to Ruin", Bailie Nicol Jarvie, Mawworm in Isaac Bickerstaff's "The Hypocrite", Marrall in Philip Massinger's "A New Way to Pay Old Debts", and Dr Ollapod in George Colman's "The Poor Gentleman".
By the early 1840s, Compton had earned the reputation of being the best Shakespearian clown of his age. He continued in seasons at Dublin, Ireland, at Drury Lane (playing Polonius, Sir Peter Teazle in "The School for Scandal", Launcelot Gobbo in "The Merchant of Venice", and Foresight in William Congreve's "Love for Love"), at Manchester and elsewhere. At the Princess's Theatre, London, where he performed for three years, he famously played Touchstone in Shakespeare's "As You Like It" in 1844. He was then at the Olympic Theatre, where he also remained three years. After the Olympic burned down, he moved to the Royal Strand Theatre. In 1853 he joined the company of John Baldwin Buckstone at the Haymarket Theatre, where he originated the role of Blenkinsop in "An Unequal Match" by Tom Taylor, Sir Solomon Frazer in Taylor's "The Overland Route", De Vaudray in "A Hero of Romance" by Westland Marston, and Captain Mountraffe in "Home" by T. W. Robertson. He also played Mr. Cox in revivals of "Box and Cox" by John Maddison Morton with such success that W. S. Gilbert later wrote, "Mr. Morton's dialogue can only be properly given by Messrs. Buckstone and Compton, and in the mouths of any other actors it is, to those who have seen Messrs. Buckstone and Compton in the parts (and who has not?) a bore."
In 1848, Compton married actress Emmeline Catherine Montague (d. 1911). She had been a model for Daniel Maclise's paintings of Shakespearian scenes.
Later years.
In 1870, he was back at the Olympic in Taylor's "Handsome is that Handsome Does", and in 1871 was in "Partners for Life" by H. J. Byron at the old Globe Theatre, where he performed in many plays thereafter. Compton's last role was in 1877 at the Prince of Wales's Theatre in Liverpool as Mawworm in "The Hypocrite" and Pangloss in George Colman's "The Heir-at-Law". One of his most famous roles was as the Gravedigger in "Hamlet", which he played often in his career, including at the Lyceum Theatre with Henry Irving in 1875, his last London appearance. Compton was described as "an actor perfectly original in his style, and possessing a fund of dry, quiet humour that never failed to minister to the amusement of the playing public."
When Compton became ill with cancer and was unable to work to support his family, his friends organised two benefit performances for him. The first was held at Drury Lane on 1 March 1877. This performance included scenes from "Othello"; Bulwer Lytton's comedy "Money", featuring Compton's son, Edward Compton; Sheridan's "The Critic" with Charles Mathews as Mr. Puff; Morton's "Lend me Five Shillings"; Macklin's "Man of World"; and "Trial by Jury". Henry Irving, Joseph Jefferson, Squire Bancroft, Ellen Terry, J. L. Toole, Nellie Farren and many other leading stars took part. In "Trial by Jury", conducted by Arthur Sullivan, W. S. Gilbert appeared as the Associate, Pauline Rita was the Plaintiff, W. H. Cummings was the Defendant and Arthur Cecil was the Usher. The chorus comprised leading stars such as W. S. Penley, George Grossmith, Kate Bishop and Marion Terry. The benefit realised over £3250, a large sum by the standards of the day. The second benefit, which was held at Manchester on 27 March 1877, was nearly as successful.
Compton was the father of the actors Charles and Edward Compton, and the grandfather of actress Fay Compton. and the novelist Compton Mackenzie.
Compton died in 1877 after a long struggle with cancer at the age of 72 in Kensington, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19729851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729851" title="Almogrote">
Almogrote

Almogrote is a soft paste made from hard cheese, peppers, olive oil, garlic, and other ingredients, which is typically eaten spread on toast. It is native to La Gomera in the Canary Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19729860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729860" title="Charles Mackenzie">
Charles Mackenzie

Charles Mackenzie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19729862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729862" title="Preparation theorem">
Preparation theorem

Preparation theorem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19729863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729863" title="Erik Overbye">
Erik Overbye

Erik Overbye (born 6 December 1934) is a Danish film producer. He produced 15 films between 1961 and 1981. He also directed the 1961 Danish film "Komtessen".
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19729864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729864" title="1956–57 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1956–57 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1956. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlited in yellow, local programming is white.

</doc>
<doc id="19729866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729866" title="Cuyo Airport">
Cuyo Airport

Cuyo Airport is an airport serving the municipalities of Magsaysay, Cuyo, and Agutaya. It is located within the boundaries of Barangay Lucbuan and Emilod in the town of Magsaysay in the main island of Cuyo Island. It is one of several airports in Palawan, the other being Puerto Princesa Airport, Cesar Lim Rodriguez Airport, El Nido Airport and Francisco Reyes Airport in the municipality of Busuanga. It is classified as a feeder airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports.
Scheduled commercial service was provided by South East Asian Airlines. As per a timetable effective through 15 June 2008, the airline provided two flights a week on LET 410 aircraft: on Mondays flight DG742 departed from Puerto Princesa with stops at Cuyo, Boracay and Manila; on Fridays flight DG745 departed from Manila with stops at Boracay, Cuyo and Puerto Princesa. However, as per the airline's website and current route map, it no longer provides service to Cuyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19729882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729882" title="1957–58 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1957–58 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1957. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlited in yellow, local programming is white.

</doc>
<doc id="19729889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729889" title="1958–59 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1958–59 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1958. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlited in yellow, local programming is white.

</doc>
<doc id="19729900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729900" title="1959–60 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1959–60 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1959. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlited in yellow, local programming is white.

</doc>
<doc id="19729902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729902" title="Shinji Station">
Shinji Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="19729915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729915" title="Folksgrupe">
Folksgrupe

Folksgrupe (, 'People's Group' in English) was a Jewish Anti-Zionist political organization in Russia, founded at a meeting in Vilna in March 1905. The organization proclaimed to work for establishing 'civil, political and national rights for the Jewish People in Russia'. The full name of the organization was the League for the Attainment of Full Rights for the Jewish People in Russia. Its followers were known as "Dostizhentsi" (from Достижение, "dostizheniye", 'attainment').
Led by three prominent lawyers, Maxim Vinaver, Oscar Gruzenberg and Henrik Sliozberg, it assembled liberal elements from the Cadet Party. The party demanded equal civic rights, abolishing laws imposing restrictions on Jews, linguistic rights (the right have access to Yiddish and Hebrew schooling) and independence of religious institutions. It did however not advocate national automony for the Jews.
The central bureau of the group was located in Saint Petersburg. Half of the bureau was based in the city and the other half was based in the provinces.
Zionists and the Folkspartei leader Simon Dubnow came to accuse the group of favouring assilimation. Dubnow had belonged to the group at its initial stage, and formed part of its central bureau. The party was however able to find common ground and some cooperation with the Bund, in their opposition to Zionism.
The group played a prominent rule in the Provisional Government. In the 1917 election, the group received around 1% of the Jewish votes.

</doc>
<doc id="19729916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729916" title="1960–61 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1960–61 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1960. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlited in yellow, local programming is white.

</doc>
<doc id="19729927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729927" title="Lone Hertz">
Lone Hertz

Lone Hertz (born 23 April 1939) is a Danish film actress. She has appeared in 40 films since 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="19729928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729928" title="1961–62 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1961–62 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1961. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlited in yellow, local programming is white.
Spring 1962.
Note: After Jack Paar's departure on March 29, 1962, guest hosts filled in on The Tonight Show until Johnny Carson's ABC contract ended in September, then he took over as permanent host.

</doc>
<doc id="19729937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729937" title="BS-1 Tishina">
BS-1 Tishina

The BS-1 Tishina ("БС-1 "Тишина"") is a silenced Soviet 30mm grenade launcher. It is developed specifically for the AKS-74U carbine. It uses a bolt-action mechanism to load blanks into the chamber along with the 30mm grenade VOG-T ("ВОГ-Т"). Pulling the trigger ignites the blank which in turn ignites the charge on the grenade causing the grenade to be expelled from the barrel.

</doc>
<doc id="19729939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729939" title="Clayton Historic District (Clayton, New York)">
Clayton Historic District (Clayton, New York)

Clayton Historic District is a historic district in Clayton, New York. It was originally listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985, and later its boundaries were increased in 1997. 
It includes the Capt. Simon Johnston House, which is separately listed on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19729942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729942" title="1962–63 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1962–63 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1962. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlited in yellow, local programming is white.
Fall 1962.
Johnny Carson becomes host of The Tonight Show on October 1, 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19729952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729952" title="1963–64 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1963–64 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1963. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
Talk shows are highlited in yellow, local programming is white.

</doc>
<doc id="19729967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729967" title="Exponerad">
Exponerad

Exponerad ("Exposed") is a 1971 Swedish sexploitation film directed by Gustav Wiklund and starring Christina Lindberg. In the U.S., 15 minutes were edited out of the film, and marketed under the titles "Diary of a Rape." and "The Depraved", although the advertising for "The Depraved" stated that it was being presented without a single cut. The English-language versions now available use the translation of the original title, "Exposed."
Story.
As we learn through flashbacks, twenty-year-old Lena Svensson had taken up with an older man who photographed her in the nude and pressured her into taking part in orgies. As the story opens, she has broken things off with the older man and now has a nice, age-appropriate boyfriend. Unfortunately, the older man reappears and threatens to blackmail her with the nude photos. Aware that she will never be free of him, she devises an ingenious method for ridding herself of his threats and simultaneously exacting her revenge.
Credits.
Director: Gustav Wiklund; lead: Christina Lindberg; genre: crime; edited in 1971; country: Sweden; language: Swedish; in colour.

</doc>
<doc id="19729970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729970" title="Fremantle Journal and General Advertiser">
Fremantle Journal and General Advertiser

The Fremantle Journal and General Advertiser was the first newspaper ever published in Western Australia. It was edited and published by James A. Gardner, with the first issues appearing less than a year after the establishment of the Swan River Colony in 1829. As there was not yet a printing press in the colony, each issue was handwritten. Only a single copy of a single issue survives. Held by the Battye Library in Perth, Western Australia, it is copy number 5 of the first issue, that of 27 February 1830. It consists of a single sheet, printed on both sides and folded in half, thus yielding four pages; it sold for one shilling and sixpence. It is not known when publication ceased, except that it had certainly concluded by the time Gardner left the colony in September that year.
In addition, three issues survive of a manuscript newspaper published by Gardner under the title Western Australia Gazette and General Advertiser. It is unknown whether this is a different newspaper or the same newspaper under a new name. The three extant issues are held by the State Library of New South Wales, and are dated 4 April 1830, 1 June 1830 and 13 June 1830. They are larger, and sold for three shillings and sixpence.
The publication of the "Fremantle Journal and General Advertiser" was widely recognised as an important, albeit modest, step in the progress of the colony. The "Sydney Gazette" published a number of extracts from it, prefacing them with the comment It was even noticed by "The Mirror of Literature, Amusement, and Instruction", a London anthology.

</doc>
<doc id="19729978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729978" title="Talent (comics)">
Talent (comics)

Talent is a comic book series written by Christopher Golden and Tom Sniegoski, drawn by Paul Azaceta, published by Boom! Studios.
Plot.
A college professor, Nicholas Dane is the only survivor of flight 654, a plane that crashes into the sea and kills the crew and 148 other passengers. Unable to account for how he was able to survive underwater for 12 hours, he is suspected of involvement in the incident. Fleeing as a fugitive, Dane find that he now possesses the talents of the other passengers and crew and must evade members of a shadowy conspiracy out to get him.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected as a trade paperback:
Film.
The film has been optioned by Universal Studios via producers Marc E. Platt, Ross Richie and Andrew Crosby (the latter two being BOOM! Studios' cofounders). The screenplay will be adapted by Zack Whedon, brother to Joss Whedon. No director has been attached yet.

</doc>
<doc id="19729994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19729994" title="Bob Delyn a'r Ebillion">
Bob Delyn a'r Ebillion

Bob Delyn a'r Ebillion are a folk-rock group from Wales, singing both in Welsh and Breton.
Fronted by the Prifardd Twm Morys, Bob Delyn a'r Ebillion played a major part in the Welsh folk revival of the early 1990s. Their music combines reggae and rock influences with more traditional Welsh folk and roots music; in many ways they were revolutionary within the Welsh-language music scene in doing this.

</doc>
<doc id="19730001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730001" title="Travancore royal family">
Travancore royal family

The Travancore Royal Family is a Chera dynasty that ruled over the Indian princely state of Travancore until 1947. The family descended from the Venad line of the Chera kings and holds the dignity of being Samantha Kshatriya.
The Royal family is alternatively known as the Kupaka Swaroopam, Thripappur Swaroopam, Venad Swaroopam, Vanchi Swaroopam etc. It has its seat today at Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala, India. The last ruling Maharajah was Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma and Sethu Lakshmi Bayi was the last regent Maharani of Travancore. Sree Uthradom Thirunal Marthanda Varma, heir of Maharajah Sree Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma, died at a private hospital in the early hours on 16 December 2013. He was the younger brother of the last ruling monarch of the Kingdom of Travancore, Maharajah Chitra Thirunal Rama Varma. He was succeeded by Moolam Thirunal Rama Varma, son of Maharani Karthika Thirunal Lakshmi Bayi and Lt. Col. Godavarma Raja.
Recorded history of the dynasty.
According to one existing version, the founding members of the Travancore royal family are said to have come to Kerala, from the banks of the Narmada river. Another belief is that Parashurama himself crowned the first official ruler in the dynasty. Officially, their lineage can be traced definitively to at least 820 C.E, which is based on the claim of descent from the Later Cheras of the three southern Indian "Mandala" Kingdoms namely "Chera Mandalam", "Pandya Mandalam" and "Chola Mandalam". According to another legend, a branch of the Chera family was sent to the extreme north of the then Kerala, where they settled and came to be known as the "Mooshika" Royal family, or the later Kolathiris, while another branch was deputed to go south to grapple with the Pandyan invasions.
One of the two branches of the Chera dynasty shifted to Venad/Quilon where it merged with the Ay kingdom. Ravi Varma Kulasekhara was the last rulers of this Chera Ay dynasty. Ravi Varma Kulasekara described himself as Ay as well as Komaravarmaan as his mother was a Pandya princess. Numerous places are named after this Tamil Cherai dynasty. Ravi Varma Kulasekhara (1299-1314) invaded the territories of the Pandyas and Cholas and performed imperial coronations at Madurai and Kanchipuram and thus threw of the Pandyan hegemony in the region. However his success was short lived and after him his successors could not hold on to these acquisitions of the Pandyas and Cholas. After 1310 the last Chera-Ay King Veera Udaya Marthandavarma was forced to abdicate in favour of the princesses sent from the Kolathiri kingdom called Attingal and Kunnumel Ranis. But they adopted the titles of Chera-Ay rulers. The line of kings after Ravi Varma continued through the Marumakkathayam law of matrilineal succession of Nairs, from whom most of the royal house hold of Kerala comes. Soon after Ravi Varma's death two princesses were adopted from the Kolathiri Royal family and installed as Ranis or Queens at Attingal. The Venad Royal family continued thus in the female line. Whenever there were no females to take forth the line, princesses were adopted from the Kolathiri family, the latest adoption being in 1994. Umayamma Rani who reigned towards the end of the 17th century was a prominent ruler. Marthanda Varma, the "maker of modern Travancore" and Dharma Raja were powerful rulers who re-established the power of monarchy in the state and destroyed that of the nobles. By the early 19th century the kingdom became a princely state under the British. Swathi Thirunal was one of the most popular rulers of the 19th century. The reign of Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma brought about revolutionary reforms like the Temple Entry Proclamation, free education for all etc. and Travancore had become one of the most prosperous Princely States in the British Empire. The British government accorded the Maharajah of Travancore a high 19 gun salute, whereas for all temple festivals, the highest salute of 21 guns was fired.
Sree Padmanabhadasas.
The Travancore royal family style themselves as "Sree Padmanabhadasas" or Slaves of Padmanabha an epithet of Hindu God Vishnu since 1750 when Maharajah Anizham Thirunal Veerabaala Marthanda Varma made over the state to the deity of the Sri Padmanabhaswamy Temple and vowed that from that that day on, the royal family would rule the state on behalf of Him. This important donation of the Kingdom to the Temple was known as "Thripadidanam". It is erroneously believed that use of the title "Sree Padmanabhadasa" before royal male members' names came into being after Thrippadidaanam, but this title was in use even in 16th century. During the first birthday ceremony of Maharajah Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma(Dharmaraja) in 1725, he is referred to as "Sree Padmanabhadasa" which was much before the Thrippadidaanam(1750) by Maharajah Anizham Thirunal Veerabaala Marthanda Varma. The title of "Sree Padmanabhadasa" is prefixed to the name of every Travancore King while females call themselves "Padmanabha Sevinis". In order to get the eligibility for attaining the title of "Sree Padmanabhadasa", certain rituals must be completed. On the first birthday of every royal male members would be put on the 'Ottakkalmandapam' of the Sree Padmanabhaswami Temple and holy water from the temple will be sprinkled on the baby and only after completion of this ceremony, the royal child is proclaimed as "Sree Padmanabhadasa". This ritual is called 'Adimayidal'. The female memebers also have a ritual called 'Padiyettam' which is conducted only after their 'Pallikettu' Only those members who complete these ceremonies are allowed in the temple affairs and are also provided respect associated with temple after their death. 
Adoption.
The first adoption to the Travancore Royal Family was in the early 14th century from the Kolathiri family because the Kolathiris are the first one to get kshtriyahood after conducting " 16 Mahadanas" during 13th century. Since then the senior most females of the family are styled as the Ranis of Attingal with the titles of "Attingal Mootha Thampuran" (Senior Rani of Attingal) and "Attingal Elaya Thampuran" (Junior Rani of Attingal). This adoption resulted by the late 17th century in the branching of the Royal family into four families namely the branch at Trivandrum, another at Kottarakara known as "Elayadathu" Swaroopam, the "Peraka Thavazhi" branch of Nedumangad and the Quilon branch. The later two branches died out into the 18th century whereas the last Rani of Kottarakara fled after battle with Marthanda Varma. In 1630 two males were adopted from the Cochin Royal Family sowing the seed of dissension between the branches of the Royal family. Later in 1684 one male and two females were adopted from the Kolathiri family, from which family all subsequent adoptions were made, by Umayamma Rani. In 1688 two males, including
Rajah Rama Varma, and 2 females were adopted and the famous Travancore King Anizham Thirunal Marthanda Varma was born to one of these princesses. In 1718 a princess was adopted, whose son was the later King Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma Dharma Raja and whose great grandson was the poet Irayimman Thampi . In 1748 again four princesses were adopted and Balarama Varma (1798–1810) belonged to this line. The next adoption of 1788 brought forth the famous Maharanis, Gowri Lakshmi Bayi and Gowri Parvati Bayi and all the male rulers up to 1924, the last ruler in this line being Maharajah Moolam Thirunal. In 1857 two princesses, including Rani Lakshmi Bayi, were adopted from a branch of the Kolathiri family residing at Mavelikara since the 1790s, but by 1901 both these princesses and all their issue died. In 1900 again two princesses were adopted from Mavelikara, granddaughters of Raja Ravi Varma, Sethu Lakshmi Bayi and Sethu Parvathi Bayi who gave birth to the last ruling monarch of Travancore, Sree Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma . The latest adoption occurred in 1994 by Princess Aswathi Thirunal Gowri Lakshmi Bayi who adopted a princess named Lekha Parvathi Bayi.
Marriage and other customs.
The marriages of the princesses are known as "Pallikettu"s while those of the Maharajahs are known as the ceremony of bestowing the "Pattum Parivattavum". The form of marriage is Sambandham and the consorts of the princesses are from certain select families of Koyi Thampurans whereas the consorts of the Maharajahs belong to four houses known as Ammaveedus. The spouses of the princesses and Maharajahs are not considered members of the royal house owing to the prevalent Marumakkathayam law. However they received many royal dignities and privileges owing to their position as consorts. Sri Padmanabhaswamy is the chief family deity.
Cessation of the practice of mahādanams.
The Maharajas of Travancore had been conditionally promoted to Kshatriyahood from Samantha Nair with periodic performance of 16 mahādānams (great gifts in charity) such as Hiranya-garbhā, Hiranya-Kāmdhenu, Hiranyāswaratā, and Tulāpurushadānam in which each of which thousands of Brahmins had been given costly gifts apart from each getting a minimum of 1 kazhanch (78.65 gms) of gold. The Nambudiri Brahmins had stipulated that Rajas of Travancore could retain their dignity of Nair Sāmanta permanently but the Kshatriyhood conferred on them by the yāgās and mahādanams would be valid only for 6 years and thus the latter purchased kshatriyhood at a heavy recurring cost. During 1848, Lord Dalhousie the then Governor General of British India who was also an eager annexationist was appraised that the depressed condition of the finances in Travancore was owing to mal-administration and practices of treasury by the ruling elite. Dalhousie instructed Lord Harris Governor of Madras, warn the Rāja under the ninth article of the treaty of 1805. On 21 November 1855, Harris dispatched a strongly worded communication to the then Rāja of Travancore "alias" Martanda varma (Uttram Tirunal 1847–1860 A.D) that if he did not put a stop to his periodic re-incarnation as Kshatriya, his state administration would be taken over by the Madras government. This led to the cessation of the practice of mahādanams and the Rājas of Travancore were unable to purchase their Kshatriyahood further and hence Sāmanthan by dignity presently.
Palaces.
The Padmanabhapuram Palace was the main residence of the Travancore Maharajahs whereas the Ranis of Attingal resided at that place in their own palaces. Later the royal family moved to Trivandrum wherein the females resided at the Sree Padam Palace. Presently the Royal family members live at Kowdiar Palace in Trivandrum and at Chennai, Bangalore etc. Some members are also settled abroad in the United States of America, Australia, South Africa etc.
The Royal Family Members.
The Royal family at present consists of the descendants of the two princesses adopted in 1900 from the Mavelikara royal family, Sethu Lakshmi Bayi and Sethu Parvathi Bayi. Sethu Lakshmi Bayi was the last regent Maharani of Travancore. The eldest son of Sethu Parvathi Bayi was the last King Of Travancore, Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma, who signed the instrument of accession and amalgamated the state into India in 1949. The Royal family consists, in the line of Sethu Parvati Bayi, the last Maharajah Sree Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma (unmarried), his brother Uthradom Thirunal Marthanda Varma, and of their late sister Princess Karthika Thirunal Lakshmi Bayi (married to Col. Godavarma Raja/G. V. Raja of the Poonjar Royal Family). Princess Karthika Thirunal and Col. Godavarma Raja had two daughters (Pooyam Tirunal and Ashwati Tirunal) and two sons (Avittam Tirunal(died at the age of six) and Moolam Tirunal) (current Head of the Royal Family and Titular Maharajah) and Sethu Lakshmi Bayi (regent) two daughters, Princesses Uthram Thirunal Lalithamba Bayi and Karthika Thirunal Indira Bayi and their families. Uthradom Thirunal Marthanda Varma married Shrimati Radha Devi "Panampillai Amma Kochamma" (the daughter of Lieutenant-Colonel Krishnan Gopinath Pandalai, MB, CM, FRCS, LRCP, Madras), and has a son, Anantha Padmanabhan Thampi and a daughter, Parvathi Devi Thankachi. He used to reside at Pattom Palace, Trivandrum till his death in 16 December 2013. Presently the senior most female in the Royal Family with the title of "Attingal Mootha Thampuran" is Karthika Thirunal Indira Bayi. She resides in Chennai.
The current head of Travancore Royal family is Sree Padmanabhadasa Sree Moolam Thirunal Rama Varma, born on 12 June 1949 at Kowdiar Palace, as the youngest son of Maharani Karthika Thirunal Lakshmi Bayi by her husband, Lieutenant-Colonel P.R. Godavarma Raja/G. V. Raja of Poonjar Palace. He became the Heir Apparent with the title of Elaya Rajah on 20 July 1991, after the death of Sree Padmanabhadasa Sree Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma. He is a Physics graduate from Mar Evanios College and also studied business management in London. After his education, he joined Aspinwall and Co Ltd in Mangalore 1971, and served as a consultant and in various executive positions, Additional Director 2004-2005, Director of Planning 2005-2007, Executive Director Aspinwall & Co (Travancore) Ltd since 2005, Member of Aspinwall Promoter Group since 2005, Managing Director of Aspinwall and Co Ltd in Mangalore since 2008. He married Shrimati Dr. Girija Devi "Panapillai Amma Kochamma" and is issueless. Princess Pooyam Thirunal Gowri Parvathi Bayi is married to Sri Chembrol Raja Raja Varma and has two children, a son and a daughter, Prince Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma and Princess Thiruvathira Thirunal Lakshmi Bayi. Princess Aswathi Thirunal Gowri Lakshmi Bayi was married to Late Sri Sukumaran Raja Raja Varma (died from injuries after a car accident, at the Ochira District Hospital, Kerala, 30 December 2005) and has three children, two sons and one adopted daughter, Prince Pooruruttathi Thirunal Marthanda Varma, Prince Avittom Thirunal Aditya Varma, and Princess Bharani Thirunal Lekha Parvathi Bayi. Prince Pooruruttathi Thirunal Marthanda Varma married Kalaimamani Srimathi Gopika "Panampillai Amma Kochamma" alias Gopikavarma, the famous Mohiniyattam dancer as well as Director of Dasya Dance School, Member Advisory Board of the Ability Foundation in Chennai etc. They have a son, Sri Vishnu Thampi. Prince Avittom Thirunal Aditya Varma married Srimathi Reshmi Thamburatty of Mariapalli Palace, Kottayam. They have twin daughters, Gowri Varma and Prabha Varma. Princess Bharani Thirunal Lekha Parvathi Bayi was adopted by Princess Aswathi Thirunal Gowri Lakshmi Bayi in 1996. She married Anup Kumar Varma and has a daughter Princess Swathi Thirunal. 
The Constitutional Amendment of 1971 terminated the status of the Maharajahs of the erstwhile princely states as rulers and abolished their rights to receive privy purses. However the other clauses of the agreements signed between the Government of India and the Princes in 1947 legally still hold. The Royal Family of Travancore has no administrative authority since 1971. Till 1956 Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma served as "Rajpramukh" of Thiru-Kochi. Later in 1971 while the family lost their privy purse and other privileges, the rights of the family in the Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple were respected and the head of the family, Sree Padmanabhadasa Sree Moolam Thirunal Rama Varma, fulfills his duty towards the temple as the Maharajah of Travancore and as the Supreme Guardian or Custodian of Sree Padmanabhaswami Temple, Trivandrum. The allowances of all the family members born prior to 1949 are also still paid by the Government of Kerala. 
Some prominent members of the Travancore royal family today include writers, Gowri Lakshmi Bayi (Princess Ashwathy Thirunal), Shreekumar Varma (Prince Punardam Thirunal), and ,Dr. Lakshmi Raghunandan (Princess Makham Thirunal) artists , Rukmini Varma (Princess Bharani Thirunal) and her son Jayagopal Varma, musician Aswathi Thirunal Rama Varma, a disciple of Vechoor Harihara Subramania Iyer and Dr. Mangalampalli Balamuralikrishna, Yathi Verma and the famous Mohiniyattam dancer Gopika "Panampillai Amma Kochamma" alias Gopikavarma. After the Constitutional Amendment of 1971, the royal family and its properties and estates were partitioned and divided into two equal halves among the branches of HH Maharani Sethu Lakshmi Bayi and HH Maharani Sethu Parvathi Bayi. However certain legal disputes with regard to the same continued among family members until as late as 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19730005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730005" title="Concatedral de San Nicolás el Magno">
Concatedral de San Nicolás el Magno

The Catedral San Nicolás el Magno is a Roman Catholic co-cathedral, located in the municipality of Rionegro, Antioquia, Colombia. The church, under the Diocese of Sonsón-Rionegro is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and was elevated to the title of cathedral on 20 April 1968 by Pope Paul I.
History.
The first church dates from between 1662 and 1668, and it became a center of evangelisation for the first priests and missionaries arriving from Europe. 125 years later, on March 8 of 1793, the then bishop of Popayán, Ángel Velarde y Bustamante, made a pastoral visit to the church, and was affected by what he saw as evil spirits in the church. Obtaining consent, he saw that the old temple was demolished and asked for administrative and communal funding and support to erect a new church in its place. The bishops Jose Pablo de Villa and Jose Felix de Mejía would be in charge to administer these resources, in addition to the directing and handling the work of the new parochial church.
The old church was demolished in the same year (1793), and the church commenced construction, with walls made of limestone and brick and later reinforced with mud. The style of the church was heavily influenced by the Iglesia de la Candelaria that had been built in Medellín twenty years earlier. Chief construction official was Antonio de Orozco, and the painter, Jose Pablo Chávez, a native of Cali and resident of Santa Fe de Antioquia was brought in to paint the lower part of the balconies depicting a ship and skies. In December 1803 the Father's Jose Pablo de Villa and Mateo Cardona began to celebrate in the new church, not yet finished, and finally on 8 September 1804, with a solemn inauguration, the church was officially opened.
On 21 March 1812, a treaty was signed and proclaimed in the church for the Constitution of the Free and Independent Sovereign State of Antioquia from colonial rule, in which 19 representatives of the towns of Antioquia participated. The independence was proclaimed in the pulpit of the church by the Bishop Jose Felix de Mejía, who was incidentally an uncle of the ex-president Liborio Mejía. On April 7, 1814, the funeral and subsequent burial of the dictator President of Colombia Juan del Corral took place.
In 1892, the first substantial modification of interior and exterior occurred where the altarpieces of and clock dating from 1837 were altered. A meeting held on 30 December 1890, had decided that the two lateral towers of the main facade of the church, that originally had been made from wood were on the verge of sinking and needed immediate repair. The diocese set a budget of 1,500 pesos to conduct restoration work, but the total cost far exceeded this at 2,801 pesos.
In 1926 a second structual change took place, when the Colombian architect Tomás Uribe and the Belgian architect Agustín Goovaerts, were hired to modify the original gothicstyle one and redesign the main facade in a neoclassic style. Completed in 1940, this design of the cathedral remains today. Later, in 1954, a silver lining of the table of the altar was inducted by silversmith Carlos Minami after a donation. In 1957, the central altar was altered, replacing its old oil paintings with the present gilded one laminated in gold, and reconstructions of the altar structure with plaster reproductions.
On March 18 of 1957, the Diocese of Sonsón was created by means of the “In Apostolici Muneris” of Pope Pius XII, dismantling the territory of the Archdiocese of Medellín, and creating the parish of San Nicholas of Rionegro within this new territory.
On February 8 of 1959, the Coronation of Nuestra Señora del Rosario de Arma conducted by Archbishop Paolo Bertoli, took place in the presence of the civilian authorities, military, ecclesiastical clergy and the public, which occupied the main square of Rionegro on the day. 
Between the years of 1963 and 1965, the Catedral de San Nicolás the niches of the ships on the altar underwent change and were modernised from the original gothic style. After this Samuel Alvarez B. was appointed to the task of reconstructing and extending the cathedral laterally, affecting the mausoleum of dictator Juan de Corral (buried in 1814). With architect Nel Rodríguez, the construction of a new parochial hall and side buildings took place in the 1970s, with works concluded in 1977. 
On April 20 of 1968, the church was elevated to that of a Co-cathedral, proclaimed by Pope Paul I and has since evolved to become a part of the "Diocese of Sonsón-Rionegro".

</doc>
<doc id="19730010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730010" title="Richland Parish School Board">
Richland Parish School Board

The Richland Parish School Board is an entity responsible for the operation of public schools in Richland Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is headquartered in the town of Rayville.

</doc>
<doc id="19730058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730058" title="Anthony W. Dutrow">
Anthony W. Dutrow

Anthony W. "Tony" Dutrow (born April 27, 1958 in Hagerstown, Maryland) is an American horse trainer in Thoroughbred horse racing.
The eldest of three brothers involved in Thoroughbred racing, he is the son of the late well-known Maryland trainer Richard E. Dutrow, Sr. A brother to trainer Rick Dutrow, the youngest brother Chip works as Tony's assistant.
Tony Dutrow grew up in the racing business and as a boy helped out at his father's barn. Having learned to condition horses, he took out his training license and earned his first win in 1975 at Delaware Park Racetrack. He worked with his father for several years then beginning in 1985 with trainer Bobby Frankel in California until going out on his own in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19730082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730082" title="Fawn Story">
Fawn Story

Fawn Story is a 1975 episode of the ABC Afterschool Special, directed by Larry Elikann.
Plot.
Farmer John McPhail allows his children Jenna and Toby to nurse a wounded deer. They plan on releasing the animal after it's healed. However, something unexpected happens and it even attracts attention from the media.

</doc>
<doc id="19730085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730085" title="Snooker at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Snooker at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Snooker at the 1984 Summer Paralympics consisted of two events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19730105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730105" title="Pelosia muscerda">
Pelosia muscerda

The Dotted Footman "(Pelosia muscerda)" is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 24–28 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Lichen and Algae.

</doc>
<doc id="19730107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730107" title="H. Gustave Hiller">
H. Gustave Hiller

Henry Gustave Hiller (1865–1946) was an artist based in Liverpool, England. He studied at the Manchester School of Art and is mainly known as a designer of painted gesso reliefs and stained glass.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19730115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730115" title="Ichinami Station">
Ichinami Station

Layout.
The station has one side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19730119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730119" title="515th Air Mobility Operations Wing">
515th Air Mobility Operations Wing

The 515th Air Mobility Operations Wing (515 AMOW) is part of Air Mobility Command and is stationed at Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii. It was activated in 2008. It coordinates logistical air movements into, out of, and throughout the Pacific. It is part of the 15th Expeditionary Mobility Task Force.
Units.
The 515th Air Mobility Operations Wing is composed of two groups:
References.
Notes.
Mission Statement:
"Provide agile en route capability to accelerate global air mobility for the warfighter throughout the Pacific"

</doc>
<doc id="19730135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730135" title="Club Wild">
Club Wild

Club Wild began in 1998 in Melbourne, Victoria as Australia's first "disability friendly" cabaret club. The director of the club is Melbourne musician Phil Heuzenroeder.
The club is run by and for the disabled and institutionalised stages dance parties and music concerts in Melbourne and in country Victorian towns such as Colac, Bendigo, Bairnsdale and Wodonga. It was started in 1998 by a joint venture of the "Big Bag Band", "Arts Access" and "Community Music Victoria" under the auspices of Geelong's St Laurence Community Services.
Club Wild is based at North Melbourne Town Hall and runs regular workshops for people of all ages with all kinds of disabilities, including those who live in institutions because of disabilities to participate in all aspects of running and performing in the dance parties, all of which show them how much they care.
The Club has also produced dance party events for "International Day of People With A Disability" at the Sydney Opera House in 2004 and 2005.
Awards.
Club Wild was awarded a "Celebrating Melbourne Award" in 2004 by the City of Melbourne for "its achievements in making life in the City more accessible."

</doc>
<doc id="19730137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730137" title="Wellington Bay">
Wellington Bay

Wellington Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located in Dease Strait, off southern Victoria Island. It is northwest of the community of Cambridge Bay.
It is one of several Canadian landforms named in honor of Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington.
Geography.
There are several small islands within the bay. Several rivers flow into it including the Ekalluk River, Halovik River, Lauchlan River, and Paliryuak River.
Fauna.
Commercialty fishing activities include Arctic char.

</doc>
<doc id="19730141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730141" title="Samuel Barron (1765–1810)">
Samuel Barron (1765–1810)

Samuel Barron (September 25, 1765 – November 10, 1810) was a United States Navy officer. He was an older brother of Commodore James Barron, also a US Navy officer.
Early life.
Samuel Barron was born in Hampton, Virginia, the son of a merchant captain named James Barron who became Commodore of the tiny Virginia State Navy during the American Revolution. Barron studied at William and Mary College, and received his early training at sea from his father. He became a midshipman on the frigate "Dragon" and served in the Virginia State Navy during the latter part of the Revolutionary War. After a number of years as a merchant captain, he joined the fledgling United States Navy.
Military career.
In 1798, Barron was placed in command of the and took part in the Quasi-War with France. During the First Barbary War, he commanded the and relieved Edward Preble near Tripoli. In 1805 he turned over command of his squadron to John Rodgers and returned to the United States due to poor health. He was then assigned command of the Gosport Shipyard in Virginia. His health never fully recovered and Commodore Samuel Barron died in 1810 at the age of 45.
Samuel Barron's son, Samuel Barron (1809–1888), served with distinction in the United States Navy, until he resigned his commission in April 1861 to join the Confederate States Navy during the American Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="19730167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730167" title="Cydia succedana">
Cydia succedana

Cydia succedana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The moth flies from April to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Ulex europaeus", "Genista", "Lotus" and "Cytisus scoparius". The larvae is used as an agent to biologically control gorse in New Zealand. They feed on the seeds of gorse and as a result kill the weed.

</doc>
<doc id="19730179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730179" title="Me &amp; Dad's New Wife">
Me &amp; Dad's New Wife

Me & Dad's New Wife is a 1976 ABC Afterschool Special, directed by Larry Elikann. The film is based upon a Stella Pevsner book, "A Smart Kid Like You".
Synopsis.
12-year-old Nina Beckwith starts junior high at a point when she's still adjusting to her parents' divorce and her father's remarriage. She hasn't really met her father's new wife or the children from her first marriage, who will be living with Nina's dad while she lives with her mom and a college student, Merlaine, who'll be boarding with them. Nina soon finds that she will be dealing with her father's new wife every day: she's her math teacher! Nina's friends dive into helping her get rid of this problem. But will that only make the situation worse...like at home?

</doc>
<doc id="19730181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730181" title="Hoyt Yeatman">
Hoyt Yeatman

Hoyt Yeatman (born January 23, 1955 in San Francisco, California, USA) is an American visual effects artist and supervisor. He has worked with Jerry Bruckheimer on a number of films, including "Armageddon", "Con Air", and "The Rock". He made his directorial debut with the film "G-Force".
Yeatman is an alumnus of the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television.
In 1979 Yeatman, Scott Squires, Rocco Gioffre, Fred Iguchi, Tom Hollister and Bob Hollister co-founded Dream Quest Images, a groundbreaking visual effects house, winning the Academy Award for Visual Effects in 1989 for the motion control and underwater effects in "The Abyss". In 1996 Dream Quest was purchased by The Walt Disney Company, which became Disney's "The Secret Lab" in 1999. The Secret Lab closed its doors in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19730199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730199" title="Dipteridae">
Dipteridae

Dipteridae is an extinct family of prehistoric lungfishes which lived during the Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19730205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730205" title="Table tennis at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Table tennis at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Table tennis at the 1984 Summer Paralympics consisted of 39 events, 24 for men and 15 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19730208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730208" title="Jane Ransom">
Jane Ransom

Jane Reavill Ransom is a prize-winning American novelist and poet.
Biography.
Ransom received her B.A. in Journalism from Indiana University. She holds a Master of Arts in English with a concentration in creative writing, as well as a Master of Arts in Comparative Literature, from New York University.
From 1984–89 she was a "New York Daily News" national/international editor. She was also an editor for the "San Juan Star". In 1990 she held a NYU fellowship in comparative literature, 1988–90. From 1997–2002 she was professor of creative writing at Rutgers and New York University. In 2004 she was distinguished poet in residence at Saint Mary’s College of California.
She wrote a column for "Playboy".
She has lived in Madrid, Paris, Indiana, San Juan (Puerto Rico), Boston and New York City. She currently lives in San Francisco.
She is the granddaughter of poet and critic John Crowe Ransom.
Bibliography.
Fiction
Poetry

</doc>
<doc id="19730239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730239" title="Benelli Kite Young">
Benelli Kite Young

The Benelli Kite Young is a single shot .177 inch calibre pre-charged pneumatic air pistol designed for the 10 m Air Pistol ISSF shooting events. It is especially designed for use by young competitors, and those shooters who regard weight as an issue. The larger version is the Benelli Kite. It is manufactured by Benelli Armi SpA of Italy.
Design details.
Like all air pistols designed for the 10 m Air Pistol event, it has fully adjustable sights, trigger and anatomically shaped grip available in three sizes and for left and right-handed shooters.
The barrel is manufactured by Lothar Walther. Air power is supplied from an under-barrel cylinder, available in three different capacities (compared to four in the Benelli Kite): intermediate (230 shots), medium (180 shots) and short (80 shots).
The Benelli Kite Young features micrometric rear sight adjustment with four settings:
1 click = 1 mm windage (left/right adjustment) at 10 metres.
1 click = 2 mm elevation (up/down adjustment) at 10 metres.
The sight aperture is adjustable by lever and screw.
Performance.
The Benelli Kite and Benelli Kite Young are relatively new in the world of 10 m Air Pistol shooting. However, users have reported a marked improvement in their personal best scores after switching to the Kite.
See also.
Benelli Kite - the full-sized model.

</doc>
<doc id="19730256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730256" title="Jatashankar">
Jatashankar

Jatashankar (also Jata Shankar) is natural cave, a Hindu shrine located north of Pachmarhi, in Hoshangabad district, Madhya Pradesh, India. Cave is located in deep ravine, with enormous boulders perched above. Cave contains stalagmites revered as naturally formed lingams. Cave serves as a shrine to the God Shiva and is popular destination for pilgrims. Jata means hair and Shankar is another name of Lord Shiva. There are two different types of little pond, fed by springs, found in the locality, one of cold water and the other one of hot water.

</doc>
<doc id="19730263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730263" title="SS Nerissa">
SS Nerissa

The SS "Nerissa" was a passenger and cargo steamer which was torpedoed and sunk on 30 April 1941 during World War II by German U-boat "U-552" following 39 wartime voyages between Canada and Britain. She was the only transport carrying Canadian troops to be lost during World War II.
History.
"Nerissa" was the final ship built for the Bowring Brothers' "Red Cross Line" service between New York, Halifax, Nova Scotia, and St. John's, Newfoundland. Due to the arduous winter conditions to be expected on her routes, "Nerissa" was designed with a strengthened hull to cope with ice floes and an icebreaker style sloping stern.
She was built in Port Glasgow by the shipbuilding company William Hamilton & Company Ltd in a remarkably short time; her owners only signed the contract for her construction on 3 November 1925, yet she was launched on 31 March 1926 in time for the 1926 sailing season. After preliminary trials she departed on her maiden voyage to New York on 5 June 1926.
The Red Cross Line relied mainly on American tourist traffic and this was much affected by the Depression, until by 1927 it was decided to abandon the service, and at the end of 1928 the Line along with its three ships "Nerissa", "Rosalind", and "Silvia was sold to Furness Withy.
The ships then became part of the Bermuda & West Indies Steamship Co. Ltd., and the "Nerissa" continued on the New York, Halifax and St. Johns route until 1931 when she was switched to the New York to Bermuda run and also made voyages to Trinidad and Demerara.
Wartime service.
In late 1939 "Nerissa" was modified as an auxiliary transport with accommodation for 250 men and was fitted with a 4 inch gun and a Bofors gun, with gun crews drawn from the Maritime Regiment of the Royal Artillery. Due to her capability to steam at a higher speed than the usual of escorted convoys, "Nerissa" sailed alone, since she was considered capable of outrunning enemy submarines.
On 7 September 1940, she left Liverpool bound for Halifax, with 34 evacuated children under the Children's Overseas Reception Board, their final destination was British Columbia.
By April 1941 "Nerissa" had made 39 wartime crossings of the North Atlantic. Her 40th crossing began on 21 April 1941 at Halifax, Nova Scotia. Carrying 145 Canadian servicemen along with RAF and Royal Norwegian Air Force personnel, Northern Electric technicians, members of the press, and a number of civilians she sailed as part of a Britain bound convoy. At 10:15 she separated from the convoy to make her crossing alone, and arrived at St. John's, Newfoundland on 23 April, where her captain received his Admiralty orders and she sailed for Britain in the evening.
Sinking.
On 30 April she entered the area patrolled by the aircraft of the Royal Navy's Coastal Command. A Lockheed Hudson aircraft flew over her at nightfall and signalled that the area was clear of enemy submarines; at 11:30 she was struck amidships by a torpedo fired from "U-552", from her destination of Liverpool. The lifeboats were manned and in the process of being lowered when an explosion split the ship in two, destroying the unlowered boats. "U-552" had fired an additional two torpedoes to ensure the ship's sinking which had struck together three minutes after the first.
In the short time between the two impacts the ship's radio operator was able to send a Mayday signal along with the ship's position and at first light a Bristol Blenheim of Coastal Command circled the scene. The British destroyer HMS "Veteran" arrived an hour later at 07:50 and picked up the 84 survivors, who were transferred to the Flower class corvette HMS "Kingcup" and landed at Derry.

</doc>
<doc id="19730269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730269" title="Martin Maier">
Martin Maier

Martin Maier (January 20, 1840 – November 9, 1893) was founder and proprietor of Martin Maier Trunk and Bag Company (est. 1865), which specialized in making specialty and sample trunks. His company was one of the largest distributors of luggage and leather goods in the mid-west, based in Detroit at 55 Monroe Avenue, then moved to 102 Woodward Avenue in 1873.
Before Martin Maier & Co..
Martin Maier was born January 20, 1840 in Langensteinbach (Baden). He learned the saddler's trade eventually becoming a master saddle maker. At age twenty-one, he immigrated to the United States from Baden, Germany, living with his sister in Monroe, Michigan. Later, he moved to burgeoning Detroit, where he would key up with the Wolfe Brothers in the trunk and saddlery business. From there, he made a stint in St. Louis when the Civil War would break out. The German population there had high enlistment figures for the Union, and Martin Maier felt an obligation to serve. He joined the Union around 1863-1865, and is believed to have participated in the March to the Sea Campaign from Atlanta. His profound knowledge in saddlery prompted him to fashion a saddle for General Tecumseh Sherman, which bolstered his aspiration to start a saddlery business. His job in the Army is relatively unknown, but he might have managed artillery because his section in "History of Detroit" states he "became quite deaf" due to the constant "roar of cannon" although the extent of his deafness is uncertain.
Martin Maier & Co.'s Beginning.
After the war, unperturbed by his infirmity, he moved back to Detroit where he would marry Elizabeth Dorman on May 3, 1866, and have six children. The birth of Martin Maier & Co. began when he helped coordinate an establishment with two friends. The trio built a business block on 55 Monroe Avenue, each occupying one-third of the block. The joint company specialized in a shoe store, and Martin managed a trunk and harness shop, until the business was burned out. Martin left the group and moved his business to 102 Woodward Avenue in 1873, where it would remain until his death. The high commercial integrity of Martin Maier & Co. was a result of an unbroken policy of fair treatment to patrons, the "practice of only dependable merchandize".

</doc>
<doc id="19730274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730274" title="2008 Chechnya earthquake">
2008 Chechnya earthquake

The 2008 Chechnya earthquake was a 5.8 Mw earthquake that occurred on October 11, 2008 at 09:06:10 UTC in Chechnya, Russia, and lasted for 40 seconds.
At least 13 people from the districts of Gudermes, Shalinsky and Kurchaloyevsky were killed by the quake and a series of aftershocks, which were felt throughout the North Caucasus, and even in Armenia and Georgia. In addition, about 116 people were injured.
Dagestan, Ingushetia, North Ossetia and Stavropol also experienced the tremors, with a total of 16 shocks between 3 and 6 on the Richter scale. Some tremors lasted up to 30 seconds, causing serious structural damage in two Chechen districts, and left 52,000 people without power in three districts. Communications and roads in Chechnya were also disrupted.
500 families in the heavily affected town of Kurchaloy needed tent shelters, and the local hospital in that town was evacuated. There was only minimal damage in the Chechnya capital of Grozny, consisting mostly of broken windows.
Ramzan Kadyrov, the President of Chechnya said, "We have received information on damage from various districts... each and every will receive the necessary help and support."
A strong magnitude 5.3 aftershock struck the region approximately 16 minutes after the initial quake.

</doc>
<doc id="19730293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730293" title="Black Rock Dam">
Black Rock Dam

Black Rock Dam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19730315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730315" title="Basilica Cathedral of Santa María la Menor">
Basilica Cathedral of Santa María la Menor

The Cathedral of Santa María la Menor in the Colonial Zone of Santo Domingo is dedicated to St. Mary of the Incarnation. It is the oldest cathedral in the Americas, begun in 1512 and completed in 1540. It is the Cathedral of the Archbishop of Santo Domingo who has the honorary title of "Primate of the Americas" because Santo Domingo was the first Catholic diocese established in the New World.
It is located between Calle Arzobispo Merino and Isabel la Católica, next to Columbus Park in the city of Santo Domingo de Guzman.
The Cathedral is fronted with a golden-tinted coral limestone façade, the church combines elements of both Gothic and Baroque with some lavish plateresque styles as exemplified by the high altar chiseled out of silver. There is also a treasury which has an excellent art collection of ancient woodcarvings, furnishings, funerary monuments, silver, and jewelry.
History.
The Cathedral was consecrated by Pope Julius II in 1504 and its construction began in 1512 under the leadership of Bishop Fray García Padilla. The arrival of Bishop Alexander Geraldini in 1519 motivated the construction of a temple of greater solemnity, so it was decided to build the current church, whose foundation stone was laid in 1521. The construction was carried out by Luis Moya, according to plans designed by Alonso Rodriguez, of Seville, Spain. By 1523, the construction achieved continuous progress until his its consecration in 1541. On February 12, 1546, at the request of Emperor Charles V, Pope Paul III granted the status of Metropolitan Cathedral and "Primate of the Americas". Francis Drake when he captured the city in 1586, used the cathedral as his headquarters and saved it from destruction. It was also the headquarters of the Archdiocese of Santo Domingo, which bore the aforementioned title of Primate. In 1920, Pope Benedict XV designated the Cathedral a Minor Basilica in his "Inter Americae".
Architecture.
The first noticeable feature of the structure are the solid limestone walls and three doors, two of which are gothic and the third main door which is plateresque. There are twelve side chapels, three aisles and a nave. The roof of the nave is pitched, while the aisles have cross vaulted ceilings. The length of the basilica is , the width of each of the three aisles is , the height to the vaulted ceilings is and the total area is . All of the side chapels were not included in the original footprint of the building, rather they were appended with time.
The cathedral has a treasury containing retablos, paintings, old woodwork, furniture, sculptures and tombstones. There are pieces that were involved with the funeral proceedings of several colonial archbishops. Interestingly, there is a tombstone of Simon Bolivar, one of the ancestors of the "Liberator" Simon Bolivar. Of note, the remains of Christopher Columbus were once housed at the cathedral, before their final resting place in the Faro a Colon.

</doc>
<doc id="19730316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730316" title="Brunei FA Cup">
Brunei FA Cup

The Brunei FA Cup is Brunei's premier knockout tournament in men's football (soccer). The competitions is being played since 2002 without interruption.
Previous winners.
Winners so far are: 

</doc>
<doc id="19730325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730325" title="Kowashōzu Station">
Kowashōzu Station


</doc>
<doc id="19730330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730330" title="Larry Yuma">
Larry Yuma

Larry Yuma is the title character of an Italian western comics series created by Carlo Boscarato and Claudio Nizzi. 
It was published in the comics magazine "Il Giornalino" from 1971 to 1992 for a total of 164 episodes.
The comic is strongly influenced by the Italian Spaghetti Western cinema. 

</doc>
<doc id="19730331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730331" title="Kimberly Hutchings">
Kimberly Hutchings

Kimberly Hutchings is Professor in International Relations at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE). 
She is a leading scholar in international relations theory. She has extensively researched and published on international political theory in respect to Kantian and Hegelian philosophy, international and global ethics, Feminist theory and philosophy, and politics and violence. Her work is influenced by the scholarly tradition that produced the Frankfurt School and Critical Theory.
She is the author of "Kant, Critique and Politics", "International Political Theory: rethinking ethics in a global era", "Hegel and Feminist Philosophy" and "Time and World Politics: thinking the present". Her current focus is on the areas of global ethics, assumptions about time and history in theories of international relations, and the conceptual relationship between politics and violence in Western political thought.
Before becoming only the third woman to hold a professorial position in the Department of International Relations at the LSE (after Susan Strange and Margot Light), she worked as Reader at the same institution from 2003 to 2007. From 1995 to 2002, she was Senior Lecturer in Political Theory at The University of Edinburgh's Graduate School of Social and Political Studies. Prior to that, she was a Lecturer in Philosophy in the School of Humanities and Social Sciences at the University of Wolverhampton.

</doc>
<doc id="19730332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730332" title="Brunei Super Cup">
Brunei Super Cup

The Brunei Super Cup is a Brunei football cup competition. It was first held in 2002, but has been played on and off since its inception. It is the curtain raiser to the Brunei football season. This competition is played between the league champion and the cup winner.
Cup Winners.
Winners so far are: 

</doc>
<doc id="19730337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730337" title="John Lonsdale">
John Lonsdale

The Right Reverend John Lonsdale (17 January 1788 – 19 October 1867) was the third Principal of King's College London who later served as Bishop of Lichfield.
He was educated at Eton College and King's College, Cambridge, and went on to become Principal of King's College London in 1838 following the death of Hugh James Rose.
Life.
Born on 17 January 1788 at Newmillerdam, near Wakefield, he was the eldest son of John Lonsdale (1737–1800), vicar of Darfield and perpetual curate of Chapelthorpe. His mother's name was Elizabeth Steer. He was educated at Eton under Joseph Goodall, who thought him the best Latin scholar he had ever had. He went in 1806 to Cambridge, and became Fellow of King's in 1809. 
Lonsdale was admitted to Lincoln's Inn in 1811, but was ordained in the Church of England in October 1815. In the next month he married, and was shortly afterwards appointed chaplain to Archbishop Charles Manners-Sutton and assistant preacher at the Temple Church. In 1822, the archbishop gave him the rectory of Mersham in Kent, which he left in 1827 for a prebendal stall at Lincoln Cathedral.
With further preferment, Lonsdale passed in 1828 to the precentorship of the diocese of Lichfield, later exchanged for a prebend at St Paul's Cathedral. In the same year he became rector of St George's, Bloomsbury, where he remained until 1834. In 1836 he was chosen preacher of Lincoln's Inn, and obtained the rectory of Southfleet, near Gravesend.
In 1839, Lonsdale was elected Principal of King's College, London: the post on its creation had been offered to him. The college prospered under his administration, and the hospital was chiefly founded by him. In 1840 he was elected Provost of Eton, but declined the appointment in favour of Francis Hodgson, who had been nominated by the Crown, but refused by the fellows on the ground of insufficient academic qualification. In 1842 he was made archdeacon of Middlesex, and in October 1843 was raised to the see of Lichfield, being consecrated 3 December. He was unwilling to accept the offer, but on consulting the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London found it had been made on the recommendation of them both. His episcopate was mostly uneventful except as regards church extension, on a large scale. There was controversy attending the establishment of Lichfield Theological College, which was settled by him. His sympathies were High Church; but he protested against the removal of F. D. Maurice from his professorship, and condemned the existing law on marriage with a deceased wife's sister, though he did not vote for its repeal.
Lonsdale died suddenly at his home in Eccleshall Castle on 19 October 1867 of the rupture of a blood-vessel in the brain. Various memorials included a monument in Lichfield Cathedral.
Works.
Lonsdale prepared for the press "The Four Gospels, with Annotations" (1849), with William Hale. His last sermon, preached the day before his death, with a few others, and a selection from his Latin verses, were appended to the biography of him by his son-in-law, Lord Grimthorpe.
Family.
Lonsdale married in 1815 Sophia, daughter of John Bolland, who died in 1852, and had issue: 

</doc>
<doc id="19730340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730340" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Bulgaria">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Bulgaria

The Ambassador of the United Kingdom to Bulgaria is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Bulgaria, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="19730342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730342" title="Shivinder Mohan Singh">
Shivinder Mohan Singh

Shivinder Mohan Singh is managing director of Fortis Healthcare, an Indian company. He is the grandson of Bhai Mohan Singh, the founder of Ranbaxy Laboratories, now a unit of the Japanese drugmaker, Daiichi Sankyo. He and his brother Malvinder Mohan Singh inherited their family's 33.5% stake in Ranbaxy after the death of their father in 1999. They are among the twenty richest Indians.
Singh attended The Doon School and St. Stephens College where he is an Honours Graduate in Mathematics. He also received his MBA from Duke University's Fuqua School of Business .

</doc>
<doc id="19730355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730355" title="2008 Peru oil scandal">
2008 Peru oil scandal

The 2008 Peru oil scandal started after a Peruvian TV station broadcast an audio tape of an alleged conversation between a government official and a lobbyist agreeing to help a firm win contracts. The speakers were allegedly Alberto Quimper, an executive in Petroperú, the state company in charge of promoting foreign investment in the petroleum sector, and a prominent lobbyist and politician member of the Apra party Rómulo León Alegría discussing payments to help the Norwegian company Discover Petroleum win contracts. This was followed by street protests led by workers, teachers, builders and doctors for the resignation of the Council of Ministers. The scandal led to the resignation of Prime Minister Jorge del Castillo and the appointment of a new cabinet headed by Yehude Simon.
Tape.
On October 5, 2008, TV news magazine Cuarto Poder broadcast alleged audio recordings of Alberto Quimper, vice-president of Petroperú, and Rómulo León Alegría, a lobbyist and prominent member of the APRA, the party that was currently in office. In the tape, they discussed secretive $10,000 monthly payments to Quimper, León and Ernesto Arias-Schreiber, the legal representative of the company Discover in Peru, in exchange for steering lucrative petroleum contracts to explore offshore oil blocks and gas fields in Peru Discover's way.
Consequences.
Thousands of workers, including teachers, builders and doctors protested in Peru calling for the resignation of the government. On October 10, 2008, Prime Minister Jorge del Castillo submitted resignation of his cabinet to president Alan García. A new cabinet led by 61 year old Yehude Simon was sworn in on October 14, 2008. He had been the president of the Lambayeque Region and is from outside the ruling party.
Yehude Simon.
Simon was a congressman in the 1980s for the now defunct Izquierda Unida party and later went on to found a new party, Patria Libre. He was accused in 1992 during President Alberto Fujimori's authoritarian government of justifying terrorism and was convicted to 20 years in prison. Amnesty International and local human rights groups worked in his defense and he was released after 8 ½ years with a pardon granted by transitional President Valentín Paniagua. He was also offered a public apology by a later President Alejandro Toledo. In 2002 and 2006, Simon was elected president of Peru's northern Lambayeque Region.

</doc>
<doc id="19730392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730392" title="Gareth Sparham">
Gareth Sparham

Gareth Sparham is a scholar and translator in the field of Tibetan Buddhism.
Biography.
Born in Britain,Gareth Sparham lived as a Buddhist monk among the Tibetan exile community of Dharamsala, India, for twenty years and studied through the Institute of Buddhist Dialectics from 1974 to 1982. Sparham earned his Ph.D. in 1989 from the University of British Columbia. He retired from his position as a lecturer in the Department of Asian Languages and Cultures of the University of Michigan in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19730407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730407" title="Logan Scott-Bowden">
Logan Scott-Bowden

Major General Logan Scott-Bowden, CBE, DSO, MC and Bar (21 February 1920 - 9 February 2014) was a British army officer. A Royal Engineers officer during World War II, he was the first commander of the Ulster Defence Regiment. Retiring as a Major General in 1974, he served as the Colonel-Commandant of the Royal Engineers from 1975 to 1980.
Early life.
Scott-Bowden was born in Whitehaven, Cumbria on 21 February 1920, the son of Lt.Col. Jonathan Scott-Bowden, OBE, TD, and Mary Scott-Bowden (née Logan). He was educated at Malvern College and the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. He was commissioned into the Royal Engineers on 3 July 1939.
Military career.
Scott-Bowden saw early service in Norway in 1940, before joining the 53rd (Welsh) Infantry Division as an Adjutant in 1941. During 1942 and 1943 he served as a on liaison duty with Canadian and American forces. In late 1943 Scott-Bowden joined the reconnaissance unit tasked with scouting the beaches for the D Day landings. At midnight 31 December 1943, with another Royal Engineer, Sergeant Bruce Ogden-Smith, as members of the Combined Operations Pilotage Parties (COPP), during Operation Bell Push Able, he landed on Gold Beach to take samples of the material from the beach. They found that the sand, in places, was thin and supported by weak peat material. They took samples back to the United Kingdom that allowed planners to cope with the weaker than expected beaches. On D Day both Sgt. Ogden-Smith and Maj. Scott-Bowden assisted in piloting the initial American landings on Omaha Beach. He then went onto command 17 Field Squadron for the remainder of the War.
After World War II, he had operational service in Burma, Palestine, Korea, Aden and lastly in Northern Ireland. In Northern Ireland he was given the challenging task of forming the Ulster Defence Regiment. His final appointment in the Armed Services, on promotion to Major General, was as Head of the British Defence Liaison Staff, India. After retirement from active service Scott-Bowden served as the Colonel-Commandant of the Royal Engineers from 1975 to 1980.
Personal life.
In 1950 he married Helen Jocelyn, daughter of late Major Sir Francis Caradoc Rose Price, 5th Bt, and late Marjorie Lady Price. They had three sons and three daughters.
Appointments.
He held a number of appointments throughout his career including:

</doc>
<doc id="19730408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730408" title="Badar Munir">
Badar Munir

Badar Munir (1940 – October 11, 2008) was a Pashtun, legend film star and director. Originally from Madyan in the princely state of Swat, he starred in over 400 Pashto and Urdu films from 1970 to 2002.
Before joining films, Bader Munir used to drive Rikshaw in Karachi streets then he got a job as Tea boy in Waheed Murad's office. He was introduced by Waheed Murad to the film industry in 1970. His first movie was "Yousaf Khan Sherbano", with Yasmin Khan as heroine.
Badar Munir has five sons and five daughters. His elder son Syed Munir also worked in Pashto films "Da Qudrat Shan", "Sa Ba Yad sati", and "Zoai da badmash".

</doc>
<doc id="19730418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730418" title="Conchodus">
Conchodus

Conchodus is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19730435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730435" title="Jeanne Larsen">
Jeanne Larsen

Jeanne Larsen (born 1950 in Washington, D.C.) is a poet, novelist, translator, and essayist. Much of her work shows the growing influence of Buddhist perspectives on U.S. literature. This includes not only the poetry and creative nonfiction, but also the novels in her Avalokiteśvara trilogy: "Silk Road", "Bronze Mirror", and "Manchu Palaces". 
Biography.
Larsen grew up on U.S. Army posts in Kansas, Virginia, Pennsylvania and Germany. A graduate of Oberlin College, she received her M.A. from Hollins College and her Ph.D. in Comparative Literature from The University of Iowa. She has also lived, worked, and studied in Taiwan and Japan. In 1980, she moved to the Roanoke Valley of Virginia in the United States, where she teaches literature and creative writing at Hollins University.
Awards.
Larsen is the recipient of a Japan/U.S. Friendship Commission Creative Artists Exchange Fellowship (creative nonfiction), an Individual Artist Fellowship (fiction) from the Virginia Commission for the Arts, a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship (literary translation), the William L. Crawford Award for the year’s best new novelist from the International Association for the Fantastic in the Arts and student prizes from the Academy of American Poets.
She has also received residency fellowships from the Millay Colony for the Arts, the Byrdcliffe Artists Colony, Ragdale, the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts, the Eastern Frontier Society, and the Bread Loaf Writers’ Conference. The School for Criticism and Theory and the American Council of Learned Societies/Mellon Foundation have awarded her academic fellowships, and she first went to Taiwan on an Oberlin Shansi teaching-study fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="19730437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730437" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Lithuania">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Lithuania

The Ambassador from the United Kingdom to Lithuania is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Lithuania, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Vilnius.
Heads of Mission.
Envoys Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary.
From 1921 to 1940, British Ministers were accredited to Estonia and Latvia as well as Lithuania; they were based in Riga.

</doc>
<doc id="19730454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730454" title="Greater New Orleans Expressway Commission">
Greater New Orleans Expressway Commission

The Greater New Orleans Expressway Commission (GNOEC), commonly called The Causeway Commission, is an entity responsible for the maintenance, construction, and enforcement of safety laws on the Lake Pontchartrain Causeway. It is headquartered in the New Orleans suburb of Metairie. 
The Causeway Commission consists of five commissioners from Jefferson and St. Tammany parishes.

</doc>
<doc id="19730463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730463" title="45 (Jaguares album)">
45 (Jaguares album)

45 is an album recorded by Mexican alternative rock band Jaguares.
The album was created by Saúl Hernández and Alfonso André in collaboration with Howard Willing. Recorded in Los Angeles and Mexico in June and produced in Nashville by Dave Thoenes. "Entre Tus Jardines", is the first single released.
Trivia.
The album's title, "45", refers to the approximately 45 million of people in Mexico who live in poverty. It is almost half of the country's population.

</doc>
<doc id="19730464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730464" title="Rizal Mallarangeng">
Rizal Mallarangeng

Rizal Mallarangeng (born Makassar, South Sulawesi; 29 October 1964) is an Indonesian socialite and the second of three brothers. Mallarangeng has been known as a campaign advisor to various political parties and was once labeled an opportunist after he was appointed to a senior role in the Golkar Party in 2009. Since December 2012 Mallarangeng and his brothers are the subject of media coverage stemming from a corruption scandal that forced his brother to resign as Indonesian Sports Minister. 
Controversy.
On December 17, 2012, Mallarangeng and his brothers Andi Mallarangeng and Zulkarnaen “Choel” were portrayed in a caricature on the cover of the critically acclaimed Tempo magazine. They were shown carrying money from the graft-ridden Hambalang sports center project, subject of a corruption investigation. The Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) has named both brothers a suspect in the mega scandal and slapped a travel ban on both Andi Mallarangeng and Choel, a political consultant to Fox Indonesia. 
Andi Mallarangeng was forced to resigned from his positions as Indonesia's Youth and Sports Minister and as the Secretary of the Democratic Party of Indonesia’s Board of Patrons. Andi Mallarangeng is the first minister to resign on graft allegations since the country's powerful Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) began operating in 2003 with a mandate to crack down on rampant graft. 

</doc>
<doc id="19730466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730466" title="Dipteroides">
Dipteroides

Dipteroides is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19730492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730492" title="Llancaiach Colliery">
Llancaiach Colliery

Llancaiach Colliery was a coal mine in the South Wales Valleys, located just to the north of the village of Nelson and just to the south of Llancaiach Fawr Manor.
It was opened by Thomas Powell in 1811, and from 1841 was served by the bespoke Llancaiach Branch line of the Taff Vale Railway.
The mine closed in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="19730507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730507" title="Kvítkov">
Kvítkov

Kvítkov is a village in the Czech Republic. Its located in the Česká Lípa District.

</doc>
<doc id="19730508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730508" title="Grossipterus">
Grossipterus

Grossipterus is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19730525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730525" title="Wollaston Peninsula">
Wollaston Peninsula

The Wollaston Peninsula (previously, Wollaston Land) is a west-pointing peninsula located on southwestern Victoria Island, Canada. It is bordered by Prince Albert Sound to the north, Amundsen Gulf to the west and Dolphin and Union Strait to the south. Most of the peninsula lies in Nunavut's Kitikmeot Region but a smaller portion lies within the Northwest Territories's Inuvik Region. The peninsula is long, and between wide. Its westernmost point is Cape Baring.
In 1826, its south coast was seen by John Richardson. and his surveyor Edward Nicholas Kendall and was named Wollaston Land, in honor of William Hyde Wollaston. In 1851 John Rae (explorer) went along most of its coast and proved that "Wollaston Land" was connected to that was called "Victoria Land" to the east. 

</doc>
<doc id="19730579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730579" title="1913 in India">
1913 in India

Events in the year 1913 in India.
Events.
3 May- Raja Harischandra, First full length movie of India released. Beginning of Indian Film Industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19730580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730580" title="Chris Porter (ice hockey)">
Chris Porter (ice hockey)

Chris Porter (born May 29, 1984 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger currently playing with the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted in the ninth round, 282nd overall, by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. 
Playing career.
Prior to his professional career, Porter played collegiate hockey at the University of North Dakota. He spent four years at the University of North Dakota appearing in 175 games for the Fighting Sioux. He made his NHL debut with the Blues in the 2008–09 season opener. He scored his first career NHL goal on October 18, 2008 against the Chicago Blackhawks.
On July 16, 2012, Porter was re-signed as a free agent by the Blues to a one-year contract.
Porter is close friends with University of North Dakota teammate and current NHL star of the Minnesota Wild, Zach Parise. He will be acting as best man at Parise's wedding as Parise did for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19730632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730632" title="Liu Hao">
Liu Hao

Liu Hao (; born 1968 in Shanghai) is a Chinese filmmaker. He first rose to prominence in the early to mid-2000s.
Early life.
Born and raised in Shanghai, Liu Hao spent much of his youth watching films by Ren Xudong and Cheng Yin and, as he grew older, the works of the fifth generation directors. In 1995, as his interest in film grew, Liu, now in his mid-20s, decided to apply to the Beijing Film Academy. Though his application was accepted, the Academy refused to allow him to start, stating that 27 was simply too old. Undeterred, Liu raised ¥25,000 from banks to make a short Beijing Opera music video which went on to win a prize in Shanghai. With his name on the map, Liu was allowed to enter the 1997 incoming class of the Beijing Film Academy.
Directorial career.
After graduating, Liu started his career with the independent film, "Chen Mo and Meiting" (2002). The film, about a romance between flower-vendor boy and a massage parlor girl, was never released in China. It nevertheless was screened abroad, and won a special mention at the Berlin International Film Festival and a NETPAC award.
Though never released in China, the film caught the attention of Chinese producers at the China Film Group (CFG), who selected Liu to participate in the New Film Project, a joint investment by the CFG and the Peking University Kwans Group to fund new directors. With expectations that the film would be not only critically, but more importantly "commercially" successful, the China Film Group and the Peking University Kwans Group invested ¥5 million to Liu for his project, "Two Great Sheep", a rural comedy about a poor peasant couple being forced to take care of two sheep of a superior breed.
"Two Great Sheep" marked Liu as one of several Chinese "underground" directors who have now made films with China's state studios, a group that also included sixth generation directors Jia Zhangke and Zhu Wen.

</doc>
<doc id="19730660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730660" title="1960–61 Football League Cup">
1960–61 Football League Cup

The 1960–61 Football League Cup was the inaugural staging of the Football League Cup, a knockout competition for England's top 92 football clubs. The competition began on 26 September 1960, and ended with the two-legged final almost a year later on 22 August and 5 September 1961.
The tournament was won by Aston Villa, who beat Rotherham United 3–2 on aggregate after extra time. Rotherham won the first leg 2–0 at Millmoor, their home ground thanks to goals from Alan Kirkman and Barry Webster. In the second leg at Villa Park, Harry Burrows and Peter McParland levelled the tie on aggregate and Alan O'Neill scored in extra-time to win the cup for Aston Villa.
Semi-finals.
The semi-final draw was made in February 1961 after the conclusion of the quarter finals. Unlike the rounds up to that point, the semi-final ties were played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The matches were played in March, April and May 1961.
Final.
The 1961 League Cup Final was played on 22 August and 5 September 1961 and was contested between First Division side Aston Villa and Second Division team Rotherham United. Aston Villa won the game 3-2 on aggregate (after extra time).

</doc>
<doc id="19730666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730666" title="Zurich town hall">
Zurich town hall

The Zurich town hall is the Rathaus of Zurich, Switzerland.
History.
It was built in 1694-1698. It served as the seat of government of the Republic of Zurich until 1798. Since 1803, it has been owned by the Canton of Zurich, housing both the cantonal and the city's municipal parliaments.
It is built on a fundament anchored in the Limmat river, now facing the Limmatquai at a bridge, the so-called "Rathausbrücke". The 17th century building replaces an earlier Rathaus built in 1397, which in turn replaced a 13th-century court house ("Richthus").
"Rathaus" is also the name of a quarter within the Altstadt district. It is the part of the medieval town on the right side of the Limmat, separated by the "Hirschengraben" from the "Hochschulen" quarter to the east, and delimited by the Bellevue and Central squares to the south and north, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19730681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730681" title="2008 Zurich Open">
2008 Zurich Open

The 2008 TENNIS.com Zurich Open was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 25th edition of the event known that year as the TENNIS.com Zurich Open, and was part of the Tier II Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. It took place at the Hallenstadion in Zürich, Switzerland, from October 11 through October 19, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19730684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730684" title="Ernesto McCausland">
Ernesto McCausland

Ernesto McCausland Sojo (January 4, 1961- November 21, 2012) was a Colombian journalist, writer and filmmaker.
Career.
McCausland began in journalism in 1982, as a reporter of crime stories for his home town newspaper El Heraldo.
He later started to work in the genre of narrative journalism, becoming one of the best in multiple fields such as press, radio and TV in Colombia. At the same time, he conducted "Mundo Costeño", a narrative journalism program on the regional channel Telecaribe, where he highlighted the customs and traditions of the Colombian Caribbean Region. 
In the mid-1990s he worked as a news anchor for the QAP television news. Since 2007 he hosted "A las 11", an interview program on Telecaribe. Since 2008 he worked as co-anchor of Canal Caracol's «El Radar», program. McCausland conducted the Vallenato Legend Festival on several occasions. He was a collaborator for Colombia's «SoHo» and Spain's «Interviú» magazines. He was also a columnist for El Heraldo.
Since 1998, he led his own production studio, La Esquina del Cine, where he worked with some of the most talented young producers in the Colombian Caribbean Region.
McCausland won several journalistic awards during his professional career.
Books.
Some of his best works in the genre of narrative journalism are included in his book "Las Crónicas de McCausland" (Espasa, 1996). His writings have also been included in such compilations as "Antología de grandes reportajes colombianos" (Alfaguara) and "Antología de grandes crónicas colombianas" (Alfaguara) by Daniel Samper.
He published two novels, "Febrero escarlata" (Planeta, 2004) and "El alma del acordeón" (Intermedio, 2006).
Filmography.
McCausland has directed three films, El último Carnaval, Champeta Paradise and Siniestro, which won the award as the best Colombian film of 2000. He has also directed 14 short films and several documentaries.

</doc>
<doc id="19730687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730687" title="Oakland County Cruisers">
Oakland County Cruisers

The Oakland County Cruisers were a professional baseball team based in Waterford Township, Michigan, in the United States. They were a member of the East Division of the Frontier League, which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball. The team became the London Rippers in 2012.
The name "Cruisers" is a reference to Oakland County's location in Metropolitan Detroit, home of the three major American automobile companies: Ford, Chrysler, and General Motors. All three companies have significant investments in Oakland County. Each August, the county hosts the Woodward Dream Cruise.
History.
The Slippery Rock Sliders were formed for the 2007 season to ensure an even number of teams with the Frontier League's addition of the Southern Illinois Miners. The Sliders played 32 home games at Jack Critchfield Park in Slippery Rock, Pennsylvania, with the remaining 64 played on the road. For the 2008 season, the Sliders became a traveling team, playing all of their games on the road under the geographical moniker, "Midwest".
The Sliders' 2009 season began on May 29, at Eastern Michigan University's Oestrike Stadium located in Ypsilanti, Michigan. The Sliders played strong - a 33-33 record after 66 games. However, countless injuries and the sale of top starting pitching led to a late-season slump. Pitcher James Albury was sold to the Chicago White Sox and pitcher Caleb Graham was sold to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. The Sliders had 42 scheduled home dates with 54 scheduled road dates. 
The Oakland County Cruisers were scheduled move into Diamond at The Summit on July 16, 2010 after playing three three-game series (nine games total) at Oestrike Stadium during the first half of the 2010 Frontier League season, however, the organization was unable to obtain funding in time for this to occur. The Cruisers played 78 of its 96 regular-season games on the road. The Cruisers led the Frontier League East for better than two months. However, the high amount of road games (30 more than any other team) and the solid play of the Windy City Thunderbolts and Traverse City Beach Bums down the stretch led to a third place finish - only four games out. Interim Manager Gera Alvarez won 2010 Frontier League Manager of the Year. Pitcher P.J. Zocchi and first baseman Joash Brodin were named to the Frontier League End-of-Year All-Star Team. Zocchi tied the Frontier League record for saves in a season with 26 (matched Matt Petty of the Windy City Thunderbolts in 2007) and was named Frontier League Relief Pitcher of the Year.
Construction on Diamond at The Summit was supposed to begin in October 2010 with the stadium completed in June 2011. The complex would hold approximately 4,000 fans and function as a year-sound sports and entertainment complex in Waterford Township. After a groundbreaking ceremony with officials of Waterford Township, the area still sits as a vacant parking lot to the adjoining and vacant Summit Place Mall. A small sign touting the construction project sits on the corner of two shopping mall "streets" with fading color in a sea of weeds.
Baseball in Ypsilanti.
The Sliders were Ypsilanti's first pro baseball team in nearly a century, since they were awarded a franchise in the Class D Border League in 1913. The Border League was sometimes called a "trolley league" because its six franchises (in southeastern Michigan and Ontario, Canada) were located on the interurban lines; they played a limited schedule of games, primarily on weekends. Managed by former major-leaguer Ducky Pearce, the unnamed Ypsilanti team took the pennant with a 24-10 record, then folded with the rest of the league. Ypsilanti thus held the distinction of being one of the few cities to win a championship in its only season hosting a pro ballclub.
College baseball remains popular in Ypsilanti: Eastern Michigan University won a NAIA national championship in 1971 and made it all the way to the championship game of the NCAA College World Series in 1976 before losing to Arizona. The Hurons (now Eagles) remain the last northern school to play for the CWS title.
Return of the Sliders.
In 2009, the Slippery Rock Sliders returned, this time under new ownership and as a member of the new Prospect League (several of whose teams play in former Frontier League markets).

</doc>
<doc id="19730690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730690" title="Petr Vrána">
Petr Vrána

Petr Vrána (born March 29, 1985 in Šternberk, Czechoslovakia) is a professional ice hockey centre. Petr currently plays for the Lev Praha in Kontinental Hockey League. He was drafted in the second round, 42nd overall, by the New Jersey Devils in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. He played with the Halifax Mooseheads in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
His first NHL goal was scored against Brent Johnson of the Washington Capitals on October 18, 2008 with assists by Patrik Eliáš and Johnny Oduya.

</doc>
<doc id="19730692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730692" title="Kilmoyley GAA">
Kilmoyley GAA

Kilmoyley are a Gaelic Athletic Association club in County Kerry, Ireland. There are located in North Kerry, the main Hurling area of Kerry. They are one of the most successful hurling clubs in Kerry and is primarily concerned with the game of hurling. The club compeyes in competitions organized by Kerry GAA county board and the North Division hurling board.
History.
In the latter years of the nineteenth century and early twentieth century, the fame of Kilmoyley's hurlers and their deeds spread to non-hurling areas in the county and beyond. Hurling was practised in Kilmoyley many years before the Gaelic Athletic Association's foundation in 1884. In the two decades prior to the foundation of the GAA, Kilmoyley organised hurling matches with Abbeydorney, Lixnaw and Ballyduff.
Early officers of the club were Jack McGrath, Dan O'Connor, Michael Hanlon, David Reidy, Cornelius Regan, Thomas Sheehy, Edward Ryle, John Lawlor, and David Mahony. Meetings were conducted in Patcheen Quane's house and the players "trained" in Nolan's field before 11 o'clock Sunday mass. This field is now owned by John Fitzgerald and is situated between Jackeen Quane's (now John Flanagan's) and Patcheen Quane's - later the home of William (Callaghan), Patsy and Mary, his sons and daughter.
In their first County final against Kenmare (known as The O'Connell's then) in 1889, the Kilmoyley players wore saffron jerseys, long pants and multi-coloured woollen caps knitted by wives, girlfriends and other female supporters. Kilmoyley lost that final in Fossa by 1-0 to 0-3 (a goal was worth more than any number of points at that time). Also during that game a Kilmoyley man's leg was broken and two other players got severe injuries. Kilmoyley team that day :- Jack W. Quane, James Kelly, Willie O'Connell, Peter Stack, Michael McCarthy, Patsy O'Rourke, Phil Ml McCarthy, Mick McQuinn, Michael Riordan, Pat Sheehy, Tadgh Donall McCarthy, Daniel Driscoll, Charles Nolan, Pat Nolan, Tom Nolan, Pat Quane, Michael Pat Sheehy, Maurice Fitzgerald, Jack McCarthy, Thade Eugene McCarthy. 
The Kilmoyley girls wore the same type multi-coloured caps as the hurlers when attending games to differentiate themselves from other clubs' female supporters.
In 1890 Kilmoyley was to win its first County title. In the quarter-final Kilmoyley beat Abbeydorney by 0-6 to 0-2. In the semi-final they met Kenmare, and in a bruising battle, Kenmare refused to line out for the replay. Shouts of "Remember the broken leg" and "Give 'em the timber, ye devils" greeted the teams on arrival. On 15 June Kilmoyley met an understrength Ballyduff team in the final (two or three of their players were mackerel fishing), and were to beat them by 2-2 to no score. But Ballyduff objected to Kilmoyley victory as they had players from Lerrig on the team! Kilmoyley team that day :- Jack W. Quane, Michael Pat Sheehy, Pat Nolan, Tom Nolan, Maurice Fitzgerald, Jack Regan, Michael Riordan, Tadgh Donall McCarthy, Mick McQuinn, Thade Eugene McCarthy, Phil Ml McCarthy, Patsy O'Rourke, Michael McCarthy, Jack McCarthy, James Kelly, Willie O'Connell, James Kelly, Daniel Driscoll, Charles Nolan, Pat Quane, D Riordan, D McQuinn, JJ Kelly. John Egan, P. Buckley and Jack Maunsell were alsomembers of the Kilmoyley panel that took part in the All-Ireland series later in the year
County championship winning captains.
Senior 
Under 21
Minor

</doc>
<doc id="19730693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730693" title="Levator muscle">
Levator muscle

Levator muscle can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19730729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730729" title="Richard D. McCormick">
Richard D. McCormick

Richard David McCormick (July 4, 1940- ) is an American business executive. 
Biography.
McCormick is chairman emeritus of US West, Inc.. He served as CEO of US West from 1990 to 1998. He was also a director of Wells Fargo & Company (1983-2010) and an honorary chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC). 
McCormick was born in Fort Dodge, Iowa, the son of Elmo Eugene McCormick and Virgilla (Lawler) McCormick. He received his BS degree in electrical engineering from Iowa State University in 1961 and went to work that year for AT&T as an engineer in Kansas City, Missouri.
On June 29, 1963, he married Mary Patricia Smola, and had four children.
He moved to Northwestern Bell in 1969, rising to the presidency of the Omaha-based company in 1982. A year after the divestiture of the Bell System, he went to Denver in 1985 as executive vice president of US West, Inc., the new regional Bell operating company. McCormick was elected president and chief operating officer in 1986, chief executive officer in 1990, and chairman in 1992 (replacing Jack A. MacAllister in both instances). 
In 1995 McCormick was named chairman of the United States Council for International Business, the US affiliate of the International Chamber of Commerce. He stepped down as chairman and was named vice chairman in February 2001. Elected chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce in 2001, he retired in 2003 and was given the emeritus title of honorary chairman. 
Having been elected a director of Norwest Bank in 1983, upon the merger with Wells Fargo & Company in 1998 he became a director of Wells Fargo. McCormick retired as CEO of US West in 1998 and as chairman of the board of directors in 1999. Solomon J. Trujillo replaced him as chairman. In January 1999, McCormich was appointed vice president of ICC and in January 2001, he became the president of the body. 
Currently, McCormick is a director of Nortel Networks Corporation and United Technologies Corporation, and he is a trustee of the Denver Art Museum. In the past he also served on the boards of Health Trio, UAL Corporation, Wells Fargo & Company and Unocal. 
Active in Republican politics, he has been a member of George W. Bush for President, Bush-Cheney '04, John McCain 2008, and the Freedom and Free Enterprise Political Action Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19730748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730748" title="1946–47 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1946–47 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1946–47 campaign was the first full season since the end of World War II, but Town would have little to cheer during the season. Under David Steele, Town were in relegation trouble for most of the season, but because of the even worse displays of Brentford and Leeds United saw Town live to fight another day in Division 1.
Review.
David Steele had been Town manager since 1943, but this was his first season in league football management with the Leeds Road club and it would be his last in Huddersfield. Town lost 5 of their opening league matches, but oddly enough won the other game 5–2 against Derby County. During October, Town lost 4 matches and conceded 19 goals in a 5–0 defeat against Leeds United, a 6–1 loss at Wolverhampton Wanderers and 4–1 defeats to Liverpool and Middlesbrough.
Following that run, Town beat Charlton Athletic 5–1, but Town's form never made any dramatic improvements and even lost an FA Cup tie at home to Barnsley. Luckily during that season, Town were up against 2 worse teams in the relegation dogfight in Brentford and Leeds United, who were more than 7 points behind Town by the end of the season. This however didn't stop Steele from resigning at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19730754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730754" title="Benelli MP 90 S World Cup 32 caliber">
Benelli MP 90 S World Cup 32 caliber

The Benelli MP 90 S World Cup 32 gauge is a precision target shooting pistol designed for the 25 metre center-fire pistol ISSF shooting events. It is manufactured by Benelli Armi SpA of Italy.
Features.
Like all pistols designed for the 25 metre center-fire pistol event, it has fully adjustable sights, trigger and anatomically shaped adjustable walnut grip with palm rest.

</doc>
<doc id="19730770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730770" title="Peter Hotez">
Peter Hotez

Dr. Peter J. Hotez is a scientist, pediatrician, and leading advocate and expert in the fields of global health, vaccinology, and neglected tropical disease control. He serves as founding dean of the Baylor College of Medicine National School of Tropical Medicine, chief of the new Section of Tropical Medicine in the BCM Department of Pediatrics and holds the Texas Children’s Hospital Endowed Chair in Tropical Pediatrics. He is also President of the Sabin Vaccine Institute, headquartered in Washington, DC; and leads the Sabin Vaccine Institute and Texas Children's Hospital Center for Vaccine Development. Recently, he was named the Fellow in Disease and Poverty at Baker Institute for Public Policy at the Rice University. 
Neglected Tropical Disease (NTD) Vaccine Research and Development ('the antipoverty vaccines').
As President of the Sabin Vaccine Institute and Director of its product development partnership (PDP) Hotez leads an international team of scientists working to develop vaccines to combat hookworm infection, schistosomiasis, and other infectious and neglected diseases, including Chagas disease, leishmaniasis, and SARS. These diseases are the most common infections of the world’s poorest people. 
Together with Philip K. Russell, Hotez founded the Human Hookworm Vaccine Initiative (HHVI) in 1999, the first initiative of the Sabin Vaccine Institute PDP. Innovations developed by Sabin Vaccine Development—funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs and others—are sometimes referred to as “antipoverty vaccines” because of their impact on both global health and economic development. Antipoverty vaccines against hookworm are now in clinical trials in Brazil, while a new vaccine for schistosomiasis will soon undergo clinical testing. The vaccines for Chagas disease, leishmaniasis, and SARS are at an earlier stage of development, with support from the NIAID, NIH, Carlos Slim Health Institute, Southwest Electric Energy Medical Research Institute, and key individuals. 
The Sabin Vaccine Institute PDP develops new antipoverty vaccines jointly with innovative developing countries, such as Brazil and Mexico, with aspirations to extend these activities to the Middle East and Asia. Hotez writes extensively about vaccine diplomacy, i.e., the opportunity of using vaccines as instruments of foreign policy and to promote global peace, especially among poor countries seeking nuclear weapons technology.
Neglected Tropical Disease Policy and Advocacy.
In addition to his R&D activities, Prof. Hotez is a leading global health advocate and policymaker in the area of neglected tropical diseases, with an emphasis on providing impoverished populations access to essential and existing medicines for neglected tropical diseases. His 2005-06 papers in the Public Library of Science (PLOS) co-authored with thought leaders from the UK and WHO helped to consolidate the concept of the ‘NTDs’ and led to the implementation of “rapid impact packages” of essential medicines for the NTDs now reaching hundreds of millions of people in low income countries through support from the US Agency for International Development (USAID) and other sources. These activities helped to promote the establishment of the Global Network for NTDs, which Hotez co-founded in 2006 Global Network for Neglected Tropical Diseases (“Global Network”) with leading experts in the field. The Global Network, launched at the Clinton Global Initiative and funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, highlights the horrific health and educational effects of neglected tropical diseases and advocates for their control and elimination. As a result of these activities, and the effort of public-private partnerships and NGOs, today more than 250 million people are receiving essential medicines for neglected tropical diseases. 
Hotez is also the founding Editor-In-Chief of the "Public Library of Science (PLoS) Neglected Tropical Diseases", the first online open access medical journal focused exclusively on neglected tropical diseases.
His papers in PLOS NTDs on the Geopolitics of NTDs provide a new framework for incorporating NTDs into U.S. foreign policy and helped to launch the concept known as ‘vaccine diplomacy’. More recently, Prof. Hotez is expanding his efforts to take on NTDs among the poor living in the U.S. and other developed countries. His 2008 PLOS NTDs paper on “Neglected infections in the United States of America” highlighted the hidden burden of NTDs in the American South while his 2012 op-ed piece in the New York Times, "Tropical Diseases: The New Plague of Poverty", emphasized the especially high burden of NTDs among the poor in Texas. His work is leading to a new global health framework based on extreme poverty regardless of whether it occurs in low- and middle-income countries or industrialized nations. Many of these concepts are articulated in his book “Forgotten People, Forgotten Diseases” ASM Press.
Blue Marble Health.
In January 2013 during a speech at the James Baker Institute for Public Policy at Rice University in Houston, Texas, Professor Peter Hotez introduced the concept of “Blue Marble Health” to raise awareness on neglected tropical diseases and their disproportionate impact on the extreme poor living among the wealthiest G20 (Group of 20) countries, including 4 – 5 million Americans in the United States living on less than $2 a day. In subsequent policy papers published in Foreign Policy and PLOS NTDs, Dr. Hotez provided evidence that with some important exceptions most of the world’s NTDs paradoxically affect populations living in G20 countries, especially in areas of concentrated poverty such as northern India, southern Mexico, western China, northeastern Brazil, and even the southern United States (see map). This finding is in contrast to traditional global health views of developed vs. developing countries. Blue Marble Health has also emerged as a key concept for science and vaccine diplomacy, particularly with respect to exercising diplomatic pressure on the G20 countries to take greater responsibility for their impoverished populations and for people living in poverty everywhere.
National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine.
Hotez' work among people with NTDs in Texas helped to lead to the establishment of the National School of Tropical Medicine (NSTM) at Baylor College of Medicine (BCM). It is the first school in the United States solely committed to addressing the world's most pressing tropical disease issues.
The vision of the NSTM is to harness the scientific horsepower of the Texas Medical Center and apply it toward solving global health problems affecting the world's poorest people. The NSTM believes that all lives have equal value, and there is an urgent need to address diseases that disproportionately affect the world’s poorest people – otherwise forgotten people with forgotten diseases.
The National School of Tropical Medicine provides training programs to allow a new cadre of health professionals to conduct innovative fundamental, translational and clinical research in the field of tropical medicine. The NSTM also offers clinical training for tropical diseases, providing the opportunity for students and health professionals to gain valuable hands-on experience to complement their research interests, course of study or profession.
In addition, programs to address the global health policy and advocacy of Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs). These are infectious and parasitic diseases that initiate and perpetuate poverty and suffering, worldwide. Signature programs develop the establishment of diplomas, certificates, workshops and graduate degrees in tropical medicine. NSTM will also launch a variety of basic and biotechnology educational programs to train a new generation of scientists and health professionals.
Biography and Education.
Hotez was born in Hartford, Connecticut. He received a BA in Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry "magna cum laude" (Phi Beta Kappa) from Yale University in 1980, a PhD from Rockefeller University in 1986, and a Doctorate in Medicine from Weill Cornell Medical College in 1987. His doctoral dissertation and postdoctoral training were in the area of hookworm molecular pathogenesis and vaccine development.
He obtained pediatric residency training at the Massachusetts General Hospital, and postdoctoral training in clinical pediatric infectious diseases and molecular parasitology at Yale University School of Medicine. Prior to becoming founding Dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine, Dr. Hotez was Professor and Chair of the Department of Microbiology, Immunology, and Tropical Medicine at George Washington University previously and prior to that associate professor at Yale University School of Medicine.
Awards and Memberships.
Hotez has received several awards throughout his career, including:
In 2008, he was elected to membership in the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies. He is an ambassador of the Paul G. Rogers Society for Global Health Research, a Fellow of the American Academy of Pediatrics (FAAP), a member of the World Health Organization Scientific and Technical Advisory Committee for WHO TDR (Special Programme on Tropical Diseases Research), and in 2011, Hotez was appointed as a member of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Council of Councils. He is a member of the inaugural class of Fellows of the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene.
Publications and Media.
Hotez is the author of more than 330 scientific and technical papers on NTDs. In addition he is the author of "Forgotten People, Forgotten Diseases: The Neglected Tropical Diseases and Their Impact on Global Health and Development", co-author of "Parasitic Diseases, 5th Edition", a co-editor of "Krugman's Infectious Diseases of Children, 11th Edition", and co-editor of "Manson's Tropical Diseases, 23rd Edition" and "Feigin and Cherry's Textbook of Pediatric Infectious Diseases, 7th Edition". In addition, Hotez writes frequently for lay audiences, including papers in Scientific American and op-ed pieces in the New York Times, Los Angeles Times, and Huffington Post. He has been interviewed on numerous national TV and news programs, such as CNN, NPR, Charlie Rose and PRI. He has also consulted for popular television shows that highlight tropical diseases, including House and Private Practice.
Selected scientific publications:
Selected op-eds:
Personal.
Hotez has a lifelong passion and interest in tropical diseases, which he said began when he first read the book "Microbe Hunters" as a child. He currently lives in the Montrose area of Houston, Texas with his wife Ann and two of his four children (Rachel and Daniel). His eldest son Matthew is a musician in Washington DC and his eldest daughter Emily is working towards a PhD in developmental psychology at City University of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19730782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730782" title="Committee for the Defence of the National Interests">
Committee for the Defence of the National Interests

Committee for the Defence of National Interests (abbreivated CDNI) was a right-wing political party in Laos. The party was founded on June 10, 1958 by a group of powerful families and French educated elites. The party proposed the formation of an anti-communist national front. In April 1960 the party won in a landslide victory with the Laotian People's Rally, winning all 59 seats in the National Assembly. A government, led by CDNI member Prince Somsanith Vongkotrattana, was formed but was toppled two months later by Kong Le in a coup. It ceased to exist during the early 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19730805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730805" title="Ryan Jones (ice hockey)">
Ryan Jones (ice hockey)

Ryan Michael Stewart Jones (born June 14, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted in the fourth round, 111th overall, by the Minnesota Wild in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Jones grew up in Chatham, Ontario playing minor hockey for the Chatham Cobras A program of the OMHA. He graduated to AAA hockey for the Chatham-Kent Cyclones of the Pavilion League before playing one season with the Blenheim Blades Jr C team and two seasons with the Chatham Maroons Jr.B. hockey club of the OHA.
He was selected by the Minnesota Wild in the 4th round of the 2004 NHL draft after his second season with the Chatham Maroons.
Jones earned a scholarship at Miami University in Ohio spending four years with the CCHA team. He made his National Hockey League debut with Nashville Predators in the 2008–09 season opener. He soon scored his first NHL goal with the Predators on October 15, 2008, against Marty Turco of the Dallas Stars.
During the 2009–10 season, he was placed on waivers by the Predators and was subsequently claimed by the Edmonton Oilers on March 3, 2010.
Ryan Jones has affectionately been given the nickname "Junkman" by many of his fans, partly due to his propensity for so-called "garbage goals" and partly because he shares the same last name as former MLB pitcher Randy "Junkman" Jones.
On December 2, 2011, Jones scored his first career NHL hat-trick, scoring 3 third period goals in a 6-3 victory over the Columbus Blue Jackets.
After four seasons with the Oilers, Jones opted to explore free agency, before he re-signed with Edmonton on a one-year contract on July 6, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19730812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730812" title="Arthropod eye">
Arthropod eye

The arthropods ancestrally possessed compound eyes, but the type and origin of this eye varies between groups, and some taxa have secondarily developed simple eyes. The organ's development through the lineage can be estimated by comparing groups that branched early, such as the velvet worm and horseshoe crab to the advanced eye condition found in insects and other derived arthropods.
Apposition eyes are the most common form of eye, and are presumably the ancestral form of compound eye. They are found in all arthropod groups, although they may have evolved more than once within this phylum.
Some annelids and bivalves also have apposition eyes. They are also possessed by "Limulus", the horseshoe crab, and there are suggestions that other chelicerates developed their simple eyes by reduction from a compound starting point. (Some caterpillars appear to have evolved compound eyes from simple eyes in the opposite fashion.)
Eyes and functions.
Most arthropods have at least one of two types of eye: lateral compound eyes, and smaller median ocelli, which are simple eyes. When both are present, the two eye types are used in concert because each has its own advantage. Flying insects can remain level with either type of eye surgically removed, but the two types combine to give better performance. Ocelli can detect lower light levels, and have a faster response time, while compound eyes are better at detecting edges and are capable of forming images.
Genetic controls.
The head patterning is controlled by "orthodenticle", a homeobox gene which demarcates the segments from the top-middle of the head to the more lateral aspects. The ocelli are in an orthrodenticle-rich area, and the gene is not expressed by the time one gets as lateral as the compound eyes.
The gene "dachshund" is involved in the development of the compound eye.
Different opsins are used in the ocelli to the compound eyes.
Evolution.
Hexapods are currently thought to fall within the Crustacean crown group; while molecular work paved the way for this association, their eye morphology and development is also markedly similar. The eyes are strikingly different from the myriapods, which were traditionally considered to be a sister group to the hexapoda.
Both ocelli and compound eyes were probably present in the last common arthropod ancestor, and may be apomorphic with ocelli in other phyla, such as the annelids. Median ocelli are present in chelicerates and mandibulates; lateral ocelli are also present in chelicerates.
Origin.
No fossil organisms have been identified as similar to the last common ancestor of arthropods; hence the eyes possessed by the first arthropod remains a matter of conjecture. The largest clue into their appearance comes from the onychophorans: a stem group lineage that diverged soon before the first true arthropods. The eyes of these creatures are attached to the brain using nerves which enter into the centre of the brain, and there is only one area of the brain devoted to vision. This is similar to the wiring of the median ocelli (small simple eyes) possessed by many arthropods; the eyes also follow a similar pathway through the early development of organisms. This suggests that onychophoran eyes are derived from simple ocelli, and the absence of other eye structures implies that the ancestral arthropod lacked compound eyes, and only used median ocelli to sense light and dark. However, a conflicting view notes that compound eyes appeared in many early arthropods, including the trilobites and eurypterids, suggesting that the compound eye may have developed after the onychophoran and arthropod lineages split, but before the radiation of arthropods. This view is supported if a stem-arthropod position is supported for compound-eye bearing Cambrian organisms such as the Anomalocaridids. An alternative, however, is that compound eyes evolved multiple times among the arthropods.
There were probably only a single pair of ocelli in the arthropod concestor; Cambrian lobopod fossils display a single pair, and while many arthropods today have three, four, or even six, the lack of common pathway suggests that a pair is the most probable ancestral state. The crustaceans and insects mainly have three ocelli, suggesting that such a formation was present in "their" concestor.
It is deemed probable that the compound eye arose as a result of the 'duplication' of individual ocelli. In turn, the dispersal of compound eyes seems to have created large networks of seemingly independent eyes in some arthropods, such as the larvae of certain insects. In some other insects and myriapods, lateral ocelli appear to have arisen by the reduction of lateral compound eyes.
Trilobite eyes.
The eyes of trilobites came in three forms. The holochroal eye, the most common and most primitive, consisted of many small lenses, between 100-15000, covered by a single corneal membrane. This was the most ancient kind of eye. This eye morphology was found in the Cambrian trilobites (the earliest) and survived until the Permian extinction.
The more complex schizochroal eye was found only in one sub-order of trilobite, the Phacopina (Ordovician-Silurian). It has no modern counterpart. The eye has up to 700 larger lenses with individual sclera separating each lens. Each lens has a cornea. Schizochroal eyes developed from holochroal ones and were more powerful with overlapping visual fields. They were particularly useful for nocturnal vision and possibly for colour and depth analysis. The lenses of the eye were constructed from single calcite crystals. Early schizochroal eye designs were rather haphazard and irregular, though constrained by the geometrical requirements of packing identical sized lenses on a curved surface. Later designs used graduating lens sizes.
The third eye morphology of trilobites, called the abathochroal, was found only within the Eodiscina. This morphology consisted of up to 70 much smaller lenses. The cornea separated each lens, and the sclera on each lens terminated on top of each cornea. The eye morphology of trilobites is useful for determining their mode of life, and can function as palaeoenvironmental indicators.
Horseshoe crab.
The horseshoe crab has traditionally been used in investigations into the eye, because it has relatively large ommatidia with large nerve fibres (making them easy to experiment on). It also falls in the stem group of the chelicerates; its eyes are believed to represent the ancestral condition because they have changed so little over evolutionary time. Indeed the horseshoe crabs are often considered to be living fossils. Most other living chelicerates have lost their lateral compound eyes, evolving simple eyes in their place.
Horseshoe crabs have two large compound eyes on the sides of its head. An additional simple eye is positioned at the rear of each of these structures. In addition to these obvious structures, it also has two smaller ocelli situated in the middle-front of its carapace, which may superficially be mistaken for nostrils. A further simple eye is located beneath these, on the underside of the carapace. A further pair of simple eyes are positioned just in front of the mouth. The simple eyes are probably important during the embryonic or larval stages of the organism, with the compound eyes and median ocelli becoming the dominant sight organisms during adulthood. These ocelli are less complex, and probably less derived, than those of the mandibulata. Unlike the trilobites', the compound eyes of horseshoe crabs are triangular in shape; they also have a generative region at their base, but this elongates with time. Hence the one ommatidium at the apex of the triangle was the original "eye" of the larval organism, with subsequent rows added as the organism grew.
Insects and crustaceans.
These two groups are probably monophyletic; their eyes certainly develop in a very similar fashion. While most crustacean and insect larvae possess only simple median eyes, including the Bolwig's organ pit-eye of "Drosophila" and the naupliar eye of most crustaceans, several groups have larvae with compound lateral eyes. The compound eyes of adults develop in a separate region of the head from the larval median eye. New ommatidia are added in semicircular rows at the rear of the eye; during the first phase of growth, this leads to individual ommatidia being square, but later in development they become hexagonal. The hexagonal pattern will only become visible when the carapace of the stage with square eyes is molted.
Both crustaceans and insects can have stalked eyes on peduncles.
Myriapods.
Most myriapods bear stemmata - that is, single lensed eyes which evolved by the reduction of a compound eye. However, the genus "Scutigera" has secondarily re-evolved a compound eye composed of repeated stemmata. These appear to grow in rows which are inserted between existing rows of ocelli.

</doc>
<doc id="19730817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730817" title="Shiver (Jamie O'Neal album)">
Shiver (Jamie O'Neal album)

Shiver is the first country album by the country music artist Jamie O'Neal. Released on October 31, 2000, the album reached its peak of number 14 on the U.S. Top Country Albums chart and number 125 on the "Billboard" 200. It was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales of 500,000. The album was released through Mercury Nashville Records. Five singles were released from "Shiver", the first two ("There Is No Arizona" and "When I Think About Angels") managed to reach number 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. 
The album included a duet with the country singer Mark Wills, who also recorded for Mercury at the time. The track, "I'm Not Gonna Do Anything Without You", was released as a single for Wills, and reached number 31 on the country charts. The song is also available on Wills' studio album, "Loving Every Minute".
After the release of this album, O'Neal recorded a second album for Mercury, entitled "On My Way to You". Although its lead-off single peaked at number 34 in 2003, the album was not released and O'Neal exited Mercury. She then signed to Capitol Records Nashville to release her next album, "Brave" (2005).
Critical reception.
Rick Cohoon of Allmusic rated the album four stars out of five, praising O'Neal's voice and the first two singles, but said that the rest of the album "lacks the polish of the pros".
Personnel.
Strings arranged by Matthew McCauley.

</doc>
<doc id="19730829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730829" title="Nicole, Duchess of Lorraine">
Nicole, Duchess of Lorraine

Nicole de Lorraine (3 October 1608 – 2 February 1657) was Duchess of Lorraine and Bar from 1 August 1624 to 21 November 1625, and Duchess consort in 1625–1634. She was born in Nancy, the daughter of Henry II, Duke of Lorraine and Bar, and Margerita Gonzaga. She died in Paris.
Background.
Her father had no son and wanted to leave the Duchy of Lorraine to Nicole, but a supposed testament by René II of Lorraine specified that the duchy could not bypass the male lineage. After negotiations with the male heirs, she married Charles IV, Duke of Lorraine, the eldest son of Francis, Count of Vaudémont on 23 May 1621. They had no children.
Duchess of Lorraine.
His situation was complicated by the death of Henry II, 31 July 1624. She thereby became duchess of Lorraine. In November 1625, Francis, Count of Vaudémont, based on the "testament" of Rene II, claimed the duchy. The States-General of Lorraine felt it a legitimate request and Francis became Duke on 21 November 1625. Five days later, he abdicated in favor of his son, who became Duke Charles IV of Lorraine. The latter had managed to remove his wife's power and become Duke in his own right.
Duchess consort.
Married by dynastic interest, the gap between Nicole and her husband grew with the events of 1625. Wishing to leave his wife, Charles tried in 1631 to have his marriage annulled by passing the death penalty - without proof - for witchcraft on Melchior of the Valley, the priest who had performed their marriage ceremony. But that injustice was not corroborated by The Church and Charles IV remained officially married to Nicole.
In 1635, Charles took the opportunity to get rid of his wife's authority, the false pretext that he had not been free to choose at the time of his marriage but did not persuade the papacy to annul the marriage.
Nicole spent the last years of her life in Paris, where she died.

</doc>
<doc id="19730834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730834" title="Complete First National Band Recordings">
Complete First National Band Recordings

Complete First National Band Recordings (or simply Complete) is a compilation album by Michael Nesmith, released in 1993. It contains the albums Nesmith recorded with the First National Band in 1970 and 1971, "Magnetic South", "Loose Salute", and "Nevada Fighter" on a two-CD set. "Magnetic South" and "Loose Salute" are both on the first CD (minus "First National Rag") and "Nevada Fighter" is on the second CD. 
"Magnetic South" was previously reissued in 1999 as "16 Original Classics" with five bonus tracks. It was also reissued with "Loose Salute" on CD by BMG International in 2000. Both albums were remastered for this release. "Complete" does not include remastered tracks.
Track listing.
All songs written by Michael Nesmith except where otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19730835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730835" title="Bonebreaker">
Bonebreaker

Bonebreaker is a super villain in Marvel Comics. He first appeared in "Uncanny X-Men" #229 (May 1988) and was created by Chris Claremont and Marc Silvestri.
Fictional character biography.
Bonebreaker was the leader of the original Reavers, a gang of cyborgs living in a ghost town in Australia, who perpetrated robberies across the globe. Bonebreaker, as well as Pretty Boy and Skullbuster, avoided being sent through the Siege Perilous along with the other Reavers after being defeated by the X-Men.
Following their defeat, Bonebreaker sought out Donald Pierce and Lady Deathstrike to aid in rebuilding the Reavers and defeating the X-Men. At this point, Pierce took over Bonebreaker's role as the Reavers leader. The Reavers never ended up battling the X-Men but encountered Wolverine, beat him half to death, and crucified him.
After Wolverine escaped, the Reavers attacked Muir Island where they battled the Muir Island X-Men and Freedom Force, killing Sunder, Stonewall, and Destiny before being defeated. After the Muir island massacre, Bonebreaker and the other Reavers continued to attack various heroes and mutants such as Wolverine, Emma Frost's factories, Rogue, and the Punisher. When Pierce was creating Albert and Elsie-Dee as a trap for Wolverine, Bonebreaker accidentally gave Elsie-Dee the maximum artificial intelligence instead of that of a 5 year old. As a result Elsie-Dee and Albert decided that Wolverine was a noble person and foiled Pierce's plans.
As part of the Upstarts' competition, Trevor Fitzroy sent his Sentinel to attack Pierce and the Reavers. The Sentinels arrived in Australia and quickly dispatched the Reavers.
Bonebreaker was among the other Reavers reassembled by Pierce and the Shadow King, who attacked the X-treme X-Men. After being defeated again, the Reavers were handed over to the police.
Powers and abilities.
Like the other members of the Reavers, Bonebreaker is a cyborg and has bionic implants that augment strength, stamina, and reflexes beyond the levels of a normal human. 
Bonebreaker's legs have been replaced with a motorized chassis that drives on tank treads. It is outfitted with anti-aircraft weapons, missile launchers, and machine guns. Bonebreaker's upper torso can be removed from the chassis. 
Other versions.
Ultimate Marvel.
A version of Bonebreaker appeared in Ultimate Marvel as one of the cyborg-hunting mutants on Krakoa. He has a cybernetic snake-like body. He's one of the one Reavers to actually be named after his 616-counterpart.

</doc>
<doc id="19730836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730836" title="Asmai Heights">
Asmai Heights

The Asmai Heights are a mountain range within Kabul Province on the outskirts of Kabul City, Afghanistan. It is known colloquially as TV Hill due to the large TV mast at its summit. The heights are the site of an ancient fort. In December 1879 during the Second Afghan War the Asmai Heights were the site of a prolonged siege and battle where the British forces made up of the 9th Lancers and 5th Punjab Cavalry stormed Afghan tribesmen who had laid up in the fort. The Afghan forces fled and several British soldiers were awarded the Victoria Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="19730837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730837" title="2008 Zurich Open – Singles">
2008 Zurich Open – Singles

Justine Henin was the defending champion, but retired from the sport on May 14, 2008.
Venus Williams won in the final 7–6(1), 6–2, against Flavia Pennetta.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19730849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730849" title="So Good">
So Good

So Good may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19730858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730858" title="Awada">
Awada

Awada is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19730878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730878" title="Benelli MP 90 S World Cup 22LR">
Benelli MP 90 S World Cup 22LR

The Benelli MP 90 S World Cup .22 caliber is a precision target shooting pistol designed for the 25 metre pistol and 25 metre rapid fire pistol ISSF shooting events. It is manufactured by Benelli Armi SpA of Italy.
The entire Finnish military shooting team uses the MP90S.
Features.
Like all pistols designed for the 25 metre pistol and 25 metre rapid fire pistol events, it has fully adjustable sights, trigger and anatomically shaped grip. It employs a semi-automatic fixed barrel operation using the inertial, blow-back system. The feed is through sequential loading with a 6-round magazine. The caliber is the 22 LR.
The trigger action is single action and completely adjustable. The sights are of a square-section type, with fixed front sight and a rear sight with lateral and vertical adjustment. The sight radius is 218 mm (from rear to front sight).
The MP90S is constructed from tough materials, resistant to wear. The barrel is made of chrome-nickel alloy steel. The breech and bolt are constructed from chrome-molybdenum steel. The trigger guard is made of a special alloy of anodised ergal 55 aluminium, whilst the trigger mechanism is made from molybdenum chrome-nickel, heat treated and chromed.
Performance.
The following table shows the major results achieved by shooters using the Benelli MP90S cal. 22:

</doc>
<doc id="19730891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730891" title="Wayne Simmonds">
Wayne Simmonds

Wayne Simmonds (born August 26, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is known to his teammates by the nickname "Simmer" or "Wayne Train"
Playing career.
Simmonds grew up in Scarborough, Ontario, the third of four sons, in addition to one daughter, born to Cyril Simmonds and Wanda Mercury-Simmonds. Despite his proximity to the Toronto Maple Leafs, Simmonds has said that he grew up a fan primarily of the Detroit Red Wings. He is of Black Nova Scotian descent.
Simmonds spent the majority of his minor hockey career playing A and AA hockey in the east end of Toronto, including the Minor Midget Toronto Aces in 2003–04 season of the Greater Toronto Hockey League. After several GTHL AAA players graduated the following summer to junior hockey, Simmonds moved up to the AAA level for the first time with the Toronto Jr. Canadians Midgets of the Greater Toronto Hockey League in 2004–05.
After being scouted at the Telus Cup Regional Midget tournament in the spring of 2005, Mike McCourt noticed him and signed him for the following season with the Brockville Braves of the Central Junior A Hockey League for the 2005–06 season. McCourt was GM and Coach of the Braves and added Simmonds to his club.
Two years after being passed over in the OHL Draft, Simmonds was selected as an 18-year old by the Owen Sound Attack in the 6th round (114th overall) in the 2006 OHL Priority Selection.
He spent his major junior career playing two seasons in the Ontario Hockey League from 2006 until 2008, with the Owen Sound Attack and the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds. He also played for Team Canada at the 2008 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. While playing with the Jr. Canadiens, Simmonds became friends with Chris Stewart, another black player who went on to an NHL career. The two would later purchase a house together in Toronto, where they live during the off-season.
A right-handed shooter, Simmonds was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings in the second round of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, as the 61st overall pick. He was one of three rookies to make the team's roster for its 2008–09 season. On October 14, 2008, in his third career game, Simmonds scored his first career NHL goal by knocking a rebound past Jean-Sébastien Giguère of the Anaheim Ducks. During his rookie season, Simmonds became a favorite among L.A. fans for his strong work ethic on and off the ice, a trait he has said was instilled within him by his parents.
Entering his second NHL season, Simmonds was looking to increase his offensive production, having tied for the Kings' goal-scoring lead in pre-season play that year. He ultimately scored 40 points in the 2009-10 regular season, nearly doubling his point total of the previous season. Additionally, he led the team in +/- and saw substantive time as a member of the team's penalty killing unit. When the Kings unsuccessfully pursued a trade for superstar left wing Ilya Kovalchuk, then of the Atlanta Thrashers, shortly before that season's All-Star break, Simmonds was among the Kings' players whom Atlanta coveted in return.
He was traded to the Philadelphia Flyers, along with Brayden Schenn and a 2012 2nd round pick, for Mike Richards and Rob Bordson on June 23, 2011. As a restricted free agent he signed a two-year contract with an average salary of $1.75 million.
Simmonds achieved a Gordie Howe hat trick in a 5–2 loss to the New York Rangers at Wells Fargo Center on February 11, 2012. On March 30, 2012, against the Ottawa Senators, Flyers centre Brayden Schenn shot a puck which glanced off of Simmonds' forehead and into the net. Simmonds was credited with the goal.
On August 15, 2012 Philadelphia Flyers signed forward Wayne Simmonds to a six-year extension, with an annual average value of about $4 million.
On February 20, 2013 Wayne Simmonds recorded another Gordie Howe hat trick in a 6–5 win against the Pittsburgh Penguins at Consol Energy Center when he scored a goal and an assist and fought Tanner Glass. Later that same week, on February 23, 2013 Simmonds recorded yet another Gordie Howe hat trick in a 5–3 win against the Winnipeg Jets at Wells Fargo Center, fighting Chris Thorburn assisting on the Flyers first goal and scoring the game-winning goal.
Banana incident.
On September 22, 2011, during a preseason game in London, Ontario between the Detroit Red Wings and the Flyers, a banana was thrown onto the ice while Simmonds was making a shootout attempt. This was seen as an act of racism. The following day, NHL commissioner Gary Bettman released a statement regarding the events of the previous day. "We have millions of great fans who show tremendous respect for our players and for the game," said Bettman in the statement, "the obviously stupid and ignorant action by one individual is in no way representative of our fans or the people of London, Ontario". The suspect later plead guilty to engaging in a prohibited activity under the Trespass Act and was fined $200 but did not need to appear in court.
Racial chants.
During the 2012–13 NHL lockout Simmonds was playing with ETC Crimmitschau of the 2nd Bundesliga and HC Bílí Tygři Liberec of the Czech Extraliga. In a game between Liberec and Chomutov in the Czech Extraliga, fans began a chant of "opice", a term which roughly translates to "monkey", towards Simmonds, after his involvement in a fight. Shortly after the game, Chomutov issued an apology to Simmonds, and also announced the intent to identify the people involved and ban them from the venue. Eight of the offending fans were later identified and tried before a court. As a punishment, they were banned from visiting any sports matches for a year.

</doc>
<doc id="19730892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730892" title="1945–46 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1945–46 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1945–46 campaign was mainly played in the still active Wartime League, but the FA Cup was revived for the 1945–46 season in a two-leg format. Unfortunately, Town went out in Round 3 to Sheffield United.
Review.
It was the first and so far, only season in which a 2-leg system was used in the competition. Unfortunately, Town were out in Round 3 with a 1–1 draw at Leeds Road, followed by a 2–0 loss at Bramall Lane, which made them lose 3–1 on aggregate.

</doc>
<doc id="19730918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730918" title="Mysterious Incredible Terminator">
Mysterious Incredible Terminator

Mysterious Incredible Terminator (, aka "The Clue Collector") is a Taiwanese drama starring Aaron Yan, Gui Gui, Alien Huang and Christine Fan. It was produced by Three Giant Productions (三匠影視有限公司).
It was boardcasted on cable TV Gala Television (GTV) Variety Show/CH 28 (八大綜合台) from 8 November 2008 to 21 February 2009, every Saturdays at 22:30 to 00:00 and free-to-air Formosa TV (FTV) (民視) from 7 November 2008 to 20 February 2009, every Fridays at 22:10 - 23:40.
Synopsis.
The legend of the team Pi Li MIT secretly protecting Sheng Ying School was never publicly acknowledged but nonetheless spread wildly among the student body. But for some reason, the team was disbanded and evil began to wreak havoc in the school after years of peace. Students targeted are those who received an anonymous CD, containing a PC-game, from someone called Hei Gui (Black Ghost). The last remaining member of the secret team, Teacher Cherry, decides to recruit the best students, "007" (Zhan Shi De), "187" (Qian Fu Hao), "747" (Huang Hui Hong) and "Tian Mo Xing" (Li Xiao Xing), to form a new generation of Pi Li MIT to solve the crimes and restore the school to its former glory. The new generation of Pi Li MIT must not only find out who the "Black Ghost" is, but also work together and resolve their differences while unlocking the secrets of the school, the students, and themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="19730925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730925" title="Minnie and Moo">
Minnie and Moo

Minnie and Moo is a series of children's picture books by Denys Cazet. The series is about two cows that go on adventures. They are best friends and they live on a farm together. The books have been reviewed by major book reviewers such as Publishers Weekly, Kirkus Reviews, and Booklist.
Books.
On a dark and stormy night, something in the barn glows. The scared animals think that it's a monster, Frankenswine's monster. 
It's Valentine's Day and love is everywhere thanks to Minnie and Moo.
Minnie and Moo dress up in clothes and act human. They take off on a tractor, and they think that they are on the moon when it stops.
Minnie thinks that people can dance because they have thumbs so they get dressed up and dance all night.
On Thanksgiving morning, the turkeys are nervous so the cows send them to hide in a tall oak tree.
Moo thinks about the old days when heroes like Zorro ruled the land. The two dress up as masked men.
Minnie and Moo ride on a bed down the hill and they also go trick or treating.
Minnie hears the farmer say that he can't be the Easter bunny this year, so the cows try to find a substitute so that the grandchildren will be happy.
It's the farmer's birthday and the cows decide to get him a present. They knit a sweater, but Elvis the chicken gets knitted right into the sweater.
Minnie and Moo are surprised by a package delivering alien that has one eye and looks like an alien. His name is Spud. He needs a new spaceship and five gallons of "space fuel" so that he can make a delivery.
Moo thinks that she heard the farmer talk about selling the farm. She gets the help of Minnie to carry out a fund-raising scheme so that they can get donations from other animals.
Minnie and Moo go on a bus that they think is for a world tour, but it is really for the neighborhood.
Minnie and Moo try to get rid of "space invaders".
Minnie thinks that her jelly donut was stolen and Moo tries to catch the thief.
The farmer forgets where he hid his grandchildren's presents.
The cows dress up in clothes and go to the bank to ask for some money so that they can help out the farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19730930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730930" title="Graston Technique">
Graston Technique

Graston Technique (GT) is a trademarked therapeutic method for diagnosing and treating disorders of the skeletal muscles and related connective tissue. The method employs a collection of six stainless steel tools of particular shape and size, which are used by practitioners to palpate patients' bodies in order to detect and resolve adhesions in the muscles and tendons. Practitioners must be licensed by the parent corporation in order to use the Graston Technique trademark or the patented instruments.
Graston Techniques shamelessly copied from Gua Sha from Chinese Medicine and claim to be original who claimed that was "conceived by an athlete who suffered a debilitating knee injury while water skiing."
Several examples of Graston treatment have been tested in combat sports where scars and contusions are common. However, the Graston Technique has not been rigorously scientifically tested and its evidence basis and assumptions are considered questionable at best. There are currently no peer review papers available to validate the efficacy of the Graston Techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="19730948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730948" title="Leptaxis erubescens">
Leptaxis erubescens

Leptaxis erubescens is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.
Anatomy.
These snails create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.
The scanning electron microscope images shown are as follows: the upper image shows the lateral view of the dart, scale bar is 500 μm (0.5 mm). The lower image show the cross-section of the darts; the scale bar is 50 μm.

</doc>
<doc id="19730973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730973" title="Hunan University of Humanities, Science and Technology">
Hunan University of Humanities, Science and Technology

Hunan University of Humanities, Science and Technology （）(HUHST), established in 1978, is a state-owned provincial university of higher education approved by the Chinese Ministry of Education. It is located in Loudi, a newly built city in central Hunan province, China .
Library collections.
Hunan University of Humanities, Science and Technology's total collection amounts to more than 1,12 million items.
Campus and Facilities.
The university occupies an area coverage of about 700,000 m2 (1,050 Chinese acres), including 356,000 m2 constructed campus buildings.The collection in the library includes 800,000 books, over 1,400 Chinese and foreign periodicals, 140,000 e-books and 6 academic periodical databases.
Disciplines and Courses.
The university is divided into 16 faculties and 15 research centers. It offers undergraduate courses in the arts, sciences, technology, education, business, management, law, and agriculture. 
Staff and students.
Of its 892 staff members, there are 585 full-time teachers, including 1 Academician of Chinese Engineering Academy (the Honorary President of HUHST). There are 10,800 current full-time students, 5,000 part-time adult students and around 40,000 alumni.
Activities.
The university publishes "The Journal of Hunan University of Humanities, Science and Technology". It has academic relationships with foreign universities from the US, UK, Australia, Singapore and Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="19730978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19730978" title="Raoul Bossy">
Raoul Bossy

Raoul V. Bossy (1895–1975) was a Romanian diplomat.
Born in 1894 he pursued his university studies at the Sorbonne, in Paris, where he graduated as Licentiate in Law. He continued his studies at the Diplomatic Section of the École Libre des Sciences Politiques (Diplomatic Section), in Paris.
He started his career as diplomat in 1918, after the end of World War I, being private secretary of the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
His next assignment was Second Secretary of the Romanian legation in Rome (1921–23). In this interval he also was a member of the Romanian delegation to the League of Nations. Raoul Bossy was also member of the Romanian delegation to the Economical International Conference in Genoa (April 10-May 19, 1922) and Romanian Delegate to the International Agricultural Institute in Rome. In 1923 he was recalled and worked as political advisor at the Prime Minister’s Office under Ion I.C. Brătianu (1923–26). He then returned to Rome as first secretary of the Romanian legation (1926–27). During the minority of King Michael of Romania (1927–30) he was appointed secretary general of the Regency, returning to his diplomatic career as counsellor of Romanian legation in Vienna (1931–34).
In 1934 he was promoted minister plenipotentiary, being assigned to head the legations in Helsinki (1934–36), Budapest (1936–39), Rome (1939–40), Bern (1940–41) and Berlin (1941–43). 
In 1943 he resigned because of his disagreements with the policies of Ion Antonescu, being appointed Permanent Delegate and Chief Liaison Officer of the Romanian Red Cross to the International Committee of the Red Cross in Geneva, the League of Red Cross Societies, and the International Union for Child Welfare. 
Raoul Bossy was member of the 
Raoul Bossy has also lectured in Canada under the sponsorship of the Canadian Institute of International Affairs of Toronto.
Works.
On political relations between France and Romania.
t. 22 (1939-1940): 437-451. On south-eastern trends towards European federation.

</doc>
<doc id="19731003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731003" title="Harry Hayward">
Harry Hayward

Harry Hayward may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731009" title="Claude Françoise de Lorraine">
Claude Françoise de Lorraine

Claude de Lorraine (6 October 1612 – 2 August 1648) was a daughter of Henry II, Duke of Lorraine and Margerita Gonzaga, her sister was Nicole, Duchess of Lorraine. She is also known as "Claude Françoise de Lorraine", she married her first cousin and was the Duchess of Lorraine by marriage. Her maternal grandparents were, Vincenzo I Gonzaga and Eleonora de' Medici. Her paternal grandparents were Charles III, Duke of Lorraine and Claude of Valois.
Marriage.
She married her first cousin Nicholas II, Duke of Lorraine, at Lunéville on 18 February 1634 and had the following children: 
Claude Françoise died in Vienna aged 35 having given birth to twins Marie Anne and Anne Marie. She was buried at the Church of Saint-François-des-Cordeliers, Nancy, Lorraine.

</doc>
<doc id="19731033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731033" title="Ballyduff GAA (Kerry)">
Ballyduff GAA (Kerry)

Ballyduff G.A.A. is a Gaelic Athletic Association club in Ballyduff, Co Kerry, Ireland. The club fields both Hurling and Gaelic football teams. The club won the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final in 1891.
History.
All Ireland Champions.
Ballyduff won the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship in 1891. They beat Wexford side Crossabeg 2-04 to 1-05 in the final. They beat Limerick's Treaty Stone in the Munster Final by 1-02 to 1-01. The team was trained by James McDonnell. This is the only time that the title was won by a Kerry team.
All-Ireland Winning Team.
John Mahony, (Ballyduff) (Capt.); Maurice Fitzmaurice; (Ahabeg) Maurice Kelly, (Ahabeg) John Murphy, (Ahabeg) Jack O'Sullivan, (Ballyduff) Paddy Carr O'Carroll, (Ballyduff) Pat Wynne, (Ballyduff) Jim McDonnell, (Ballyduff) Michael O'Sullivan, (Ballyduff) James Crowley, (Ballyduff) Frank Crowley, (Ballyduff) Pat O'Rourke, (Kilmoyley) Thade Eugene McCarthy, (Kilmoyley) Thade Donal McCarthy, (Ardfert) Michael McCarthy, (Ardfert) Michael Riordan, (Ardfert) Richard Kissane, (Ballyduff) Pat Quane, (Kilmoyley) Jackeen Quane, (Kilmoyley) Michael Kirby, (Kilmoyley) Tom Dunne, (Ballyduff).
Subs: J Murphy, (Dromartin) Pat Flanagan, (Ballyduff) Willie O'Connell, (Ballinorig) James Pierce, (Rahela) was unable to travel.
Ballyduff have won the County Senior Championship more times than anyother team winning 21 times the last in 2006 when they beat Causeway by 1-16 to 1-11 in the final. That same year Ballyduff also won the North Kerry Senior Football Championship title in 2006, after defeating Listowel Emmets in the final for the second year in a row.
The Boys From Ballyduff.
This song was written by P.J. Sheehy on the occasion of the Ballyduff/Crossabeg All-Ireland Hurling final in 1891. Patrick Sheehy was grandfather of Sean Sheehy who won championship medals with Ballyduff in 1972 and 1973, and great-grandfather of Tomas O'Sullivan who won championship medals with Ballyduff in 1988 and 1989.
Just a mile or thereabouts,
From the lordly Shannon mouth,
There's a spot to which none other I'd compare;
It's a village, not a town,
Though her sons have gained renown,
For the Boys from Ballyduff are always there.
County championship-winning captains.
Senior
Minor

</doc>
<doc id="19731046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731046" title="Agortime-Kpetoe">
Agortime-Kpetoe

Agortime-Kpetoe (also known simply as Kpetoe) is a small town and is the capital of Adaklu-Anyigbe district, a district in the Volta Region of Ghana.
Geography.
Location.
Agortime-Kpetoe lies about 23 kilometres south east of Ho, the regional capital.

</doc>
<doc id="19731060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731060" title="Brave (Jamie O'Neal album)">
Brave (Jamie O'Neal album)

Brave is the second official studio album from Australian country singer Jamie O'Neal. It was her first release on the Capitol Records label, being issued on 1 March 2005 (see 2005 in country music). It followed an unreleased second album for Mercury Records, titled "On My Way to You", the title track of which carried over to "Brave". The album reached a peak of number 6 on the U.S. "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and number 40 on the "Billboard" 200.
Three singles were released from the album. All three charted in the Top 30 of the charts. "Trying to Find Atlantis" reached number 18, "Somebody's Hero" reached number 3, and "I Love My Life" reached number 26. After this album, O'Neal released a single titled "God Don't Make Mistakes" in 2007. This single failed to reach Top 40, however, and O'Neal exited Capitol as well.
All but two tracks on this album were produced by Keith Stegall, who also produced O'Neal's debut album. "Devil on the Left" and "Girlfriends" were co-produced by O'Neal and Rivers Rutherford.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.
Background vocals.
"Na na"s and hand claps on "Naïve" performed by Rodney Good, Tania Smith-Van Hoy, Tracy Broussard, Robby Emerson, Jeremy Deloach, Dana Good and Timothy Moore.
"Special guests" on track 11: Aliyah and Griffin Good.

</doc>
<doc id="19731062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731062" title="Ibsen (crater)">
Ibsen (crater)

Ibsen is a crater on Mercury. It is located near the antipode of Caloris Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="19731078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731078" title="Potten">
Potten

Potten can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731115" title="1981 South Australian Open – Singles">
1981 South Australian Open – Singles

Mark Edmondson won the title, defeating Brad Drewett 7–5, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19731120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731120" title="Ellsberg">
Ellsberg

Ellsberg is an American surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731127" title="Chilostoma glaciale">
Chilostoma glaciale

Chilostoma glaciale is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing, land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the true snails. 
Anatomy.
These snails create and use love darts.

</doc>
<doc id="19731152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731152" title="BS3">
BS3

BS3 or BS-3 may refer to :
and also a shortening for :

</doc>
<doc id="19731158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731158" title="FC Lokomotiv-2 Moscow">
FC Lokomotiv-2 Moscow

Lokomotiv-2 Moscow (, "FK Lokomotiv-2 Moskva") is a Russian association football club based in Moscow. The club was formed on February 13, 2008. Lokomotiv-2 Moscow acts as the farm club of Lokomotiv Moscow in fact it is the feeder team of Lokomotiv Moscow.
History.
The debut of Loko-2 in its first ever football league can be considered a success. Lokomotiv-2 Moscow competed in the Amateur Football League and overall they did pretty well. In fact they secured the bronze medals, that is the third place by beating Zenit Moscow on the final day in front of a sizeable crowd.
The squad of Lokomotiv-2 used to be made up of players from the youth teams and school of Lokomotiv Moscow. Also players who don't make it to the main team will be able to try their forces in Loko-2. The captain and as well leader of Loko-2 is Manuchekhr Dzhalilov, who was the best player throughout the whole season and finished as the best scorer of Lokomotiv-2 in all competitions, with 20 goals, 18 in the league and 2 in the cup.
Now Lokomotiv-2, which as of this season will be competing in the Second Division has a squad at its disposal which is made from a mixture of young and promising players from all over Russia, mainly from Lokomotiv youth and reserve squads, and experienced former international players such as former Lokomotiv duo Ruslan Nigmatullin and Yury Drozdov, and former Baltika Dmitry Lyapkin.
Lokomotiv reserves team competed in the Russian Second Division in 1992-1993, in the Russian Third Division in 1994-1997 (as FC Lokomotiv-d Moscow) and back in the Russian Second Division in 1998-2000 (as FC Lokomotiv-2 Moscow). Since 2001 that team plays in a separate reserves tournament for the Russian Premier League teams.
Squad.
As of February 27, 2014, according to the RFS website.
Stadium.
The club plays its home games at the MSA Lokomotiv stadium, situated a few metres away from the Lokomotiv stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="19731162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731162" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Ethiopia">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Ethiopia

The Ambassador of the United Kingdom to Ethiopia is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Addis Ababa.

</doc>
<doc id="19731231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731231" title="Gunnar Strømvad">
Gunnar Strømvad

Gunnar Strømvad (12 May 1908 – 6 December 1972) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 34 films between 1940 and 1971.
He was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19731236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731236" title="Chilostoma planospira">
Chilostoma planospira

Chilostoma planospira is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing, land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the true snails.
Anatomy.
These snails create and use love darts.
<br clear=left>
Taxonomy.
Subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="19731242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731242" title="Benelli MP 95E 22LR">
Benelli MP 95E 22LR

The Benelli MP 95E World Cup 22 cal Long Rifle is a precision target shooting pistol designed for the 25 metre pistol and 25 metre rapid fire pistol ISSF shooting events. It is manufactured by Benelli Armi SpA of Italy.
Features.
Like all pistols designed for the 25 metre pistol and 25 metre rapid fire pistol events, it has fully adjustable sights, trigger and anatomically shaped grip.

</doc>
<doc id="19731249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731249" title="Nove Stožice">
Nove Stožice

Nove Stožice, also known as the Bežigrad Neighbourhood Number 3 (BS3), is a living settlement in the Bežigrad District of Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Nove Stožice is located at the end of Vojko Street (), where is a turn-around point for the Ljubljana Passenger Transport bus number 20. On the left side, there is a settlement along the city highway. There is a world trade center building along Vienna Street (), the Austrian Trend 4 star hotel, a gas station and the Automobile Association of Slovenia headquarters. From Vienna Street to the Baraga Street closer to the city centre there is the Autocommerce building. The complex of buildings on the four main streets in Nove Stožice (Puh Street, Trebinj Street, Marolt Street and Rebolj Street) consist of 4-floor high apartment-buildings, designed by the architect Ilija Arnautović in 1976-1978 and a complex of two 20-floors high skyscrapers, designed by the same architect in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19731268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731268" title="Gathers">
Gathers

Gathers is an American surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731288" title="Middleton Hall, Stoney Middleton">
Middleton Hall, Stoney Middleton

Middleton Hall is a restored 17th-century country house at Stoney Middleton, Derbyshire. It is a Grade II listed building.
The house was built in the mid 17th century for Robert Ashton (who was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1665) whose son sold it to Edward Finney (High Sheriff) in 1690. Finney's daughter and, in 1790 his heir, married Joseph Denman MD of Bakewell, on whose death the property passed to his nephew Thomas Denman, who was Lord Chief Justice, 1832-50. see Baron Denman.
The house was let out to tenants 1817-1830 but Denman retook possession and altered and extended the house. The Denmans remained in ownership until the fifth Baron sold the estate in 1953. The house stood empty and neglected for almost twenty five years. In 1977 it was resold, the 19th century alterations and additions were largely demolished and the house was restored to its 16th century appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="19731305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731305" title="Uncial 099">
Uncial 099

Uncial 099 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 47 (Soden); is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, assigned paleographically to the 7th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Mark 16:6-8; shorter ending; 16:9-18, on one thick parchment leaf (32 by 26 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 32 lines per page, in large uncial letters.
It has two endings to the Gospel of Mark (as in codices Ψ 0112 274mg 579 Lectionary 1602).
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Kurt Aland placed it in Category III.
In Mark 16:14 it reads εγηγερμενον along with C3 D K L W Θ Π Ψ 099 700 1010 2174 Byz Lect.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th-century.
The codex is located now at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Copt. 129,8), in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19731341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731341" title="Veronica Rayne">
Veronica Rayne

Veronica Rayne (born November 29, 1976) is a retired American pornographic actress and star of the Fox Reality Channel TV show "My Bare Lady 2:Open For Business".
Biography.
While working in a night club (where she was the manager) she met Jack Vegas, who was the head of security.
Rayne started her adult entertainment career in 2005 when she had a chance meeting with industry legend Ron Jeremy while dancing in Boston.
On August 25, 2008 Rayne and Vegas opened a restaurant and lounge in Tarzana entitled Oxygen.
In November 2008, Rayne's starred in Fox Reality Channel TV show "My Bare Lady 2: Open For Business!" "My Bare Lady 2" featured Veronica in the cast of adult stars trying their hand at business ventures. The show’s season consisted of eight episodes.
Veronica will be making an appearance in an upcoming mainstream movie, Bob Gosse’s "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell". A short video clip of Rayne on the set can be found on The Star Factory’s YouTube page
She retired in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19731357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731357" title="South of the Clouds">
South of the Clouds

South of the Clouds is a 2004 Chinese film and the second film directed by the writer Zhu Wen. The film stands in stark contrast to Zhu's previous film. In terms of production, "South of the Clouds" received the cooperation of the state apparatus unlike 2001's "Seafood" which was an underground production shot on digital hand-held cameras. In terms of story, the transgressive tale of a prostitute and a policeman in "Seafood" is a far cry from "South of the Cloud"'s gentle tale of a retiree who fulfills a lifelong desire to travel to the southern province of Yunnan (literally "South of the Clouds"). 
"South of the Clouds" stars Li Xuejian as the main protagonist, Xu Daqin, and features a cameo by director Tian Zhuangzhuang as the police chief in a small town in Yunnan. It was produced by China Film Assist, an independent production company in China; "South of the Clouds" was the company's first production.
Background.
"South of the Clouds" was, at heart, an attempt by Zhu Wen to capture the image and beauty of Yunnan that he had experienced upon his first visit to the province. Beyond that, however, the film was an opportunity for Zhu to present his work to his home country. Following the completion of "Seafood", Zhu "wanted to make something that could show to [his parents and...friends in China. Unlike "Seafood", "South of the Clouds" did not encounter any issues with the state censors, in part because the film strictly followed all the relevant regulations. 
Awards and nominations.
"South of the Clouds" like many Chinese art films was screened at numerous film festivals around the world. It succeeded in winning a FIPRESCI prize and the Firebird Award for New Cinema at the 28th Hong Kong International Film Festival. The film also won a NETPAC award at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19731362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731362" title="BS4">
BS4

BS4 or BS-4 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19731377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731377" title="West Virginia Route 817">
West Virginia Route 817

West Virginia Route 817 follows the former path of U.S. Route 35 along the Kanawha River from St. Albans, West Virginia to near Fraziers Bottom, West Virginia and resumes again between near Southside to near Henderson. As such it is actually two separate roads, connected by the 12 mile "gap" in US 35, which will, when US 35 is finished, become WV 817 as well, making the eventual route of the road from St. Albans to Henderson. The route was first signed on October 10, 2008, the day when a new section of US 35 opened to replace this stretch of road. It was extended from Winfield to the current end of the four-lane US 35 near Fraziers Bottom on June 15, 2009 when the section of US 35 that replaced it was opened. The separate section was added on November 1, 2010, when another section of US 35 opened. While US 35 formerly ended at U.S. Route 60, its new path ends at Interstate 64.
History.
Prior to 1969, the route that is now WV 817 was numbered as the original West Virginia Route 17. Following the collapse of the Silver Bridge at Point Pleasant, a new bridge (the Silver Memorial Bridge) was built to carry U.S. Route 35 across the Ohio River. The new bridge was built slightly downstream, now south of the mouth of the Kanawha River. With the new location, West Virginia moved US 35 from the northern bank of the Kanawha River to southern bank, replacing old WV 17. The old path on the northern side of the Kanawha was numbered as West Virginia Route 62.
With its new designation at US 35, this highway became the primary travel route between Charleston and Point Pleasant, and continuing in to Ohio, Columbus and Dayton. Travel on the route continued to build, overwhelming the original 2-lane corridor. The state began planning to construct a replacement 4-lane route, but insufficient funding continually prevented the project. As the state looked to develop land near Buffalo, the old 2-lane US 35 and its slow access to Interstate 64 became a major issue, further increasing the need for a new highway.
When the new U.S. Route 35 highway was finally opened from Interstate 64 to West Virginia Route 34 on October 10, 2008, West Virginia Division of Highways renamed the old highway in its entirety as West Virginia Route 817. This number is in homage of the original West Virginia 17 that was on the route until 1969. When the next section was opened, the old US 35 became WV 817 as well. This number actually represents a change of plans from 2002, when WVDOH planned to keep US 35 on the route from Interstate 64 to U.S. Route 60.
Future.
It is expected that WV 817 will continue to be extended along the route of the current US 35 as more of its 4-lane replacement opens.

</doc>
<doc id="19731387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731387" title="Erik Paaske">
Erik Paaske

Erik Paaske (21 August 1933 – 13 June 1992) was a Danish singer and actor. He appeared in 30 films between 1962 and 1990.
He was born in Kolding, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19731414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731414" title="Stravinsky (crater)">
Stravinsky (crater)

Stravinsky is a crater on Mercury. It overlays the rim of the much older Vyasa crater.

</doc>
<doc id="19731419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731419" title="Benelli MP 95E 32 Wad Cutter">
Benelli MP 95E 32 Wad Cutter

The Benelli MP 95E 32 gauge Wad Cutter is a precision target shooting pistol designed for the 25 metre center-fire pistol ISSF shooting events. It is manufactured by Benelli Armi SpA of Italy.
Features.
Like all pistols designed for the 25 metre center-fire pistol event, it has fully adjustable sights, trigger and anatomically shaped grip.

</doc>
<doc id="19731425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731425" title="Efail Isaf">
Efail Isaf

Efail Isaf is a small village located to the south of Llantwit Fardre in south Wales and is located in the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf within the community of Llantwit Fardre. The former Barry Railway ran nearby. Efail Isaf has a village hall 
"Capel y Tabernacl" - Tabernacl Chapel is the only place of worship in the village. In 1970, its membership had dwindled to very small numbers and the members were considering the closure of the chapel. The chapel now has almost 200 regular attenders in the Welsh language congregation, the English language congregation numbering around 20. Over recent years, the chapel has become a focal point for a significant amount of fund raising for charities. In 2008, the members of the chapel decided to renovate the old vestry to turn it into a community facility that all could use. The project was completed in summer 2010, at a cost of around £450,000. 

</doc>
<doc id="19731427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731427" title="William of Blois">
William of Blois

William of Blois or William de Blois may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731444" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 28">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 28

The 28th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19731450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731450" title="América de Quito">
América de Quito

Club Deportivo América, commonly known as América de Quito, is a football club based in Quito, Ecuador. Once a top-level club in Ecuador that spent 22 season at that level, they have been relegated over the years to the country's third-level, Segunda Categoría; they lasted played in Ecuador's Serie A in 1988. Even though they have been regulated that far down, they are ranked 13 on Serie A's all-time list.
Achievements.
National
Statistics.
In Serie A (up to 2007)

</doc>
<doc id="19731453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731453" title="Doce (disambiguation)">
Doce (disambiguation)

Doce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731457" title="Dagoberto Gilb">
Dagoberto Gilb

Dagoberto Gilb is an American writer who writes extensively about the American Southwest.
Gilb was born in Los Angeles in 1950. He attended the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he earned both bachelor's and master's degrees. Gilb embarked on a career in construction, became a journeyman carpenter, and joined the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners in Los Angeles.
Background.
Gilb was born to a mother from Mexico who came across the border illegally, while his father was born in Kentucky. Gilb's parents were raised in Los Angeles from a young age—his mother in downtown L.A., his father in Boyle Heights. Both spoke Spanish. The two divorced when he was very young, and he was raised by his mother. His father worked for 49 years in an industrial laundry, where he became the floor supervisor. His mother was a model in her early years, then became a dental assistant, until she remarried two more times.[http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2000/03/13/2000_03_13_042_TNY_LIBRY_000020389]
Gilb began working at thirteen as a sheet shaker, then found jobs as a janitor and a factory shipping clerk. After high school, he went to several community colleges, working full-time as a paper cutter and as a stockboy in a major department store. He finally transferred to the University of California, Santa Barbara. He graduated in 1974 with a double major in Philosophy and Religious Studies, remaining there until he also received M.A. in Religious Studies in 1976.
From 1976-79 Gilb worked in many areas of the construction trades to make his living, as a laborer, stonemason, and carpenter. A new father, by 1979 he had joined the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America, and he worked as a journeyman until 1992. Though he did all facets of carpentry work, his main employment was as class-A high-rise.
Writing career.
In 1977, while completing a never-published novel, Gilb was working on a three-story addition to the museum at the University of Texas at El Paso when he learned of the writer Raymond Carver, who was teaching across the campus street and was only at the beginning of his national acclaim. Because of Carver's prominence, Gilb turned to short stories, and he began publishing in 1982. The first bound work of his own was a chapbook-sized collection, "Winners on the Pass Line" (1985), also the first by El Paso's Cinco Puntos Press. His first full book of stories (35 had been published in magazines by then) was "The Magic of Blood" (1993), with the University of New Mexico Press. The stories are populated by working men, Mexican American, who live in the Southwest. It won the 1994 PEN/Hemingway Foundation Award, the Jesse Jones Texas Institute of Letters Award, and was a PEN Faulkner finalist.
More books followed, all published in New York by Grove Press: a novel, "The Last Known Residence of Mickey Acuña" (1994), about a drifter living at a financial border as a resident of a YMCA on the El Paso border; a collection of short fiction, "Woodcuts of Women" (2001), stories of men obsessed with women; a collection of nonfiction essays, "Gritos" (2003), a finalist for the National Book Critics' Circle Award, collecting Gilb's nonfiction essays as a construction worker, a writer, a teacher, and a parent; an anthology, "Hecho en Tejas" (2006), winner of the PEN Southwest Book Award, now the canonical work of record for Mexican American literature in Texas; and the novel "The Flowers" (2008), an urban survival tale of a Chicano becoming a man in a city on the verge of a white-and-black race riot. "Before the End, After the Beginning" (2011) is his latest collection of short fiction. As an after effect of a stroke Gilb suffered in 2009, the book is a meditation on the transitory, on impermanence, on "unseen" people, themes and characters Gilb has always dwelled on, now heightened.
In "Gritos," the collection of mostly autobiographical essays, Gilb locates both his place and his work in American letters, and by doing so, claims space for Chicanos in American life and culture. Gilb labels his narrative approach “first-person stupid,” but critics praise its candor, depth, and clarity (despite or maybe because of the author’s rejection of heavy-handed commentary). The essays are parable-like: “fool stories” that express learned wisdom.
Gilb has also worked on a few movies and documentaries and spent several years writing commentaries which aired on the NPR show "Fresh Air". In 1997, he accepted a job teaching in the MFA program at Southwest Texas State University, now Texas State University. In September 2009, Gilb joined the faculty of the University of Houston–Victoria as a Writer-in-Residence and Executive Director of Centro Victoria: Center for Mexican American Literature and Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19731468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731468" title="Eobania vermiculata">
Eobania vermiculata

Eobania vermiculata also known as Helix vermiculata, common name the "chocolate-band snail" is a species of large, air-breathing, land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the true snails or typical snails.
"Eobania vermiculata" is the type species of the genus "Eobania".
Distribution.
This species of large land snail is common in the Mediterranean area and it ranges from eastern Spain to the Crimea:
Nonindigenous distribution of "Eobania vermiculata" include:
This species is already established in the USA, and is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.
Description.
The color of the shell is very variable, whitish to greenish yellow, often with colour bands or spots. Lower side is frequently with two brown bands and whitish between lowest band and umbilicus. The shell has 4-4.5 whorls. The last whorl is descending abruptly below periphery. The apertural margin is white, reflected in adult shells, in juveniles only at columellar side. The umbilicus is narrow and open in juveniles, partly covered by the reflected columellar margin, completely closed in adult shells.
The width of the shell is 22–32 mm. The height of the shell is 14–24 mm.
In northern Greece variation seems to be lower than in southern Greece (Gávdos island: 24.5-33.5 mm in diameter of adult shells, average 28–29 mm, with no local variations in shell size).
Juveniles differ from "Theba pisana" (with likewise umbilicus) by the larger size of the apex.
Ecology.
"Eobania vermiculata" live in a broad variety of habitats, usually in dry vegetation, mainly in coastal vicinity, also in agricultural crops. It is very common in Crete, the species lives on practically every small island in the south Aegean.
In northern Greece copulation takes place after the first rainfalls in autumn. These snails create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior. Around 70 eggs per snail are laid 20 days later. The size of the egg is 4.1 × 3 mm. Juveniles hatch shortly after and grow about 12–13 mm in diameter per year for 2 years (growth is usually restricted to February to June in northern Greece, in Crete this period ends already in May). Maturity is reached after 2 years when the diameter reaches 25 mm, the umbilicus becomes closed and the apertural margin becomes reflected. Snails reach 29–30 mm diameter in May/June of the second year in northern Greece (in April in Crete), reaching a maximum diameter (33 mm) may take 5 years or more, but mortality increases greatly after 2 years.
About 20% of the snails in a population survive to lay eggs in the 3rd year, 5% of the snails lay eggs again in the 4th year. The mortality rates decrease with age. The animals hibernate (in northern Greece) or aestivate (in Crete), but juveniles and adults show differences in their behaviour. Adults dig into the soil and build an epiphragm, while juveniles search protected places under stones or leaves of low plants.
Human use.
The species is commercialized and exported from Greece to France, which led Lazaridou-Dimitriadou & Kattoulas (1981) to propose restrictions for size and seasons of collection.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19731475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731475" title="BS5">
BS5

BS5 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19731496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731496" title="Caryodidae">
Caryodidae

Caryodidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Acavoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family is endemic to eastern Australia.
This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family was previously treated as a subfamily of the family Acavidae.
Genera.
The family Caryodidae has no subfamilies.
Genera and species within this family include:

</doc>
<doc id="19731499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731499" title="Dorcasiidae">
Dorcasiidae

Dorcasiidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Acavoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Dorcasiidae has no subfamilies.
Distribution.
Found in southern Africa.
Genera.
Genera within the family Dorcasiidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19731500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731500" title="Macrocyclidae">
Macrocyclidae

Macrocyclidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Acavoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
The family Macrocyclidae has no subfamilies.
Genera within the family Macrocyclidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19731503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731503" title="Megomphicidae">
Megomphicidae

Megomphicidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Acavoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
The family Megomphicidae has no subfamilies.
Genera within the family Megomphicidae include: [http://www.itis.gov/servlet/SingleRpt/SingleRpt?search_topic=TSN&search_value=566904]

</doc>
<doc id="19731504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731504" title="Live Year 2004">
Live Year 2004

Live Year 2004 is the third Live DVD released by the Japanese band Do As Infinity. The DVD contains concerts which were held at Dallas (2004.06.04), New York (2004.06.07), Hibiya Kokaido (2004.9.23), Osaka Yagai Ongakudo (2004.09.26) and Shibuya (2004.09.29).
Tracklist.
Recorded on 2004.06.04　Dallas / 2004.06.07　New York: 
Recorded on 2004/9/23 Hibiya Kokaido / 2004.09.26 Osaka Yagai Ongakudo: 
Recorded on 2004.09.29　DUO MUSIC EXCHANGE: 

</doc>
<doc id="19731506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731506" title="Lee Grant (disambiguation)">
Lee Grant (disambiguation)

Lee Grant is an actress.
Lee Grant may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731518" title="Alma Zack">
Alma Zack

Alma Zack (, born 21 November 1970) is an Israeli actress.
Biography.
Zack was born in Tel Aviv, Israel, in 1970 and grew up in Ramat Aviv. Her father is pianist Yonatan Zack and her mother is Adi Etzion, an actress and singer. She has a twin brother, Yoram, and an older brother, Dudi. She attended the Herzliya Hebrew High School and served in the Israel Defense Forces as a psychotechnician. After her service, she studied acting at the Tel Aviv University, where her father taught music. She then worked as a flight attendant in El Al for a year. She played in a series and was an understudy in a play in the Gesher Theater.
In 2002, she had a role in the film "The Wisdom of the Pretzel". She was auditioning for a program on Channel 1 when she was discovered by the editor of "Eretz Nehederet", and joined the cast. In 2005 she joined the cast of "Betipul", for which she shared the Israeli Television Award for best actress with Assi Levy (also for "Betipul") in 2008. She also starred in the series "I Didn't Promise You" and "Until the Wedding", and had a guest appearance on "Mesudarim". In 2006 she sang on a Teapacks album.
In 2011 she played Ayelet in the Israeli television show "Yellow Peppers".
Her partner is actor Alon Neumann.

</doc>
<doc id="19731529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731529" title="Court of appeal (Norway)">
Court of appeal (Norway)

The court of appeal (, lit. ‘lawman's court’) is the second level of courts of justice in Norway, reviewing criminal and civil cases appealed from the district courts. There are six courts of appeal, each covering a jurisdiction and based in a city. Each court is led by a senior judge president ("lagman") and several appellate judges ("lagdommer"). The courts are administrated by the Norwegian National Courts Administration. Decisions from civil and criminal matters, except the question of guilt, can be appealed from the courts of appeal to the Supreme Court.
Criminal cases.
In criminal cases where the crime is punishable by no more than six years in prison, the court consists of three professional judges and four lay judges; all seven have equal votes in the decisions. In order to convict, five of the seven judges must vote for conviction. Even if the bench is reduced because of a recusal, the requirement for five guilty votes remains, as was the case in the trial of Atle Torbjørn Karlsvik, who was acquitted after four judges voted to convict, while two voted to acquit.
Lay judges are members of the public without legal qualifications, that are appointed for periods of four years by the city and county councils. When a jury is appointed, fourteen regular and two deputy members are called, with the prosecution and defense able to remove up to two members.
In criminal cases where more than six years of prison can be handed down, the court will have a jury of ten people deciding the guilt, as well as three professional judges who preside over the case and determine sentencing. In order to convict, at least seven of the jury members need to vote for conviction. The verdict of the jury is usually final, but can be overturned by the professional judges who then order a retrial. This happened in the NOKAS robbery case.
The jury system has been under criticism because no reason is given for the verdict, and it has been proposed replacing it with a bench of three professional judges and six lay judges. A majority in parliament support replacing the jury system, with Venstre the only party clearly in favor of keeping it. The Supreme Court of Norway are also considering whether the jury system is in violation of a verdict from the European Court of Human Rights which found the Belgian system a violation of human rights. The reason was the possibility of being acquitted with a stated reason in a district court, and then convicted without any stated reason in the appellate court.
The chief prosecutor in Norway, Tor-Aksel Busch has been critical of the jury system, and pointed out the large number of acquittals in rape cases as a problem, since the acquittals are often based on victim blaming and sympathy with the defendant.
Proponents of the jury system argue that it is the best way to keep the public's involvement in the court process and protect against wrongful convictions, and out of the hands of the judges. Defense attorneys like Sigurd Klomsæt and Frode Sulland have defended the jury system. Sulland argued that pointing to the acquittal rate in rape cases as an argument to abolish the jury, is tantamount to lowering the burden of proof.
Civil cases.
In civil cases, the court will consists of three judicial judges, though two or four lay judges may be appointed in certain cases.
Courts.
There are six courts of appeal:
History.
The court system in Norway dates back to about 950, when the things were created as assembly of the great farmers to set laws and convict people of breaching them. These main things were Borgarting, Eidsivating, Gulating and Frostating, but many smaller ones existed, and courts could be raised in any, or even multiple things, creating a fog of legal doubt in cases of disagreements. From about 1300 King Håkon V allowed cases to be appealed directly to the king, for final decision. District courts were establish transitionally from the old things to "bygdeting", consisting of six or twelve lay judges ("lagrettemann") appointed by the king. In 1539, with the removal of the Norwegian "Riksråd", a system of "herredag" was introduced each ten, later three, years. It acted as court of appeal for peasants, and first instance for the nobility. These things met in Oslo, Skien, Stavanger, Bergen and Trondheim; from 1625 only in Oslo and Bergen.
A system of courts with instances, so a case could be appealed, was introduced in 1607. At first there were fourt levels of court. The district courts remained, but cases could be appealed to appeal judges ("lagmann"). Further they could be appealed to the "herredag", and at last to the king. In 1661, with the introduction of the absolute monarchy, a supreme court was created in Copenhagen, allowing a single and final decision to be made by one court. The following year the district courts were supplemented with the city courts, creating another level under the courts of appeal. The courts of appeal lated until 1797, when they were removed.
In 1797 four high courts ("overrett") were created, replacing the courts of appeal. These were located in Christiania (Oslo), Bergen, Kristiansand and Throndhjem. In 1890 they were reorganized and reduced to only three courts, with Kristiansand losing its seat. The courts of appeal lated until 1797, when they were removed. At the same time the courts of appeal were reintroduced, and divided into five constitutions. 
The high courts remained until 1936, but were limited to only written procedure, while only oral procedure was permitted in the courts of appeal. In addition, the two levels had non-compatible jurisdictions, creating confusion and an unnecessary complexity. With the new system, the court of appeal became the second level for all civil cases, and lesser criminal cases, while they became the first level for serious criminal charges. This was changed in 1995 when all matters were to be handled by the district courts first. At the same time, the Eidsivating Court of Appeal was split in two, with Oppland, Hedmark and northern Akershus being administrated from Hamar and taking the name, while the Oslo office took the new name Borgarting. 

</doc>
<doc id="19731530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731530" title="Primate research center">
Primate research center

Primate research center may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731534" title="Portalegre Castle">
Portalegre Castle

The Portalegre Castle is a Portuguese castle in Portalegre.
It stands out over the older part of the town because of its imposing location over a higher area and because of the contrast between its dark walls and the prevailing whitewashed houses. It served chiefly as a defence of the frontier zone in front of Castile.
History.
The earliest historical references date from the reign of Dom Afonso III of Portugal, the king who conceded the first charter to Portalegre in 1259, which gave it the status of "vila" (town) and made it the capital of a new autonomous municipality.
Starting in 1290, Afonso III's son, the king D. Dinis, reinforced the castle and built the city walls, motivated by the increasing need of defending the frontier and the increased importance of the town.
D. Dinis would attack the fortifications he had ordered to be built in 1299, in the course of a dispute for the ownership of Portalegre between him and his brother Afonso of Portugal, Lord of Portalegre, who also claimed the Portuguese throne.
In the 16th century the city walls and the castle, namely the keep, were reinforced.
In course of the Portuguese Restoration War, the defences of the town were renewed and reinforced again, between 1641 e 1646. They were not effective enough to avoid that the town was occupied in 1704 by French and Spanish troops during the War of the Spanish Succession.
In the Peninsular War there were combats in 1808 against the Napoleonic troops stationed in Portalegre, an event that may have triggered that the French general Louis Henri Loison imposed a heavy tribute to the town.
The castle was listed as a National monument in 1922, but only it was only in the 1960s that any serious restoration works were carried out. In the late 1990s there were more restoration works. In 1999 the "Núcleo Museológico do Castelo", a small museum, was founded. It displays weaponry from the 15th century to the World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="19731535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731535" title="Strophocheilidae">
Strophocheilidae

Strophocheilidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Acavoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Fossil record.
The genus "Eoborus" is the family's oldest fossil record, dating from the Middle Paleocene of Brazil (Itaboraí Basin) and Uruguay (Santa Lucía Basin).
Genera.
The family Strophocheilidae consists of two subfamilies and genera including:
subfamily Strophocheilinae Pilsbry, 1902
subfamily Megalobuliminae Leme, 1973

</doc>
<doc id="19731556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731556" title="Lotte Tarp">
Lotte Tarp

Lotte Tarp (14 February 1945 – 24 October 2002) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 27 films between 1962 and 1990.
She was born in Århus, Denmark and died in Copenhagen, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19731568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731568" title="Granny Grace">
Granny Grace

The Granny Grace Mysteries, from author Patricia C. Hughes, is a series of comical mystery short stories published in "Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine" in the late 1990s. They followed the ghostly capers of Dallas McGee, a young corporate secretary from Houston, who becomes haunted by her Great-Granny Grace—a ghost who appears to her as a young and flamboyant 1920s flapper. Grace died just as Dallas' sister Savannah was supposed to marry into the powerful St. James family—and she refuses to "cross over" until Dallas investigates a long series of St. James murders dating back to the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="19731593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731593" title="Bogi Løkin">
Bogi Løkin

Bogi Løkin is a Faroese footballer who plays for Faroese club ÍF Fuglafjørður, where his brother Karl Løkin also plays. Bogi Løkin is the son of former Faroese international midfielder Abraham Løkin, who is the former coach of ÍF Fuglafjørður.
Bogi Løkin began his career at NSÍ Runavík and made over 100 appearances for the club before he turned 21. In 2010 he joined BK Frem midway through the Danish season. At the end of the season he choose to go back to the Faroe Islands for summer 2010.
He has plays for the Faroe Islands national team and he has scored one goal.
He scored an international goal for the Faroe Islands on 11 October 2008 in their 1-1 draw against Austria in a qualifying match for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19731604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731604" title="2007 Detroit Shock season">
2007 Detroit Shock season

The 2007 WNBA season was the 10th for the Detroit Shock. The Shock qualified for the WNBA Finals for the second consecutive year, losing to the Phoenix Mercury in 5 games. 
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; FG = Field Goals; MIN= Minutes; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="19731614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731614" title="Chlamydephoridae">
Chlamydephoridae

Chlamydephoridae is a family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Rhytidoidea.
Taxonomy.
The family Chlamydephoridae has no subfamilies.
This is a monogeneric family, with one known genus. [http://books.google.com/books?id=bjAh_Gszsy8C&pg=PA316&lpg=PA316&dq=chlamydephoridae&source=bl&ots=UylS1dcsD8&sig=ACGgxS_zRtUXyqe-Xep8i9LGl7A&hl=en&ei=lGfvSpvOB82vlAe5ydj_BA&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=5&ved=0CBIQ6AEwBA#v=onepage&q=chlamydephoridae&f=false]
Description.
"Chlamydephorus" slugs have an internal vestigial shell. The pallial organs are located at the posterior end of the elongated body and embedded under the dorsal integument. The elongation of the buccal mass varies greatly among the different species of the family and this is reflected in the size of the radula and the number of teeth. In all species the jaw is absent.The largest specimens of these slugs are up to 120 mm long.
Biology.
These slugs are believed to be mostly subterranean dwellers. Gut analysis of one species found both plant and animal matter, indicating that they are facultative predators who will also eat vegetation. They have been recorded as eating pill millipedes, snails, other arthropods and soft-bodied invertebrates such as earthworms. The prey is subdued by injecting a toxin into its flesh.
Distribution.
Species of "Chlamydephorus" occur across southern Africa; they are most commonly found in the Natal region of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19731618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731618" title="BS7">
BS7

BS7 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19731622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731622" title="Scolodontidae">
Scolodontidae

Scolodontidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonategastropod mollusks in the superfamily Rhytidoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Taxonomy.
The family Scolodontidae consists of the following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera.
Genera within the family Scolodontidae include:
Scolodontinae
Tamayoinae
? subfamily

</doc>
<doc id="19731647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731647" title="The EP (Frank n Dank album)">
The EP (Frank n Dank album)

The EP is Frank N Dank's fourth album. The album's production is entirely handled by Dutch producers such as I.N.T., Kid Sublime, Wouda, Y’skid and Elsas. The only single of the album is "Clap Hands".

</doc>
<doc id="19731649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731649" title="Oleacinidae">
Oleacinidae

Oleacinidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Anatomy.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 26 and 30 (according to the values in this table).
Taxonomy.
2005 taxonomy.
The Oleacinidae family is classified within the informal group Sigmurethra, itself belonging to the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Oleacinidae consists of the following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
2010 taxonomy.
Thompson (2010) have redefined subfamilies in Spiraxidae and have moved Euglandininae and Streptostylinae as subfamilies of Spiraxidae.
Genera.
Genera in the family Oleacinidae include:
subfamily Oleacininae
subfamily Varicellinae

</doc>
<doc id="19731657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731657" title="Spiraxidae">
Spiraxidae

Spiraxidae is a family of predatory air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropods in the superfamily Testacelloidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
The distribution of this family is Neotropical.
Taxonomy.
2005 taxonomy.
The Spiraxidae family is classified within the informal group Sigmurethra, itself belonging to the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Spiraxidae consists of the following subfamilies:
2010 taxonomy.
Thompson (2010) redefined subfamilies in the Spiraxidae, moving Euglandininae and Streptostylinae to become subfamilies of Spiraxidae. According to their work, there are three subfamilies within the Spiraxidae:
Apparently this system of classification is not universally accepted, as Fauna Europaea uses different systematics for the subfamily Euglandininae, still placing it within the family Oleacinidae.
Genera.
Genera in the family Spiraxidae include:
Subfamily Spiraxinae include seven genera:
Subfamily Euglandininae
Subfamily Streptostylinae
Ecology.
These land snails are carnivorous and predatory.

</doc>
<doc id="19731662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731662" title="Yashino, Leningrad Oblast">
Yashino, Leningrad Oblast

Yashino () is a rural locality (a settlement) in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Karelian Isthmus.
Before the Winter War and during the Continuation War, it was the center of the Vahviala municipality in the Viipuri Province of Finland. Its name was changed in 1948 from Vahviala to Yashino.

</doc>
<doc id="19731670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731670" title="Knud Hilding">
Knud Hilding

Knud Hilding (21 November 1921 – 14 September 1975) was a Danish film actor. 
Hilding was born in Copenhagen on 21 November 1921.
After graduating from the Frederiksberg Theatre School, Hilding was then employed at the Aarhus Theatre and appeared in several Copenhagen theatres after that. For a while he appeared as Pierrot in Pantomime Theatre in Tivoli. OnTV he appeared in the series "Huset på Christianshavn" and "Livsens ondskab", amongst others.
He appeared in 29 films between 1955 and 1975.
Hilding was married to actress Rinden Anne Grete Hilding. He is buried at the Bispebjerg Cemetery in Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="19731673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731673" title="Carteret Community College">
Carteret Community College

Carteret Community College is a community college in Morehead City, North Carolina, USA. It was founded in 1963 and serves residents of Carteret County, North Carolina

</doc>
<doc id="19731692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731692" title="Optimal Energy Joule">
Optimal Energy Joule

Joule was an electric five seat passenger car by Optimal Energy, a South African company based in Cape Town. According to the company, it was to have a nominal driving range of 150 km and a top speed of 135 km/h. Designed to achieve a Euro NCAP 4 star safety rating, it complied with the stringent EU standards. It was never released commercially; production ceased in April 2012, and in June 2012 Optimal Energy announced its intention to close down.
Unveiling.
The Joule was first unveiled to the general public at the 2008 Paris Motor Show on October 2, 2008. It underwent some interior and exterior changes, most notably the change from a six-seater to a 5-seater vehicle, before being revealed to the public at the 2010 Geneva Motor show on 2 March 2010 in a form that was close to the final version.
Optimal Energy.
The Joule was the first electric car to be produced by Optimal Energy, the Cape Town based company has been working on the concept since 2004. The design of the car was done by Jaguar car designer Keith Helfet, who is best known for the XJ220, and the F-type concept car. The Joule showed the same 'flowing lines' as his previous designs.
Kobus Meiring, Optimal Energy CEO, suggested that sustainability of the Internal Combustion Engine vehicle has fuelled increasing need for sustainable vehicle propulsion systems. This, as well as increasing fuel prices and rising country taxes, caused Optimal Energy to embark on the production of a vehicle that could meet these needs.
Investment to date.
Funding was primarily through government investments, in particular, the South African Department of Science & Technology (DST) through the Innovation Fund, as well as other private investments. The Innovation Fund invested about US$5 million in the project. The Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) of South Africa is a major shareholder, with 22% of equity in Optimal Energy.
Class.
The Joule was classed as a five seat passenger car.
Closure.
A small pilot fleet of Joules was manufactured in conjunction with Hi-Tech Automotive in Port Elizabeth during 2010. The car was expected to be sold in South Africa as well as Europe from 2014, but production ceased in April 2012 after Optimal Energy failed to find a commercial partner. Optimal Energy announced its intention to close down in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19731704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731704" title="Michael Fredman">
Michael Fredman

Michael Lawrence Fredman is a professor at the Computer Science Department at Rutgers University, United States. He got his Ph.D. degree from Stanford University in 1972 under the supervision of Donald Knuth. He was a member of the mathematics department at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1974 to 1976. and of the Computer Science and Engineering department at the University of California, San Diego until 1992. Among his contributions to computer science are the development of the Fibonacci heap in a joint work with Robert Tarjan, the transdichotomous model of integer computing with Dan Willard, and the proof of a lower bound showing that is the optimal time for solving Klee's measure problem in a joint work with Bruce Weide.

</doc>
<doc id="19731715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731715" title="The F.D.R. Project (album)">
The F.D.R. Project (album)

The F.D.R. Project (also known as "The For Da Record Project") is an album by Frank N Dank and hip hop producer, Young RJ. This album is included on Frank N Dank and J Dilla's European Vacation CD/DVD.
The first single of the album is "Puff Puff Pass". The song was dedicated to their longtime friend, J Dilla.

</doc>
<doc id="19731724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731724" title="Ambush from Ten Sides">
Ambush from Ten Sides

Ambush from Ten Sides () is a classical piece written for the pipa. "Ambush" is written in the "Wu" or martial style, and is about the circumstances of which General Xiang Yu in 202 BC was defeated by Liu Bang. This is the same subject matter as "The King Doffs His Armor" (霸王卸甲), but is written from a different perspective.
"Ambush from Ten Sides" is considered a masterpiece in Chinese classical music. The difficulty of the piece ensures that it can be played almost exclusively by virtuosos.
Theme.
This is a famous Chinese classical lute music whose composition describes the decisive battle in 202 B.C. at Gaixia (southeast of today's Linbi County, Anhui Province) between the two armies of Chu and Han. This piece gives an overall view of the battle, while "The King Doffs His Armor" focused on Xiang Yu and his defeat. "Ambush from Ten Sides" provides a vivid depiction, in the form of musical narrative, of the fierce and stirring scenes of the battle and the desolate and solemn scenes of the defeated Xiang Yu, and ends with the triumph of the victor. A wide variety of performance techniques of "pipa" are brought into full play in this piece that produce a majestic and passionate narrative which is sharp in artistic image, exalting in melody, and ultimately thrilling.
Origin.
An early treatment of this theme was a piece called "Chu Han" (楚漢) from the late Ming/early Qing period, described in a work by Wang Youding (王猷定, 1598-1662), "Sizhao Tangji" (四照堂集). It was noted as a particularly outstanding virtuoso performance by Tang Yingceng (湯應曾), and it is possible that this piece is an early version of "Ambush from Ten Sides".
The actual piece of music with the title "Ambush from Ten Sides" first appeared in 1818 in the collection of lute music scores "Nanbei Erpai Miben Pipapu Zhenzhuan" (南北二派祕本琵琶譜真傳) compiled by Hua Qiuping from Wuxi. Later there were a variety of different versions in circulation, varying in section divisions but consistent basically in musical content.
Structure.
Ambush from All Sides adopts the form of large-scale traditional Chinese formula-based music. The currently popular music piece consists of a number of short sections, each with a generalized title. Different versions exist, and they may not all share the same sections.
The beginning sections of the music focus on the description of the mighty and grand battle array of the Han Army. The music in these sections is high-spirited and powerful, accompanied by the sounds of drums and horns. The beat of drums quickened gradually to create a tense explosive atmosphere before the breakout of the full-scale battles. Then comes the main body of the music, which is changeable and rapid. The techniques of flipping, sweeping, circular fingering, wringing, rolling, and halting are employed to represent the furious battle between the armies of Chu and Han. The later sections of the music depict Xiang Yu's suicide at Wujiang River after his defeat. The melodies are mournful, solemn and stirring, bring out a strong artistic image of Xiang Yu, the desolation and sadness contrasts sharply with the triumphant climax for the victor. 
Today Ambush from All Sides still remains one of the most popular lute music pieces in all kinds of concerts in China.

</doc>
<doc id="19731729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731729" title="BS11">
BS11

BS11 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19731733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731733" title="Little Derek">
Little Derek

Little Derek was the second single to be released by UK hip hop artist Sway DaSafo from his debut album "This Is My Demo". Released on 16 January 2006 on 12" and 7" vinyl and CD, it featured the British female rapper Baby Blue. The single charted at #38.

</doc>
<doc id="19731757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731757" title="Lunascape">
Lunascape

Lunascape is a web browser developed by Lunascape Corporation in Tokyo, Japan. It is unusual in that it contains three rendering engines: Gecko (used in Mozilla Firefox), WebKit (used in Apple's Safari and Google Chrome), and Trident (used in Microsoft Internet Explorer). This feature is common only to the Avant web browser. The user can switch between layout engines seamlessly.
Lunascape is available for Windows and Android platforms, as well as for iPad and iPhone.
History.
Lunascape was released in October 2001 while the founders were in college. As the browser became popular, Hidekazu Kondo established Lunascape Corporation in August 2004, while pursuing a PhD and became the CEO. Lunascape was selected as "Exploratory Software Project" commissioned by Japanese government.
The company branched out to the United States in as of June 2008 was based in Sunnyvale, California. 
Lunascape internationally introduced its browser in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19731766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731766" title="2006 Detroit Shock season">
2006 Detroit Shock season

The 2006 WNBA season was the 9th for the Detroit Shock. The Shock won the WNBA Finals for the second time in franchise history. 
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; FG = Field Goals; MIN= Minutes; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="19731767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731767" title="Hardy Rafn">
Hardy Rafn

Hardy Rafn (17 September 1930 – 23 January 1997) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 34 films between 1956 and 1997.
He was born in Slagelse, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19731783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731783" title="Carlos Roberto de Carvalho">
Carlos Roberto de Carvalho

Carlos Roberto de Carvalho, also known as Carlos Roberto (born 1 May 1948 in Rio de Janeiro), is a former footballer and current Brazilian manager who played in the 1960s and 1970s. He played in the midfielder position.
Career.
Player.
Carlos Roberto was a long-time player for Botafogo, which tied Quarentinha and Manga, with 442 games. Between 1967 and 1975, he scored 15 goals. He was twice champion of the Torneio Rio-São Paulo and Campeonato Carioca with Botafogo, in 1967 and 1968. He won the Taça Brasil of 1968.
He was first selected for the Brazil national football team at the age of 21. Although he was not selected to the squad for the 1970 FIFA World Cup finals, he was part of manager Zagallo's build-up to the finals.
After Botafogo, he played for Santos, Atlético Paranaense, Bangu and CSA, where he finished his playing career.
Trainer.
Carlos became the trainer for Al-Thai of Saudi Arabia. It was his first experience in the Middle East and he was very successful. He returned to Brazil to train America-MG. His international experience continued when he went to Asia to command the Thailand national team.
He returned to Saudi Arabia to train Al Shabab FC (Riyadh) . Back in Minas Gerais he trained time to command Rio Branco. Then he went for the third time to Saudi Arabia, to train Al-Ansar SC and later Al Shabab FC (Riyadh).
Next he became manager for Alvinegro. Moving again, he worked in the Arab Emirates. On 4 March 2007, Carlos Robert became the manager of America Football Club (RJ). In 2008 he commanded the Madureira in the Carioca Championship, having left the position to work in the exterior.
Carlos took charge of Thailand Premier League side Bangkok Glass in June 2009 as a technical director and in 2010 as a head coach.
He took the head coaching job for Muangthong United after René Desaeyere in January 2011. However, his Muangthong United lost on penalties to Indonesia’s Sriwijaya in the 2011 AFC Champions League qualifying play-off, eliminating them from the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19731787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731787" title="Kanye (Igbo name)">
Kanye (Igbo name)

Kanye is an Igbo name meaning ""Let's give"" or to give honor, tribute. The name is usually a shorter version of another name e.g. Kanyechukwuekele (let's give God praise) etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19731802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731802" title="Bibs Ekkel">
Bibs Ekkel

Bibs Ekkel (born 11 January 1946 in Brighton) is one of few exponents of the balalaika outside Russia. 
Bibs is of a mixed Polish-English background. His career as a professional balalaika player has covered concerts, cabaret, recordings, films and innumerable radio and T.V. appearances throughout Europe and North America. It has earned him recognition too in the balalaika's Motherland, where he has performed on radio and TV as well as at Moscow's prestigious "Hall of Columns" and "Tchaikovsky Hall". 
He has lectured on Russian folk music at American Universities, co-authored a BBC radio educational series on the subject and worked as Russian music adviser for several BBC TV productions. He has also had Russian or Polish speaking roles in a variety of movies. 
In addition to his activities as a soloist, Ekkel runs a highly successful Russian music and dance ensemble, "Tziganka", which has toured internationally since 1975, an instrumental quartet "Balalaika Potpourri" (started by him in Vancouver in 1989, soon after his move there from London) and the duo "Russian Tornado", specifically aimed at school concerts. Some of his many recordings have been issued by "Russkiy Disk" Moscow, CBS Israel, and "Decca" in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19731804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731804" title="Egg of Columbus (tangram puzzle)">
Egg of Columbus (tangram puzzle)

The Egg of Columbus (Ei Des Columbus in German) is a puzzle consisting of a flat egg-like shape divided into 9 pieces by straight cuts. The goal of the puzzle is to rearrange the pieces so as to form other specific shapes, as in a tangram. 
The earliest known examples were produced by Richter, a German toy manufacturer. Production ceased in 1963, but restarted near the start of the 21st century.

</doc>
<doc id="19731809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731809" title="Martinescu">
Martinescu

Martinescu is a Romanian surname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731826" title="Cynthia H. Milligan">
Cynthia H. Milligan

Cynthia Hardin Milligan is a director of Wells Fargo & Company and a former dean of the College of Business Administration at the University of Nebraska at Lincoln.
Milligan received her BA degree in French from the University of Kansas and her JD degree from the George Washington University National Law Center. She first practiced law with a large Washington, D.C., law firm before becoming a senior partner in a law firm in Lincoln, Nebraska, in 1981.
In her law career she has served as an adjunct professor at Georgetown University Law College and an adjunct professor at the University of Nebraska College of Law with emphasis in the areas of taxation and banking law. Milligan also served as director of banking and finance for the State of Nebraska.
From 1991 to 1998 she was president and chief executive officer of Cynthia Milligan & Associates, a consulting firm for financial institutions located in Lincoln, Nebraska.
In 1992 she was elected a director of Norwest Bank, and upon the merger with Wells Fargo & Company in 1998 she became a director of Wells Fargo. She was also elected a director of infoUSA in 2000 and Raven Industries in 2001.
Milligan was named the eighth dean of the College of Business Administration of the University of Nebraska at Lincoln in 1998. She served until the summer of 2010.
Besides her academic position, Milligan is currently a director of Wells Fargo & Company, San Francisco, California; the Gallup Organization, Omaha, Nebraska, and Princeton, New Jersey; Calvert investment funds, Bethesda, Maryland; and the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, Battle Creek, Michigan.
She and her husband, Robert S. Milligan, a businessman, are the parents of five children. Milligan is the daughter of former Secretary of Agriculture, Clifford M. Hardin, and sister of Nancy H. Rogers.

</doc>
<doc id="19731827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731827" title="Kulevi oil terminal">
Kulevi oil terminal

The Kulevi oil terminal is an oil port on the eastern Black Sea coast in Georgia. The terminal is located in Khobi District, close to the populated area of the village Kulevi, formerly Redoubt Kali, and from the coastal area between rivers Tsiva and Khobistskali.
Construction.
The Kulevi Oil Terminal project was originally authorised by president Shevardnadze's decree on September 8, 1999. Subsequently, the construction began near the village of Kulevi by Terminal 2000 Ltd, a partnership created between Argomar Oil Ltd and Georgian Railway. In late 2002 though, the project was put on hold, due to environmental concerns and insufficient funds. Construction resumed in September 2004 under an international consortium of investors led by a Georgian business tycoon Badri Patarkatsishvili. Two years later Badri Patarkatsishvili sold his stake in Kulevi Terminal, then still under construction, to the State Oil Company of Azerbaijan (SOCAR) for an undisclosed sum of money.
The terminal was complete by November 2007 and was officially opened on 16 May 2008.
Description.
Kulevi Oil Terminal incorporates three piers, a canal for tankers, a mobile service fleet of 9 vessels, and a laboratory for oil and refined products testing. The terminal has a tank park with overall storage capacity of with the prospect of increase up to . For loading operations there are two berths for receiving tankers with tonnage up to 100,000 tonnes. Loading performance is from 1,000 to 8,000 m3/h. The terminal has its own railway station, where 180 oil tank cars can be placed for discharging. The trestles make possible the simultaneous discharge of 168 oil tank cars, through four railway branches.
The terminal has annual processing capacity of 10 million tonnes of crude oil and refined products. SOCAR plans to increase the capacity of the terminal to 20 million tonness per year. That would make Kulevi the largest oil terminal in South Caucasus.
Ownership.
The Kulevi oil terminal is owned and operated by the Black Sea Terminal Ltd., a subsidiary of the State Oil Company of Azerbaijan Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19731834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731834" title="Commander Kidor">
Commander Kidor

General Brigadier Kidor is a fictional character from the telenovela "Os Mutantes - Caminhos do Coração". He is an alien high-class officer from the Reptilian Army.
Personality.
Kidor like all other reptilians is an individualist and selfishly acts according to his own desires and is prone to betray any human ally except his own kind. He is perplexed by humankind's emotional attachments and loyalties to loved ones.
Outline.
Kidor appear as Juli's guest at her lab in the Arraial Island leading an army to devastate Aghartha kingdom. When the League of the Well tried to save Mary Mayer he ordered his men to kill the intruders however they have underestimated their powers for believing to attack at great numbers. Kidor engaged in hand to hand combat with Aristotle who wind up winning by kicking Kidor in his cubes. Kidor becomes very upset over the victory of the League of Well and now is planning an invasion of the Agartha Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19731837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731837" title="Structural Adjustment Participatory Review International Network">
Structural Adjustment Participatory Review International Network

The Structural Adjustment Participatory Review International Network (SAPRIN), based in Washington, D.C., United States and launched by the World Bank and its former president, James Wolfensohn in 1997, is a coalition of civil society organizations, their governments and the World Bank researching about structural adjustment programs and exploring new policies implemented by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank in developing countries.
The last SAPRI report was published in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19731848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731848" title="Solveig Sundborg">
Solveig Sundborg

Solveig Sundborg (14 March 1910 – 22 July 2002) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 23 films between 1932 and 1994.
She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19731855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731855" title="1867–68 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season">
1867–68 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season

The 1867–68 Season was Sheffield Wednesday F.C.'s first season after being formed on September 5, 1867. For this first season of their existence “The Wednesday” as they were called played their home matches on an open field known as “high field” in the present Highfields area of Sheffield. The actual location of the ground was on Upper Colver Road which no longer exists but was situated on the present day site of the Highfields Library which stands near the junction of London Road and Abbeydale Road.
First ever fixture at Dronfield.
There was a gap of over three months between the formation of the club and The Wednesday’s first ever recorded fixture on December 31, 1867 against the newly formed Dronfield F.C. at Dronfield. There is no recorded reason as to why it took so long for Wednesday to play their first match although it can be speculated that arrangements for a home ground and trial matches took place in this period. What was decided by the committee during this time was that the club would play in blue and white colours.
The match at Dronfield took place on one of the fields of local farmer Samuel Baggaley. No records of the team line ups exist today but it is thought that The Wednesday’s first captain John Marsh participated in the game. Games in this first season were played under Sheffield Rules which included “rouges”, a sort of supplementary goal which were scored by getting the ball through a four yard area each side of the main goal posts. Wednesday won their first game at Dronfield by one goal to four rouges, Wednesday scored after 10 minutes, although the goalscorer has not gone down in the records of the club. Dronfield scored their four rouges in the second half but Wednesday won the match as a goal was worth any amount of rouges.
Cromwell Cup victory.
Wednesday entered their first significant tournament in early 1868 when they took part in the Cromwell Cup, a knock out competition for four clubs. All the clubs invited to take part by Oliver Cromwell, stage-manager of the Theatre Royal in Sheffield, had been formed for less than two years. Wednesday defeated Exchange 4–0 at the Mackenzie Ground on February 1 in their first match to qualify for the final. A week later Garrick beat Wellington by a “rouge” to nil at Norfolk Park to set up a Wednesday v Garrick final on February 15, 1868 at Bramall Lane.
The Cromwell Cup final was the first match that Wednesday played in that an admittance fee was charged. A crowd of around 600 assembled at Bramall Lane for the final with Garrick winning the toss and electing to play with a strong wind at their back. Garrick had the better of the play in the first half and hit the post after ten minutes, however it was goal-less at half time. The second half was more evenly contested with Garrick having some dangerous attacking moments but Wednesday skipper John Marsh along with Denton and Whelan played well in defence to keep the score at 0–0 at full-time. Jenkinson, Broomhead and Alf Wood also had good games for Wednesday. It was decided to keep playing extra time until one of the teams scored. After ten minutes of extra time Wednesday scored when Whelan passed to Wood who played the ball into the goal mouth which resulted in a general melee. A Garrick defender hit the ball high into the air and when it dropped it hit somebody on the shoulder and went into the goal.
Wednesday skipper John Marsh was carried from the pitch by jubilant supporters although it was not until March 16 that he was presented with the cup by Oliver Cromwell at the Theatre Royal on the occasion of his benefit night. After the presentation of the cup the Wednesday players adjourned to the nearby Adelphi Hotel, where landlord Harry Sampson kept his promise and filled the cup with champagne.

</doc>
<doc id="19731857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731857" title="Tramway de Saint-Romain-de-Colbosc">
Tramway de Saint-Romain-de-Colbosc

The Tramway de Saint-Romain-de-Colbosc was a tramway system serving the city of Saint-Romain-de-Colbosc, France. 
Inaugurated in 1896, the network suffered from financial difficulties following World War I and was definitely closed in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="19731859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731859" title="Heinrich Karl Beyrich">
Heinrich Karl Beyrich

Heinrich Karl Beyrich (22 March 1796 – 15 September 1834) was a German botanist who was a native of Wernigerode.
He studied botany at the University of Göttingen, and in 1819 performed botanical excursions throughout northern and eastern Italy. In 1822-23 he went on an expedition to Brazil on behalf of the Prussian government to collect flora for Pfaueninsel and the Neu-Schönberger Botanical Garden. In September 1834, while on an expedition through North America, he became ill and died at Fort Gibson, located in the present-day state of Oklahoma.
He has numerous plant species named after him, including "Centaurium beyrichii", also known as the "mountain pink", and "Galeandra beyrichii" (Beyrich's helmet orchid).

</doc>
<doc id="19731862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731862" title="In My Lifetime">
In My Lifetime

In My Lifetime may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731871" title="2003 Detroit Shock season">
2003 Detroit Shock season

The 2003 WNBA season was the 6th for the Detroit Shock. The Shock won the WNBA Finals for the first time in franchise history. This season was better known as, "From Worst To First".
Offseason.
WNBA Draft.
Cheryl Ford (daughter of NBA great Karl Malone) helped the Detroit Shock win a WNBA Championship in her first season.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; FG = Field Goals; MIN= Minutes; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="19731880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731880" title="Geneviève Brame">
Geneviève Brame

Geneviève Brame is a French author who writes in Paris and Normandy. She lives with her husband in the former residence of the Comtesse de Ségur. 
She is the author of the popular "Living & Working in France" books published by Kogan Page and "Chez Vous en France" published by La Documentation française. 
Her children's book series "Pays d’enfance" includes the titles "Chez toi en France" under the Hachette Jeunesse imprint, as well as "Chez toi en Europe" and "Chez toi en Normandie" among others. She is also the creator of the francophile site AsapFrance.info in conjunction with the Diplomatic missions of France and the French embassies in Brussels, London and The Hague.
In 2003 she received an "Ordre national du Mérite", which is an Order of State awarded by the President of the French Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19731888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731888" title="William Sawelson">
William Sawelson

William Sawelson (August 5, 1895 – October 26, 1918) was a sergeant in the U.S. Army during World War I. He received the Medal of Honor for valor in combat. The medal was posthumously presented to his father Jacob L. Sawelson at Governors Island.
He is buried at the Meuse-Argonne American Cemetery and Memorial east of the village of Romagne-sous-Montfaucon.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation: 

</doc>
<doc id="19731896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731896" title="Arnica fulgens">
Arnica fulgens

Arnica fulgens is a species of arnica known by the common names foothill arnica and hillside arnica. It is native to western North America, where it grows in open, grassy areas. 
It is a perennial herb growing from a short, tough rhizome and producing one or more hairy, glandular, mostly naked stems to heights between 10 and 60 centimeters. The leaves are mainly located around the base of the plant. They are broadly lance-shaped to oval-shaped and have tufts of woolly fibers in their axils. They are up to 12 centimeters long, and there may be a few much shorter ones further up the stem. 
The inflorescence holds usually one, but sometimes 2 or 3, daisylike flower heads lined in hairy phyllaries. Each head has a center of glandular golden disc florets lined with golden ray florets which are 1 to 3 centimeters long. The fruit is an achene with a hairy body half a centimeter long and a light-colored pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19731900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731900" title="Maria Chudnovsky">
Maria Chudnovsky

Maria Chudnovsky (born January 6, 1977) is an Israeli-American mathematician. She is a 2012 MacArthur Fellow.
Biography.
Chudnovsky is a professor in the departments of mathematics and of industrial engineering and operations research at Columbia University. She grew up in Russia and Israel, studying at the Technion, and received her Ph.D. in 2003 from Princeton University under the supervision of Paul Seymour. She moved to Columbia after being a Clay Mathematics Institute research fellow and assistant professor at Princeton.
She is a citizen of Israel and a permanent resident of the USA.
Research.
Chudnovsky's contributions to graph theory include the proof of the strong perfect graph theorem (with Robertson, Seymour, and Thomas) characterizing perfect graphs as being exactly the graphs with no odd induced cycles of length at least 5 or their complements. Other highly cited research contributions of Chudnovsky include co-authorship of the first polynomial time algorithm for recognizing perfect graphs (degree 9), and of a structural characterization of the claw-free graphs.
Awards and honors.
In 2004 Chudnovsky was named one of the “Brilliant 10” by Popular Science magazine. Her work on the strong perfect graph theorem won for her and her co-authors the 2009 Fulkerson Prize.
In 2012 she was awarded a "genius award" under the MacArthur Fellows Program.

</doc>
<doc id="19731905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731905" title="Lauritz Galtung">
Lauritz Galtung

Lauritz Galtung (c. 1615-1661) was a Norwegian nobleman of the Galtung-family who was educated in the military, and became Admiral of the Dano-Norwegian joint fleet. He was employed Seignory over Lister len in 1658.
Biography.
Lauritz Galtung was born at the family farm of Torsnes in Hardanger. He is the first in the family to have been called "the younger Galtung-family", as he used Galtung rather than the earlier "Galte". His father, Lauritz Johannessen Galte, was one of the biggest landowners in Hardanger. The tax-census of 1647 shows that he owned 32 farms or farmparts in Hardanger, 13 in Sunnhordaland, and 6 in Voss.
Family.
He was first married to Danish noblewoman Clara Gere of Bjørnstrup; however she died in 1647, only a few months after the marriage. In 1650 he got married again, to another Danish noblewoman, Barbara Grabow. Barbara and Lauritz eventually got six children, the first four born in Bjørnstrup, Scania, and the last two born at Huseby, Farsund after moving to Norway in 1658 (as a result of the Danish loss of Scania by the terms of the Treaty of Roskilde).

</doc>
<doc id="19731909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731909" title="Summer Gigs 1976">
Summer Gigs 1976

The Summer Gigs of 1976 was a short tour by Queen, consisting of four gigs. This was before A Day at the Races was released.
Trivia.
This would be the last tour in which Mercury would sport long hair and his trademark black nail polish.

</doc>
