<doc id="19456523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456523" title="Zamiast burzy">
Zamiast burzy

Zamiast burzy is the third album from Pidżama Porno. It was a maxisingle released in 1994. It contains four tracks recorded in Studio CZAD in Swarzedz.

</doc>
<doc id="19456530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456530" title="Festering Season">
Festering Season

The Festering Season is a graphic novel created by Kevin Tinsley with artist Tim Smith 3. It was published as a first-run graphic novel by Stickman Graphics in 2002.
Plot.
After the owner of an East Village botanicas is killed in a bizarre police shooting, her daughter, Rene Duboise is summoned back to New York from Haiti, interrupting her Vodou training. Upon her return, Rene realizes that she is being watched and that there is something more sinister going on in the city.
At the same time, Paul Whythe, a cultural anthropology professor at New York University is asked to consult with the NYPD’s Cult Related Task Force on dead body unearthed in Brooklyn Heights. He recognizes the ritualized nature of the burial to be related to the religion of Palo, but becomes suspicious of the East Village shooting’s relationship with the similar religion of Vodou.
Rene realizes that a drug smuggler by the name of Gangleos is behind a series of ritualistic crimes, including her mother’s death, after a confrontation with Isabelle Desanto, whose brother had also been murdered after seeking counsel with Rene’s mother. After a meeting with Paul shortly thereafter, Rene is able to piece together a far greater threat being orchestrated against the entire city. However the extent and purpose of which remain a mystery until near the end of the story.
Influences.
"The Festering Season" is an extremely polemical story that is particularly critical of the Giuliani administration and highly politicized police procederes that were implemented during his tenure in office. It was described “no light read,” “highly original” and “socially conscious” in reviews and even received an extensive write up in the "New York Times".
In the afterword of the graphic novel, Tinsley cites numerous incidents and news reports on police brutality, racial profiling, weakened constitutional rights and Vodou curses that influenced and inspired his story. There are footnotes throughout the afterword that reference numerous "Village Voice" articles and, interestingly, an article from the "New York Post" that was emblazoned with a front page headline that read: "Black Magic Woman".
Art Style.
Tim Smith’s art is heavily influenced by Japanese Manga, but is reproduced from his original pencils, occasionally appearing rough, and revealing sketchy construction lines. Photographic backgrounds of actual locations are used often throughout the book to varying degrees of success.
The coloring is notable in that utilizes a two-color printing process that was originally used during the early 1900s. Tinsley stated in an interview that "The Festering Season" was begun using a grayscale palette, but that he felt it was lacking impact. At this time he “remembered an old art history lesson about Norman Rockwell’s” early work on the "Saturday Evening Post" which was reproduced in two-color. Tinsley has gone on to use this same process on subsequent graphic novels.
References.
"Comics Buyer's Guide" #1499, by Maggie Thompson, August 9, 2002
"Comic World News", posted 03/07/03 @ www.comicworldnews.com by Scott Woods

</doc>
<doc id="19456533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456533" title="Minimum distance estimation">
Minimum distance estimation

Minimum distance estimation (MDE) is a statistical method for fitting a mathematical model to data, usually the empirical distribution.
Definition.
Let formula_1 be an independent and identically distributed (iid) random sample from a population with distribution formula_2 and formula_3.
Let formula_4 be the empirical distribution function based on the sample.
Let formula_5 be an estimator for formula_6. Then formula_7 is an estimator for formula_8.
Let formula_9 be a functional returning some measure of "distance" between the two arguments. The functional formula_10 is also called the criterion function.
If there exists a formula_11 such that formula_12, then formula_5 is called the minimum distance estimate of formula_6.
Statistics used in estimation.
Most theoretical studies of minimum distance estimation, and most applications, make use of "distance" measures which underlie already-established goodness of fit tests: the test statistic used in one of these tests is used as the distance measure to be minimised. Below are some examples of statistical tests that have been used for minimum distance estimation.
Chi-square criterion.
The chi-square test uses as its criterion the sum, over predefined groups, of the squared difference between the increases of the empirical distribution and the estimated distribution, weighted by the increase in the estimate for that group.
Cramér–von Mises criterion.
The Cramér–von Mises criterion uses the integral of the squared difference between the empirical and the estimated distribution functions .
Kolmogorov–Smirnov criterion.
The Kolmogorov–Smirnov test uses the supremum of the absolute difference between the empirical and the estimated distribution functions .
Anderson–Darling criterion.
The Anderson–Darling test is similar to the Cramér–von Mises criterion except that the integral is of a weighted version of the squared difference, where the weighting relates the variance of the empirical distribution function .
Theoretical results.
The theory of minimum distance estimation is related to that for the asymptotic distribution of the corresponding statistical goodness of fit tests. Often the cases of the Cramér–von Mises criterion, the Kolmogorov–Smirnov test and the Anderson–Darling test are treated simultaneously by treating them as special cases of a more general formulation of a distance measure. Examples of the theoretical results that are available are: consistency of the parameter estimates; the asymptotic covariance matrices of the parameter estimates.

</doc>
<doc id="19456558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456558" title="Maulds Meaburn">
Maulds Meaburn

Maulds Meaburn is a village in Cumbria. It is located in the Lyvennet Valley and is 13 miles from Penrith. Its origins are connected with the nearby village Kings Meaburn.
Lankaber is a group of farms which is part of Maulds Meaburn It isn't a hamlet in its own right. 
History.
The name Maulds Meaburn goes back to the 12th century. The King at the time, Henry II, gave part of the lands of Meaburn to Sir Hugh de Morville, and the other part to his sister, Maud de Veteripont. Sir Hugh eventually fell out of favour with the King, after which the King reclaimed Sir Hugh’s section of the land, and this area from here on became known as Kings Meaburn. The land that belonged to Maud was and to this day (September 2008) is called Maulds Meaburn.
The village changed hands over the years and after it was owned by the Veteriponts it passed to the families of Frauncey and then Vernon.
Geography.
The village is situated on either side of the Lyvennet Beck. Maulds Meaburn is part of the Crosby Ravensworth Parish.

</doc>
<doc id="19456567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456567" title="Earls Colne railway station">
Earls Colne railway station

Earls Colne railway station was located in Earls Colne, Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="19456569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456569" title="John Helmer">
John Helmer

John Helmer (born 1956) is a musician and part-time writer best known for contributing lyrics for Marillion.
With The Piranhas.
From 1977 to 1981, "Johnny" Helmer was a guitarist and vocalist in the Brighton-based ska punk band The Piranhas, best known for their 1980 top ten hit "Tom Hark". Helmer formed The Piranhas with 'Boring' Bob Grover while attending Sussex University, where he obtained a degree in English Literature. After The Piranhas split in 1981, Helmer formed a "cabaret busking group" called Pookiesnackenburger with Nick Dwyer, formerly with Nicky and the Dots. They had a Spinal Tap-like series on Channel Four TV and also appeared in a Heineken commercial. Pookiesnackenburger finally evolved into the dance troupe Stomp. Helmer and Grover reformed the band in 2010 as The Piranhas 3D, with a new rhythm section.
With Marillion.
After the departure of Fish (1988), whose complex lyrics had been a signature feature of Marillion's music, the band was uncertain whether any successor would be able to write lyrics on a similar level. EMI put them in touch with Helmer at this point. They eventually found Steve Hogarth, who already had experience in writing lyrics for his previous project How We Live. Still, Helmer went on to contribute to Marillion albums over the next decade. He also wrote most lyrics for Carnival of Souls, a 1996 album by Marillion guitarist Steve Rothery's side project The Wishing Tree. After a gap of over ten years, Marillion's 2012 album Sounds That Can't Be Made featured a Helmer lyric on Pour My Love.
As a writer.
In 1999, Helmer published a novel titled "Mother Tongue".
As of 1999, Helmer held a day job as a marketing manager for a Brighton-based internet company.
Current Musical Activity
Currently working on new material with Bob Grover, Owen Kellett (bass) and Steve Burnaby Davies (drums) from Brighton band 'Dates'

</doc>
<doc id="19456580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456580" title="William Findlay">
William Findlay

William Findlay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19456591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456591" title="Crimes of Fashion (Ugly Betty)">
Crimes of Fashion (Ugly Betty)

"Crimes of Fashion" is the third episode in the third season, the 44th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which will air on October 9, 2008. The episode was written by Henry Alonso Myers and directed by Victor Neili Jr.
Plot.
The episode begins with the police asking Betty where Daniel Meade was the night of the launch party. Betty hesitates, and the storyline flashes back to six hours earlier.
Betty is getting ready to go to work and notices her umbrella is missing, and ends up getting wet. She is then reprimanded by her father for leaving it outside where anyone could take it. At work, Daniel asks Betty to say they were in "Player" magazine's office if anyone asks where he was after the "Mode" launch party. He also asks her to take a dusty coat to the laundry. 
Marc announces that Christina was pushed down the stairs, shocking everyone at "Mode", but assures them that both Christina and the baby are fine. Then the police arrive and the beginning scene is repeated. Betty tells the police that Daniel was working late, leaving the police suspicious. When the police find footprints at the crime scene matching shoes Daniel owns, he is arrested.
Betty believes that Daniel is innocent, so she decides to try to figure out what really happened. First she visits Christina, but Christina barely remembers anything — but she does remember her fight with Stuart. Stuart arrives to visit Christina, so Betty takes the opportunity to ask him about the incident. Stuart denies pushing Christina, and tells her that his experimental treatment is not working and he is dying.
Betty then approaches the security guard to retrieve the security tape, but the tape has been stolen. When the security guard tells her that a "little blonde girl" also asked for the tape, Betty confronts Amanda. Amanda admits she requested the tape, as she needed the reward Wilhemina offered to cover her credit card bills. Moreover, she tells Betty she saw Marc yelling at Wilhemina after the launch party. Amanda and Betty confront Marc, but it turns out that he was actually yelling at a mannequin that looked like Wilhemina to relieve his stress and express frustration to his boss' demanding attitude. Marc recalls shoving Christina to get to the elevator, catching a glimpse of Claire angrily approaching Christina. The trio confront Claire, who admits she was drunk at the party after arguing with Wilhemina and saw Christina by the elevator. However, she remembers Christina helped her to the toilet, and Alexis took care of her after that. When Alexis is asked about that night, she says she was in the restroom worrying about her facial hair growing when she saw Christina and Claire, but did not remember when Christina left.
The investigation leads to a dead end, so Marc, Amanda and Betty decide to reenact the scene by throwing the Wilhemina mannequin down the stairs to help prove Daniel's innocence. The plan fails because the mannequin is too light, so Marc and Amanda try to push Betty down the stairs, which causes all three of them to tumble down. Betty discovers the floor was dusty, and remembering that Daniel asked her to clean his dusty coat earlier, concludes that Daniel might be the culprit. 
Then Betty finds the stolen security tape in Daniel's briefcase and watches it, but it turns out to be a tape of Daniel having sex with a woman in the copy room. Daniel tells Betty the woman was Holly, the attorney he hired for Daniel Jr.'s custody battle, and he wants to hide it from the police because it would look bad. Betty is relieved that Daniel is innocent.
When Wilhemina hears the news, she decides to gain PR by offering a $100,000 reward for any information leading to the culprit, and then visits Christina in the hospital—accompanied by paparazzi and press. Christina is upset and tells her she doesn't really care about her nor the baby, but when Wilhemina finds out Stuart is dying she begins to have some sympathy and to better care of Christina.
Meanwhile, Hilda borrows Betty's apartment so she and Coach Diaz have a place to talk about their future. Ignacio dropps by to visit Betty while Hilda is out getting ice cream, and is shocked to see Tony, who was in the shower when the door rang and decided to surprise Hilda. When Tony grabs his clothes, he accidentally drops his wedding ring and a disappointed Ignacio realizes he is married. Later, at their home, Ignacio and Hilda argue about her dating a married man.
Finally, Alexis admits that she pushed Christina. She tells Betty about the argument she had had with Wilhelmina that night. She was wearing Daniel's shoes because her heel broke; they wore the same size and she had also borrowed his coat. She defends herself saying that it was not premeditated and for a moment, it was Wilhelmina she saw in front of her and not Christina. To Alexis, the baby Christina was carrying represented Wilhelmina's hold over Mode and her family. Realizing that they would not be rid of her soon enough, she pushed her. Once Christina fell down the flight of stairs, Alexis came to her senses and, feeling guilty, checked whether Christina was still alive (causing the coat to get dusty and the footprints to appear), then called 911. Later on, Betty finds her umbrella, where she had left it with a note from her new neighbor Jesse who had taken it. She then smiles to herself and decides to leave it outside. Alexis is arrested, and tells Claire she was Daniel Jr.'s real father.
Production.
This is the third episode (after "Sofia's Choice" and "Odor in the Court") to begin at the climax of the events and then return to reveal what had happened earlier.
Casting.
This episode introduced Mark Consuelos in the recurring role of Detective Averaimo.
Music.
"Breathe" by Two of Cups
Ratings.
Despite strong competition from "" on CBS, the NLCS game series between the Los Angeles Dodgers and Philadelphia Phillies on Fox and the surprise debut of another Reveille-produced series that aired during the second half-hour, "Kath & Kim" on NBC, this episode helped "Ugly Betty" maintained its second-place showing with a 5.8/9 overall and a 2.6/7 among 18-49s with 8.5 million tuning in.
Reception.
Zap2it gave this episode a positive review: "Oh boy. I wasn't quite sure where this season of Ugly Betty was going, but the third episode in was not only juicy, but kind of touching as well".

</doc>
<doc id="19456606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456606" title="Ulice jak stygmaty">
Ulice jak stygmaty

Ulice jak stygmaty – Pidzama Porno's first album. Released in 1989. It was recorded at Ośrodek Kultury "Słońce" in Poznan.

</doc>
<doc id="19456607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456607" title="Kazimieras Simonavičius University">
Kazimieras Simonavičius University

Kazimieras Simonavičius University (previously: "Vilnius Academy of Business Law", ) is a private university in Lithuania which offers courses in Master of Law. The Ministry of Education and Science of the Republic of Lithuania licensed VABL on August 26, 2003. Teaching commenced from the year 2004. In 2012, the university changed its name to honor Kazimierz Siemienowicz (ca. 1600–1651), a military engineer and artillery specialist.
Courses.
Kazimieras Simonavičius University is in Vilnius; part-time courses are available in Klaipėda. Courses are oriented toward business, and encompass many areas of studies, including law, economics, and management. The goal of the studies is to prepare business lawyers.
Courses are interrelated. A full-time degree in Master of Law can be attained in five years and part-time degree in six. The university accepts high school graduates. As of September 2008, the tuition is 5,800 litas (about US$2,500) per year while public universities in Lithuania are generally free of charge.
Specializations.
These specializations are available:

</doc>
<doc id="19456613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456613" title="Old Alabama Town">
Old Alabama Town

Old Alabama Town is a collection of restored 19th and 20th century structures reflecting the lives of the people who settled and developed central Alabama. It stretches along six blocks in the heart of historic downtown Montgomery, Alabama, depicting a cross-section of architecture, history and lifestyles from an elegant townhouse to rural pioneer living.
Old Alabama Town was developed and is administered by the Landmarks Foundation of Montgomery, a non-profit corporation that came into being in 1967. Since the purchase of the 1850s Ordeman Townhouse and its dependencies in 1968, Landmarks has acquired and restored more than 50 buildings on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19456631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456631" title="Innovation Waikato">
Innovation Waikato

Innovation Waikato, or Waikato Innovation Park, is New Zealand’s growth hub for Ag-Biotech businesses. It offers commercial tenancies and specialised professional skills support to companies active in the agriculture or biotechnology sectors. In addition, the Park provides commercialisation advice and support to businesses outside the Park and actively pursues global opportunities on behalf of the AgBioNZ Cluster.
The Park is situated alongside the AgResearch Ruakura campus and neighbours the University of Waikato campus in Hamilton. Waikato is New Zealand's heart of primary sector science research (with approximately 1000 research scientists resident in Hamilton), providing Park entrepreneurs with collaborative opportunities grounded in leading science. 
Waikato Innovation Park has periodic segments on Rural Delivery, a TVNZ agricultural news and events program.
History and Structure.
The Park was established to enhance the Waikato region's economic growth. It is sited on 17 hectares of land owned by Tainui and its first building was opened in 2004, housing over 40 commercial tenants. 
Waikato Innovation Park's master plan provides for 19 buildings. Construction began in October 2008 on a second building and it has signed an agreement to construct a third building for Hills Laboratories, which provides analytical testing services to the environmental, food, agri and horticulture sectors.
Partnerships.
Strategic partnerships have been established with the following organisations, providing park tenants ready access to specialist resources such as laboratories, IT Systems, research capabilities, student support and tertiary programmes:
Waikato Innovation Park leads and coordinates the AgBioNZ Cluster which was established to encourage active networking, collaboration and innovation between sector-related businesses. This has been judged successful with Waikato Innovation Park now representing the AgBio Cluster in sales activity offshore under the brand 'NZ Dairy Solutionz'.
Projects.
Waikato Innovation Park has led several collaborative projects leveraging the relationships within and across the AgBio Cluster. These projects deliver value to the commercial sector, span many businesses and prove new technologies to commercial farming operators. Many of the projects are a partnership with the private sector and government or sector agencies such as New Zealand Trade and Enterprise and Meat & Wool NZ. 
Research.
Current and previous tenants of Waikato Innovation Park are involved in various areas
of research including analysis of milk (including mastitis detection),
sustainable intensive farming, automated farm systems, internet connectivity
to remote sites and other technology based solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19456649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456649" title="Néstor Paz Zamora Commission">
Néstor Paz Zamora Commission

The Nestor Paz Zamora Commission (Spanish: "Comision Nestor Paz Zamora", CNPZ) was a militant Bolivian Marxist–Leninist organization which first appeared in October 1990. It is named after the deceased brother of former president Jaime Paz Zamora.
The group first gained international attention following an attack on the marine guardhouse at the United States embassy.

</doc>
<doc id="19456657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456657" title="2001 ATP Tour">
2001 ATP Tour

The ATP Tour is the elite tour for professional tennis organized by the ATP. The 2001 ATP Tour included the four Grand Slam tournaments, the Tennis Masters Cup, the Tennis Masters Series, the International Series Gold and the International Series.
Schedule.
This is the complete schedule of events on the 2001 ATP Tour, with player progression documented from the quarter-final stage.
Statistical Information.
List of players and titles won (Grand Slam and Masters Cup titles in bold), listed in order of most titles won:
The following players won their first title:
Titles won by nation:
ATP entry rankings.
Singles.
ATP Rankings
Retirements.
Following is a list of notable players (winners of a main tour title, and/or part of the ATP Rankings top 100 (singles) or top 50 (doubles) for at least one week) who announced their retirement from professional tennis, became inactive (after not playing for more than 52 weeks), or were permanently banned from playing, during the 2001 season:

</doc>
<doc id="19456676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456676" title="THD Electronics">
THD Electronics

THD Electronics, Ltd. is a manufacturer of vacuum-tube guitar amplifiers and amplifier accessories, and is located in Seattle, Washington. It was founded in 1986 by President and CEO Andrew Marshall. Although it specializes in hand-built, vacuum tube “boutique”-style amplifiers, it also manufactures the “world’s best selling amplifier power attenuator,” the THD Hot Plate. The company is well known in the boutique amplifier market, and is often credited with the creation of this market in the United States. THD’s line of products has stayed relatively small despite its 22-year history as a company. Of its amplifiers, THD currently makes three: the UniValve, BiValve-30 and Flexi-50.
Name origins.
Copyright issues prevented Marshall from naming THD Electronics after himself, as Marshall Amplification had been established in the 1960s. Marshall also decided against naming the company after his first name because, in his words, “Who…is going to spend $2,500 on an ‘Andy Amp?’" Instead he chose THD, the acronym for “Total harmonic distortion”.
“‘(Total harmonic distortion) is one of the ways that amplifiers are rated,’ says Marshall. ‘And in the hi-fi world, where people are quite conscious of total harmonic distortion, everybody goes for the lowest possible amount of distortion. In the guitar amp world, people tend to go for the most. So it was slightly tongue-in-cheek, but more of an inside joke.’" 
Marshall has said that THD alternatively means “Two Hairy Dogs”, referring to his bearded collies, Truffles and Tobler and with the addition of a third dog, Piper, “Three Hairy Dogs”.
Amplifier basics.
Exterior.
THD amplifier heads have a unique perforated steel cage, which is removable (via captive thumbscrews) if the amplifier is added to a rack or installed in a cabinet. Aside from the different faceplates, the UniValve, BiValve-30 and Flexi-50 look nearly identical. These amps are also available in a "box head" version. Although THD does not offer a hard-sided carrying case, they do make a soft-sided case for their amplifier heads.
Vacuum tubes.
All THD amplifiers utilize vacuum tubes for their preamp and power amp sections. Until the release of the Flexi-50 amplifier, they were all Class-A, (The Flexi-50 is Class-AB). This is why early THD UniValve-prototypes were sometimes referred to as the “Pure Class A Head.”
Printed circuit boards.
Unlike the vast majority of high-end, “boutique”-style guitar amplifiers, THD amplifiers are hand-built, but not hand-wired “point-to-point”. Instead, they utilize printed circuit boards (PCBs). There is some controversy in the guitar amplifier community about using PCBs as opposed to point-to-point wiring in tube amplifiers. THD escaped much of this criticism by using thick boards with large ground planes to reduce noise, as well as through-plating and use of Teflon wire for durability. THD also does not mount their electro-mechanical components like jacks, potentiometers, switches and tube sockets to the board.
An identifying feature of THD boards is the addition of famous quotes to the printing on the board. These circuit board quotes include:
First vintage reissue amplifier.
In 1987, THD Electronics put the first vintage reissue vacuum tube guitar amplifier into production, the 4-10 amp. It was modeled after a 1959 5F6-A "tweed" (a misnomer: the cloth is actually twill) Fender Bassman and, unlike the Peavey Classic Amplifiers of the 1970s (which were covered in twill-patterned vinyl) the 4-10 was covered in authentic cotton twill, the first since Fender and Gibson stopped production of twill-covered amplifiers in 1960. The 4-10 was in production from 1987-1993. In 1989 a head-only and 2-10 version were released as well.
THD Plexi amplifier.
The next amplifier in production was the Plexi, manufactured from 1990-1993. Although it, too, was physically styled after the Fender Bassman (and was also available in tweed,) electronically and sonically, it was meant to mimic an early JMP Marshall. In 1992, Guitar Player Magazine conducted a one-to-one test with a 1973 JMP Marshall 50-watt amplifier head, and found the two sounded “very close”. From 1990-1991, a very limited run of THD 50-watt bass amplifiers was also produced. These bass amplifiers were dubbed the “Classic Bass Head”. For the last 18 months of the Plexi’s production, several minor circuit changes were made, prompting THD to rename it the “Type-O”.
2x12” extension cabinet.
In 1990, THD also started production on a 2x12” extension cabinet for guitar amplifiers (the “2” refers to the cabinet having two speakers, the “12” refers to the size of the speakers, in this case 12 inches.) The back of the speaker cabinet is “ported,” (also known as “vented”) which tunes the cabinet to give it substantially more bass-response than either an open-back or sealed cabinet can. The two-inch “slot-port” in the back of the cabinet, “is designed to offer the air and breath you get from an open-back design,” while giving more bottom end and overall efficiency than can be had from a sealed cabinet. Fifteen years after it started production, THD 2x12” extension cabinet won Guitar Player Magazine’s Reader’s Choice Award for best speaker cabinet. Although usually covered in black vinyl, cream, brown and blue paisley-colored 2x12” extension cabinets were manufactured as well.
Hot Plate power attenuator.
The Hot Plate power attenuator was first released by THD in 1994. It was designed to act as a type of master volume control for tube-based amplifiers, without sacrificing the distorted sounds such amplifiers make when they are played at full volume. The concept started in the late 1980s as a way to in-house test the company’s amplifiers without the technicians’ suffering hearing loss.
The Hot Plate works by being installed between the amplifier and the speaker cabinet (if any is used), absorbing the majority of the signal from the amplifier and passing only a small amount to the speaker. The remaining power is converted to heat. The UniValve and BiValve-30 amplifiers have Hot Plates built into them; the Flexi-50 has a foot-switchable master volume control in lieu of a Hot Plate. The Hot Plate is manufactured in five different colors; each color corresponds to the specific amplifier impedance that the Hot Plate is optimized for (the impedances should be matched.) The colors and impedances are: gold- 2 ohms, green- 2.7 ohms, red- 4 ohms, purple- 8 ohms, and blue- 16 ohms.
The Hot Plate has a Line Out jack, which can be used to send a DI signal to the mixer, or to insert equalization, time effects, and possibly a solid-state amplifier between the distorting tube power amp and the guitar speaker. The Line Out (or DI) signal can be blended with a miked guitar speaker at the mixing console. The Load setting enables using the Hot Plate as a pure dummy load, with no guitar speaker.
Yellow Jacket tube converters.
The Yellow Jacket was also released in 1994. Yellow Jackets are a type of adapter that allows the existing power tubes in a guitar amplifier to be replaced with EL84 power tubes without rebiasing the amplifier. In 1994, Guitar World Magazine conducted a test in which Yellow Jackets were installed in a 100-watt Marshall Plexi Reissue. The resulting tones were “similar to those of a Vox AC30” although the amplifier was not as loud as it had been before the modification. There are several sets of Yellow Jacket tube converters, their designations relate to the type of amplifier they are converting.
UniValve amplifier.
The UniValve is a 15-watt amplifier head released in 2001. Although it operates with only one output tube, it was designed to take a wide range of output tubes without needing to be rebiased. The UniValve was the first-ever recipient of Guitarist Magazine’s “Guitarist Gold” award, under their revised scoring standards. The etched design on the amplifier’s front panel was made to resemble the work of artists and architects Charles Rennie Mackintosh and Frank Lloyd Wright. As of 2004, only around 1,300 UniValves had been produced. Their serial numbers start with 000, although model number 000 was given to the THD dealer who coined the amplifier’s name. Billy Gibbons (of the band ZZ Top) requested serial number 007, and model 666 (which is written on the back of the UniValve chassis in red ink) is owned by a former THD employee.
BiValve-30 amplifier.
As the name would suggest, the BiValve-30 amplifier head is a 30-watt amplifier with two output valves. It was released by THD in 2002. Like the UniValve, the BiValve-30's cathode-biasing allows it to adjust to individual tubes automatically. It is one of only a very few parallel-single-ended tube guitar amplifiers ever produced, and is the only one whose output transformer has separate primary windings for each power tube, accomplishing the unique feat of magnetically merging the outputs of the two power tubes -- even if they are of dissimilar types -- instead of simply connecting the plates of the two power tubes to a single primary winding to sum their outputs -- which requires that the two tubes be of the same type. It, too, has a chemically-etched stainless steel faceplate, although THD chose a marine theme for the BiValve-30. Also, the BiValve-30 uses screen printing on the faceplate in addition to etching. In 2002, the BiValve-30 received a “Guitarist Choice” award from Guitarist Magazine, after being rated a 4.5 out of 5 possible stars. In that test, the BiValve-30 was given a slightly lower score in the “value for money” category, and the accompanying written review stated: “…definitely an amp for the well-heeled purist”.
Flexi-50 amplifier.
The Flexi-50 amplifier head was released in 2003, and made its debut at that year’s Music Live event in the UK. It is a 50-watt, class AB amplifier, meant to “create an idealized (Marshall) ‘Plexi’ tone”. As a “subtle homage” to the Plexi, the Flexi’s faceplate is gold Plexiglas. Like its predecessors, the Flexi-50 was designed to take the same range of vacuum tubes that the UniValve and BiValve-30 can. However, the Flexi is not self-biasing. Instead, it has three bias test-points on the rear panel for manually biasing the amplifier when the tubes are changed. It received a Guitarist Choice Award from Guitarist Magazine in April 2004, and a Guitar Player Magazine’s Editor’s Pick Award in December of that year as well.
Notable customers.
THD has traditionally shied away from formal endorsers. However, the company does have many professional customers. Some clients include Jeff Beck (The Yardbirds), Peter Buck (R.E.M.), Eric Clapton, Charlie Daniels, Bob Dylan, John Fogerty (Creedence Clearwater Revival), Billy Gibbons (ZZ Top), Paul Gilbert (Mr. Big), Kirk Hammett (Metallica), Mick Jagger (The Rolling Stones), Mark Knopfler (Dire Straits), Mick Mars (Mötley Crüe), Steve Miller, Bob Mould (Hüsker Dü, Sugar), Jimmy Page (Led Zeppelin), Prince, Chris Poland (Megadeth, OHM), Brian Setzer (Stray Cats, Brian Setzer Orchestra), Dan Spitz (Anthrax), George Thorogood, Eddie Van Halen (Van Halen), and Stevie Ray Vaughan
The official THD website includes a much more comprehensive "THD Artist List".

</doc>
<doc id="19456677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456677" title="N-Trance discography">
N-Trance discography

This is the discography of the British electronic music group N-Trance. The band has released two studio albums, one compilation album and seventeen singles. After originally being signed by 380 Records (part of PWL) for a year, they signed to the independent dance record label All Around the World (AATW) in 1992. Most of their work is released by AATW in the United Kingdom, but they have also been released in Europe, the United States and the rest of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19456679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456679" title="Antoinette (rapper)">
Antoinette (rapper)

Antoinette is an American rapper from Queens, New York, who released two albums, during the late 1980s and early 1990s. She made her first appearance on the producer Hurby Azor's 1987 compilation album, "Hurby's Machine", with her song "I Got An Attitude". She has been mentioned in the "Vibe Hip-Hop Divas" publication.

</doc>
<doc id="19456695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456695" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 68 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 68 kg

The Men's Freestyle 68 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19456698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456698" title="2000 ATP Tour">
2000 ATP Tour

The Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Tour is the elite professional tennis circuit organised by the ATP tour. The 2000 ATP Tour calendar comprises the Grand Slam tournaments (supervised by the International Tennis Federation (ITF)), the tennis event at the 2000 Summer Olympics, the Tennis Masters Series, the ATP International Series Gold, the ATP International Series, the ATP World Team Cup, the Tennis Masters Cup and the ATP Tour World Doubles Championships. Also included in the 2000 calendar are the Davis Cup and the Hopman Cup, which do not distribute ranking points, and are both organised by the ITF.
Schedule.
This is the complete schedule of events on the 2000 calendar, with player progression documented from the quarterfinals stage.
Statistical information.
These tables present the number of singles (S), doubles (D), and mixed doubles (X) titles won by each player and each nation during the season, within all the tournament categories of the 2000 ATP Tour: the Grand Slam tournaments, the tennis event at the Summer Olympics, the year-end championships (Tennis Masters Cup and ATP Tour World Doubles Championships), the Tennis Masters Series, the ATP International Series Gold, and the ATP International Series. The players/nations are sorted by: 1) total number of titles (a doubles title won by two players representing the same nation counts as only one win for the nation); 2) cumulated importance of those titles (one Grand Slam win equalling two Masters Series wins, one year-end championships equalling one-and-a-half Masters Series win, one Olympics win or Masters Series win equalling two International Series Gold wins, one International Series Gold win equalling two International Series wins); 3) a singles > doubles > mixed doubles hierarchy; 4) alphabetical order (by family names for players).
ATP rankings.
These are the ATP Rankings of the top twenty singles players, doubles players, and the top ten doubles teams on the ATP Tour, at the end of the 1999 ATP Tour, and of the 2000 season, with number of rankings points, number of tournaments played, year-end ranking in 1999, highest and lowest position during the season (for singles and doubles individual only, as doubles team rankings are not calculated over a rolling year-to-date system), and number of spots gained or lost from the 1999 to the 2000 year-end rankings.
Retirements.
Following is a list of notable players (winners of a main tour title, and/or part of the ATP Rankings top 100 (singles) or top 50 (doubles) for at least one week) who announced their retirement from professional tennis, became inactive (after not playing for more than 52 weeks), or were permanently banned from playing, during the 2000 season:

</doc>
<doc id="19456708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456708" title="Futurista">
Futurista

Futurista is the title of Pidzama Porno's second album, released in 1996 by MAMI Tapes. Earlier, since 1990 the matherial was circulating on piratical tapes. Marcin Swietlicki said about this album that it is a "Wonderfully recovered, missing part in Polish rock"
The band.
and:

</doc>
<doc id="19456716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456716" title="Goal Dreams">
Goal Dreams

Goal Dreams is a 2006 documentary by Maya Sanbar and Jeffrey Saunders, about the Palestinian national football team preparing for the 2006 World Cup qualifiers. 
Plot.
"Goal Dreams" is about personal and national identity as seen through a football team like no other. With players of multiple nationalities, speaking different languages and without a home field, the Palestine national football team and its players must overcome obstacles of a physical, emotional, cultural and geographic nature just to exist. The film chronicles the lives of four Palestinian players hailing from different parts of the world during the team's preparation for their most important World Cup 2006 qualification match.
Cast.
Alfred Riedl Austrian coach who was hired by the Palestinian FA to train the national team. He faces frustration caused by injured players and language barriers since there are players from Gaza, West Bank, Chile, Sweden and USA in the team. He is also frustrated by the fact that the players from Gaza cannot leave the strip since the Rafah-borders are closed by Israel despite the players having special permission from FIFA.
Morad Fareed a Palestinian-American who grew up in a Jewish neighbourhood in New York. Despite the US support for Israel he loves both countries and shares both western and Arab values. The fact that the team cannot always practice together and that some translations are incorrect frustrates him. 
Roberto Kettlun born in Chile to a Palestinian Chilean father and plays for CD Palestino who represent the Arab community of Chile. He speaks both Spanish and English but Kettlun faces many problems with what he describes as "the arab reality" which means a more cruel reality, new language, culture and weather. He is one of coach Riedl's trusted players since he translates for the Spanish-speaking Palestinians.
Ramzi Saleh the national team's goalkeeper who comes from the Gaza strip and wants to play for a club outside Palestine. The Israeli government's isolation of Gaza makes it difficult to play and he has to be away for a long time when leaving his home so he can provide his family with the basic necessities. He is fully devoted to representing the team as a player and ambassador.
Rami El-Hassan: Palestinian refugee who lives in Lebanon and has a dream of leaving the country since Palestinians are practically homeless according to him. The refugees are prohibited from working in some areas and cannot apply for Lebanese citizenship. During the documentary he struggles with an injury and hopes that he can play for Palestine despite the problems.
Production.
Maya Sanbar and Jeffrey Saunders planned to make a documentary about the Palestinian national football team without involving politics. But they faced the fact that it was not possible since the team is affected by politics. The film crew interview and follow the team from their training camp in Ismailia, Egypt. The film crew also travelled to Great Britain, Chile, Lebanon, Gaza and the USA talking to the people involved in the Palestinian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19456724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456724" title="Alicante railway station">
Alicante railway station

Alicante terminal () is the central railway station of Alicante, Spain. Commonly referred locally as the RENFE station, the station is part of Adif system, and is a terminal station.
The station accommodates RENFE long-distance and medium-distance trains, and it is the origin of lines C-1 and C-3 of Cercanías Murcia/Alicante (suburban trains). The station is not related to the narrow gauge railway Alicante-Dénia managed by FGV and part of the city's tram network.
By the end of 2013, AVE (high-speed) railway is expected to reach Alicante. While a new intermodal station is to be constructed in place of the current terminal, a temporal terminal is to be utilized by the high speed trains.
History.
The first train to Alicante arrived from Madrid on 4 January 1858. It took almost 10 years to construct a railway from Madrid to Alicante, which was carried out by Compañía de los Ferrocarriles de Madrid a Zaragoza y Alicante, a predecessor of RENFE. Passenger services began on 1 March 1858, but the official opening awaited the arrival of Queen Isabella II on 25 May 1858.
The initial design of the stations along the Almansa-Alicante part of the railway was approved in 1853. Additional extensions to the projects were made in 1857. It was one of the largest terminals built in Spain in those years.
Between 1967 and 1968 the original facade of the Alicante station was completely rebuilt.
Railway service.
Cercanías Murcia/Alicante.
The station services Alicante and Murcia suburban areas with a frequency of 1 or 2 trains per hour on line C-1 and with eight trains per day on line C-3. The station is the origin for both lines and is located in tariff area 6 of the Cercanías Murcia/Alicante netrwork.
Medium-distance trains.
The station is used by medium-distance RENFE trains such as Regional Express or Regional with services to Valencia, Murcia, Cartagena, Albacete, Villarrobledo, and Ciudad Real as lines L-1 and L-2.
Long-distance trains.
Barcelona and Madrid are the primary destinations of long-distance trains operated by Renfe. With the completion of high-speed railway (AVE), a trip from Madrid to Alicante now takes between 2h20 mins and 2h40 mins.

</doc>
<doc id="19456725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456725" title="1999 ATP Tour">
1999 ATP Tour

The Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Tour is the elite professional tennis circuit organised by the ATP. The 1999 ATP Tour calendar comprises the Grand Slam tournaments, supervised by the International Tennis Federation (ITF), the ATP Super 9, the ATP International Series Gold, the ATP International Series, the ATP World Team Cup, the ATP Tour World Championships and the Grand Slam Cup (organised by the ITF). Also included in the 1999 calendar are the Davis Cup and the Hopman Cup, which do not distribute ranking points, and are both organised by the ITF.
Schedule.
This is the complete schedule of events on the 1999 calendar, with player progression documented from the quarterfinals stage.
December.
"No events that month."
Statistical information.
These tables present the number of singles (S), doubles (D), and mixed doubles (X) titles won by each player and each nation during the season, within all the tournament categories of the 1999 ATP Tour: the Grand Slam tournaments, the ATP Tour World Championships and the Grand Slam Cup, the ATP Super 9, the ATP International Series Gold, and the ATP International Series. The players/nations are sorted by: 1) total number of titles (a doubles title won by two players representing the same nation counts as only one win for the nation); 2) cumulated importance of those titles (one Grand Slam win equalling two Super 9 wins, one year-end championships win equalling one-and-a-half Super 9 win, one Super 9 win equalling two International Series Gold wins, one International Series Gold win equalling two International Series wins); 3) a singles > doubles > mixed doubles hierarchy; 4) alphabetical order (by family names for players).
ATP rankings.
These are the ATP Rankings of the top twenty singles players, doubles players, and the top ten doubles teams on the ATP Tour, at the end of the 1998 ATP Tour, and of the 1999 season, with number of rankings points, number of tournaments played, year-end ranking in 1998, highest and lowest position during the season (for singles and doubles individual only, as doubles team rankings are not calculated over a rolling year-to-date system), and number of spots gained or lost from the 1998 to the 1999 year-end rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="19456738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456738" title="HD 31093">
HD 31093

HD 31093 is a double or multiple star in the constellation Caelum.

</doc>
<doc id="19456741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456741" title="Brian Biggins">
Brian Biggins

Brian Biggins (born 19 May 1940, Ellesmere Port; died 13 September 2006) is a former English footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He made five appearances in The Football League for Chester.
Biggins became one of Chester's youngest goalkeepers when he made his first team debut aged 17 in April 1958 against Rochdale, having already played regular reserve team football. The following month he played in both games in the final of the Welsh Cup and performed well even though Chester lost a replay to rivals Wrexham.
Despite playing just a handful of league matches for Chester, he has the distinction of appearing in the club's final match in Football League Division Three North and first in the newly created Football League Division Four when the league system was restructured in 1958. He remained with the club until leaving for non–league side Pwllheli in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="19456742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456742" title="Olle Nygren">
Olle Nygren

Harald-Olof Ingemar (Olle) Nygren (born 11 November 1929 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a former international speedway rider who reached the finals of the Speedway World Championship five times. Nygren was Swedish Champion in 1949 and became Nordic Champion in 1960. After retirement, Nygren set up a successful speedway training school.
Formula One.
In 1962, Nygren took part in a minor Formula One race, the Kanonloppet, at the Karlskoga Circuit at Karlskoga in his home country of Sweden. He drove a Lotus 18 loaned to him by American driver Jay Chamberlain. Nygren qualified tenth of the ten starters, and had to retire after just six laps with a gearbox failure.

</doc>
<doc id="19456743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456743" title="Exodus Geohaghon">
Exodus Geohaghon

Exodus Isaac Geohaghon (born 27 February 1985) is an English footballer who plays for Conference Premier club Braintree Town.
Spending some time in his youth with West Bromwich Albion, he played for Sutton Coldfield Town between 2000 and 2005. After a season with Bromsgrove Rovers, he then signed with Kettering Town. In 2010 he moved up to the Football League, moving to Peterborough United after a loan spell. Whilst at Posh he was loaned out to Rotherham United, Shrewsbury Town, and Port Vale. He joined Barnet in August 2011, before he signed with Darlington two months later. He joined Dagenham & Redbridge on loan in November 2011, before joining Mansfield Town on loan in February 2012. He signed with Kidderminster Harriers in July 2012, before making a permanent return to Mansfield less than two months later. He won the Conference Premier title with Mansfield in 2012–13. He spent time with Worcester City in 2013, before ending up at Braintree Town.
Club career.
As a youngster Geohaghon played for West Bromwich Albion. He moved to Sutton Coldfield Town in 2000, before joining Southern Football League side Bromsgrove Rovers in 2005 for an undisclosed fee. He left the club the following summer, and joined Conference North club Redditch United on trial in July 2006, before joining permanently a month later. During two seasons with Redditch he made 71 league appearances, helping the club to avoid relegation. He was also in attendance at the University of Wolverhampton during his time at Redditch – studying Video and Film Production, he graduated in summer 2008.
Geohaghon joined Conference Premier team Kettering Town for an undisclosed five-figure fee on 7 August 2008, after initially joining on a month's loan. He soon became first choice centre-back in the team's defence alongside Guy Branston in the 2008–09 season. Geohaghon's goal at Rockingham Road in the First Round of the 2008–09 FA Cup was picked out by Robbie Earle on the ITV "FA Cup Highlights" programme as one of the highlights of the round, as Kettering held League Two club Lincoln City to a 1–1 draw on 8 November 2008. Later that month it was reported that Championship sides Crystal Palace, Sheffield United and Plymouth Argyle were interested in signing Geohaghon in the 2009 January transfer window. Kettering manager Mark Cooper stated that it would take a "stupid" offer to allow the defender to leave the club.
In November 2009, he rejoined his former manager Mark Cooper at Championship side Peterborough United, in a loan deal that would become permanent in January 2010. He was made man of the match on his debut, in a 2–2 draw with Middlesbrough. Geohaghon scored his first goal for Peterborough on 19 December 2009, netting the winner in a 2–1 victory over Watford. His position changed with the arrival of Jim Gannon as manager, and this resulted in "improved and more composed performances" from Geohaghon. Under new manager Gary Johnson he was transfer-listed at the end of the 2009–10 season, just four months into his three-and-a-half-year contract.
He joined Rotherham United on a one month loan deal for August 2010. The loan was extended to three months after he became a key part of Ronnie Moore's back four. In November of that year Geohaghon joined Shrewsbury Town on loan until January, initially to help solve injury troubles to the team's key defenders Ian Sharps and David Raven. The deal was made just hours before kick-off against local rivals Crewe Alexandra. His loan spell ended prematurely, as after only three starts he picked up a knee injury that kept him in the treatment room for two months. In January 2011, Jim Gannon was appointed as Port Vale manager, and he immediately brought Geohaghon to Vale Park on loan until the end of the season. Over the course of just four victories in twelve consecutive games with Geohaghon as a holding midfielder, both he and Gannon became highly unpopular figures with some sections of the Vale support. This culminated in ugly scenes on 19 March, as Geohaghon confronted his detractors following a 3–1 defeat at Accrington Stanley's Crown Ground, with his manager leaving the stadium in secret for his own safety. Though Gannon was unpopular with players and fans, fan favourites and star players Gary Roberts and Marc Richards did stand by Geohaghon, calling the abuse he received "unfair... terrible... not acceptable" and "harsh". Two days later Gannon was sacked. Meanwhile Geohaghon sought legal advice and claimed his scuffle with supporters came about after he reacted to racial abuse levelled at him by a number of fans. Unable to return to Peterborough by the terms of his loan, and unwilling to return to Vale Park, Geohaghon instead remained at his Birmingham home whilst the Football Association's investigation of racial abuse continued. The FA found that there was racist chanting from at least one Vale supporter.
In August 2011, Geohaghon left Peterborough United by mutual consent. Later that month Geohaghon signed a one-month contract with Barnet following a successful trial period. He played four games in ten days, before leaving the club. In October 2011, he signed with Conference Premier club Darlington, leaving him working with manager Mark Cooper for a third time. He made his debut for the club in a 4–3 win over Stockport County, and four days later he set up Jonathan Sanchez-Munoz for the only goal of a 1–0 win at home to Kidderminster Harriers. Despite this, Cooper was sacked on 25 October. On 21 November, Geohaghon returned to League Two football, signing a three month loan deal with Dagenham & Redbridge. He made his debut at Victoria Park on 12 December, setting up Brian Woodall for the opening goal of a 2–1 defeat to former club Port Vale. Meanwhile his parent club Darlington were suffering financial difficulties and Geohaghon's contract was terminated on 16 January 2012, along with the rest of the playing squad and caretaker manager Craig Liddle. Darlington held onto his registration, and on 24 February he signed for Conference Premier rivals Mansfield Town on loan until the rest of the season. He scored his first goal in nearly eighteen months on 13 March, when he headed in a stoppage time equalizer in a 1–1 draw with Conference Premier leaders Fleetwood Town at Field Mill. The "Stags" reached the play-offs, but crashed out at the semi-final stage to York City 2–1 on aggregate, with Geohaghon scoring an own goal at Bootham Crescent after a communication breakdown with goalkeeper Alan Marriott.
In July 2012, Geohaghon joined Conference Premier side Kidderminster Harriers on a one-year deal. He had previously played under assistant boss Gary Whild during his time at Redditch. However he re-signed with Mansfield Town on a permanent basis for a £5,000 transfer fee on 31 August, after less than two months at Aggborough; Geohaghon said he had "unfinished business" after Paul Cox's side lost at the play-off semi-final stage the previous season. His long-throws were a crucial part of the club's success in the early part of the 2012–13 season. Mansfield won promotion into the Football League as Conference Premier champions in 2012–13, though Geoghaghon was not retained beyond the summer as he lost his first team place in the second half of the season.
He joined Conference North side Worcester City in September 2013. However his spell lasted just five weeks as he was released after refusing to play in the FA Cup so as not to find himself cup-tied. In November 2013 he signed for Braintree Town.
International career.
In November 2008 Geohaghon was called into the England C squad by Paul Fairclough for the match against Italy. The game ended in a 2–2 draw, with Geohaghon playing the full game. He also played in a 1–0 defeat against Belgium in May 2009, which was his final game for the team because of age restrictions. Both of these games were part of the 2007–09 International Challenge Trophy.
Style of play.
He is known for his long-throwing ability. His frame also gives him a natural advantage in the air, as well as great ball winning strength.
Honours.
Mansfield Town

</doc>
<doc id="19456744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456744" title="Besh Barmag Mountain">
Besh Barmag Mountain

Besh Barmag () literally translated as "Five Finger Mountain", is in Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan, not far from the Caspian Sea.
It rises to above the sea level overlooking the Baku-Quba Highway. The mountain is a solid rock and is one of most famous mountains in the Caucasus, known for its mythical stories. It is a sacred place for regular visitation by pilgrims. 
Tide marks on the mount attest to meltwater inundation from the northern glacial ice caps and date back to the end of the last ice age. The tidelines confirm the theory of a Holocene outflow of meltwater from the Black Sea to the Mediterranean Sea, rather than a direct incursion of sea water into the Black Sea as a result of global sea level rise. Estimates of the increase in Caspian Sea level height are between + 20 and 30 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="19456747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456747" title="1998 ATP Tour">
1998 ATP Tour

The ATP Tour is the elite tour for professional men's tennis organized by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP). The ATP Tour includes the four Grand Slam tournaments, the ATP World Tour Finals, the ATP Super 9, the International Series Gold and the International Series Tournaments tournaments.
Schedule.
This is the complete schedule of events on the 1998 ATP Tour, with player progression documented from the quarter-final stage.
ATP rankings.
These are the rankings of the top twenty players of the ATP Tour, at the end of the 1997 ATP Tour, and of the 1998 season, with number of rankings points, highest and lowest position during the year, and number of spots gained or lost from 1997 to 1998.
Statistical information.
These tables present the number of singles (S), doubles (D), and mixed doubles (X) titles won by each player and each nation during the season, within all the tournament categories of the 1998 ATP World Tour: the Grand Slam tournaments, the ATP World Tour Finals, the ATP Super 9, the ATP World Tour International Gold series, and the ATP World Tour International series.
Titles won by player.
Titles won by nation (Singles):
The following players won their first career title:

</doc>
<doc id="19456783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456783" title="Lena Kaur">
Lena Kaur

Lena Kaur (born 28 November 1986) is a London-based British actress, perhaps best known for her role as Leila Roy in Channel 4 soap "Hollyoaks".
Career.
Lena Kaur grew up in Almondbury in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire and is of Asian descent. She attended Almondbury High School and then New College which helped her achieve her dream of being an actress. She studied acting at Rose Bruford College, Sidcup, Kent, graduating in 2007.
Later that year she was part of the original cast of BBC Three comedy sketch show Scallywagga, in which she played multiple characters. After successfully being cast as Leila Roy, she joined the cast of "Hollyoaks" in summer 2008. In August 2008, Lena Kaur praised "Hollyoaks" producer Bryan Kirkwood for not stereotyping Asians on the programme. Speaking to "Take 5" magazine, she stated, "The storylines for me and Stephen (Ravi) aren't being dictated by the colour of our skin. We're both British Asians in real life as well as in the show. We are both totally westernised. We've been brought up in Britain, so the storylines will reflect people like Stephen and me." Kaur announced her decision to leave to pursue new challenges in late 2009, and made her last appearance as Leila in January 2010.
In 2011 she appeared as Dr. Alicia Patel in "Torchwood's" fourth series; "" airing on BBC One and US premium television network Starz.

</doc>
<doc id="19456813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456813" title="American Business Women's Association">
American Business Women's Association

The American Business Women’s Association is a national professional association for women, established by Kansas City businessman, Hilary Bufton, Jr. 
On Sept. 22, 1949, Mr. Bufton and three Kansas City businesswomen incorporated the American Business Women’s Association. 
“It was my feeling all women were seeking and deserved equal business opportunities.” He later wrote, “They had gained tremendous business knowledge during World War II, through necessity, and I felt a new organization for all businesswomen was needed.”
About ABWA.
The mission of ABWA is “to bring together businesswomen of diverse occupations and to provide opportunities for them to help themselves and others grow personally and professionally through leadership; education, networking support and national recognition.” 
Unlike profession-specific associations, ABWA is a professional organization for women in all stages of their career and in all professions. Members include everyone from teachers and administrative assistants to CEOs and small-business owners. 
Membership data includes:
The American Business Women’s Association represents a range of 23 different industries, including:
Education and Professional Development.
This is a central focus for the Association. There are three main concentrations for professional development, including:
Regional and National Conferences.
ABWA offers six regional and one national conference every year that feature professional speakers and educators from many industries. Seminars and workshops feature topics relevant to today’s workingwomen.
ABWA-KU MBA Essentials.
The ABWA-KU MBA Essentials program is a product of a partnership between the University of Kansas School of Business and ABWA. Each MBA Essentials course delivers business subjects at a master’s degree level including “Accounting Tools for Financial Success,” “Organizational Behavior and Management Principles” and “Human Resources: Principles and Practices.” This program is only offered at the ABWA annual meeting, the National Women’s Leadership Conference.
Women as 21st Century Leaders.
The Women as 21st Century Leaders is a product of a partnership between Park University and ABWA. Each course delivers business subjects including "Challenges and Opportunities for Women as Leaders," "Beginning with the Inner You" and "Leading through Enhanced Communication Skills." This program is only offered at the ABWA annual meeting, the National Women's Leadership Conference. 
Women's Instructional Network.
ABWA is the first women’s association to offer an online learning portal with interactive management modules that will teach members new skills they can immediately apply as ABWA team leaders and use in the workplace. Launched in April 2009 as part of the ABWA Web site, online training courses offered include "Resumes That Get Interviews," " Interviews That Get Offers," "Managing Team Conflict" and "Making Group Decisions." 
National Recognition.
National recognition is one of the four tenets of the association’s mission. Members have the opportunity to run for national office for a seat on the organization’s National Board of Directors. 
Members also compete for the Top 10 Business Women of ABWA based on personal and professional achievements. Every year, ABWA groups nominate one accomplished member as a candidate for the Top Ten Business Women of ABWA.
From the ten finalists, the American Business Woman of ABWA is chosen. The Top Ten are introduced at the Association’s annual meeting, the National Women’s Leadership Conference.
National Publications.
ABWA offers a varied collection of informational tools to their members. "Women in Business", the award-winning national magazine of ABWA, offers articles on a blend of personal and professional development topics. Published four times a year, "Women in Business" features a continuing education department focused on business and market-relevant topics.
Members also enjoy custom-designed online newsletters to serve the individual needs of different groups: "Express Network" for busy professionals, "District Newsletter" to keep members informed of news from the district level and "Council Communications" for council officers.
References.
1. American Business Women’s Association, history http://www.abwa.org/About/about.cfm?ID=2
See also, http://www.thenationalnetworker.com/articles/2006_10_womensnetworking.shtml
See also, http://som.csudh.edu/dkarber/501sp01/cdavis/ABWA.htm
See also, http://www.las.iastate.edu/kiosk/1086.shtml
2. ABWA Member profiles, http://www.abwa.org/pdf/2008-2009MemberProfile.pdf
3. Professional development options, http://www.abwa.org/pdf/2008Facts.pdf
4. National Board of Directors, http://www.abwa.org/About/about.cfm?ID=%21%2BP%20%20%0A
5. "Women in Business" magazine, http://www.abwa.org/Sponsors/sponsors.cfm?ID=%21%2A%20%20%20%0A
See also, http://www.kcbronzequill.org/winners.aspx

</doc>
<doc id="19456824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456824" title="Into the Labyrinth (Saxon album)">
Into the Labyrinth (Saxon album)

Into the Labyrinth is the 18th studio album by British heavy metal band Saxon, which was released on 9 January 2009. The album was made in between Saxon tours in 2008 and written by the band in England and at Biff Byford's house in France. The first single "Live to Rock" was released on 17 October 2008. The album sold about 1,000 copies in the US in the week after its release.
A proper physical fourteenth track is featured on the Japanese CD pressing, released on 3 February 2009. Prior to 3 February, the track was only sold as a compressed/lower bit rate download.
The song "Coming Home" is originally from Saxon's "Killing Ground" album, in an electric version.
In November 2008, it was officially announced that the band would hold the 'Riff King' competition, where fans could play a solo for their single "Live to Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="19456829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456829" title="Live in Japan (Rodrigo y Gabriela album)">
Live in Japan (Rodrigo y Gabriela album)

Live in Japan is the second live album by Mexican guitar duo Rodrigo y Gabriela. It was released on independent label Rubyworks Records on October 17 and October 20 in Ireland and the UK, respectively. The album captures Rodrigo & Gabriela making their live Japanese debut, at Tokyo’s Duo club on March 30, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19456831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456831" title="Kingsway, Swansea">
Kingsway, Swansea

In Swansea, Kingsway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19456844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456844" title="Brian Taylor (journalist)">
Brian Taylor (journalist)

Brian Taylor (born 9 January 1955 in Dundee) is the political editor for BBC Scotland. Taylor – who joined the BBC in 1985 – originally co-presented "Left, Right and Centre" and was political correspondent prior to his current role.
In 2009, he presented "Holyrood and the Search for Scotland's Soul", a documentary by "BBC Scotland Investigates" to mark the 10th Anniversary of the devolved Scottish Parliament.
Early life.
Taylor attended the independent High School of Dundee and graduated from the University of St Andrews in 1977 with an MA (Hons) degree in English. Following his graduation, Taylor was employed as a journalist by the Aberdeen-based Press & Journal before a six-year spell as a lobby correspondent at Westminster.
The BBC.
Taylor joined the BBC in 1985, co-presenting the BBC Scotland political programme "Left, Right and Centre" with Kirsty Wark, and presenting "Good Morning Scotland". Following this, he was appointed political correspondent and then political editor.
Taylor has written two books on Scotland's new Parliament: "The Scottish Parliament" (Polygon, Edinburgh University Press, 1999), a definitive account of the road to devolution and its consequences; and "Scotland's Parliament: Triumph and Disaster" (Edinburgh University Press, November 2002), analysing the early years of the new Parliament.
Personal life.
Taylor is married with two sons.
Taylor is a keen Dundee United football supporter and attends games regularly. He has presented the club's inaugural Hall of Fame dinner on a number of occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="19456847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456847" title="2008 Volleyball America's Cup Squads">
2008 Volleyball America's Cup Squads

This article shows all participating team squads at the 2008 Volleyball America's Cup, held from September 24 to September 28 in Cuiabá, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19456857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456857" title="Zimswitch">
Zimswitch

Zimswitch, operated by Uniswitch, is a Zimbabwean third party transaction acquiring business launched in the 1990s. Zimswitch is affiliated with 13 commercial banks which operate a network of over 300 point of sale terminals. 

</doc>
<doc id="19456872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456872" title="Heberlein brake">
Heberlein brake

Heberlein brake is a continuous railway brake used in Germany that is applied by means of a mechanical cable. Train braking is therefore initiated centrally from the locomotive using a winder. This causes the brake clips to be applied on individual wagons, assisted by a servo system which makes use of the rotation of the axle. The brakes operate automatically if the cable snaps. A typical feature of "Heberlein" brakes is the clearly visible cable run on top of the wagons, but cables can also be led underneath the wagons, as on the "Spreewaldbahn" railway line. "Heberlein" brakes were eventually largely replaced by compressed-air brakes or, sometimes, by vacuum brakes on narrow gauge railway vehicles.
The "Heberlein" brake is still permitted as an operating brake on German railways due to it being both continuous and automatic, and at the low speeds on narrow gauge lines this means it is perfectly safe.
On several narrow gauge railways in Saxony, numerous vehicles with "Heberlein" systems can still be seen. These include the "Lößnitzgrundbahn", "Weißeritztalbahn" and Rittersgrün narrow gauge museum railway. On the "Preßnitztalbahn" trains using "Heberlein" brakes run regularly, several times a year. 
Because of the way they operate, there is a longer delay with "Heberlein" brakes before the brakes take effect when compared with compressed-air or vacuum brakes. As a result, locomotive and train crews have to be given appropriate training and experience when using this type of brake in practice.
The Görlitz weight brake ("Görlitzer Gewichtsbremse"), a form of cable brake, operates in a similar way to the "Heberlein" brake, but differs markedly in its design details, as does the "Schmid" continuous spiral-toothed gear brake. 

</doc>
<doc id="19456875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456875" title="Wang Yihan">
Wang Yihan

Wang Yihan (born January 18, 1988 in Shanghai) is a professional female badminton player from China and former women's singles world champion. Wang started her career with her coach Wang Pengren at only nine years of age. She was selected for the junior team in 2004, and after being promoted to the senior team in 2006 she began to shine in major tournaments. By October 2009 she was the top ranked Women's singles player in the world. She is currently coached by Zhang Ning, twice Olympic gold medalist.
Career.
Wang appears to be one of China's rising badminton stars. She won girl's singles at both the Asian Junior and the World Junior Championships in 2006. In open international competition she captured the Badminton World Cup in 2006, and the Bitburger and Russian Opens in 2007. In September 2008 she defeated the Chinese-Hong Kong "veteran" Zhou Mi in the final of the Japan Open. The tourney is one of the Badminton World Federation's Super Series events which carry the highest level of prize money in the sport.
In 2009 she won the Yonex German Open singles competition against fellow countrywoman Zhu Lin, and just one week later, at the age of 21, the prestigious All-England Championships against Denmark's Tine Rasmussen. Wang then went on to win the Wilson Swiss Open against compatriot Jiang Yanjiao (21–17, 17–21, 21–13). Wang won the Macau Open for the first time in August 2009 when she again beat Jiang Yanjiao (16–21, 22–20, 21–12). In September 2009, Wang won her second YONEX Open Japan title by beating Wang Xin (21–8, 21–9). Wang then won the French Super Series This was also her 7th title overall in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19456881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456881" title="LFG V 20">
LFG V 20

__NOTOC__
The LFG V 20 Arkona (named for Kap Arkona on Rügen) was a seaplane airliner produced in small quantities in Germany in the early 1920s. It was a conventional, strut-braced, low-wing monoplane with an enclosed cabin for four passengers. The undercarriage consisted of twin pontoons. Originally produced in wood, a metal version of the aircraft was also developed
The V 20s were operated by Luft-Fahrzeug on its Hamburg-Stettin-Danzing and Stettin-Swinemünde-Stralsund routes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19456893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456893" title="Verticordia oculata">
Verticordia oculata

Verticordia oculata is a sprawling woody shrub found in Western Australia. The plant displays silver-white flowers with a dark centre of lilac and purple, the largest flowers of the genus "Verticordia".
A low growing shrub up to 700 millimetres in height that sprawls out 0.3 - 1 metre. The species possess a lignotuber, from which several or many main stems emerge. The floral and stem leaves are circular in outline, with a distinct white margin, and attach directly to the stem. The flowers are grouped in a spreading arrangement at the upper parts of the stem. These are composed of feather-like sepals, 10 millimetres long, that have 12-14 silver-white lobes, becoming lilac to purple at the base, and petals with deeper colouration. The petals, 7-8 millimetres long, also contain 15-17 fine lobes structures which contribute to its resemblance to an eye. Flowering occurs between October to December.
The species was first described in 1856 by Carl Meissner, from a collection made by James Drummond in 1851. The botanist Ferdinand von Mueller became entranced by its floral display when he visited the area in 1877, later describing the shrub as the 'princess of Australian flora'. 
"Verticordia oculata" is found growing with several other species of the genus, in heaths and shrublands, on white, red, and yellow sand. It occurs on sandplains and ridges in the northern regions of Southwest Australia. It has a distribution range north of the Principality of Hutt River to a locality west of the Billabong Roadhouse. Specimens are recorded near the coast and inland to Yuna.
This species and "Verticordia etheliana" are thought to have created a hybrid, which was discovered then lost to bushfire in the Kalbarri National Park. The collectors cloned material from their specimen and continue to propagate the natural hybrid, now known as "Verticordia" 'Wemms find'. 

</doc>
<doc id="19456901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456901" title="Ulice jak stygmaty – absolutne rarytasy">
Ulice jak stygmaty – absolutne rarytasy

Ulice jak stygmaty – absolutne rarytasy – Pidzama Porno's sixth album, released in 1999 by S.P. Records. This CD contains new versions of old Pidzama's songs, also some songs which had not been written by Grabaż – "Nimfy (Baby)" by the words of Anatol Stern, "Dłoń, która podpisała papier" – by the words of Dylan Thomas (translated by poet Stanisław Barańczak) and "Outsider" – a song originally made by T.Love, written by Muniek Staszczyk, personally a friend of Krzysztof "Grabaz" Grabowski. The album was recorded in Studio CZAD in Swarzedz.
The band.
and also:

</doc>
<doc id="19456915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456915" title="Tara Garh">
Tara Garh

Tara Garh (), (Gurmukhi: ਤਾਰਾ ਗੜ੍ਹ) is a village in the Pattoki tehsil of Kasur District in the Punjab (Pakistan).

</doc>
<doc id="19456927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456927" title="Jump and Jive with Hi-5">
Jump and Jive with Hi-5

Jump and Jive with Hi-5 is first CD by Hi-5, released in 1999 by Sony Music, the songs are from Season 1. And same title was also for Hi-5 EUA. It was released by Koch Records in 2004. 
American version (2004).
It can be found on the iTunes Store, where it is noticeably extended with more tracks and karaoke versions, ending with the 28-second song "We're Hi-5".

</doc>
<doc id="19456937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456937" title="Camelia Voinea">
Camelia Voinea

Camelia Voinea (born March 1, 1970 in Constanţa, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast, who competed in international events between 1984 and 1988. She was best known for her powerful tumbling, her innovative 1986-87 floor exercise that featured breakdancing elements, and for being the first gymnast to tumble a double layout to punch front somersault. In 1987 she scored a perfect ten for the floor exercise during the team competition event at the World Championships.
Career.
Voinea started to train for gymnastics at the CSS 1 Farul Constanta Club under the direction of coach Matei Stănei. Later she trained with the national team at Deva under coaches Adrian Goreac, Adrian Stan, and Maria Cosma. Her international debut was at the Balkan Championships (1984) where she placed first with the team, second all around, first on floor, and second on vault and uneven bars. The 1985 World Championships in Montreal was her first major international competition. She won silver with the team, placed fourth in the uneven bars event, and ninth in the all around. One year later she was invited to compete in the World Cup in Beijing. She placed ninth all around and won silver on floor behind Elena Shushunova.
At the 1987 European Championships in Moscow, Voinea won silver in the floor finals and she tied with Laura Munoz for eighth place in the all around. Together with Aurelia Dobre, Eugenia Golea, Celestina Popa, Daniela Silivaș and Ecaterina Szabo, Voinea was a member of the gold medal winning team at the 1987 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. During the floor event in the team optional finals Voinea, Dobre and Silivaș scored three consecutive 10s from the judges. It was the first time in gymnastics history that three teammates had gotten perfect scores in succession. Voinea brought the crowd alive in her floor routine with a funky display of break dancing.
One year later, Voinea was a member of the silver winning team at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Post retirement.
Voinea retired after the 1988 Olympic Games. Following her retirement she attended the University of Bucharest for two years, leaving mid-way for a coaching opportunity in Italy. She returned home in 1994, to coach alongside her first coach Matei Stănei. The money Voinea earned while coaching abroad was invested in an agricultural business near Constanta.

</doc>
<doc id="19456963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456963" title="Leif Enecrona">
Leif Enecrona

Leif Enecrona (born 5 March 1940 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider who reached the finals of the Speedway World Championship three times. He rode for Gamarna from 1961 to 1966 and then for Getingarna from 1967 to 1976 as well as a brief spell in the UK for the Long Eaton Archers in 1966. He won the Swedish Championship in 1968. He is the grandfather of Teddy, Diella and Delino.

</doc>
<doc id="19456973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456973" title="Virginia Slims of Florida">
Virginia Slims of Florida

The Virginia Slims of Florida is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played from 1984 to 1995. It was held at the Frenchman's Creek Beach & Country Club in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida in the United States in 1984, at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida in the United States from 1985 to 1986, at the Boca Raton Resort & Club in Boca Raton, Florida in the United States from 1987 to 1992, and at the Delray Beach Tennis Center in Delray Beach, Florida in the United States from 1993 to 1995. The tournament was played on outdoor clay courts in 1984 and on outdoor hard courts from 1985 to 1995.
Steffi Graf was the most successful player at the tournament, winning the singles competition six times. Past singles champions also include Chris Evert and Gabriela Sabatini, who both won the tournament three times.

</doc>
<doc id="19456979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456979" title="MotoGP '08">
MotoGP '08

"MotoGP '08" is a motorcycle racing video game. It is available for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and Wii (simply called "MotoGP"). For 2008, the rights to develop video games representing the MotoGP brand have been granted to a single publisher: Capcom. For the first time in recent years, the game includes the addition of playable 125cc and 250cc support classes. The Wii version of the game gives the player the option of using the Wii Remote as a handlebar, adding some lifelike control realism to the title.
"MotoGP '07" for the PlayStation 2 has a reputation for emphasis on simulation in contrast to the MotoGP titles published by THQ (for Xbox, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows), which have a reputation for arcade gameplay. "MotoGP '08" is reported to balance these different styles and allow the player to configure an emphasis towards their desired gameplay.
Reception.
Reviews of the game have been mixed; Metacritic's aggregate score is a 68 for the Xbox 360 version.

</doc>
<doc id="19456985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456985" title="Breidenbacher Hof">
Breidenbacher Hof

Breidenbacher Hof is a 5-Star Capella Hotel in Düsseldorf, Germany, located on the Königsallee in the Carlstadt. This nine story hotel was redeveloped by Pearl of Kuwait Real Estate Company, which commissioned Capella Hotels and Resorts to operate the hotel and service its residential apartments. Capella’s founder and CEO is German native, Horst H. Schulze, former President of the Ritz-Carlton Group.
History.
The history of the Breidenbacher Hof begins in 1806, when restaurateur, Wilhelm Breidenbach, won a bid for a plot of land in Düsseldorf. Collaborating with architect Adolph von Vagedes, Breidenbach’s vision to erect a hotel for the rich and powerful was realized. After its opening in 1812, the Breidenbacher Hof flourished, with guests including kings and queens, nobles, politicians and artists, until a major bombing in 1943 destroyed the hotel. After the hotel’s demolition during World War II, the hotel was re-built under the direction of Dr. Georg Linsenmeyer and re-opened in 1950. The property was renovated in 1990 and when it was purchased by the Pearl of Kuwait Real Estate Company it was decided that the Breidenbacher Hof would be rebuilt, restoring the hotel to its historic grandeur. 
The rebuilding of the hotel began in 2006, under the direction of ChandlerKBS development and project management services; Hentrich-Petschnigg & Partner (HPP) acting as the project architect and Hotel Interior Design (HID) facilitating interior design of the hotel. 
During the excavation process for the hotel’s new foundation and sub-street levels, a section of Sandstone was found from the historic “City Wall” of Düsseldorf, below street level. This historic find marked another monumental moment for the city – and Breidenbacher Hof’s history – as construction plans were modified to allow a reconstructed portion of the original wall to be on view from a retail level of the project below. The hotel opened on May 19, 2008, under the management of Capella Hotels and Resorts.
References.
1. ^ “In the Heart of Düsseldorf, the Breidenbacher Hof Begins to Rise on a Historic Foundation.” West Paces Hotels. Retrieved on 2008-8-20.

</doc>
<doc id="19457007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457007" title="Temple Israel (Paducah, Kentucky)">
Temple Israel (Paducah, Kentucky)

Temple Israel is a Reform synagogue in Paducah, Kentucky.
History.
The community was founded in 1864 as the Paducha Chevra Yeshrun Burial Society, and the synagogue was chartered in 1871. In 1873 it became a charter member of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations (now the Union for Reform Judaism).
Paducah's elaborate, Moorish Revival Temple was built in 1893 on the corner of Broadway and 7th Street. The architect was Brinton B. Davis who went on to build the original buildings of Western Kentucky University. The building featured a central tower and a pair of minarets, all three topped with large onion domes (these domes were removed in the early 1930s). There was an oriel window on the front of the tower, and three tiers of horseshoe windows. The front entrance featured a tripartite, columned, horseshoe-arched doorway topped by a tripartite tier of horseshoe windows. This synagogue building was torn down in 1963.
The current Temple building, dedicated in May, 1963, is at the corner of Madison and Joe Clifton Drive.
According to the stone at its entrance, the Temple Israel Cemetery was established in 1859. It is located on Lone Oak Road, adjacent to Mt. Kenton Cemetery 
Unfortunately, in 2004, the current Temple building was attacked by antisemitic vandals.
Temple Israel Today.
According to the Temple Israel website, the synagogue is home to a small Reform congregation of about 35 families. It is a mix of members whose families have lived in Paducah for several generations, as well as those arriving in the area more recently. Owing to the relatively small size, of the congregation, Temple Israel does not have a permanent rabbi, but rather benefits from the unique points of view of student rabbis.
Although Temple Israel is a Reform congregation, its members include those of Conservative and Orthodox backgrounds, who add another level of richness to the Temple Israel family.

</doc>
<doc id="19457009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457009" title="Wigbert Fehse">
Wigbert Fehse

Wigbert Fehse (born 4 December 1937) is a German engineer and researcher in the area of automatic space navigation, guidance, control and docking/berthing.
Biography.
Fehse studied mechanics and aircraft guidance, navigation and control at the Technical University of Berlin (Germany), where he received his master's degree in 1965. In 1972, the doctor’s degree (summa cum laude) has been conferred on him by the Aerospace Institute of the Technical University of Berlin for his research and thesis on hydrostatic bearings as frictionless suspension in navigation instruments.
In addition, in 1965 through 1973, he was responsible for the development of inertial navigation sensors and gyrostabilizers for satellites at Teldix (now Rockwell Collins, Inc.) in Heidelberg (Germany).
In the following years he worked at ESTEC, the main technology development and test centre for spacecraft and space technology of the European Space Agency (ESA) at Noordwijk, The Netherlands, on attitude control and precision pointing problems and became later Head of the Navigation and Guidance Section. There, he and his teams at ESA and in industry developed basic techniques and technologies for automated rendezvous and docking of spacecraft, which are being applied in international space projects, such as the Automated Transfer Vehicle (ATV), the first West-European spacecraft that docked automatically to the International Space Station (ISS) in April 2008.
Since his retirement in 2002, Fehse supports European space companies as a consultant and adviser in rendezvous and coupling issues. These include rendezvous with non-cooperative targets (e.g. removal of space debris in Low Earth Orbit) and servicing of geostationary satellites disturbed by the effects of solar pressure. Furthermore, he continues to give specific lectures at universities and international institutes and industry.
Fehse is internationally known for his work in the area of "automated rendezvous and docking/berthing of spacecraft". In addition to his numerous publications, his handbook on "Automated Rendezvous and Docking of Spacecraft" has been widely recognized. In 2011, his handbook has been translated into the Chinese language.
He contributed to the Encyclopedia of Aerospace Engineering - issued in 2010 - by writing the section on close proximity rendezvous and docking (RVD). and - in 2013 - he wrote "Safety of Rendezvous and Docking Operations" as part of the Handbook on "Safety Design for Space Operations" 

</doc>
<doc id="19457035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457035" title="Duran (comics)">
Duran (comics)

Duran is a fictional character from DC Comics who was created as part of the "Planet DC" annuals event. His first appearance is in "Superman Annual" (vol.) 2 #12 (August 2000). He was created by Oscar Pinto, Giovanni Barberi, and Francisco Haghenbeck.
Fictional character biography.
Duran is a Mexican wizard who is a member of the fictional "Oto tribe" (presumably no relation to the Otoe tribe of Iowa and Missouri). Disturbed by the practices of capitalist, anti-environment developers, Duran becomes their sworn enemy, and embarks on a career of eco-terrorism. He devises a plan to summon and set loose an army of monsters against the Mexican people, to punish them for the pollution they produce.
Duran abducts a young girl, to his base under the Plaza de la Constitución in Mexico City, with the intention of using her as the focus of a magical ritual to summon the power of the Aztec god Ometeotl. His plans were foiled by Superman with the assistance of the Mexican heroes Iman, Acrata and El Muerto.

</doc>
<doc id="19457040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457040" title="Sorority Row">
Sorority Row

Sorority Row is a 2009 American slasher film, centred around a college prank that goes wrong and comes back to haunt the sisters of Theta Pi. It is a re-imagining of the 1983 slasher film "The House on Sorority Row". It was directed by Stewart Hendler, written by Josh Stolberg and Pete Goldfinger, and stars Briana Evigan, Leah Pipes, Rumer Willis, Jamie Chung, Margo Harshman, Audrina Patridge, Caroline D'Amore and Carrie Fisher.
The film was nominated for two Teen Choice Awards in the category Choice of Movie Actress in a Horror film for Audrina Patridge and Rumer Willis' performances.
Plot.
After discovering that her boyfriend Garrett (Matt O'Leary) cheated on her, sorority sister Megan (Audrina Patridge), with the help of her sorority friends - The Good Girl Cassidy (Briana Evigan), Bitchy Jessica (Leah Pipes),Sweet But Geeky Ellie (Rumer Willis),The Desperate To Fit In Claire (Jamie Chung), and Party Girl Chugs (Margo Harshman) - Garrett's sister - pulls a prank on him: she fakes her own death while making out with him. With help from the sisters, Garrett brings Megan to a steel mill, intent on dumping her body in the lake. After Jessica mentions they need to release the air out of her lungs so her body will not float to the top, Garrett stabs Megan through the chest with a tire iron, actually killing her. The group decides to dump Megan's body in the mine, along with the tire iron. Eight months later, the girls have grown apart and put the incident behind them, although Cassidy still feels guilty about the incident. 
During the party held after graduation, the girls all receive a picture sent to their phones: a robed arm holding the bloody tire iron Garrett used to kill Megan. Suspicion immediately falls on Garrett, but Chugs insists he's changed after the incident and is not mentally competent. Jessica takes the lead and insists it is merely a sick joke by him and continues with the party. Megan's younger sister, Maggie (Caroline D'Amore), arrives, wanting to honor her sister's memory by attending the party. Later, Chugs leaves to go to her therapist appointment. However, upon arriving for her appointment, an unknown figure also arrives at the scene and throws a spiked tire iron at the therapists' head. Not knowing that her therapist was killed, but instead thinks he is playing a sexual game, she lies down and drinks champagne when she is suddenly murdered by a mysterious killer wearing a hooded black robe. The killer shoves the champagne bottle down her throat and slashes her throat with a tire iron with the bottle still shoved down her throat. 
Later, in the sorority's shower room, Claire and Jessica discuss about the incident. After they leave, a sorority girl named Joanna, who overheard their conversation, is murdered by the mysterious killer with the same tire iron, who stabs it up her chin. That night, the large graduation party is thrown. Claire dumps her boyfriend, Mickey, for his pervertedness and he continues hitting on a few girls at the party, including Ellie, but keeps getting rebuffed. He is then attacked and murdered by the hooded killer who breaks his leg and cuts his throat downward with a tire iron and stuffs him in the dumbwaiter, with Ellie witnessing it. Cassidy, Claire, Jessica and Ellie regroup and all receive a text containing the video of Megan's death and a message telling them to go to the steel mine in 20 minutes or the video will be sent to the police. The girls drive to the mine shaft, and encounter Garrett, who has cut his wrists. Convinced that Garrett is the one stalking them, Jessica murders him by running him over with her car. However, they discover afterward that Garrett has been receiving the same text messages they have. 
Ellie suspects that Megan is the killer, believing that she did not actually die and is seeking revenge. To prove that Megan is dead, the girls lower Cassidy down the shaft to check, but instead of finding Megan's body, she finds a message written in blood says "Theta Pi must die". Back at the now empty sorority house, the girls receive a text from Chugs' cell phone, telling them that she is dead. Afterward, Claire is shot in the mouth with a flare gun. Searching the house for Jessica's boyfriend, Kyle (Matt Lanter), the girls run into Maggie and their house mother, Mrs. Crenshaw (Carrie Fisher). After finding out about the incident, Mrs. Crenshaw tells the girls to lock themselves in a bedroom and to call the police while she searches for the killer, who is in the house. Maggie is shocked when she realizes what happened to her sister and leaves the room to find Megan. 
After a game of cat and mouse in the kitchen, Mrs. Crenshaw is killed by impalement with the tire iron. The girls hear the shots from Mrs. Crenshaw's shotgun and believe that she killed Megan. With no cell phones around, Cassidy and Jessica decide to find Mickey's body and use his cell, telling Ellie to run if she gets the chance. Downstairs, the killer confronts Maggie and throws a Molotov cocktail at her, setting the house on fire. Cassidy and Jessica find Mickey's body in the dumbwaiter but run into Kyle, who injures Jessica after getting into a fight with her. Cassidy and Jessica flee to an under-renovation bathroom where they find Megan's decomposing corpse hanging in the shower. Kyle attacks them there and knocks out Jessica. Before he can harm Cassidy, Kyle is killed with a blow in the head with an axe by Andy (Julian Morris), Cassidy's boyfriend, who reveals himself to be the killer. As Jessica regains consciousness and tries to negotiate with Andy, Andy sends a tire iron stabbing through her mouth and pinning her to the wall. 
Andy at first protected them by keeping the knowledge to himself. Andy wanted to have a perfect future with Cassidy, but she was always at risk of being found out. Andy decided to kill everyone who knew of Megan's murder. He tells Cassidy that they need to kill Ellie too. Cassidy is opposed to this, but Andy says that the geekish Ellie is the weakest and reveals that Ellie was the one who confided in him all about Megan's death, so she will be likely to tell someone else. Devising a plan, Cassidy plays along and tells Andy that Ellie is in the basement, and while Andy goes to look for her, Cassidy fetches Ellie from upstairs and they try to run out the front door, but are attacked by Andy, who is hurt that Cassidy would betray him. Urging Ellie to flee, Cassidy hits Andy with a lamp and tries to escape, but stops as she hears the cries for help of Maggie, who is trapped in the flames. 
Cassidy tries to rescue her, but Andy comes and tries to kill Maggie, though Cassidy stops him. The floor then crumbles underneath Cassidy, and she is left hanging over the burning basement. As Andy is about to finish her off, Ellie appears and shoots him with Mrs. Crenshaw's shotgun. He falls backward onto the burning floor, which collapses under him and he falls to his death into the flames. With Andy dead, Maggie wraps a blanket around herself and escapes the flames, and the two then pull Cassidy back up from the hole in the floor. Cassidy, Ellie, and Maggie escape from the burning sorority house, just as the fire department and other emergency personnel arrive. 15 months later, the Theta Pi building is being renovated from the fire and Maggie is now a Theta sister. As the girls sing the Theta Pi song, a man comes into view, holding a garden trowel. The camera pans up to his wrist, revealing scars, implying that Garrett is still alive.
Production.
"Sorority Row" entered pre-production in January 2008. Principal photography began on October 16, 2008 in the Pittsburgh area. Although set in Anytown, USA, producers of the film wanted to take advantage of Pennsylvania state tax credits (much like the 2009 remake of "My Bloody Valentine") and the strength of local film crews. The film was mostly shot at night in Munhall, one block from the Carnegie Library of Homestead, where about 10 houses were dressed to resemble a sorority row. The graduation scene for the film's school Rosman University, a fictional east coast school (named after the writer/director of "The House on Sorority Row") was shot outside of Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall in Pittsburgh's Oakland neighborhood. Interiors of the Theta Pi sorority were filmed on sets built in a warehouse near Crafton, Pennsylvania. Filming ended on March 26, 2009. The film was officially completed on May 2, 2009.
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack was released by E1 Music on August 31, 2009, and featured music by musical artists such as Shwayze, Ladytron, Lykke Li, Aimee Allen, and Camera Obscura, among others. The album received 2.5 out of 5 stars from Allmusic, stating: "Of the 15 tracks, only a few are even remotely memorable (Ladytron's "Ghosts," Camera Obscura's "Tears for Affairs," and Dragonette's "booty" anthem "I Get Around" come to mind), but there's hardly a dull moment."
Reception.
Critical reception.
Reviews for "Sorority Row" were generally negative, although the performances of Briana Evigan and Leah Pipes were praised. Review website Rotten Tomatoes reports that 22% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based upon a sample of 68.
Box office.
The film grossed $5,059,802 during its opening weekend, placing sixth in the process. It then fell more than 50% during its second weekend of release, while finishing with $8,965,282 in total. Internationally its performance was mixed compared to its domestic run. It did manage fourth place in its debut in the UK, while it missed the top ten in both Australia and Mexico.
Release.
A teaser trailer premiered at the 2009 San Diego Comic-Con International along with the main cast discussing the film's premise and how it felt working with the crew. "Sorority Row" was released on September 9, 2009 in the UK and September 11, 2009 in the USA. The DVD and Blu-ray Disc were released on the 11th January 2010 in the UK and the 23 February 2010 in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="19457055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457055" title="Koncertówka part 1">
Koncertówka part 1

Koncertówka part 1 is Pidżama Porno's first bootleg, and their eighth in career album, released on 2 September, 2002. This album contains tracks recorded on XII birthday in Poznan - December 2000 (tracks 1–15). Tracks no 16 and 17 are from Proxima - October 2001. Track no 18 is a sample from the movie "Wodzirej".

</doc>
<doc id="19457056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457056" title="Cellini (surname)">
Cellini (surname)

Cellini is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19457059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457059" title="Charles James Mott">
Charles James Mott

Charles James Mott (1880 – 22 May 1918) was an English baritone singer.
Biography.
Charles James Mott was born in Hornsey, North London, the son of Henry Isaac Mott, a surveyor's clerk, and Eliza Brockley, a singing teacher. He was one of a large family. His early music was as a choirboy at St. James' Church in Muswell Hill. When he left school he took a clerical job like his brothers, and he became a bank clerk, where he was well known for his habit of singing to himself as he worked. After work he studied singing with Josiah Booth and Henry Stanley, before being spotted by Baron Frederic d'Erlanger who sent him to study with Paul Knupfer in Berlin. A year later, such was his progress that Knupfer arranged an audition with the Hofoper at Dessau leading to his becoming principal baritone.
At the age of 25 Charles returned to England to continue studying with Madame Novello Davies. His chance to sing publicly in England came when he was invited to share the stage with a new tenor, John McCormack. In 1909 he was given supporting roles at the Royal Opera, before being given the part of Méru in Meyerbeer's "Les Huguenots", singing with Luisa Tetrazzini. In 1912 he sang in the Wagner Festival in Budapest, and the next year at the Edinburgh Festival. Early in 1913 he participated in an unsuccessful production of Raymond Roze's Joan of Arc, but later that year he was fortunate in playing leading roles more to his liking in Wagner's "Tristan und Isolde", "Lohengrin" and Bizet's "Carmen". Early in 1912 Mott sang the part of the Second Knight of the Grail in The Royal Opera's Festival of German Opera production of Wagner's "Parsifal" - this was the first English production, though sung in German. Following "Parsifal", Mott sang in "Tristan", "Meistersinger" and "Götterdämmerung".
In 1914 the English composer Sir Edward Elgar attended the Festival, expecting to hear "Tristan", but instead of that the curtain rose on "Meistersinger" in which Mott by chance took August Kiess's part of Kothner. Mott would have been singing the part of the Nachtigall, but Kiess was indisposed. Elgar was impressed by Mott's voice, praised him personally and remembering him later, recommended him for the part of the Priest in his "Gerontius".
Elgar invited Mott to play the key role of The Organ Grinder in Lena Ashwell's production of "The Starlight Express" at the Kingsway Theatre, and this was followed by successful performances in Elgar's song cycle on Kipling's poems "The Fringes of the Fleet". In 1916 Mott played the part of the Angel of the Agony in "Gerontius", alongside Clara Butt and Gervase Elwes, with the composer conducting. There was a run of six performances at Queen's Hall from 8 May and a gala performance on 19 May in the presence of the King and Queen. At the end of that year he sang in Coleridge-Taylor's exotic "Scenes of Hiawatha".
He was conscripted into the British army and joined the Artists Rifles. On 20 May 1918, during the Third Battle of the Aisne, whilst on active service with his comrades in Aveluy Woods, he was mortally wounded by enemy fire. He died of his wounds two days later. There were other singers in the regiment, and he was fondly remembered by one of them, Roy Henderson, for his popularity, unconventionality and light-heartedness. Lance-Corporal Charles James Mott was buried in grave 2, plot 11, row C of Bagneux British Cemetery, south of Gezaincourt (Somme), France.
Sir Edward Elgar, wrote to a friend:"It is difficult to believe that Charles Mott is dead; dead of wounds in France. I am overwhelmed: a simple, honest GOOD soul."
Recordings.
Mott made recordings of "The Starlight Express" and "The Fringes of the Fleet".

</doc>
<doc id="19457076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457076" title="Jackie Craven">
Jackie Craven

Jackie Craven is an American writer and author who specializes on architecture, designs and cultural travel. Craven has published several books, namely "The Stress-Free Home" and "The Healthy Home" and is the architectural guide on the About.com. Craven's travel features have been published in major newspapers in the United States and Canada. She has written extensively for the "House & Garden" magazine, and published many features in "The Providence Journal" and other newspapers, and worked as an architecture coach for "Realtor" magazine and other publications. She holds a Doctor of Arts in English from the State University of New York at Albany. Craven lives in Schenectady, New York, and she was twice awarded by the Schenectady's Heritage Foundation and currently serves on the Schenectady Historic Commission. Craven is also the owner of five large Victorian houses, and is involved with many of Schenectady's restoration projects on historic places. 

</doc>
<doc id="19457077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457077" title="Hare Krishna movement and sexual orientation">
Hare Krishna movement and sexual orientation

Hare Krishna views of homosexuality, and especially the view of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) towards LGBT issues, are generally typical of most fundamentalist religious movements. Nevertheless, same-sex relations and gender variance have been represented within Hinduism from Vedic times through to the present day, in rituals, law books, mythical narratives, commentaries, paintings, and sculpture. The extent to which these representations embrace or reject homosexuality has been disputed within the religion as well as outside of it. 
The Hare Krishna movement, as a distinct Hindu sect, and especially ISKCON, generally view all sex and sexuality (even heterosexual sex within the context of marriage) as being "illicit" with another partner. The focus of one's life is supposed to be geared towards spirituality and not sexuality. Nevertheless, there have been a number of LGBT people involved in the Hare Krishna movement over the years.
Hare Krishna movement in the 1960s.
When A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada came to New York City in the 1960s to start his religious movement, he was met by hippies and beatniks such as Allen Ginsberg, Howard Wheeler and Keith Ham, who took an interest in his Krishna-based religion and spirituality. 
Allen Ginsberg was involved with Krishnaism, and had been chanting the Hare Krishna mantra since he first visited India in 1963. He befriended Swami Prabhupada, a relationship that is documented by Satsvarupa dasa Goswami in his biographical account "Srila Prabhupada Lilamrta". Ginsberg donated money, materials, and his reputation to help the Swami establish the first temple, and toured with him to promote his cause. Ginsberg also claimed to be the first person on the North American continent to chant the Hare Krishna mantra. Music and chanting were both important parts of Ginsberg's live delivery during poetry readings. He often accompanied himself on a harmonium, and was often accompanied by a guitarist. When Ginsberg asked if he could sing a song in praise of Lord Krishna on William F. Buckley, Jr.'s TV show "Firing Line" on September 3, 1968, Buckley acceded and the poet chanted slowly as he played dolefully on a harmonium. According to Richard Brookhiser, an associate of Buckley's, the host commented that it was "the most unharried Krishna I've ever heard." Ginsberg spoke with Swami Prabhupada on many occasions and discussed the importance that the mantra and Krishna Consciousness can have on the world. 
Howard Wheeler and Keith Ham were two early followers of Swami Prabhupada. Howard and Keith met at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, became lovers, and then moved to New York. In New York City, they met Swami Prabhupada, began following him, and went on to play prominent roles in the Hare Krishna movement. Keith Ham became Kirtanananda Swami, and Howard Wheeler became Hayagriva Swami. After becoming involved in the Hare Krishna movement, Kirtanananda became "celibate" (though later was caught breaking his vows), and Hayagriva was married by Prabhupada to Shyama Dasi. The marriage lasted eleven years, and later he was married to Purnamasi Dasi. Nevertheless, the book "Monkey On A Stick" (by John Hubner and Lindsey Gruson, 1988 and 1990) suggests that Hayagriva was likely seeing men throughout those years too. Hayagriva died of cancer in 1989. Kirtanananda Swami, on the other hand, was supposed to be "celibate", but was eventually caught being intimate with a boy in 1993. This was the final incident that basically resulted in Kirtanananda being removed from the New Vrindaban Community that he and Hayagriva originally founded. Kirtanananda, in recent years, has left the United States. Keith Ham died on October 24, 2011 at a hospital in Thane, near Mumbai, India with reasons being quoted as Kidney Failure.
Contemporary.
Musician Boy George was openly involved with the Hare Krishna movement, members of ISKCON have appeared in several of his stage performances, and his 1991 song "Bow Down Mister" includes the Hare Krishna mantra and other references to the Hare Krishnas. Regarding homosexuality and the Hare Krishna movement, George says in his book "Take It Like a Man", "A swami, who I was very fond of, told me it was harder for homosexuals to enter the gates of heaven. I replied, 'especially if you keep them shut. George also wrote, "Some devotees are obviously uncomfortable with my association with Krishna Consciousness. Others treat me with utmost respect and kindness." 
Recent ISKCON views.
In 2001, several LGBT members of ISKCON joined together to form GALVA, The Gay and Lesbian Vaishnava Association (see link below). GALVA works to provide information and support to all LGBT Hare Krishnas, Vaishnavas and Hindus in general. The organization is also dedicated to reminding straight members about the importance of all-inclusiveness and accommodating all members of society in Krishna consciousness. Since its inception, GALVA has expanded its membership to over two thousand and many leaders (such as Bhakti Tirtha Swami) have applauded its efforts.
Regarding the issue of accommodating LGBT persons within the Hare Krishna movement, Hridayananda dasa Goswami—a leading member of ISKCON—has stated, "We should encourage all people from all backgrounds to come to Krishna consciousness, and it is natural to form various associations to support the diverse Vaishnava communities in their spiritual practices. Surely Lord Krishna appreciates and blesses all sincere efforts to help others advance in Krishna consciousness. Vaishnavas should endeavor to bring Lord Caitanya's mercy to all living beings, and we must treat all devotees, and indeed all creatures with appropriate dignity and respect." ("Chakra" editorial, 1/30/2003) 
Regarding the issue of Gay Monogamy and Same-sex marriage, Hridayananda dasa Goswami has further stated, "It is the duty of any society to recognize, and thus encourage, the admirable behavior of its members. Monogamy, among devotees of any orientation, is an admirable achievement in the context of today's promiscuous society, and should be thus appreciated and encouraged. Given the need to balance strict varnasrama with liberal spirituality, I believe that ISKCON should recognize and encourage monogamy among all its members of whatever orientation, and that such recognition and encouragement should take appropriate forms that achieve both purposes: the maintenance of varnasrama and the encouraging of spiritual sincerity. I am not convinced that marriage is the best means in all cases, but some serious, formal and public recognition and appreciation of gay monagamy is, in my view, in the best interest of ISKCON and its members." (Open Letter to "Chakra", 12/11/2004)
Other Hindu views and traditions regarding Krishna and LGBT issues.
Hindu religious narratives.
In the Hindu tradition, in the Upanishada and sacred texts, Brahmacharya ( austere celibacy in mind,word and deed)is described and extolled.Further, it is held as the prerequisite for the spiritual progress of a human being ( CIF Brahmacharya, Gettha Press, Gorakhpur).Sublimation of sexuality and observance of celibacy are mandated even for married couple for spiritual progress.
The Sakhi-Bekhi.
The "sakhi-bekhis" are prominent throughout Bengal,Bihar,Orissa and Uttar Pradesh although their numbers have diminished in recent years. Members of this sect typically dress themselves as women in order to reinforce their identity as "sakhis" or girlfriends of Krishna and to attain the esteemed spiritual emotion known as "sakhi-bhava". Such men are not always transgender or homosexual but in many cases they are. In modern times, the "sakhi-bekhi" sect was condemned as "sahajiya" (unauthentic) when some members began making public shows of their romantic feelings for Krishna while at the same time having illicit relations with "cudadharis" (men dressed up as Krishna with a crown of peacock feathers). Nowadays, most "sakhi-bekhis" crossdress in private and are less conspicuous. They generally worship Sri Radha, the consort of Lord Krishna, although some specifically worship Lord Caitanya (the incarnation of Radha and Krishna combined) and are known as "gauranga-nagaris". Neither group practices castration.

</doc>
<doc id="19457080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457080" title="A la carte pay television">
A la carte pay television

"A la carte" pay television (from the French "à la carte", "from the menu") refers to a pricing model in which cable and satellite companies allow customers to subscribe only to those channels they select. A la carte pricing contrasts the prevailing practice of bundling channels into packaged subscription tiers.
Definition.
The term "a la carte" as applied to pay television has at least two meanings. In the strictest sense, the term refers to the ability of subscribers to select and pay for specific shows, such as is afforded on some Internet services like Amazon Instant Video and iTunes. More conventionally, the term implies that subscribers can choose and pay for individual channels, and it is this definition that is usually employed in the discussions about the issue. In North America, cable and satellite companies offer this pricing scheme, but only for a few premium channels such as HBO and Showtime; the other channels, representing the vast majority, remain in bundled tiers.
History.
North America.
A la carte pricing in North America has been a proposal, not a practice. While program distributors have experimented with smaller bundled offerings, none has offered a true a la carte service in which subscribers can select the exact mix of channels they want to view.
United States.
The precedent for distributors bundling channels, rather than offering them a la carte, began shortly after passage of the 1992 Cable Television Consumer Protection and Competition Act, which enabled broadcasters to seek compensation from distributors in exchange for retransmitting a signal. Larger broadcasters negotiated not for higher fees, but for inclusion of their newer, lesser known, non-terrestrial channels. Fox, for example, obtained distribution for FX; NBC for CNBC. Hence bundling has not been just a marketing choice for distributors, but a contractual obligation.
The debate.
The case for a la carte has centered on cost savings for subscribers. In 2006, Kevin Martin, then chairman of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and one of the best known advocates for the pricing scheme, presented a report to Congress arguing that the average consumer would save 13 percent on cable bills if he or she could subscribe only to those channels actually watched.
Opposition to a la carte programming has come from programmers, program distributors and consumer groups, centering largely on program diversity. When channels are bundled into large subscription tiers, less popular niche channels are more likely to survive because their cost is borne by both viewers and non-viewers, alike. In 2008, the National Congress of Black Women and 14 other groups argued that case in a letter to the Federal Communications Commission, writing that a la carte pricing would "wreak havoc" on programming diversity. Televangelist Jerry Fallwell opposed a la carte pricing for similar reasons, fearing that the pricing model would force Christian broadcasters off the air, although not all religious broadcasters agreed.
In 2011, a combined loss of 1.2 million subscribers to Comcast and Time Warner Cable prompted rumors that program distributors themselves would push to unbundle at least some of their services. Cable analyst Craig Moffett argued that a modified a la carte model, consisting of smaller programming tiers, was more economically feasible for distributors and customers alike. At the time, Time Warner Cable experimented with such an offering in a limited trial, called TV Essentials.
In May 2013, U.S. Senator John McCain introduced legislation that would encourage, through regulatory incentives, programmers and distributors to offer a la carte services. He cited an FCC survey finding that the cost of expanded basic cable has effectively risen from about $25 a month in 1995 to over $54 today, greatly exceeding inflation. Observers had doubts about the bill's prospects to become law, and McCain himself said its chances were unlikely in 2013.
A December 2013 analysis by investment bank and asset management firm Needham & Company concluded that, in the United States, an a la carte scheme would cut $80 billion to $113 billion of consumer value from the industry, cost at least $45 billion in advertising, and eliminate at least 124 channels and some 1.4 million media-related jobs. The firm based its estimates on the assumption that the average annual operating cost of an entertainment cable channel is $280 million, which would require at least 165,000 viewers to break even. Based on 2012 viewership, that would leave about 56 channels standing. Analyst Laura Martin recommended that the current business model of bundled tiered subscriptions be kept with no changes.
Sports programming.
By 2013, the outsized cost of sports programming paid by distributors and passed on to subscribers had influenced the debate. Cable pioneer John Malone said that, for subscribers uninterested in television sports, "runaway sports rights" costs amounted to "a high tax". The most pronounced example was the sports network ESPN, whose monthly per- subscriber fee charged to distributors averaged $5.54, more than four times that of the second most costly national network. According to a New York Times report, many subscribers paid for ESPN through bundled subscriptions, but did not watch it. Of the country's 100 million households, just 1.36 million people viewed ESPN in prime during the second quarter of 2013. ESPN and its parent, Walt Disney Company, called bundling a great value and a force for program diversity, and argued that without bundling, ESPN's monthly fee would rise to $15. ESPN also sought to influence legislation and regulations governing the bundled subscription model. From at least 1999, ESPN hosted receptions for politicians, testified to and lobbied Congress, met with the Federal Communications Commission, and contributed to election campaigns and political action committees
Regional sports programming sold as part of bundled tiers were also a source of controversy. Southern California, for example, saw multi-billion dollar deals for the rights to carry the Los Angeles Dodgers and Lakers. In some markets, distributors, including DirecTV and Verizon FiOS, reacted to the rising cost of the category with $2–$3 monthly subscriber surcharges for sports-oriented packages. The Needham study maintained that the creation of a separate sports tier would reduce industry revenues by $13 billion.
Canada.
In 2012, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission issued two rulings that would permit la carte services, but not require them. The decisions, which sprang from a long-standing dispute between Bell Media and some of Canada's smaller cable companies, gave Bell the ability to charge customers on a sliding scale: the more channels subscribed to, the lower the per channel cost. In October 2013, Industry Minister James Moore said during a television appearance that Canadians "shouldn't have to pay for bundled television channels they don't watch" and indicated that the country's Conservative government would make it easier for subscribers to purchase channels individually.
Previously, Rogers Communications began offering an a la carte package variant: 86 channels for $20.29 a month, with the ability to add additional channels. The pilot project extended four months, from November 2011 to March 2012.
India.
In India, terrestrial television and free-to-air TV is free with no monthly payments while cable, direct to home (DTH), and IPTV require a monthly payment that varies depending on how many channels a subscriber chooses to pay for. Channels are sold in packages/bouquets/bundles or a la carte. All television service providers are required, by law, to provide a la carte selection of channels. India is the first country in the world to couple a la carte pricing with a price cap. Hathway, a multiple-system operator (MSO), was the first to offer channels on an a la carte basis in India. The service was announced on 3 September 2003.
On 3 September 2007, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) issued the "Telecommunication (Broadcasting and Cable Services) Interconnection (Fourth Amendment) Regulation 2007", coming into force from December 1 of the same year, making it mandatory for all broadcasters to offer channels on an a la carte basis to all DTH operators on a non-discriminatory basis. The regulation states, "All broadcasters will compulsorily offer all their channels on a la carte basis to DTH operators. Additionally, they may also offer bouquets, but they will not compel any DTH operator to include the entire bouquet in any package being offered by DTH operators to their subscribers". Prior to the regulation, only customers in areas covered by the conditional access system (CAS), and the cable operators providing the services, had the option of choosing the channels they want to watch and pay for those alone. TRAI intervened after DTH operators complained that broadcasters were forcing them to carry channels that they did not want. In a revised regulation called the "Telecommunication (Broadcasting and Cable) Services (Second) Tariff (Eighth Amendment) Order, 2007", issued by TRAI on 4 October 2007, a revised tariff order with an overall ceiling for cable TV services in non-CAS areas was fixed, and broadcasters were ordered to offer all channels on an a la carte basis to cable operators (MSOs and local cable operators). Like the earlier regulation, concerning DTH operators, this order also took effect on 1 December 2007 and also permitted bouquets of channels to be offered along with a la carte.
Several broadcasters, such as STAR India, Zee Turner, Set Discovery and Sun TV, challenged TRAI's October 4 order in the Telecom Disputes Settlement Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT). On 11 December 2007, TDSAT dismissed the plea to stay the a la carte tariff order for non-CAS areas. TDSAT said that the October 4 tariff order for non-CAS areas is an experiment in the interest of the consumer and should be implemented. On 15 January 2008, TDSAT refused to grant a stay on the appeal challenging TRAI's directive. TDSAT, overruled the broadcasters' objections, and stated that the regulation was perfectly in the public interest and also in the interest of the policy. TDSAT also refused to accept the broadcasters' demand that MSOs should provide names and addresses of their subscribers. TDSAT later set aside TRAI's December 2007 tariff regime. TRAI challenged TDSAT's order in the Supreme Court. On 6 March 2007, the Supreme Court issued an interim order allowing users of cable and CAS to pick their channels without having to accept bouquets as a whole. TRAI argued that if the TDSAT order was not stayed, broadcasters would again club less-popular channels with popular ones and force the service provider and cable operator to take the entire bouquet, with the consumer paying for unwanted channels. The decision brought the December 2007 tariff regime back in force for two weeks, pending formulation of a new tariff mechanism by TRAI. TRAI on 22 July 2010, seeking the Supreme Court's approval to fix a ceiling on the retail tariff charged by local cable operators (LCOs) from consumers in non-CAS areas told the court, "In the analog, non-addressable environment, the authority is of the view that a la carte should not be made mandatory at the wholesale level as technological constraints in any case make it impossible for the benefits of a la carte provisioning to be passed on to subscribers".
In TRAI's, tariff order for 2010, it insisted that for digital addressable systems customers must be given free choice of pay channels, than be forced to pick from a bunch of pre-set bouquet arrangements. TRAI ordered that the change be made by 1 September 2010, with a final deadline of January 2011, if operators needed extra time for technical upgrade. The order stated, "Every service provider providing broadcasting services or cable services to its subscribers using an addressable system shall offer all pay channels to its subscribers on a la carte basis and shall specify the maximum retail price for each pay channel". The order covers all digital addressable systems such as DTH, HITS, IPTV and cable service providers in CAS areas. Prior to the order, pay-channels on digital platforms were not available on a la carte basis. Tata Sky, Airtel digital TV, Videocon d2h and Reliance Digital TV launched a la carte options in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19457085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457085" title="En Vivo Desde Chicago">
En Vivo Desde Chicago

En Vivo Desde Chicago (Eng.: "Live From Chicago") is the title of a live album released by duranguense ensemble Grupo Montéz de Durango. This album became their first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard and Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19457094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457094" title="The Zakat Foundation">
The Zakat Foundation

The Zakat Foundation of America is a Chicago based, Muslim non-profit dedicated to alleviating the immediate needs of the poorest communities, as well as providing emergency relief, post-disaster rehabilitation, development, education, healthcare, orphan sponsorship, and seasonal programs such as Ramadan Iftars and Udhiya/Qurbani. The Zakat Foundation of America is recognized and registered under 501(c)(3) as a non-profit charity organization; therefore all donations are tax exempt.
Mission statement.
Zakat Foundation is an international charity which aims to foster charitable giving and help generous and caring people reach out to those in need with direct aid. We strive to bridge the gap between our financially privileged donors and our beneficiaries in financial need, as we believe that the first group has responsibilities towards the second.
Zakat Foundation is dedicated to alleviating the immediate needs of the poorest communities by providing food, shelter, health care and by delivering relief in emergencies. Zakat Foundation also provides education and training in order to equip people with the skills to help themselves.
Zakat Foundation pursues this mission with compassion and strict standards of efficiency and accountability.
Programs.
Emergency Relief – When tragedy strikes people anywhere in the world, the Zakat Foundation strives to be quick with relief activities to provide victims with supplies and services to not only survive; but recover in the aftermath.
Education – As a humanitarian aid organization, the Zakat Foundation recognize that education is a human right and asserts that the best opportunities for learning to children and adults must be provided worldwide.
Development – It is not only enough to alleviate the immediate needs of a community, the Zakat Foundation strives to provide a people with the tools to change their lives.
Health Care – Among the basic human rights is the right to live healthy and happy, therefore the Zakat Foundation strives to help people who cannot afford medicines or who do not have access to currently available clinics.
Orphan Sponsorship – Orphan care ensures that these children are not alone in the world and have a new chance at a happy life.
Ramadan Iftars – Throughout Ramadan, The Zakat Foundation provides hot meals to Muslims in various countries around the world in order to give them wonderful food to break their daily fast. This obligation of every Muslim is handled with great care every year during Ramadan.
Udhiya / Qurbani – Acting in remembrance of the sacrifice of Abraham (AS) we provide the Udhiya/Qurbani meats to the poor in countries all around the world.
Zakat Ul-Mal – Once every year a Muslim who has attained wealth is compelled by faith to give of what Allah has provided to him in order that the rest of the Ummah may prosper equally.
Sadaqa Jariyah – Provide donors with the chance to establish work that goes on beyond this life.
Akika – To commemorate onerous joy in the birth of a child it is the sunnah of the Prophet Muhammad to sacrifice and share the blessing with others.
Food Package Distribution – Throughout Ramadan and during both Eid celebrations The Zakat Foundation food packages are passed out to literally thousands of people each year.
Countries served.
The Zakat Foundation of America implements and operates in 30 countries through its offices in Africa, Asia and the Middle East.
Awards.
In 2008, The Zakat Foundation of America was awarded Charity Navigator's highest four star rating. The Zakat Foundation has demonstrated exceptional financial health, outperforming most of its peers in its efforts to manage and grow its finances in the most fiscally responsible way possible.
Publications.
Since its establishment in 2001, the Zakat Foundation has produced two documentary videos and a Zakat handbook. The first documentary provides an update about the situation in Pakistan after the 2005 Great Pakistan earthquake and Zakat Foundation's involvement in helping bridging the gap for those in need across the world. The movie offers glimpses of the Aashiana and Rumi International School. 
In 2008, world-renowned war journalist and Zakat Foundation volunteer Kevin McKiernan produced and filmed a documentary about Fu-Xing school, bringing to attention the Muslim community in the Gansu province. Through interviews with students of Fu-Xing and their parents, McKiernan aptly captures the struggles and prejudices faced by Muslims in China, as well as the dreams of the youth and their hopes for education to change the future.
Published in 2007, The Zakat Handbook: A Practical Guide for Muslims in the West is comprehensive guide to the obligatory pillar of Islam has been compiled and presented so that Muslims can better understand the concepts and principles of Zakat and to aid in its calculation so that the needy may obtain their rights of wealth from those whom Allah has financially blessed.

</doc>
<doc id="19457104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457104" title="John Baxter (footballer)">
John Baxter (footballer)

John Baxter (born 15 October 1936) is a Scottish footballer, who played as a wing half for Hibernian, Falkirk and Clydebank during the 1950s and 1960s. He was capped once by Scotland at under–23 level, and played for Hibs in the 1958 Scottish Cup Final, which Hibs lost 1–0 to Clyde. Clyde's winning goal was scored with a shot that deflected off Baxter.

</doc>
<doc id="19457108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457108" title="Allagnon">
Allagnon

Allagnon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19457115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457115" title="Chloe Sutton">
Chloe Sutton

Chloe Elizabeth Sutton (born February 3, 1992) is an American international swimmer who specializes in freestyle and long-distance events and competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Sutton has won a total of five medals in major international competition, three gold, one silver, and one bronze spanning the Open Water Championships, the Pan Pacific Championships, and the Pan American Games. She was a member of the 2012 United States Olympic team, and competed in the 400-meter freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
Sutton was born on Vandenberg Air Force Base, near Lompoc, California, in 1992. She is the daughter of David and Wendy Sutton. Her father is a U.S. Air Force officer who was in the Pentagon at the time of the September 11 attacks and is a former football player who played for the U.S. Air Force Academy. Bypassing her college eligibility, Sutton became a professional swimmer on December 22nd, 2009 during the annual Elite Pro-AM Meet held in Oklahoma City. In 2010, Sutton graduated from high school through the University of Nebraska Independent Study Program.
Career.
As an open water swimmer, Sutton is a three-time medallist, and is an two-time medallist in the swimming pool. She won the first international medal of her career at the 2006 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, winning the 10-kilometer open water event. The following year, at the 2007 Pan American Games, she won gold in the same event.
At the 2008 FINA World Open Water Swimming Championships, Sutton won the bronze medal in the women's 5-kilometer open water event, finishing behind Russians Larisa Ilchenko and Ekaterina Seliverstova. Sutton qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing at the test event in Beijing by beating compatriot Kirsten Groome. At the Olympics, Sutton finished in twenty-second place with a time of 2:02:13.6.
In 2009, Sutton qualified for the 2009 World Aquatics Championships by finishing second in 400-meter freestyle and first in the 800-meter freestyle at the 2009 National Championships. At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, Sutton's best performance was eighth place in the 1,500-meter freestyle.
At the 2010 National Championships, the selection meet for the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships and the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, Sutton placed eighth in the 200-meter freestyle, third in the 400-meter freestyle, and first in the 800-meter freestyle. At the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, Sutton won gold in the 400-meter freestyle and silver in the 800-meter freestyle, the first medals of her career in the pool. Sutton also competed in the 10-kilometer open water event, but was disqualified.
At the end of 2010, Sutton competed at the 2010 FINA Short Course World Championships in Dubai, but finished out of medal contention. She placed fourth in the 400-meter freestyle and seventh in the 800-meter freestyle.
In June 2012, Sutton became the first American to make Olympic swimming teams in both open water and pool events. At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, she earned a spot for the U.S. Olympic team in the 400-meter freestyle to go along with her 2008 Olympic appearance in the open water event. In the 400-meter freestyle final, Sutton placed second behind Allison Schmitt. She also competed in the 800-meter freestyle and finished fourth in the final. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she finished tenth in the preliminary heats of the 400-meter freestyle, and was not among the top eight to advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19457119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457119" title="1899 Ireland rugby union tour of Canada">
1899 Ireland rugby union tour of Canada

1899 Ireland rugby union tour of Canada. Twenty four years after their first international, the Ireland national rugby union team embarked on their first ever international tour in October 1899. Seventeen players were selected to make the journey to Canada but no caps were awarded. Three clubs - Dublin University, Lansdowne and North of Ireland FC - provided fifteen of these players. Ireland often had to field just fourteen players due to injuries. Among those to be injured was James Myles who broke his leg. Myles, who was later elected as an independent TD, had to remain in Canada until December. The rest of the touring party had returned home in November. Ireland won 10 of the 11 matches they played. Their only defeat came against a Halifax XV on the third game of the tour. They scored 150 points and conceded 51. The trip was financed by Duke Collins, an Irish Canadian who originally came from County Dublin but had settled in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="19457121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457121" title="C. Sue Carter">
C. Sue Carter

C. Sue Carter is a biologist and behavioral neurobiologist. She is an internationally recognized expert in behavioral neuroendocrinology. She was the first person to identify the physiological mechanisms responsible for social monogamy.
Background.
Carter studied biology at Drury College in Springfield, Missouri. She completed a PhD in Zoology at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville. In 2001, she joined the faculty of the College of Medicine at the University of Illinois at Chicago, where she is currently Professor of Psychiatry and Co-Director of The Brain-Body Center.
Carter is a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
She is married to Stephen Porges, and has two children: Eric Carter Porges (currently a graduate student at the University of Chicago in Integrative Neuroscience) in Jean Decety's Social Cognitive Neuroscience Laboratory, and Seth Porges (currently an editor at Maxim Magazine in New York City, and previously an editor at Popular Mechanics Magazine).
Academic achievements.
Carter studies social bonding, male and female parental behavior, the social control of stress reactivity and the social control of reproduction, often using animal models such as the socially monogamous prairie vole. Carter’s research focuses on neuropeptide and steroid hormones, including oxytocin, vasopressin, corticotropin-releasing hormone, and estrogen. Her research program has discovered important new developmental functions for oxytocin and vasopressin, and implicated these hormones in the regulation of long-lasting neural and effects of early social experiences. She also has a long-standing concern regarding the consequences of medical manipulations for human development and parent-child interactions, including the use of “pitocin” to induce labor and consequences of breast feeding for the mother and child. Most recently she has been examining the role of oxytocin and vasopressin in mental disorders such as autism, schizophrenia, anxiety and depression. Carter is also known for research on the physiological basis of social behavior, including studies that implicated oxytocin, vasopressin and hormones of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (“stress”) axis in the traits of monogamy including pair-bond formation. She pioneered the physiological study of socially monogamous mammals, including the prairie vole. In collaboration with Lowell Getz, Carter documented the occurrence of social monogamy in prairie voles. Her studies in rodents helped to lay the foundation for the studies of behavioral and developmental effects of oxytocin and vasopressin in humans which are in progress. In collaboration with Margaret Altemus she conducted some of the first studies documenting the importance of breast-feeding in the regulation of maternal physiology.
Honors.
Carter is a Fellow and Past-President of the International Behavioral Neuroscience Society and a recipient of the Matthew J. Wayner-NNOXe Pharmaceuticals Award for distinguished lifetime contributions to behavioral neuroscience.

</doc>
<doc id="19457128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457128" title="LFG V 101">
LFG V 101

__NOTOC__
The LFG V 101 Jasmund (named for Jasmund on Rügen) was a seaplane airliner produced in small quantities in Germany in the 1920s. It was a conventional, strut-braced, low-wing monoplane with an enclosed cabin for five passengers, an enlarged, metal development of the V 20 Arkona (of which a metal version had already been flown).
The V 101 was produced to operate alongside the V 13s and V 20s in service with Luft-Fahrzeug and Luftverkehr Pommern on seaplane routes in North Germany from 1926, possibly in favour of the V 59 that had been considered for this role. 

</doc>
<doc id="19457131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457131" title="Cheating, Inc.">
Cheating, Inc.

Cheating, Inc. is a 1991 short, non-dialogue comedic silent film about a class of students cheating on their exam. The film was an official selection of the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19457140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457140" title="Federation of Independent &amp; Democratic Trade Unions &amp; Workers' Committees in Palestine">
Federation of Independent &amp; Democratic Trade Unions &amp; Workers' Committees in Palestine

The Federation of Independent & Democratic Trade Unions & Workers' Committees in Palestine, representing 50,000 workers, was established in reaction to a lack of democracy within traditional Palestinian trade union federations. Through the efforts of independent labor activists and the Democracy and Workers' Rights Center (DWRC), hundreds of independent workers' committees have conjoined into the Independent Workers' Committees Federation since 2004, holding their first conference in 2007.
Significance.
Existing large-scale trade union federations in Palestine have long since ceased to be democratic according to some observers; the Fateh-dominated Palestinian General Federation of Trade Unions (PGFTU) has not had elections since 1981. In 2007 building criticism of the PGTFU culminated in the official institution of the Federation of Independent and Democratic Trade Unions & Workers' Committees in Palestine, representing over 50,000 male and female workers in independent, democratically-elected unions and workers' committees across the West Bank and Gaza. Mohammad Al-Arouri, formerly of the PGFTU, is a main coordinator of the new federation.
Clashes with the PGFTU.
In 2005 the PGFTU sent a letter to the International Federation of Workers' Education Associations (IFWEA) alleging that "the so-called Independent Workers' Committees are coordinating with the Democracy and Workers' Rights Center headed by Mohammed Dahman2 as well as Hamas movement and the Palestinian National Initiative headed by Mustafa Barghouthi." Such charges, which could lead to imprisonment of those involved, were heavily contested by DWRC.

</doc>
<doc id="19457141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457141" title="Alex Madrid">
Alex Madrid

Alexander Madrid (born: April 18, 1963 in Springerville, Arizona) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher who played from 1987 to 1989 for the Milwaukee Brewers and Philadelphia Phillies. He was and he weighed 200 pounds.
Before professional baseball.
Prior to playing professional baseball, he attended Yavapai College.
The draft.
Madrid was drafted four different times. He was first drafted in the second round of the 1982 January phase draft by the Chicago Cubs. He was then drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the second round of the 1982 June Secondary draft. In the January Secondary phase draft, he was taken by the Texas Rangers in the first round. He finally signed after being drafted by the Brewers in the second round of the 1983 June Secondary draft.
The minor leagues.
Madrid began his professional career with the Beloit Brewers in 1984, going 6–7 with a 4.19 ERA in 22 games started. He played for the Stockton Ports in 1985, and in 1986 he went 12–9 with a 6.03 ERA for the El Paso Diablos. With the Denver Zephyrs in 1987, Madrid went 5–7 with a 5.35 ERA.
First trip to the Major Leagues.
Despite doing poorly in the minor leagues in 1987, Madrid still earned a call up to the Major Leagues, and on July 20, 1987 he made his big league debut. In his first game, while facing the Seattle Mariners, he pitched 1 innings, allowing four hits and three earned runs. Still, the Brewers won the game 13–11. He would pitch two more games in 1987, going 0–0 with a 15.19 ERA in 5 innings overall. He allowed 11 hits, nine earned runs and one walk.
1988.
Madrid began the 1988 season with Denver, going 5–2 with a 4.06 ERA for them. On August 24, he was traded to the Phillies for Mike Young, and then pitched two games for the Maine Phillies, going 0–0 with a 2.32 ERA. Overall, he went 5–2 with a 3.86 ERA in the minor leagues in 1988.
He pitched a few games for the big league Phillies that season, going 1–1 with a 2.76 ERA. He even threw a complete game, although it was a rain-shortened affair.
1989.
He pitched in both the big leagues and minor leagues in 1989. In the minors, he went 3–6 with a 4.84 ERA for the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons. He went 1–2 with a 5.47 ERA in the majors that year. On May 30, he appeared in his final major league game.
1990.
Although he would not appear in the majors after 1989, Madrid did pitch in the minors until 1990, splitting time between the Clearwater Phillies and Red Barons. For the Clearwater Phillies, he went 1–1 with an 0.95 ERA. With the Red Barons, he went 3–8 with a 4.65 ERA. In total, he went 4–9 with a 4.02 ERA that season.
Major league totals.
In the major leagues, Madrid went 2–3 with a 5.63 ERA in 14 games (five started). In 46 innings, he allowed 58 hits, 30 runs, 29 earned runs and four home runs. He walked 21 batters, struck out 16 and threw five wild pitches.

</doc>
<doc id="19457155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457155" title="Runciman">
Runciman

Runciman is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19457158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457158" title="Koncertówka 2. Drugi szczyt">
Koncertówka 2. Drugi szczyt

Koncertówka 2. Drugi szczyt – Pidzama Porno's second bootleg and their ninth album in their whole career. It was released in 10 June 2003. This album contains tracks from XIV birthday concert in Poznan (tracks 3,4,5,7), track no 2 comes from the concert in Proxima, from December 2000. The rest of the tracks (except track no 1 - a sample from a movie called "Wodzirej") come from XIII birthday in Gwint in Białystok.
The band.
Guests:

</doc>
<doc id="19457193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457193" title="Save His Shoes">
Save His Shoes

Save His Shoes is the first studio album by Luigi Masi. The album's title is taken from the song "Over The Top". The two official singles from the album are "Strobelight" and "Armed With Love" which reached #6 and #7 in the UK Dance Charts.
"Radar" was also released as a club single in March 2010 reaching a peak of #7.
Album information.
Masi has worked on the album for a period of two years from 2007 to 2009 with Raine Maida and Chantal Kreviazuk, Jim Beanz, Cutfather and Jonas Jeberg, Quiz and Larossi, Anton Malmberg, Elias Kapari, and Eric Sanicola.
Track listing.
Worldwide edition 

</doc>
<doc id="19457204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457204" title="Punct (magazine)">
Punct (magazine)

Punct (Romanian for "Point") was a Romanian weekly art and literary magazine, published from 1924 to 1925. Founded and directed by Scarlat Callimachi, it was edited by painter Victor Brauner and writer Stephan Roll. Although the periodical was subtitled "A Review of Constructivist Art", it was dedicated not only to Constructivism, but also covered other forms of abstract art and had strong links to Dadaism, publishing pieces by Tristan Tzara. "Punct" was the among the leading avant-garde magazines published in Romania, a group which also comprises "Contimporanul" and the single issue of "75 HP".
The issues of "Punct" were illustrated with linocuts by Romanian artists, among them Brauner, Marcel Janco, Miliţa Petraşcu, János Mattis-Teutsch, M. H. Maxy, as well as by foreign abstractionists such as Victor Servranckx or Kurt Schwitters. Inspired by Viking Eggeling's film design, Janco also composed a formal alphabet for "Punct". The magazine published literary work by Romanian writers (Roll, Ion Vinea, Ilarie Voronca and others), poems by French-language poets (Philippe Soupault, Louis Emié, Georges Linze) and articles on art by Dutch and German painters (Theo van Doesburg, Kurt Schwitters, Herwarth Walden).

</doc>
<doc id="19457218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457218" title="Twentieth Century Encyclopedia of Catholicism">
Twentieth Century Encyclopedia of Catholicism

The List of the 15 Sections of the English series:<br>
I. Knowledge and Faith (15 Volumes)<br>
II. The Basic Truths (13 Volumes)<br>
III. The Nature of Man (8 Volumes)<br>
IV. The Means of Redemption (11 Volumes)<br>
V. The Life of Faith (12 Volumes)<br>
VI. The Word of God (14 Volumes)<br>
VII. The History of the Church (6 Volumes)<br>
VIII. The Organization of the Church (9 Volumes)<br>
IX. The Church and the Modern World (19 Volumes)<br>
X. The Worship of the Church (8 Volumes)<br>
XI. Catholicism and Literature (4 Volumes)<br>
XII. Catholicism and the Arts (7 Volumes)<br>
XIII. Catholicism and Science (8 Volumes)<br>
XIV. Outside the Church (5 Volumes)<br>
XV. Non-Christian Beliefs (7 Volumes)<br>
XVI. General and Supplementary (4 Volumes)

</doc>
<doc id="19457221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457221" title="Makina (disambiguation)">
Makina (disambiguation)

Mákina is an electronic music genre which originated in Spain.
Makina may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19457229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457229" title="Vladimir Gordeev">
Vladimir Gordeev

Vladimir Gordeev (born 30 November 1950 in Georgia, Soviet Union) is a former Soviet international speedway rider who reached the finals of the Speedway World Championship three times but was disqualified in 1971 for using illegal fuel additives. His younger brother Valery Gordeev is also a former rider who reached the World Final on five occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="19457239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457239" title="Poky">
Poky

Poky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19457242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457242" title="Congregation Adath Israel Brith Sholom">
Congregation Adath Israel Brith Sholom

Congregation Adath Israel Brith Sholom is a Reform synagogue located in Louisville, Kentucky. Originally the Adath Israel Temple, it adopted its current name following a merger, but is more commonly known by the informal name The Temple.
History.
The congregation, the oldest in Kentucky, was chartered in 1842 and has occupied six buildings. It is a founding member of the Union for Reform Judaism. 
Brith Sholom, Louisville's third oldest synagogue, was organized in 1880. It was established for those wishing to pray in German, rather than the English used in Adath Israel. It joined the Reform movement in 1920.
In 1976, Adath Israel merged with Brith Sholom. This was motivated by the desire of both groups to improve their physical facilities and to relocate to the eastern part of Jefferson County. For a few years after it was organized as Adath Israel Brith Sholom, it held services in the Brith Sholom building. In 1980, the congregation was able to move into its new sanctuary on Brownsboro Road.
Architecture.
In 1868 the congregation built an elaborate domed synagogue in an Orientalist style that featured twin towers topped by tall domes and a Torah Ark with a horseshoe arch topped by a similar dome. The architect was H. P. Bradshaw.
The congregation's third building, designed by architects Kenneth McDonald and J.F. Sheblessy, was dedicated on June 3, 1906, was informally known as the "Third Street Synagogue." The neo-classical building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 as a result of the strength and prestige of the architects. In 1977 it was sold to an Apostolic Church, the Greater Bethel Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19457243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457243" title="Zlodzieje zapalniczek – reedycja">
Zlodzieje zapalniczek – reedycja

Zlodzieje zapalniczek - reedycja - the new version of Pidzama Porno's album, previously made in 1997. Recorded again and issued by SP Records, contains bonus tracks and videos. It is promoted with the single called “Czekając na trzęsienie ziemi”.
Personnel.
Guests:

</doc>
<doc id="19457245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457245" title="Atombombpocketknife">
Atombombpocketknife

Atombombpocketknife was an American indie rock band from Chicago. The band featured Che Arthur on guitar and released three full-length albums between 2000 and 2004.
History.
Atombombpocketknife formed in 1997 and toured regionally before releasing a 7" record on File 13 Records and then a 10" on Southern Records in 1999. A full-length, "Alpha Sounds", followed on the same label in 2000. Following this the group toured with Man or Astro-Man?, Pinback, and Judah Johnson. A sophomore full-length was issued in 2001, the first on which Che Arthur appeared. Near the end of that same year, drummer Matt Espy (who had joined in 1999) left the group and was replaced by former Sterling drummer Tony Lazzara. Their third and final full-length followed in 2004; the group disbanded in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19457262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457262" title="Sitka">
Sitka

Sitka, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Sitka may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19457268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457268" title="Alagnon">
Alagnon

The Alagnon ("Alanhon" in Occitan), also spelled "Allagnon", is a long river in central France, left tributary of the river Allier. Its source is near the village Laveissière, near the Plomb du Cantal, in the Massif Central. The Alagnon flows generally northeast through the following "départements" and towns:
The Alagnon flows into the river Allier at Auzat-la-Combelle.

</doc>
<doc id="19457276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457276" title="Anísio Ferreira de Sousa">
Anísio Ferreira de Sousa

Anísio Ferreira de Sousa is a Brazilian doctor and serial killer who ran a satanic ring that killed boys in Altamira, Brazil. He was convicted of the murder of three boys and the attempted murder of two others. In total, the deaths of 19 boys have been linked to the ring.
Crimes.
Between 1989 and 1992 boys disappeared around the town of Altamira. The boys were sexually mutilated and murdered. De Sousa was sentenced to 77 years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19457311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457311" title="Ouaga-Saga">
Ouaga-Saga

Ouaga-Saga is a 2004 comedy film by Burkina Faso-based filmmaker Dani Kouyaté. This film was one of the two to three a year that the Burkina Faso government produces. Its plot revolves around ten children striving to reach their goal in life.
Plot.
Each one of the ten children has a goal, although their poverty is in the way of them realising their dreams. In order to make some money, if dishonestly, they steal a bicycle from a wealthy woman and sell it. They divide the money amongst themselves at their compound where they live with Bourémah, an older friend. 
Shortly thereafter, a neighbour becomes suspicious of the friends and begins to eavesdrop. The children, discovering this, malign him so horribly that he notifies the police. Bourémah realises that the police will find the stolen money if they search the compound, so he places it in a bag and leaves. His friends thinks he is stealing this from them instead of trying to help.
Meanwhile, Bourémah leaves for another town and stakes out in a hotel. He decides to play the lottery with what money he has left. Winning the jackpot, he comes back to Ouaga to help his friends fulfil their goals.
Production.
This film was one of the two to three a year that the Burkina Faso government produces. It cost an estimated US$1.2 million. Dani Kouyaté, the director, had five weeks to film this, though it took longer to complete.
Release.
"Ouaga" premiered at the Panafrican Film and Television Festival of Ouagadougou in 2005. "The New York Times" praised it, calling it "the perfect medicine in today's hectic life" due to its offering "the viewer many light hearted moments."

</doc>
<doc id="19457314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457314" title="Anji (instrumental)">
Anji (instrumental)

"Anji" (or "Angi", "Angie" or "On gee") is an acoustic fingerstyle guitar piece composed and recorded in 1961 by noted folk guitarist Davey Graham. The piece is one of the most well-known acoustic blues-folk guitar pieces ever composed, with many notable artists covering it, including Bert Jansch, Simon and Garfunkel and Harry Sacksioni. Anji is in the key of A minor (often used with a capo) and is notable for its trademark descending bassline.
Parts of the tune were sampled for the Chumbawamba track "Jacob's Ladder" from their album "Readymades" and the anti-war single "Jacob's Ladder (Not In My Name)".

</doc>
<doc id="19457339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457339" title="Tom Gorman (1980s pitcher)">
Tom Gorman (1980s pitcher)

Thomas Patrick Gorman is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of seven seasons in the majors, from until .
Born in Portland, Oregon, Gorman attended Gonzaga University, where he played college baseball for the Bulldogs from 1977-1980. Gorman currently is the pitching coach at Oregon City High School where he coached when Oregon City won the 2012 6A State Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19457347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457347" title="The Tide Will Swallow Us Whole">
The Tide Will Swallow Us Whole

The Tide Will Swallow Us Whole is the debut album by Trenches. The album was originally titled "950 Times Per Second," possibly as a reference to the rate at which a black hole allegedly spins.
Awards.
In 2009, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Recorded Music Packaging of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19457348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457348" title="Unconventional Action">
Unconventional Action

Unconventional Action is an anarchist and anti-authoritarian organization formed in the United States with the purposes of engaging in direct action in opposition to the 2008 Democratic and Republican National Conventions. It was structured as an emerging network. Police documents alleging to be based on informants' information claimed that the organization hosted with the RNC Welcoming Committee an "action camp" from July 31-Aug. 3, 2008, at Lake Geneva in Minnesota, which was attended by approximately 50 individuals. According to one of the informants, a raised platform stage labeled "Xcel Center" was the primary target of the training.
Ahead of the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado, Unconventional Action members had their cars searched by police near their convention centre. In Denver, Unconventional Action manifested itself under the umbrella group Recreate68 as Unconventional Denver, "a local coordinating group for a national network of anarchists that planning to disrupt the convention", in the words of the "New American".
Unconventional Denver organized several events throughout the week, including a Reclaim the Streets action an Anti-Capitalist March [http://www.crimethinc.com/texts/rollingthunder/rncdncdocs.php#doc2 and Green Capitalism Education Walk. The group worked with the Iraq Veterans Against War by providing communications support. UD also set up a convergence space open to any progressive and radical activists in town for the DNC protests.
Unconventional Action were supported by CrimethInc. groups, who distributed the organizations plans ahead of the conventions.

</doc>
<doc id="19457351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457351" title="Lioré et Olivier LeO 12">
Lioré et Olivier LeO 12

__NOTOC__
The Lioré et Olivier LeO 12 was a night bomber built in France in 1924. 
Design and development.
The Lioré et Olivier LeO 12 was a large biplane of conventional design, with three-bay equal-span wings and twin engines mounted in nacelles on struts in the interplane gap. The independent main undercarriage units were faired in long, trouser-style spats. Construction throughout was mainly duralumin, skinned in fabric. The pilot's cockpit was open, and there was a second cockpit amidships for a gunner.
Operational history.
When the French Air Force was not interested in the type, three of the four examples built were modified for other roles. One became a 12-seat passenger transport that Lioré et Olivier operated on an airline subsidiary, another had its cockpit and gunner's hatch enclosed and was used by the French air ministry as an experimental testbed, and the third received new engines and better defensive armament and was again demonstrated to the army. The reception to this type, the LeO 122, was barely more enthusiastic, but Lioré et Olivier used it as the basis for further development work that would result in the successful LeO 20.

</doc>
<doc id="19457359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457359" title="Illusion (keelboat)">
Illusion (keelboat)

The Illusion is a one-design, single-handed keelboat based on the lines of a 12 metre yacht. Its features include foot pedal steering, genoa roller reefing, full trimming facilities, large buoyancy tanks, and car-top mounting. It was designed by Jo Richards and Neil Graham in 1981.
UK clubs.
Clubs racing Illusions in the UK are:

</doc>
<doc id="19457369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457369" title="Independent Macedonia (1944)">
Independent Macedonia (1944)

In September 1944, Nazi Germany briefly sought to establish an "independent" Macedonia, a puppet state in the territory of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia that had been occupied by the Kingdom of Bulgaria following the invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941. When Soviet Union forces approached the borders of Bulgaria near the end of August 1944, Bulgaria declared neutrality and briefly sought to negotiate with the Western Allies. As the Bulgarian government was not impeding the withdrawal of German forces from Bulgaria or Romania, that forced the Soviet Union to treat it with suspicion. On 2 September a new pro-Western government took power in Sofia, only to be replaced a week later by a pro-communist government after a Fatherland Front–led revolt. However, on 5 September 1944, the Soviets declared war on Bulgaria.
<noinclude>
The person that the Germans turned to in order to implement this scheme was Ivan Mihailov. Mihailov was a Bulgarophile right-wing politician and former leader of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) that had been engaged in terrorist activity in Yugoslav and Greek Macedonia. Mihailov had become leader of IMRO in 1927 and under his leadership the organisation had joined forces with the Croatian Ustaše in 1929. The two organisations had planned and executed the assassination of King Alexander of Yugoslavia in 1934. After the military coup d'état in the same year IMRO was banned by the authorities. Mihailov fled to Turkey and then Italy, where most of the Ustaše were also in exile. After the invasion of Yugoslavia in 1941, Mihailov had moved to Zagreb where he had acted as an advisor to Ante Pavelić. In January 1944 he had successfully lobbied the Germans to arm some Ohrana supporters and have them placed under "Schutzstaffel" (SS) command in Greek Macedonia, which had also been annexed by the Bulgarians in 1941.
In 1928, Mihailov proposed a plan calling for the unification of the region of Macedonia into a single state, that would be autonomous from Bulgaria. He was a proponent of an United Macedonian multi–ethnic state, with predominantly Bulgarian population, calling it: "Switzerland of the Balkans". During the last phase of the Second World War he tried to realise his plan with German political collaboration, however he abandoned the implementation of this idea due to the lack of any military support. Despite this, an independent state was declared by Macedonian nationalists on 8 September 1944. Without the means to make the state a reality, this pretence dissolved as soon as the Yugoslav Partisans asserted their control following the withdrawal of German troops from the area by mid-November.
Background.
The Kingdom of Bulgaria officially joined the Axis Powers on 1 March 1941 but remained passive during the invasion of Yugoslavia and the majority of the invasion of Greece. The Yugoslav government surrendered on 17 April 1941 and the Greek government surrendered on 30 April 1941. Before the Greek government capitulated, on 20 April, the Bulgarian Army entered Greece and Yugoslavia with the goal of gaining access to the Aegean Sea in Thrace and Eastern Macedonia. The Bulgarians occupied much of what is today the Republic of Macedonia as well as parts of Southern Serbia and Northern Greece. Unlike Germany and Italy, Bulgaria officially annexed the occupied areas, which had long been a target of Bulgarian nationalism on 14 May 1941. However, the Germans regarded this annexation as inconclusive and imposed limited sovereignty of Bulgaria over the occupied territories.
At that time, among the local population the pro-Bulgarian feelings still prevailed and the Macedonian national identity hardly existed. Because of that, initially the Bulgarians were welcomed as liberators. In this way Vardar Macedonia was the only region where the Yugoslav communist leader Josip Broz Tito had not developed a strong Partisan movement in until the Autumn of 1943.
During the Summer of 1943 in the Battle of Kursk for the first time a German strategic offensive had been halted and though the Soviet Army had succeeded in its first successful strategic summer offensives of the war. In the late July, Mussolini was arrested and spirited off to the island of Ponza. The situation of the Axis Powers became crucial. As result in the early August 1943, Ivan Mihailov left Zagreb for Germany where he was invited to visit the main headquarters of Hitler. Here he spoke to Adolf Hitler and other top German leaders. The content of the conversations is almost unknown. Additionally, in Sofia talks were held between high-ranking functionaries of the SS and the IMRO Central Committee members.
On 14 August 1943, a few days before his death, King Boris III also met with Adolf Hitler in Germany. During the talks, Hitler has argued the need an autonomous Macedonia to be created into the frames of the Bulgarian Kingdom, with Mihailov as its head. Boris III agreed with this proposal. Hitler also desperately wanted to convince Boris III to declare war on the Soviet Union and to transfer most of the Bulgarian army on the Eastern and on the Italian fronts. For that purpose the IMRO militias had to take the functions of the Bulgarian army in the "Newly liberated lands" in Greece and Yugoslavia. After Boris' subsequent dead this plans failed. However, it was apparent that Ivan Mihailov had broader plans, which envisaged the creation of independent Macedonian state under German control. IMRO began also active to organise pro-Bulgarian militias in former Italian and German occupation zones in Greece. Bulgaria looked with anxiety on this activities of Mihailov, because it feared that his plan to form "Independent Macedonia" could succeed. Aiming to put him under control Bulgaria set aside his death sentence and he was proposed to return to the country and to take a leading position in Vardar Macedonia, but Mihailov rejected that proposal.
Meanwhile the Bulgarians, who staffed the new provinces with corrupted officials from Bulgaria proper began to lose the public confidence. This process accelerated after the King's dead which concurred with the capitulation of Italy and the Soviet victories over the Nazi Germany in the Summer of 1943. On this basis, the Yugoslav communists, who supported the recognition of a separate Macedanian nation, managed to organize an earnest armed resistance against the Bulgarian forces in the Autumn of 1943. Many former IMRO right-wing activists assisted the authorities in fighting Tito's partizans.
In the August 1944, the Soviet Army was approaching the Balkans. On the other hand, at the same time, the Yugoslav Partisans, who "articulated the slogan of Macedonian unification", increased their activities in Macedonia. As result, the Anti-Fascist Assembly for the People's Liberation of Macedonia declared the foundation of an independent Macedonia on 2 August 1944. The state was proclaimed in the Bulgarian occupation zone of Yugoslavia. On 23 August, Romania left the Axis Powers, declared war on Germany, and allowed Soviet forces to cross its territory to reach Bulgaria. At that time, Bulgaria made a drive to find separate peace, repudiating any alliance with Nazi Germany, and declared neutrality on 26 August. However, its secret negotiations with the Allies in Cairo, to allow it to retain the annexed areas in Greece and Yugoslavia failed, because Bulgaria was "not in a position to argue".
Proposed state.
At that time the Partisans moved into western Macedonia, then under German control, as part of an Albanian puppet-state. Using the situation the Nazis sent a plenipotentiary to meet with Ivan Mihailov, the leader of the IMRO at that time. Mihailov was in Zagreb serving as an adviser to Ante Pavelić where he was pushing for the formation of volunteer units to operate in what is now the Greek province of Macedonia under "Schutzstaffel" (SS) command. He, as the most of the right wing followers of the former IMRO, were pro-Bulgarian orientated, and did not support the existence of Communist Yugoslavia. The Germans were becoming increasingly overwhelmed and, in a last-ditch effort, tried to establish an Macedonian puppet-state. That was the only alternative, instead to leave it to Bulgaria, which was switching the sides. At the evening on 3 September, Mihailov was sent to Sofia, to negotiate here with the Bulgarian authorities and his comrades. When on 5 September, the Soviet Union declared war on Bulgaria Mihailov was transported urgently from Sofia to Skopje.
Contacts were established here with another IMRO leader, Hristo Tatarchev who was offered the position of president of the proposed state. Negotiations were also held with the Macedonian Partisans, mediated by the Bulgarian minister of Internal Affairs Alexandar Stanishev. In spite of all of this, Mihailov's arrival came too late and all negotiations failed. On the next day, 6 September, Mihailov declined the plan for inability to gain support. The failure led to ordering German withdrawal from Greece the same day, when Mihailov and his wife were also evacuated from Skopje. Bulgaria immediately ordered its troops to prepare for withdrawal from former Yugoslavia and on 8 September, the Bulgarians changed sides and joined the Soviet Union. This turn of the events, put the Bulgarian 5th. Army stationed in Macedonia, in a difficult situation, surrounded by German divisions, but it fought its way back to the old borders of Bulgaria.
Nevertheless, the same day 8 September, right-wing IMRO nationalists declared independence; however, the self-proclaimed state was left "virtually defenseless" following the withdrawal of German troops.
Aftermath.
The German command in Skopje did not support the "independent" Macedonian state as their forces withdrew from the region. In the chaos, it tried only to use the new-formed "Macedonian committees" as local police services. Their members were people as Vasil Hadzhikimov, Stefan Stefanov, Spiro Kitinchev, Dimitar Gyuzelov and Dimitar Tchkatrov, all of them vormer activists of the IMRO, the Macedonian Youth Secret Revolutionary Organization and the Bulgarian Action Committees. In between, in the early October 1944, three Bulgarian armies under the leadership of the new Bulgarian pro-Soviet government, together with the Red Army reentered occupied Yugoslavia. The Bulgarian forces entered Yugoslavia on the basis of an agreement between Josip Broz Tito and the Bulgarian partisan leader Dobri Terpeshev signed on 5 October in Craiova, Romania with the mediation of the USSR.
Despite some difficulties in cooperation between the two forces, the Bulgarians worked in conjunction with the Yugoslav Partisans in Macedonia, and managed to delay the German withdrawal through the region by ten to twelve days. By mid-November all German formations had withdrawn to the west and north and the Partisans had established military and administrative control of the region. However, under the political pressure of the Partisans, after the liberation of Vardar Macedonia, the Second and Fourth Bulgarian armies were forced to retreat back to the old borders of Bulgaria at the end of November. The ASNOM became operational in December, shortly after the German retreat. The Macedonian national feelings were already ripe at that time as compared to 1941, but some researchers argue that even then, it was questionable whether the Macedonian Slavs considered themselves to be a nationality separate from the Bulgarians. Subsequently, to wipe out the remaining Bulgarophile sentiments, the new Communist authorities persecuted the right-wing nationalists with the charges of "great-Bulgarian chauvinism". The next task was also to break up all the pro-Bulgarian organisations that opposed the idea of Yugoslavia. So even left-wing politician were imprisoned and accused of being pro-Bulganan oriented. Seeing that he had little support, Mihailov went into hiding, first moving from Croatia to Austria and eventually to Spain and finally to Italy where remained until he died in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19457372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457372" title="Five (Sugarcult album)">
Five (Sugarcult album)

Five was the first ever release of recorded music by Sugarcult. It is an EP containing 5 tracks, some used in their next album "Eleven" and others used in their third album "Wrap Me Up In Plastic".

</doc>
<doc id="19457381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457381" title="Valery Gordeev">
Valery Gordeev

Valery Gordeev (born 28 August 1952 in Georgia, Soviet Union) is a former Soviet international speedway rider who reached the finals of the Speedway World Championship five times. His older brother Vladimir Gordeev is also a former rider who qualified for the World Final on three occasions and was sensationally disqualified in 1971 for using illegal fuel additives.

</doc>
<doc id="19457382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457382" title="Casalesi clan">
Casalesi clan

The Casalesi clan is a clan within the Camorra, an Italian criminal organization, operating from Casal di Principe in the province of Caserta between Naples and Latium. Formed by Antonio Bardellino, it is a confederation of clans in the Caserta area. The Casalesi clan is believed to be one of the most powerful groups within the Camorra, specialising in construction and keeping a lower profile than clans that focus on drug dealing.
History.
In the 1980s, Bardellino realized that cocaine, not heroin, would become the more profitable drug and organized a trafficking operation smuggling it from Latin America to Aversa via a fish flour import-export business. Heroin was smuggled as well, and shipments to the Gambino crime family were concealed inside espresso filters. When one shipment was intercepted by the authorities, Bardellino reportedly called John Gotti and told him; "Don't worry, now we're sending twice as much the other way".
During the Camorra war of the 1980s, the Casalesi sided with Nuova Famiglia against Raffaele Cutolo. In one incident, Casalesi members positioned a machine gun on a hill in Ponte Annicchino and opened fire, killing four Cutolo members. After the Casalesi achieved dominance in their area following the defeat of Cutolo, Antonio Bardellino settled in Santo Domingo with his family. But unrest grew within the Casalesi.
Heading up the clan's military operations were Francesco Schiavone and Francesco Bidognetti, and they thought Bardellino's right hand man Mario Iovine was too close to Bardellino but did not approve of their plans for autonomy. They convinced Bardellino to order the murder of Iovine's brother, and then told Iovine that Bardellino had his brother killed based purely on a rumour. Iovine murdered Bardellino in retaliation in his Brazilian villa in 1988, meeting him under the pretext of discussing their cocaine operation. A number of men loyal to Bardellino were subsequently murdered.
Francesco Schiavone took over as leader. In the early 1990s another war broke out between Schiavone's men and those loyal to another boss, Vincenzo de Falco, who was shot dead in 1991. During this war Mario Iovine was also killed, sprayed by bullets by de Falco's men while in a telephone booth in Portugal. The war lasted four years. In March 2004, Francesco Schiavone's cousin, Francesco Cicciariello Schiavone, was arrested in Poland and charged with 10 homicides, three kidnappings, nine attempted homicides and extortion.
Spartacus trial.
Following his arrest, all the police investigations into the clan were grouped together in the Spartacus Trial. Over 1,300 people were investigated and 500 witness took the stand. The trial against 36 members of the Casalesi clan finally concluded on June 19, 2008, after 10-years. Over the course of the trial five people involved in the case were murdered, including an interpreter. A judge and two journalists received death threats. 
All defendants were found guilty and 16 will never be released. Francesco Schiavone, his lieutenant, Francesco Bidognetti, Antonio Iovine and Michele Zagaria were given life sentences.
Current status.
The clan was jointly ruled by Michele Zagaria and Antonio Iovine, until the latter's capture and arrest on November 17, 2010. The clan was then led solely by Zagaria, until he too was captured on December 7, 2011. He was found in a bunker near his home province. The Casalesi clan is heavily involved in the cement and milk industries as well as the international drug trade, supplying drugs to the Mafia in Palermo and having alliances with Albanian mobsters and Nigerian crime syndicates. Their total assets are estimated to be worth around 30 billion euros.
On September 18, 2008 six African immigrants were shot dead on Castel Volturno in what is believed to be a dispute between the Casalesi and immigrant drug gangs. A riot followed the next day, and the Italian government has deployed 500 troops in the area to deal with the outbreak of Camorra violence.

</doc>
<doc id="19457384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457384" title="Finalista">
Finalista

Finalista is the first concert DVD of the punk rock band Pidzama Porno. This album was released at 26 November 2007. The material was recorded in 3 places: Wroclaw, Kraków and Warsaw. This DVD includes many interviews with the band and technicians.
Tracklist.
Bonus:
The band.
Guests:

</doc>
<doc id="19457400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457400" title="Mikumi National Park">
Mikumi National Park

The Mikumi National Park is a national park in Mikumi, near Morogoro, Tanzania. The park, established in 1964, currently covers an area of 3230 km² and is the fourth largest in the country. The park is crossed by Tanzania A-7 highway.
Territory.
The Mikumi is bordered to the south with the Selous Game Reserve, the two areas forming a unique ecosystem. Two other natural areas bordering the national park are the Udzungwa Mountains and Uluguru Mountains.
Flora and fauna.
The landscape of Mikumi is often compared to that of the Serengeti. The road that crosses the park divides it into two areas with partially distinct environments. The area north-west is characterized by the alluvial plain of the river basin Mkata. The vegetation of this area consists of savannah dotted with acacia, baobab, tamarinds, and some rare palm. In this area, at the furthest from the road, there are spectacular rock formations of the mountains Rubeho and Uluguru. The southeast part of the park is less rich in wildlife, and not very accessible.
The fauna includes many species characteristic of the African savannah. According to local guides at Mikumi, chances of seeing a lion who climbs a tree trunk is larger than in Manyara (famous for being one of the few places where the lions exhibit this behavior). The park contains a subspecies of giraffe, that biologists consider the link between the Masai giraffe and the reticulated or Somali giraffe. Other animals in the park are elephants, zebras, impala, eland, kudu, black antelope, baboons, wildebeests and buffaloes. At about 5 km from the north of the park, there are two artificial pools inhabited by hippos. More than 400 different species of birds also inhabit the park.
Tourism.
The Mikumi belongs to the circuit of the wildlife parks of Tanzania, less visited by international tourists and better protected from the environmental point of view. Most of the routes that cross the Mikumi proceed in the direction of the Ruaha National Park and the Selous. The recommended season for visiting the park is the dry season between May and November, warm weather and beautiful sites that are a once-in-a-lifetime experience,

</doc>
<doc id="19457409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457409" title="American Business Women's Day">
American Business Women's Day

American Business Women's Day is an American holiday, nationally recognized on September 22. 
September 22 marks the 1949 founding date of the American Business Women's Association, the mission of which is "to bring together businesswomen of diverse occupations and to provide opportunities for them to help themselves and others grow personally and professionally through leadership; education, networking support and national recognition". 
This holiday was recognized in 1983 and 1986 by Congressional resolution and a proclamation issued by President Ronald Reagan. It commemorates the important legacy and contributions of the more than 68 million American working women and 7.7 million women business owners.
Moreover, it provides an opportunity for ABWA chapters and individual businesswomen to celebrate their accomplishments within the American and global marketplace.

</doc>
<doc id="19457425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457425" title="Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance">
Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance

The Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance (Facts On File Publishing ISBN 0-8160-4539-9 and ISBN 1-4381-3017-1) by Sandra L. West and Aberjhani, is a 2003 encyclopedia of the lives, events, and culture of the Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s to 1940s. An ebook edition was published through Infobase Publishing in 2010.
Additional authors.
In addition to the hundreds of articles written by West and Aberjhani, the Encyclopedia also includes an extended foreword by Clement Alexander Price. The founder and director of the Institute on Ethnicity, Culture, and the Modern Experience at Rutgers University, Dr. Price in 2013 was appointed by Barack Obama to the presidential advisory council on historic preservation. Other key contributors to the volume are: Iris Formey Dawson, Vaughnette Goode-Walker, Ja A. Jahannes, Karen E. Johnson, and Mary C. Lewis.
Reception.
Acknowledged as the first encyclopedic volume on the subject, "Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance" upon publication received generally favorable reviews. "ESSENCE Magazine" featured the title in its Christmas and Kwanzaa gift-giving guide, The "Times of Trenton" described it as, “"a fascinating guide to a colorful and culturally productive era in African-American history," and the "Rudolph Fisher Newsletter" called it, "an outstanding reference resource highly recommended for libraries of all sizes." In February 2006, "Black Issues Book Review" voted the encyclopedia one of its “essential titles for the home library.” In addition, both the American Reference Books Annual, and Libraries Unlimited’s Recommended Reference Books for Small and Medium-sized Libraries and Media Centers, list the Encyclopedia among its highly suggested titles. 
Awards.
Awards it has received include the “Choice Academic Title Award”, the “Best History Book Award”, and the "New Jersey Notable Book Award" 1999-2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19457430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457430" title="DR Class 58.30">
DR Class 58.30

After the Second World War, the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany had a requirement for powerful goods train locomotives with a 15-18 tonne axle load for routes in the "Mittelgebirge" mountains. As a result the DR Class 58.30 emerged, as part of the so-called 'reconstruction programme', based on rebuilds of the former Prussian G 12 locomotives (later DRG Class 58.2-5, 10-21). Between 1958 and 1962, 56 locomotives, originally from various state railways (even several former Alsace locomotives) were converted at the former repair shop, RAW Zwickau.
As part of this rebuild, the engines were given welded driver's cabs, newly designed boilers (the "Rekokessel") with combustion chambers, mixer-preheater systems, new welded cylinders, Trofimoff valves and "Witte" smoke deflectors. The reinforced Type 58E "Rekokessel" was a slightly modified Type 50E boiler, that was also installed on e.g. the "Rekoloks" of Class 50.35 and Class 52.80 as well as the DR "Neubaulok", the DR Class 23.10. Due to the longer boiler, the frame also had to be extended. The distance between the carrying axle wheelset and the first coupled axle increased by around 300 mm and the overall wheelbase of the locomotive from 8,500 to 8,800 mm. That and other changes meant that the permitted top speed could be raised from 65 km/h to 70 km/h.
After the reconstruction, the Class 58.30, with its new cab, higher-pitched boiler, steep smokebox skirts and two main air reservoirs located above the cylinders, had a completely new and striking appearance. Compared with the original Prussian G 12 engines, the reconstructed locomotives were more powerful, more economical and faster. The engine crews were very pleased with the larger reserves of power of the new boiler. On the plains, the "Reko"-G12 matched the performance of the DRG Class 44. That said, the 58.30 was the most expensive locomotive of the entire reconstruction programme due to its extensive modernisation.
Because the delivery of new tenders in the required quantities was not possible for various reasons and the original pr 3 T 20 and sä 3 T 21 tenders could not be used for safety reasons, there was a major shortage of tenders for this class for a long time. So the Class 58.30 was coupled with almost all available types of four-axled tender to begin with. For example, there are official photographs of engines with the large 2'2'T34 standard tenders as well as the 2'2'T30 tub tenders.
The rebuilt locomotives were primarily stationed in Saxony and Thuringia, above all in the locomotive depots ("Bahnbetriebswerk" or "Bw") of Aue, Döbeln, Dresden-Friedrichstadt, Gera, Gotha and Saalfeld. The last surviving engines were homed at Glauchau. On 12 February 1981, numbers 58 3028 and 58 3032 were taken out of service a Bw Glauchau, thus ending the official deployment of Class 58.30 steam locomotives.
Two locomotives (of Prussian origin) have been preserved as non-working examples for posterity.
Locomotive no 58 3047, reconstructed in 1961 from 58 1955 (ERFURT 5672), (LHB Breslau 1920) is looked after today by the interest group of the same name in Glauchau. In Schwarzenberg, the "Verein Sächsischer Eisenbahnfreunde" ('Saxon Railway Friends Society') accommodates and maintains locomotive no. 58 3049, which was rebuilt from 58 1725 (KÖLN 5617), (Hannoversche Maschinenbau AG Hannover 1920). The former museum locomotive is coupled with a new-design 2'2' T 28 tender; the latter with a 2'2' T 31.5 rebuild tender from a Prussian P 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19457443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457443" title="Delpech">
Delpech

Delpech is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19457490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457490" title="Zaraqan">
Zaraqan

Zaraqan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19457513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457513" title="Adath Israel">
Adath Israel

Adath Israel or Adas Israel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19457534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457534" title="2008 Ukrainian Football Amateur League">
2008 Ukrainian Football Amateur League

Following are the results of the Ukrainian Football Amateur League 2008 season. Participation is restricted to the regional (Oblast) champions and/or the most regarded team by the respective regional association. 
This season competition consisted of two stages. The first stage was organized in regional principal and was played in two rounds where each team could play another at its home ground. On the first stage each group winners and the best runner-up advanced to the next part of the competition automatically, the other four runner-ups were paired together to identify two more teams that were to advance. Sokil Zolochiv that won the play-off and was accepted for the finals at the end was not able to arrive to play. The second stage and the concluding was played in Chernivtsi where the teams were split in two groups and the first places were advancing to the final.
First stage.
Note: Some records are not full.
Group A.
Note: Last two games of Sokil Berezhany were forfeited.
Group B.
Note: Polissya-2 Zhytomyr is the youth sport-school of the disbanded professional team Polissya Zhytomyr.
Final.
The game took place in Kitsman, Chernivtsi Oblast.
Luzhany - Torpedo Mykolaiv 2:1 (1:0)

</doc>
<doc id="19457579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457579" title="Marvin H. Scilken">
Marvin H. Scilken

Marvin Herman Scilken (December 7, 1926 – February 2, 1999) was an American librarian and a leader in the field of library science during the 20th century. Scilken dedicated his life to bringing awareness to libraries and improving services for patrons. He encouraged libraries to take a more practical approach to librarianship and to consider libraries as a house of books rather than information centers. In 1999, "American Libraries" named him one of the "100 Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century".
Early life and career.
Marvin Scilken was born and raised in the Bronx, New York. His parents were Russian immigrants Joseph Scilken and Esther Scilken and he had one sister Marjorie. Scilken attended his local high school, Bronx High School of Science, and then continued his education at the University of Colorado-Boulder where he earned Bachelor degrees in Economics and Philosophy.
When he graduated in 1948, he had not yet considered pursuing a career in library science. It was not until 1960 that library science piqued his interest. Scilken was originally interested in pursuing his Masters in Library Science degree at Columbia University. However, upon applying to Columbia’s program, he was asked for an essay on why he was interested in becoming a librarian and, as Scilken said, “I dawdled so much that time ran out and I failed to get in” As a result, he entered and graduated from Pratt Institute in Brooklyn instead.
Scilken’s career in library science began quickly. In 1964, only a few years after his graduation, he received a directorship at Orange Public Library in New Jersey where he remained until his retirement in 1993. Scilken served five consecutive terms on the American Library Association (ALA) Council, was a prolific writer of letters to the editor, founded his own practical library journal the "U*N*A*B*A*S*H*E*D Librarian", and achieved early fame for stopping the price fixing of library books.
Scilken died February 2, 1999, from a heart-attack.
Contributions to Library Science.
Advocacy through Newspapers.
Scilken’s passion for reading the "New York Times" led him to use newspapers as one of his largest platforms for library advocacy. He would write a letter to the editor for every newspaper he came across. Through these letters, Scilken sought to get people excited about their local libraries and encouraged libraries to better serve their patrons. Scilken’s letters were featured in large nationwide publications including "Texas Highways", "American Airlines", "Smithsonian", and "Newsweek". Although he wrote letters to papers across the country, many he wrote to his hometown paper the "New York Times".
The U*N*A*B*A*S*H*E*D Librarian.
Scilken’s advocacy through writing would later inspire him to create his own publication the "U*N*A*B*A*S*H*E*D Librarian, the how I run my library good letter". Choosing topics that focused on the practical parts of librarianship, the publication featured a collection of articles, cartoons, letters, and advice all dealing with the world of libraries. Advice was given on how to better improve library services including an assortment of topics from more traditional cataloguing techniques to more practical cleaning techniques.
The quarterly publication was started in 1971 and quickly became a family affair. His wife, Polly, assisted with the editing and publishing and her brother came up with the title and design. Her brother had been working as a designer at Harper and Row a publishing house that had printed Leo Rosten’s novel "The Education of H*Y*M*A*N* K*A*P*L*A*N*".
The "U*N*A*B*A*S*H*E*D Librarian" is still published today and, as in years past, librarians look to it as a forum for sharing ideas on how to “run a library good.”
1966 Senate Hearing on the Price Fixing of Library Books.
Besides his writings, he is perhaps best remembered for his appearance before the U.S. Senate’s Subcommittee on Antitrust and Monopoly. Although a new librarian at the time, Scilken discovered that publishers were charging the same price per a book no matter how many were purchased. He was infuriated that libraries were being forced to pay more while at the same time publishers were offering discounts to booksellers buying multiple copies. Unable to negotiate with the publishers, Scilken wrote letters to the Federal Trade Commission and to state and local politicians. The only responses came from New Jersey Senator Clifford Case and Senator Philip Hart, who was involved with the senate subcommittee. After indictments of a few publishing houses, a senatorial hearing was held. In the spring of 1966, publishers, Scilken, business men, and other librarians appeared before the subcommittee to give their testimony. In the end, it was found that publishers were in fact price fixing. Although not well covered by the press at the time, it changed the way libraries did business with publishers.
Over $10 million was returned to libraries after various lawsuits stemming from the hearings.
Views on Contemporary Library Science.
On Serving the Patron.
Unlike most librarians, Scilken always chose to refer to patrons as customers and often said that his motto is “The customer is king.” Libraries, according to Scilken, need to be aware of who their patrons are. He often encouraged public libraries to buy all of the bestsellers and not concern themselves with purchasing books that would generally only be found and used in academic libraries.
Scilken also encouraged libraries to employ ways which would foster the library customer’s curiosity and browsing experience. For example, he encouraged customers of his public library to leave notes in books as to whether they enjoyed it or not. This would aid other customers in their decision as to whether they should check-out the book. He felt that browsing was an important part of the library experience. He said, “Half the fun in a library is falling across the unexpected.” 
On Library Science and Technology.
One of Scilken’s great concerns was that libraries are forgetting their roots and their identities. It worried him that librarians are changing their identity in order to seem current with technology. He had become concerned that libraries and librarians are too quickly adopting any new fad or technology. Overall, he was disappointed that libraries are now considering themselves information centers. He encouraged libraries to return to their focus on books and often “his colleagues that are in the book business, not the information business.”
Works Consulted.
Roy, L, & Cherian, A. (Eds.). (2002). "Getting Libraries the Credit They Deserve: A Festschrift in Honor of Marvin H. Scilken." Oxford: Scarecrow Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19457613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457613" title="Aldi Henry">
Aldi Henry

Aldi Henry (born July 17, 1972, in Montreal, Quebec) is a former professional Canadian football player who played defensive back for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League from 1997 to 2002. He was part of the Stampeders 1998 and 2001 Grey Cup winning teams. He won the Dick Suderman Trophy as the 89th Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian. He played college football at Michigan State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19457661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457661" title="Henryton State Hospital">
Henryton State Hospital

Henryton State Hospital is a now-demolished hospital complex in Marriottsville, in southern Carroll County, Maryland, just across the Howard County line. The complex was located within Patapsco Valley State Park and along its southern end runs CSX's Old Main Line Subdivision and is very close to the Henryton Tunnel. The Henryton State Hospital center, or the Henryton Tuberculosis Sanatorium as it was called, was erected in 1922 by the Maryland Board of Mental Hygiene. It was established as a facility to treat African Americans suffering from tuberculosis. This was one of the first such facilities in Maryland erected to provide African Americans with the same level of treatment as whites.
The original complex opened in 1922 and consisted of 6 main buildings and one utility plant. These buildings were erected between the years of 1921 and 1923. The establishment of the Henryton Sanatorium was one of the final steps in Maryland’s program to treat all of the state's tubercular patients. In the late twenties and early thirties the tuberculosis rate among African Americans in Maryland was quadruple what the rate was among whites. This placed a heavy burden on the hospital to deal with the increasing number of patients. In 1938 the hospital was budgeted $270,000 for the construction of new buildings to house 200 more patients. The new buildings roughly doubled the size of the overall facility, and several more municipal buildings added even more space to the complex. However, by the time the new buildings were completed in 1946, the tuberculosis rates had dropped, leaving much more room than was necessary.
Henryton State Hospital Center.
In 1963 the Maryland Board of Mental Hygiene and the Department of Health merged to become the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DHMH). As part of the act that created the new department, Henryton Sanatorium became the Henryton State Hospital Center. The hospital ended operations as a tuberculosis treatment facility and was converted to serve as a facility for the training and habilitation of “severely and profoundly retarded ambulatory residents ages eighteen and over”.
The hospital was not, in fact, used as a facility to treat the "criminally insane", contrary to the popular belief. The location, and layout, combined with the almost total lack of security, not to mention the complete lack of anything remotely resembling prisoner enclosures, would not have been conducive to the complex serving as even a minimum security facility.
At the time the hospital reopened in 1963, there were 200 residents living at Henryton out of the allowable 330. Once the renovation and conversion of the facility was fully completed in the early 1950s, the maximum occupancy was 400 patients. The habilitation program was a great success and returned many of its patients to their respective communities and some to the workforce. Admission to the hospital was covered by the Mental Retardation Administration, a division of Maryland Special Services, for new patients and through the Rosewood State Hospital for patients already receiving care elsewhere. Henryton also ran a respite care program with admission by special request.
The American mindset in the late seventies and early eighties shifted from institutionalization to more outpatient and home care which led to decreasing resident numbers at Henryton. The Maryland DHMH decided to end the training program in 1984 because of the low numbers of enrollment and residents. In 1985, Henryton had fewer than 100 resident patients and operations at the center were being phased out. By the fall of 1985, the facility was emptied, locked, boarded up, and closed for good. Henryton State Hospital was not present on the Maryland DHMH budget for fiscal year 1986.
Closing.
In the decades since the facility’s closure, the Henryton State Hospital complex has become popular with urban explorers, vandals, drifters, and drug addicts. The façade of most of the buildings have been extensively damaged and are covered in graffiti. Most of the windows have been broken out, making the grounds around the hospital very dangerous. The doors to all of the buildings have been broken in, allowing access to the inside. Although the furnishings and equipment were removed before the facility closed, there is still remarkable damage from people going through. Visiting the Henryton State Hospital complex without the express written consent of the Maryland DHMH is trespassing, but the possible charges and fines seem not to deter most vandals. However, the decades of wear on the buildings without maintenance and the presence of large quantities of asbestos make Henryton a dangerous place to explore.
Henryton has also been the site of many suspicious fires since its closure, the most well-known taking place in the early morning of December 19, 2007. The blaze raged for three and half hours, caused heavy damage to the main building, and took eighty firefighters from three counties to extinguish. Henryton again caught fire on April 28, 2011. This incident damaged the roof of a four story building and required the assistance of firefighters from four counties.
The hospital was one of many historical buildings in the region with valuable real estate that was lost to arson, including Troy Hill (1990), Avondale Mill (1991), Ammendale Normal Institute (1998), Phelps Log Cabin - Moved from North Laurel to Elkridge (2001), Thistle Manufacturing Company(2003)
Rehabilitation Efforts.
Since closing, several groups and individuals have shown interest in buying the property from its current owner, the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. The most determined among these is a non-profit organization which was founded specifically for the rehabilitation and preservation of the Henryton State Hospital. Save Henryton has been crusading since the spring of 2008 to save the abandoned property. They have, thus far, been unsuccessful in their pursuits.
On April 15, 2012 another fire was started in the Henryton complex that resulted in the destruction of the roof of one of the main buildings. With an increase of recurring vandalism and the costs and risk to firefighters, the Carroll County Government has once again pushed for demolition of the property. $3.5 million has been allocated to the razing of Henryton (including asbestos removal) beginning in the spring of 2013, with over $2 million planned in 2014 to complete the demolition. Despite rumors to the contrary, the state of Maryland has not removed the funds from the 2013 budget.
Demolition.
Henryton State Hospital had been slated on the state's capital budget to remove asbestos and raze the building. The schedule for the Maryland Department of General Services originally showed that the buildings were to be demolished in May 2014, according to testimony from the FY13 capital budget proposal. Recent fires and emergency calls pushed the Department of General Services to act.
The project was originally approved for about $3.05 million, though the Department of General Services stated it would cost a little over $4 million. The project was scheduled to be completed by the end of September 2013. The property will be reincorporated to the Patapsco Valley State Park, which surrounds it. Grass has been planted over where the current buildings rest, and it will become a part of nature again.

</doc>
<doc id="19457684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457684" title="David Pressman">
David Pressman

David Pressman is an American human rights lawyer and former aide to United States Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright. In 2008 "Los Angeles Times" referred to him as George Clooney's ""consigliere"."
Pressman served as an advisor to Secretary Janet Napolitano and Chief of Staff to the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. He also served as the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security responsible for policy development on global criminal justice issues at DHS. Recently he was appointed by President Obama to serve as the Director for War Crimes and Atrocities on the National Security Council at the White House, where he will coordinate the Government's efforts to prevent and respond to mass atrocities, genocide, and war crimes. Pressman is a member of President Obama's Atrocity Prevention Board. 

</doc>
<doc id="19457774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457774" title="PCAE">
PCAE

PCAE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19457779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457779" title="Simon Stagg">
Simon Stagg

Simon Stagg is a fictional businessman in DC Comics.
Fictional character biography.
Simon Stagg is the unscrupulous owner and CEO of Stagg Enterprises and the father of Sapphire Stagg. Adventurer Rex Mason wanted to win the hand of Sapphire Stagg. Simon sent Rex to Egypt to retrieve a meteor referred as the "Orb of Ra". Unbeknownst to Rex, Simon had his brutish neanderthal bodyguard Java attack him and leave him for dead. Unfortunately, Rex was near the Orb of Ra and was exposed to it leading to his transformation into Metamorpho.
Later appearances.
Sometime later, Simon Stagg tricked the Metal Men into attacking the Justice League and had Java detain Rocket Red #4 and Animal Man. It turned out that Rex had a baby son, who harmed whatever it touched. Metamorpho handed the baby over to Simon, who became convinced he would now die, harmed like Java had been moments earlier.
Simon came through unharmed; something in his genetic structure protected him just as it did with the baby's mother. Simon's stance softened, and everyone was allowed to go. Doc Magnus of the Metal Men offered his services to Simon in creating new arms for Java.
On the way home, Metamorpho's friends were puzzled as to how he knew Simon would be unaffected by the child. Metamorpho indicates that he had hoped the baby would kill Simon.
Birds of Prey.
In Birds of Prey #51, Java came upon Black Canary while searching for help for Sapphire. His story was that Sapphire and Joey, Metamorpho's son, had been caught in a lab explosion and merged into a single energy being who was taking revenge upon Simon Stagg's former colleagues. In issue #52, it is revealed that not only were Sapphire and Joey merged, but so was Simon and it was him who was directing the revenge. Black Canary realized that Java was actually Metamorpho, somehow affected to believe he was Java. The three were separated once more with Simon claiming to have been overcome by the energy itself and unable to control his actions. As the comic ends, he steps away from the joyous family reunion to check on a growing clone of Java.
Countdown to Infinite Crisis.
In the one-shot Countdown to Infinite Crisis, Maxwell Lord, the villain of the story, is seen talking with Stagg on the phone.
Blackest Night.
In the Blackest Night tie-in "Weird Western Tales" #71 (Mar 2010), Stagg appeals to Joshua Turnbull (great-great-grandson of Quentin Turnbull) for help in analyzing a Black Lantern ring that was found on the grave of Don Hall and transported by The Ray. He leaves before the Lanterns attack, and it is unclear whether he survived the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19457783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457783" title="Dance Club Massacre">
Dance Club Massacre

Dance Club Massacre is an American extreme metal band from Chicago, Illinois. Formed in 2004, the group originated as a simple recording project between founding members Nick Seger and Kurt Latos. After recording three songs — described as "Halloween-core" — and distributing them to friends, the project became a complete band when friends began rehearsals with one another all while attending college. 
Dance Club Massacre currently consists of Nick Seger (lead vocals), Jon Caruso (drums), Chris Mrozek (bass guitar), Mitch Hein (guitar) and Matt Hynek (keyboards). They are currently signed to Metal Blade Records, and its division, Black Market Activities.
History.
Dance Club Massacre originated in Lansing, Illinois in 2004 as a duo consisting of Nick Seger and Kurt Latos before acquiring the line-up of a full band consisting of friends, many of which were college students. The band recorded their first demo in early 2005 at Blam Recording in Chicago, which was just simply titled "Demo", with producer, Eric Butkus. The demo had seven tracks and 150 hand pressed copies were issued. These copies of the demo were sold at shows and through their Myspace profile. Shortly after the release of the demo, Matt Hynek took Kurt Latos' place as keyboardist. 
By April 2006, all copies of the demo were sold out, which then had Dance Club Massacre record their debut full-length album, "Feast of the Blood Monsters" with the same engineer that recorded their demo. Six of the seven tracks that were on the demo were re-recorded for the album. "Feast of the Blood Monsters" was self-released and 1,100 copies were made in real packaging, which were sold at local indie record stores, shows, and on Interpunk. The album has stayed in Interpunk's top 50 items ever since it was released. They then played at 2006's Warped Tour. After being noticed by Black Market Activities, they were signed to the label and their debut album was re-issued through Black Market and Metal Blade with heightened production and different cover art. 
During 2008, the band traveled to Syracuse, New York to record their second album, "Circle of Death" with Jason Randall at More Sound Studios. The album was released in November of that year, also through Metal Blade and Black Market Activities. Two years following its release, the band stated that the writing process of a new album began. However, since that time, they confirmed that three of the members have began a side-project, a hardcore band named Contender. Thus making the progress on the third album uncertain.
Musical style, influences and concept.
Dance Club Massacre generally have an experimental musical style, which is ultimately influenced by many extreme metal and metalcore musical groups. The band's influences include groups such as, Dimmu Borgir, Cradle of Filth, An Albatross, The Locust, Daughters, Converge, Horse the Band, Fantomas, Pig Destroyer and Between the Buried and Me. They even incorporate influence from indie rock musical styles. Their lyrical themes usually focus on subjects such as partying, girls, alcohol and enjoying life in general rather than the morbid or aggressive themes extreme metal bands traditionally employ.
Genre-wise, the band have been considered to be a wide array of many things, including experimental metal, black metal, deathcore, death metal, grindcore, math rock, post-hardcore, and thrash metal.

</doc>
<doc id="19457795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457795" title="Świętosława of Poland">
Świętosława of Poland

Świętosława of Bohemia or Świętosława of Poland ( (c. 1046-1048 – 1 September 1126)) was the third wife of Duke (later King) Vratislaus II of Bohemia and the first Queen of Bohemia as of 1085.
Origin.
Świętosława was the daughter of Duke Casimir I of Poland and his wife Maria Dobroniega of Kiev. She was related to the House of Přemysl, the family of her future husband, through her great-grandmother Dobrawa of Bohemia. Her brothers Boleslaus II the Bold and Vladislaus I Herman were rulers of Poland.
Marriage to Vratislaus.
Vratislaus married Świętosława in 1062, one year after the death of the previous duchess, Vratislaus' second wife Adelaide of Hungary. His first wife Maria had died after the birth of their stillborn child. According to German historians, Świętosława was 15 years' old at the time of their marriage, while according to Oswald Balzer, she was aged 19 to 22.
With this marriage, the neutrality of Bohemia was ensured in the Polish-German conflict. In addition, Vratislaus demonstrated friendly relationships with Boleslaus II the Bold, but some time after he had a dispute with Boleslaus about Czech-Polish borders.
The first Queen of Bohemia.
The new duchess gave birth to four children; Vratislaus had four other ones already. The youngest son, Soběslav, was probably born in 1075. Her sons Vladislaus and Soběslav became dukes in the unquiet years after the death of their father, while her daughter Judith was married to Wiprecht, his ally and friend.
There is little information about this duchess, although she was crowned together with her husband as King and Queen in 1085 by archbishop Egilbert. They reigned for the next seven years.
Widow.
In 1092 Świętosława was left a widow and saw a struggle for the throne of Bohemia among the Přemyslids. In 1111, she assisted in negotiations between Vladislaus I and Bolesław III Wrymouth. After Vratislaus' death, she tried to soften clashes between their youngest sons Vladislaus and Soběslav.
In 1125, the dying Vladislaus I confirmed his relative Otto II the Black as his successor, which was also the wish of Vladislaus' wife, Richeza of Berg. Only the intervention of his mother changed his opinion, and Vladislaus reconciled with his brother Soběslav.
Świętosława, who was a widow for thirty years, lived to see the victory of her son Soběslav in the Battle of Chlumec and died in September 1126.

</doc>
<doc id="19457807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457807" title="Keneseth Israel (Louisville, Kentucky)">
Keneseth Israel (Louisville, Kentucky)

"For the temple in Philadelphia see History of the Jews in Philadelphia (section Temple Keneseth Israel)"
Keneseth Israel is a Conservative synagogue in Louisville, Kentucky. The congregation had a synagogue constructed in Louisville in 1928. It was designed by Joseph & Joseph and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The congregation was founded in 1882 as an Orthodox congregation, B’nai Jacob, and merged with another orthodox congregation, Beth HaMedrash HaGadol in 1927 to create congregation Keneseth Israel. In 1928 the congregation had a synagogue built at 232-236 East Jacob Street in Louisville. The congregation moved to its current home in 1964.
The earliest building was a former church. In 1901, the congregation, then B'nai Israel, dedicated a new building on the site of the former church building at 432 E. Jefferson Street. The building has twin towers with pyramid-form roofs and was strongly stripped in red-and-white in the Moorish Revival style then fashionable for synagogues.
For most of its history, Keneseth Israel was an Orthodox synagogue affiliated with the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America. In 1994, its members voted to affiliate with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism.

</doc>
<doc id="19457843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457843" title="Pignatiello">
Pignatiello

Pignatiello is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19457868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457868" title="State of Conviction">
State of Conviction

State of Conviction formed in 1996 and is a hardcore band with a funk background. The band was spawned from the Unified Culture song "Convictions".
It released a split 7" vinyl with the band Schnauzer in November 1996. SOC's side was titled "Thoughts Light Fires" (a tribute to Charles Manson).
The band then released its full-length CD, "A Call To Arms", in 1997. The album has samples from the movies"Natural Born Killers" and "Taxi Driver", as well as samples from Charles Manson. Two tracks from the album, "Convictions" and "Abandoned", were originally Unified Culture songs. Dwid, from Integrity, does guest vocals on the tracks "Convictions", "Brink of Extinction", and "Faith Diminished".
State of Conviction has a history of only playing out once or twice a year, and a great majority of those shows were at the Phantasy or Agora Ballroom in Cleveland, Ohio. It also has a history of playing shows with the band Schnauzer. SOC played its most recent show on November 23, 2012 at Peabody's Concert Club. At that show, Tom Shaffner and Eric Matthews sat out while Josh Endres of Silver Skull took Tom's spot on guitar and Justin Endres, also of Silver Skull, took Eric's spot on the drums for the song "In God We Rust." However, this wasn't the first time that Justin has been seen sitting in on the drums for SOC, he also made a guest appearance on drums with the band in April of 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="19457878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457878" title="Capra Press">
Capra Press

Capra Press was a Santa Barbara, California-based independent publishing house. 
Noel Young, a former commercial printer, founded the press in 1969 with a volume of poetry, "Journey", by Gordon Grant. Previous to this time, Young had been producing volumes under the imprint of Noel Young Editions and Capricorn Press. Before his death in 2002 at the age of 79, Young published over three hundred titles with the Capra imprint. In the last years of operation, as Young's health failed, David Dahl took over editorial duties at Capra. The press was sold to Robert Bason in 2001. In March 2011, Capra was purchased by Hilary Young Brodey, (Noel Young’s oldest daughter), her husband Phil and John and Diana Harrington.

</doc>
<doc id="19457984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457984" title="Alliance (DC Comics)">
Alliance (DC Comics)

The Alliance is a fictional group of comic book extraterrestrials published by DC Comics. They first appeared in "JLA/Haven: The Arrival" #1 (January 2002), and were created by Ashley-Jayne Nicolaus, Matthew P. Schuster, and Ariel Olivetti.
Publication history.
The Alliance debuted in the "JLA/Haven: The Arrival" #1 one-shot which ended with the Competalians stranded on Earth. Their story was told over the course of a nine issue mini-series called "Haven: Broken City" which ran from (February 2002) to (October 2002). The story was wrapped up in "JLA/Haven: Anathema" (November 2002), the concluding one-shot which returned the Competalians to their homeworld.
Fictional history.
Competalia.
The Alliance are a group of aliens from a planet called Competalia whose goal is the eradication of "Anathema", a geneticist who created a process which super powers to every living inhabitant of Competalia. Originally Anathema used her knowledge to uplift the Competalian people by discovering their equivalent of the metagene. Those whose powers were unlocked eventually lost their individuality and became known as the "Empowered". Anathema then built an army of these "Super-Competalians". Anyone who resisted was sent to the prison city of Haven.
Haven.
Two million inhabitants resisted Anathema's control, however, and were forcibly placed in a massive penal colony called "The Haven". Haven was where Anathema sent political prisoners, regular criminals and the mentally ill, in preparation for a genocidal purge. Not long afterward, a rebel alliance was formed by the Competalian war hero Valadin and his brother Amon, who transformed Haven from a gulag into a habitable city. The rebel Alliance inside Haven duplicated Anathema's mutagenic "Empowerment Process" and used it to transform all of Haven's prisoners. Due to the inherent instability of Anathema's process, most of those treated experienced physical mutations, and some were driven insane. Most Havenites gained simple or useless talents. The empowerment process created by Siv is similar in concept to the Terrigen Mists that empower Marvel Comics' Inhumans. Siv had worked with Anathema to develop the original Competalian Empowerment Program.
Escape.
The Competalians transformed the city into a starship and set course for a distant inhabitable planet. Certain volunteers were chosen to serve as the city's power source. The ship was sabotaged by a traitor inside Haven and crashes to Earth destroying the town of Lamont, California. The Justice League of America helped the Alliance restore the crippled Haven ship. The Haven ship remained in the state of California, while President of the United States Lex Luthor signed a bill formally recognizing it as a city of the United States. Meanwhile General Eugene Norville was stealing technology from Haven at President Luthor's request.
Anathema.
One Competalian, a member of the Alliance named Maavar Lin, betrayed the Alliance's location to Anathema. Anathema hid the truth of her arrival and secretly began empowering and dominating humans, using her process to build a new army which she intended to use as a living power source which would enable her to activate the city's teleporter, and allow her to bring the Competalian army to Earth. Anathema was ultimately destroyed after Siv forced her body to revert to its original pre-empowerment Competalian form.

</doc>
<doc id="19457998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19457998" title="Kehta Hai Dil">
Kehta Hai Dil

Kehta Hai Dil is an Indian soap opera that aired weekly on STAR Plus channel from 2002 to 2005. The story is based on the life of a girl name Karishma and portrays the dramatic events that occur in her life, which affect her entire family - who lives in the small, idyllic town of Anand Nagar. Currently, the series is being re-aired on TV Asia channel in USA.
Story.
Kehta Hai Dil is the story of a family who lives in the small, idyllic town of Anand Nagar. It is the family of SP Aditya Pratap Singh, Dr Jaya Singh and their three children - Karishma, Kunal and Kiran. Karishma loves Dhruv who is her childhood friend and Dhruv's father is the friend of SP Aditya. SP Aditya tries to expose the corrupt town mayor Bhandari and his wife Lalita Devi. To take revenge, Lalita makes her elder son Nikhil befriend Karishma and then makes the media print fake report that Karishma is having affair with Nikhil. This forces Karishma to marry Nikhil. Its only after her marriage with Nikhil, her in-laws' cunningness is revealed. A devastated Karishma vows to take revenge on every single of them. The story follows Karishma as she extracts her revenge and exposes her in laws step by step.
Awards.
The series has won the following awards in The Indian Telly Awards of 2003:

</doc>
<doc id="19458008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458008" title="Bezobrazno Zeleno">
Bezobrazno Zeleno

Bezobrazno Zeleno (Serbian Cyrillic: Безобразно Зелено, trans. "Rude Green") were a former Yugoslav New Wave/pop rock band from Belgrade. The band was notable as the participant of the "Artistička radna akcija" project as well as for their later works.
History.
New Wave years (1980-1984).
The band was formed in 1980 by Bojan Vasić (bass guitar), Vojislav Bešić "Beške" (guitar, vocals), Dragoljub Spasić "Điđi" (drums) and Katarina Benedetić (vocals). The band got the name as a rebellious reaction to the phrase commonly used for the young, being "green". The band was the participant of the "Artistička radna akcija" compilation, featuring the second generation of the New Wave bands from Belgrade, with the tracks "Bežim niz ulicu" ("I'm Running Down the Street") and "Beograd" ("Belgrade"). 
Due to the Bešić and Spasić's departure to the Yugoslav People's Army, former Radnička Kontrola drummer Srđan "Žika" Todorović and guitarists Zoran Ilić and Branislav Petrović "Banana", the latter a former Pasta ZZ) member, joined the band. The band member was also Zoran Janić who later joined the band Vrele Usne.
The band appeared on the first "Ventilator Demo Top 10" show in February 1983 with the song "Običaji" ("Customs"). Their debut album, "BZ1", was produced by Momčilo Bajagić in 1983 and featured "Bežim niz ulicu", hit ballad "Gibaj se" ("Limber Yourself Up") and "Jutro" ("Morning"), a cover of the Butik song composed by Nebojša Antonijević. The album ought to have included the song "Long live moja Srbijo" ("Long Live My Serbia") which was denied by the PGP-RTB records. The band also had to change the lyrics for the track "Momci sa juga" ("The Boys from the South"). Roze Poze vocalist Vlada Milačić appeared on the album as a guest.
In Spring 1984, the band played in Dom Omladine in Belgrade as an opening act for Momčilo Bajagić who presented his first solo album "Pozitivna geografija". Soon after, the group disbanded. Petrović joined Električni Orgazam, Todorović started an acting career and played with Disciplina Kičme, Ekatarina Velika and Kazna Za Uši. Vasić started working as a mailman.
Reformation and breakup (1988-1991).
In 1988, Vasić and Ilić reformed the band with Spasić on drums, former Šlogirani Karanfil vocalist Saša Komadinović "Džeger" and guitarist Ivan Kljajić. Together they recorded their comeback record "Neonske bajke" ("Neon Fairytales"). The songs were written by Vasić and Ilić, backing vocals were done by Dejan Cukić and the album was produced by Bajaga i Instruktori bassist Miroslav Cvetković "Cvele". Beside their own songs, cover versions of Frank Zappa's "Bobby Brown" and The Sweet hit "The Ballroom Blitz", with lyrics in Serbian language entitled "Divlje dete" ("Wild Child"), appeared on the album. The album also featured Vasić's song "Diraš me" ("You're Touching Me"), which later appeared on Cukić's solo album "Spori ritam" ("Slow Rhythm"), and Ilić's theme "Deca sa meseca" ("Children from the Moon"), which later appeared on Riblja Čorba album "Koza nostra" ("Cosa Nostra") as "Ja je gledam kako spava" ("I Am Looking at Her while She Is Asleep").
In 1991, the band split up as Komadinović moved to South Africa. Vasić followed him and together they formed a club cover band. In 1994, Vasić returned to Yugoslavia and formed the band Kurajberi, featuring Ekatarina Velika keyboard player Margita Stefanović, former Van Gogh vocalist Goran Milisavljević and his former bandmates, guitarist Ivan Kljajić and drummer Dragoljub Spasić. They performed cover versions of popular foreign and Yugoslav rock songs. Petrović also performed with the band and recorded. They disbanded in 1995 when Vasić stopped performing and started working as a designer and tattoo master. He also wrote the lyrics for Dejan Cukić and the band Njujork. Ilić became the member of Riblja Čorba in 1989 and in 1992 formed Babe with Bajaga i Instruktori member Žika Milenković and Električni Orgazam member Goran Čavajda "Čavke". Bešić moved to New York where he became the member of the band LFAnt. Kljajić started working as a producer and joined Ana Stanić's backing band.
Legacy.
In 2011, the song "Gibaj se" was voted, by the listeners of Radio 202, one of 60 greatest songs released by PGP-RTB/PGP-RTS during the sixty years of the label's existence.
Discography.
Other appearances.
"Beograd" / "Bežim niz ulicu" ("Artistička radna akcija", 1981)

</doc>
<doc id="19458034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458034" title="William I of Guelders and Jülich">
William I of Guelders and Jülich

William I of Guelders and Jülich KG (5 March 1364 – 16 February 1402, Arnhem) was Duke of Guelders, as William I, from 1377 and Duke of Jülich, as William III, from 1393. William was known for his military activities, participating in the Prussian crusade five times and battling with neighbors in France and Brabant throughout his rule. His allies included Holy Roman Emperors, Charles IV and Wenceslaus, Richard II of England, and Conrad Zöllner von Rothenstein, the Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights. During his reign the duchies of Guelders and Jülich were temporarily unified.
Childhood and accession.
William was the eldest son of William II, Duke of Jülich and Maria of Guelders, half-sister of Reginald III, Duke of Guelders and Edward, Duke of Guelders. The brothers Edward and Reginald disputed the Duchy, with Edward taking control in 1361, imprisoning his brother. In 1366, Edward violated a peace made with Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor and Wenceslaus I, Duke of Luxembourg (who was Duke of Brabant by marriage to Joanna, Duchess of Brabant) by not protecting Brabant merchants in the land between the Rhine and the Meuse who were under threat by armed men involved in the English-French wars. Wenceslaus's army then invaded and engaged in the Battle of Baesweiler in August 1371. Duke Edward, who was about to marry Katherine of Bavaria, daughter of Albert I, Duke of Bavaria, joined the battle and captured Duke Wenceslaus, but was wounded by an arrow and died. Reginald was immediately released, but died of ill health in three months, neither leaving heirs. This led to internal dissent over succession. Edward and Reginald were the only children of Reginald II, Duke of Guelders and Eleanor of Woodstock, daughter of Edward II of England, and Reginald's only male heirs. Reginald II's first marriage was to Sophia Berthout, Lady of Mechelen, which led to four daughters. Two daughters, Maria and Mathilde, then made claim to the title. Mathilde's claim was based on her position as eldest daughter. Maria based her claim on William, who was seven at the time, being the only male representative of the blood of Guelders. Maria quickly married John II, Count of Blois, and this grievance precipitated into the War of the Succession of Guelders. William's father, William II, Duke of Jülich, was granted the right to administer the duchy by Emperor Charles IV during his son's minority. At this time a marriage was arranged between the young William and Catharina of Bavaria, who had been betrothed to his uncle Edward. However, as part of the reconciliation between the houses of Blois and Jülich, some of Guelders remained under the control of Mathilde, and the upper district was under control of Jülich.
In 1377, upon the boys majority, Emperor Charles IV granted Guelders and Zutphen to William, the son of William II, but it took two more years to consolidate his authority over the entire duchy. He immediately received homage from Arnhem, Nimwegen, and the upper district. However, William did not recognize all of the municipal privileges granted by his half-uncle, Duke Reginald. His rule was opposed by some cities, notably Betuwe and Veluw, and by nobles led by Frederik van Heeckeren van der Eze, who had supported Mathilde (and Reginald) in comparison to nobles led by Gijsbert V van Bronckhorst, Heer van Bronckhorst who had supported Edward and Maria. William consolidated control after besieging a number of castles of Hekeren nobles. His father accompanied him in a victory over the lord of Voorst near Gennep and Reginald van Brederede van Gennep, the chief leader of the Hekerens. With this, Mathilde and John of Blois renounced all claim to Guelders and Zutphen on March 24, 1379. That fall William married Catherine.
Wars and rule.
William's rule is cited as an example of the chivalry of that time in France and the Netherlands. He put on many tournaments and sports at arms, and has been called an ideal knight. He participated in crusades against the Lithuanians in East Prussia in the territories of the Teutonic Order with William of Holland, first in 1383, and later in 1388–89 and 1393. He was an ally of the English in the Hundred Years' War. And continuing the enmity from the War of the Succession of Guelders, he fought successfully in 1386-1388 with his father against the Duchy of Brabant, which was allied with France and Burgundy. William's army advanced far into Brabant, although his army was stalled in a battle near Grave, North Brabant in July 1388. His actions and alliance with England have been seen as reckless, and raised the ire of Charles VI of France, who advanced on Guelders with an army of 100,000. William narrowly escaped disaster with an apology, but his stand against the French made him famous throughout Europe.
Capture in Pomerania.
Shortly after his campaigns in Brabant, William departed again for Prussia with a large army. He was quite successful in this crusade, but was taken prisoner near Stolpe in Pomerania, the land of Wartislaw VII, Duke of Pomerania. He was taken to the castle of Falkenburg, where he stayed for six months. Conrad Zöllner von Rothenstein, the grand master of the Teutonic Order, won his freedom. William demanded that his freedom be formally declared, but the Pomeranian was embarrassed by his defeat. In fear of the citizens, the Pomeranian nobleman hid in a tree on one side of a brook and shouted his declaration of William's freedom to William and the Teutonic Knights who were on the other side. William then returned to Guelders by way of Bohemia, where he visited his brother-in-law, Wenceslaus, King of the Romans.
Return to Europe.
In the spring of 1390 William went to England and was made a Knight of the Garter by Richard II of England - and was the first continental nobleman to be honored in this way. The next year he made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land, and in the summer of 1391 he joined a French fleet to fight Moorish pirates of the coast of Barbary. He returned to the crusades in Prussia in the winter of 1392 and 1393, and inherited the Duchy of Jülich (as William III) in 1393 upon the death of his father. This involved him in new difficulties with neighbors in Cologne, Berg, Cleves, and Mark. In 1399, further hostilities with Brabant resulted finally in cession of Grave to Guelders. He also participated in a fourth campaign against the Prussians in 1399, and then a fifth crusade.
As part of his involvement in the Hundred Years' War, he played an important role as he was in control of the coronation road between Frankfurt and Aachen, which passed through his territory. He was thus able to prevent the coronation of Rupert of Germany in 1400. In the fall of 1401 William was intending to prepare to join his brother in law, John van Arkel, in his war against Duke Albert in Holland. However, he took sick, and died 16 February 1402.
Legacy.
Had William lived longer, it is likely that he would have continued to resist Burgundian influence in the Netherlands, and his legacy was heavily tied with his external wars. Although these wars came at a cost for the people of Guelders and Jülich, his activity did allow for his counties to thrive economically and to unite against an external enemy. As evidence the political parties of the Heeckeren and the Bronckhorstens were reconciled. After his death, his only brother Reginald IV succeeded him as duke of a united Jülich and Guelders-Zutphen. Reginald was less warlike, although tensions continued with Cleves over Lymers and Zevenaar, and the town of Emmerich was ceded to Cleves. Upon the death of Reginald, also without issue, the Duchy of Jülich went to Adolf, Duke of Jülich-Berg, son of William VII of Jülich, 1st Duke of Berg, and grandson of Gerhard VI of Jülich, Count of Berg and Ravensberg, brother of William's father. The Duchy of Guelders-Zutphen went to Arnold of Egmond, son of Maria van Arkel, daughter of William's sister, Joanna, and Count John XII of Arkel.
Personal retinue.
The court of Guelders at the end of the 14th century and beginning of the 15th century was quite celebrated, including numerous physicians, barbers, falconers and cooks. Among his retinue, William kept head cooks Evarardus Bolte, Crumken, and Elbertus van Eijll (who continued as master cook for William's successor, Reginald IV). Elbertus may have been the grandson of Evarardus Bolte, and a genealogie of Elbertus' grandson in about 1440 claimed that Elbertus married a bastard daughter of Duke William named Margaret. In 1396, during a visit to the English king, the cooks entered a cooking contest against their English counterparts led by then head cook, Crumken.
William kept many physicians. In 1388/89, three physicians are mentioned: Arnt van Auwel, Clais, and Peter, as well as a healer of wounds, Jan van Asperen. Later, Peter van Orten and Giesbert van Berg were separately brought into William's household after serving as professors of Medicine at the University of Cologne. Giesbert managed to work as a physician to Duchess Johanna and Antoine, Duke of Brabant, enemies of Guelders. When sick in 1401 and 1402, other doctors were called: Derich Distel, Volpart, Evert vander Eze, and an English physician, Thomas.
William had many assistants who administered his lands while he was on campaigns. In 1388 during campaigns in Prussia, William left Henry of Steenbergen to administer Jülich and Guelders. In 1390 while visiting the King of England, he left Johann von der Velde called Honselaerr, who had fought with Duke William against Brabant in Grave.
His musicians included Claes Heynenzoon, called Herald Gelre, also famous for his Wapenboek Gelre, a book containing drawings of the coats of arms of many famous nobles, an artist called Middelen, and Henric the Bohemian.
Wife and children.
William married in 1379 Catharina of Bavaria (1361 – 11 November 1400), daughter of Albert I, Duke of Bavaria, who had been betrothed to his uncle Edward, Duke of Guelders. The marriage remained childless, and Katherine died in Hattem on 11 November 1400. Upon his death in 1402, William was buried next to his wife at Monnikhuizen monastery near Arnhem.
William had illegitimate children including:

</doc>
<doc id="19458085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458085" title="Lexi Love">
Lexi Love

Lexi Love (born December 23, 1980 in Boston, Massachusetts) was an American pornographic actress. She is of Sicilian and German descent. 
LexiLove.com.
In 2009, Love won the use of her domain name, lexilove.com, for her website from Texas Property Associates, a cybersquatter. The company had registered the domain in 2005, a year after Love started in the adult industry with her name. Even though Love did not register her trademarked name until 2008, the World Intellectual Property Organization ruled that Love had established a common law trademark to her name.
Acting Career.
Love has been featured in several music videos. She was one of the subjects featured in Adam Rifkin's "". The show is shot from the point of view of security cameras, web cams, and cell phone cameras.

</doc>
<doc id="19458095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458095" title="Larry Ryckman">
Larry Ryckman

Lawrence Ryckman is an entertainment, technology and sports entrepreneur. Ryckman is a 25 year music industry veteran primarily known for his knowledge of audio production and mastering and the development of patented audio and video technologies used in the music and entertainment industries. He is currently President and CEO of MyStudio, Inc. and AfterMaster HD Audio Labs, Inc.
Family.
Ryckman was born August 28, 1959, in Toronto, Canada, to Claude and Magdeline (Gallo) Ryckman and is a relative of William Lawrence Ryckman, one of the original founding pioneers of the State of California. He married Elaine (Howes) Ryckman and together they have three children, Lauren, Aaron and Kiera.
American Artists.
Ryckman started his career in the entertainment industry in 1982 as Vice President, Development of the film and TV production company American Artists, Inc. He became President and CEO in 1984 and produced several feature films including the Virgin Queen of St. Francis High, Snowballs, and Crime of the Century.
Music - QSound.
In 1986, Ryckman left American Artists to co-found Archer Communications, Inc./QSound, Ltd., an audio technology company which developed proprietary audio technologies for the music, film, TV, computer and video game industries. At the time he was the youngest CEO of publicly traded companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. QSound developed the first patented three-dimensional audio process for playback through traditional stereo. Ryckman assembled a high profile and highly publicized team of entertainment industry professionals to assist in building the company, including CAA and its co-founder and super agent Michael Ovitz, music industry veterans Jimmy Iovine (QSound VP of Music), Shelly Yakus (QSound VP of Audio Engineering), music producer Bob Ezrin, film producer, George Folsey (QSound Chairman) and Warner Bros. director Salah Hassanein. Todd-Ao/Glen Glenn Studios then the world's largest motion picture and television sound studios became a large stakeholder and introduced QSound to feature films with the movie Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves.
In 1990, Ryckman and music attorney Allen Grubman negotiated a first of its kind deal in the music industry with Polygram NV, then the world's largest record company, for the payment of a mechanical royalty on all albums sold that were mixed with QSound. Ryckman oversaw the engineering of several albums using QSound including Madonna's "The Immaculate Collection", Michael Jackson's "Dangerous', Paula Abdul's"Spellbound", Sting's "The Soul Cages" and Julian Lennon's "Help Yourself". In addition, three music recordings engineered with QSound during Ryckman's tenure won GRAMMY awards including the motion picture soundtrack, Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves. The Company achieved a market capitalization approaching $500 million and was broadly covered in major publications includingBarron's, LA Times, Wall Street Journal, The New York Times and The Hollywood Reporter.
After the Company's first profitable quarter, Ryckman moved from CEO to Co-Chairman of QSound and teamed up with QSound VP of Music, Jimmy Iovine to start a new music label which was the impetus for Interscope Records. Shortly thereafter Ryckman was approached to purchase the Calgary Stampeders of the CFL and left the music industry to pursue the ownership of the team. Iovine then partnered with Ted Field and built Interscope Records into one of the most successful record labels of the last 20 years.
Sports - Calgary Stampeder Football Club of the CFL.
In 1991, Ryckman purchased and privatized the Calgary Stampeders Football Club of the Canadian Football League (CFL). At the time the team was struggling financially and Ryckman was widely credited for saving the team.
Many changes took place under his ownership, including the signing of Heisman Trophy winning quarterback, Doug Flutie, quarterback Jeff Garcia from San Jose State and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and in team management and player personnel. Offices and locker rooms were renovated, new stadium signage was created and a new marketing campaign was built around "The New Calgary Stampeders". During his tenure the Stampeders broke dozens of league and team records, participated in five Grey Cup Championship games, and won the Grey Cup in Toronto in 1992, for the first time in 21 years.
During his five years in the CFL, Ryckman co-chaired the CFL expansion committee with late actor John Candy and served on the Executive Committee of the CFL Board of Governors. In 1993, he purchased the rights to host the 1993 Grey Cup game for the City of Calgary from Toronto Argonauts owners Bruce McNall, John Candy and Wayne Gretzky. The 1993 Grey Cup festival drew a capacity crowd of over 50,000 spectators. Ryckman constructed and donated new private luxury boxes at the Stampeders home field, McMahon Stadium in Calgary. Ryckman was subsequently awarded the CFL's Outstanding Contribution Award for his contributions to both the league and as a Governor.
Stock Controversy.
In 1996, the Alberta Securities Commission (ASC) alleged that Ryckman had conducted 88 illegal wash trades over a six-month period in the stock of Westgroup Corporations in 1994. The ASC held a quasi-judicial hearing at their offices and banned Ryckman from trading in Alberta for 18 years and assessed costs of approximately $500,000. The trading ban was adopted through reciprocity by Ontario and British Columbia. Ryckman denied the allegations and at the hearing asked to call evidence in his defense and that the matter be heard in a civil court, both of which were denied.
MyStudio.
In 2004, Ryckman returned to the entertainment industry and founded MyStudio, Inc., a private company established to develop MyStudio interactive recording studios, Mystudio.net and related technologies. In 2007, Ryckman sold his interest in MyStudio to public company, Studio One Media in an all stock transaction valued at $30 million and became the largest shareholder of Studio One Media, Inc. As CEO of MyStudio, Ryckman negotiated multi-year deals with Simon Cowell's "The X Factor," The GRAMMY Foundation, EMI Music Publishing, Universal Music, Sony/ATV and reality TV pioneer, Mark Burnett, Hard Rock International, Warner Music Nashville and the Queen Latifah Show. Multiple patents have been issued and filed relating to MyStudio and its underlying processes and technologies.
In 2008, Ryckman negotiated a groundbreaking music license with publishing giant EMI which allowed consumers for the first time to legally create music videos in a publicly accessible venue using popular music for unlimited online posting. The EMI license was followed up with multi-year licenses with Universal Music, Sony ATV and BMG.
In April, 2011, Ryckman finalized a multi-year agreement involving stakeholders Fox, Freemantle, Sony and Simco for the use of MyStudio's for Simon Cowell's "The X Factor." The 2012 MyStudio auditions resulted in the discovery of top four X Factor finalists "Emblem3" and "Carly Rose Sonenclar". In September, 2013 a MyStudio was installed at SONY Pictures Studios for use on The Queen Latifah show.
Ryckman currently serves as Chairman of Studio One Media's advisory board which includes music super-producer, Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, songwriter, Diane Warren, music super-producer, Richard Perry, media investor, Ted Field, former Atlantic, Capitol and Virgin music CEO, Jason Flom, casting director, Sheila Jaffe, former Lucasfilm CEO, Charles Weber, former Interscope CEO of Urban Music, Ron Gillyard and former Virgin and Warner music CEO, Phil Quartararo.
AfterMaster.
Ryckman and his audio engineering team (including engineering legend Shelly Yakus and senior engineer Ari Blitz) embarked on a multi-million dollar, multi-year development effort to create AfterMaster HD Audio a process for mastering audio recordings. The proprietary (patents pending) AfterMaster hardware and software process creates an audio master recording with a loudness, fullness and clarity unachievable through traditional mastering techniques. The first major music releases using MyStudio AfterMaster HD Audio process were Janet Jackson's "Make Me" produced by Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, and Lady Gaga's multi-platinum "Telephone."
AfterMaster's music mastering process for independent artists, "ProMaster", became the first online service ever offered for sale by Guitar Center's, nationally. In addition, AfterMaster recently entered into a groundbreaking agreement wherein it completed the remastering of a music industry record 5,000,000 songs for ReverbNation. AfterMaster has also gained notoriety for transforming the former production offices of Alfred Hitchcock at the legendary Crossroads of the World into one of Hollywoods top recording and mastering studios.
Discography.
Mastering (partial list):
QSound mixing credits:
Patents.
Patents issued: Audio Process, Live Broadcast Interview, Low/High Resolution, Studio Booth - 
United States Patents: 8,508,572, 8,169,548, 8,144,257, 8,089,564
Charity.
Ryckman has been active with several charitable organizations including the Easter Seals, Uncles at Large, Cystic Fibrosis and Cancer Society. Ryckman currently serves on the Advisory Board of the Felix Organization whos principals include Sheila Jaffe, Darryl McDaniels and Mark Wahlberg. Ryckman was the Executive Producer of the Felix PSA video "Walk This Way" which was directed by Penny Marshall and featured Aerosmith and 25 celebrities. The Felix Organization sends hundreds of underprivileged inner-city Foster kids to summer camp every year.
Acknowledgments and Awards.
2010 - Studio One Media was awarded the Technical Achievement Award at the 2010 Hollywood Music and Media Awards for its MyStudio and AfterMaster HD Audio technologies developed by Larry Ryckman and his engineering team.
1985 - Most notable personal production accomplishment was the award winning, one-hour documentary, The Aryan Nation, which he produced and hosted. The critically acclaimed investigative news program was an exclusive and powerful expose of the Aryan Nations and the growing neo-Nazi movements in North America. Ryckman and his film crew were the first to enter and film inside the Aryan Nations Hayden Lake Idaho compound after "20/20" and "60 Minutes" were denied entry.
1992 - Listed as one of the top 25 most powerful people in Canadian sports by the National Globe and Mail newspaper.
1993 - Received Canada's Vanier Award for his business and community accomplishments. The Vanier Award is one of Canada’s most prestigious national awards and is presented to young Canadians under the age of 40 who have made recognized and significant achievements of national interest.
1994 - Voted Runner-Up to the Premier of the Province of Alberta in the category of top Civic, Business and Political leader of the last 100 years in the City of Calgary Centennial Awards.
Awarded the "CFL’s outstanding contribution award" for his contributions to the league both as an owner and Governor.
Received the First Calgary Community Vision Award of Merit for his community contributions.
Received the Achiever's Canada award for entrepreneurial leadership and success.
Youngest President and CEO of a NASDAQ listed public company.
Youngest President and CEO of a Toronto Stock Exchange listed company and TSE index listed company.
Youngest owner of a Professional sports franchise in North America.
Youngest Member of Who's Who in Canada

</doc>
<doc id="19458121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458121" title="2009 in home video">
2009 in home video

The following movies, television shows, and miniseries were released on Blu-ray Disc and / or DVD on the following dates in 2009 in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19458137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458137" title="Ed Matesic">
Ed Matesic

Edward J. Matesic (1907–1988) was an American football player for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Pittsburgh Pirates. Also went by the first name of Dick, Lefty, and Richard. Led the University of Pittsburgh in interceptions in 1931. In 1931 only the statistics of yards and touchdowns were recorded and not the number of interceptions. In 1931 Ed had 91 yards and one touchdown on interceptions. Then played HB/TB in the pros. Was the Pittsburgh Pirates starting quarterback in 1936. Pirates later became the Pittsburgh Steelers. In his pro career threw for 1,412 yards and 8 touchdowns, ran for 377 yards and one touchdown, caught 4 passes for 51 yards and one touchdown.

</doc>
<doc id="19458140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458140" title="Pacto de Sangre (album)">
Pacto de Sangre (album)

Pacto de Sangre (Eng.: "Pact of Blood") is the title of a studio album released by norteño ensemble Los Tigres del Norte. This album became their fifth number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard and Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19458146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458146" title="The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers">
The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers

The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers is the 29th book in the Cat Who series. It was released in 2007 and is written by Lilian Jackson Braun.
Plot introduction.
The Old Hulk, being developed for a senior center, mysteriously burns to the ground. Meanwhile, a young woman dies from a bee sting—or could it have been murder? Qwill's lady friend, Polly Duncan, goes to Paris and decides to stay there. Later, Qwill's apple barn residence is burned by fire.
Reception.
The author, Lilian Jackson Braun, died June 4, 2011 making "The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers" her final book. 
Sally Estes, of Booklist reviewed the book saying, "A welcome chance to revisit Moose County for regulars, but don't expect passer-by to stick around. Dave Roy, of Curled Up, reviewed the book saying, "Give The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers a miss, because it's something the cat hacked up." Marge Fletcher, of Book Reporter reviewed the book saying, "Throughout the book, on the lefthand side of certain new paragraphs, there are drawings of a cat paw. These serve to remind the audience that Koko and Yum Yum are the real stars of the series, as they provide an interesting and creative leitmotif for the reader's enjoyment"

</doc>
<doc id="19458149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458149" title="William Aramony">
William Aramony

William Aramony (July 27, 1927 – November 11, 2011) was CEO of United Way of America for more than twenty years and helped build the organization into the largest charity in the United States. He retired in 1992 amid allegations of fraud and financial mismanagement, for which he was subsequently convicted and sentenced to prison.
Early years.
William J. Aramony was born in Jewett City, Connecticut. His parents, Russell & Nazley Farrah Aramony, emigrated to the United States from Lebanon, and he was the youngest of their five children. He grew up in Worcester, Massachusetts, graduated from Clark University in 1949 and matriculated at the Boston College Graduate School of Social Work, where in 1951 he earned a master's degree. Aramony married the former Bebe Ann Nojeim, and the union produced three children, William, Susan and Robert.
Son Robert was at one time president of Sales Service/America Inc., a for-profit subsidiary of UWA.
Aramony served in the Medical Service Corps of the United States Army, treating soldiers returning from the Korean War with posttraumatic stress disorder. He was assigned to a Texas military hospital from 1951 to 1953 as a lieutenant.
United Way career.
Aramony began in 1954 as a staff planner for the South Bend, Indiana Community Chest. Four years later, he was hired as a local executive in Columbia, South Carolina, then Miami, Florida where he was known as a superb fund raiser and enthusiastic promoter for the charities he represented. 
He was hired as CEO of the national governing body, the "United Community Funds and Council of America" (UCFCA) in 1970. He began an organizational makeover and the group was renamed, United Way of America (UWA), and moved from New York City to Alexandria, Virginia in 1971. A common stated purpose and standard name (United Way of ...) was established for local affiliates.
Next, he formed a partnership with the National Football League in 1973, whereby "players and coaches made public service announcements about their involvement with United Way chapters" which were broadcast during NFL games at no charge. "hese associations brought widespread attention" to the United Way and in 1975, helped push donations above $1 billion for the first time.
Aramony helped develop a core strategy, which emphasizes an annual community-wide campaign in the Fall. United Way provides assistance to employers, who provide a payroll deduction option to encourage workers to contribute to United Way. Agencies that receive United Way funding agree not to solicit donations during the UW campaign. 
He authored the book, "United Way: The Next Hundred Years" in 1987 and created the "minority roundtable" which increased minority involvement in the organization. Over his career, he helped develop numerous United Way leaders.
Aramony was awarded the Silver Buffalo Award in 1988 by the National council of the Boy Scouts of America. It is presented for noteworthy and extraordinary service to youth on a national basis. 
During his tenure, United Way receipts rose from $787 million in 1970 to more than $3.1 billion in 1990.
Scandal begins.
Aramony and his wife, Bebe were separated in 1988. In 1990, there were UWA office rumors about Aramony's liaisons with a teenage girlfriend on vacations in Paris, London and Cairo. An anonymous note on UWA letterhead was sent in late 1990 to UWA's chairman, Edward A. Brennan, who is the chairman of Sears, Roebuck & Company. The letter alleged that the charity was being looted by its president, who was romancing a young woman.
When Aramony was questioned about the allegations, he denied any wrongdoing. His divorce became final in 1991. Late that year, a source at the national office revealed that Aramony flew first class, sometimes on the Concorde, used chauffeur-driven town cars and alleged that he had lavished expensive gifts on friends. After receiving multiple requests for information from the media, the United Way of America's board of governors hired outside investigators in December, 1991. The auditors were instructed to review the books and examine accounting procedures within the agency. According to "The Washington Post", their investigation "found sloppy record-keeping, inattention to detail, and accounting problems," but no direct "evidence that Aramony had enriched himself". In fact, all of Aramony's travel expenses were supposed to be reviewed before approval by the United Way's board of directors, whose chairman was Robert E. Allen, then the CEO of AT&T. The auditor's biggest criticism was that documentation was lacking to distinguish business expenditures from personal charges. The outrage from local United Way organizations across the country was overwhelming. Scores of offices disaffiliated themselves and/or discontinued their 1% "contribution" of dues to the national office.
During a teleconference on February 27, 1992, Aramony announced his retirement with full pension benefits as soon as a successor was chosen. Until then, he would continue to receive his $390,000 salary and $73,000 in other compensation. When Jay R. Smith, publisher of "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution" and an active volunteer at United Way of Atlanta asked Aramony if he felt that they were not owed an apology, Aramony said: 
Well, Jay, you absolutely are. I do apologize for any problems that my lack of sensitivity to perceptions has caused this movement. I do it happily and gladly to you and everyone else. I would never do anything at all that hurt local United Ways, the mission or the people we serve.
The following day, after an avalanche of calls from local chapters demanding his ouster, Senior vice president Alan S. Cooper was named acting president.
Indictment.
The Washington Post and Regardie’s magazine each wrote stories about Aramony, and the FBI, Internal Revenue Service, and United States Postal Service investigated. 
Later that year, Aramony was charged, along with CFO Thomas J. Merlo and Partnership Umbrella President Stephen J. Paulachak, in a 53-count Federal indictment charging that they had defrauded their organization of $1.2 million.
Other issues.
A secondary issue that was not litigated was the alleged sexual harassment committed by William Aramony. He was accused of pressuring numerous office workers to have sex with him, though no such accusations were ever formally filed. According to the indictment, he propositioned female employees and offered the women "financial benefits" if they had sex with him and transferred or suppressed the careers of "those who rebuffed him."
Aramony was never charged with, or convicted of, sexual harassment or misconduct.
Rina Duncan, Aramony's former secretary, testified that she had had an affair with Mr. Aramony beginning shortly after she was hired in 1982 and lasting until 1985. 
During trial, the court admitted testimony from several UWA female employees who testified that they had sexual relationships with Aramony, and from two UWA employees who rejected Aramony’s sexual advances in 1985.
Villasor sisters.
When Lisa Villasor Thomas was 22, she met William Aramony on an airplane. He got her a job at UWA and their affair began in July, 1986. They traveled together to San Francisco, New York City and other locations for business. Everything was fine until he "met someone he liked even more: her kid sister."
Lori Villasor graduated from high school in Macclenny, Florida in 1986. She was unsure what to do with her life, so she accepted her older sister’s invitation to move to Alexandria, Virginia and share an apartment. Soon after meeting the 17-year-old Lori, the 59-year-old Aramony began pursuing her. Lisa Thomas, outraged, told Aramony that she "didn't want him contacting me or Lori at all". 
Aramony arranged for a UWA subsidiary to purchase an expensive New York City condominium and furnished it lavishly with $459,000 "Partnership Umbrella" dollars. Aramony claimed that it was a better deal for UWA than the apartment that had been rented for almost 20 years. However, he also used it for his romantic trysts. Aramony was alleged to have siphoned thousands of charity dollars through "Partnership Umbrella" to spend on fancy meals, trips and gifts, to keep Villasor as his mistress. 
Lori Villasor testified that she had received compensation of $27,500 for two consecutive years as a UWA employee for working on a real estate deal which actually required only "an hour or so" of her time. Aramony also flew Villasor and her younger sister LuAnn to Las Vegas as a graduation gift for LuAnn.
Rina Duncan, Aramony's assistant, stated that after Aramony began dating Villasor, "he would run up big bills for airplane flights and entertainment." Ms. Duncan admitted that she had altered Aramony's expense accounts for seven years by substituting the names of clients for Ms. Villasor's name and charging UWA for personal luxury items given to Ms. Villasor.
At one point, Villasor threatened to leave Aramony if Duncan continued to work for him. "Time" magazine notes that Aramony found a position "for Duncan at Partnership Umbrella, the U.W.A. spin-off company that he would use to fund his affair with Villasor."
Prosecution.
On April 3, 1995, after a three-week trial, Mr. Aramony was convicted in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia on 23 counts including conspiracy to defraud, mail fraud, wire fraud, transportation of fraudulently acquired property, engaging in monetary transactions in unlawful activity, filing false tax returns and aiding in the filing of false tax returns. Money laundering charges were dismissed. He was sentenced to 84 months in prison, fined $300,000, and served time at the Federal Prison Camp at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, near Goldsboro, North Carolina. 
Upon appeal, the $300,000 fine was vacated by the United States Court of Appeals, Fourth Circuit based on Aramony's inability to pay. He was released from prison on September 28, 2001 after six years of incarceration and was on probation for three additional years.
Aramony consistently denied any wrongdoing. He appealed his convictions and sentences; nearly all of his appeals were denied. "Aramony's lawyer says his client's judgment was impaired because of brain atrophy" and noted "that Aramony had a cancer that led to surgical castration" while he was seeing Lori Villasor. Lori Villasor ended her affair with Aramony in 1992.
While still incarcerated in 1996, Aramony filed a $5 million lawsuit against UWA, claiming he was denied earnings and retirement benefits that were due him. UWA counter-sued and a United States district court issued a split decision which both parties appealed. The Second Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a portion of the lower court's decision: United Way of America owed Aramony $2.4 million in pension benefits, less UWF's $2.02 million award against Aramony. After subtracting the amount Aramony owed UWA from the New York state attorney general's judgement against him, applicable income tax withholdings and attorney's fees, Aramony received $7,871.
Later Life and Death.
Aramony married again in 2002 to Gail Manza. According to "The New York Times", Aramony devoted a great deal of his time during the 2000s to an initiative for Middle East Jewish, Muslim and Christian communities to encourage fellowship, mediation services and visitor exchange.
He died in late 2011 at his son's Arlington, Virginia home. The cause of Aramony's death was bone cancer, which developed following prostate cancer in the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19458184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458184" title="Mieczysław Szczuka">
Mieczysław Szczuka

Mieczysław Szczuka (October 19, 1898 – August 13, 1927) was a Polish avant-garde artist and mountaineer. 
Szczuka was born in Warsaw, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire (now Poland) and studied painting in 1915-1918 at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw, with Professor Miłosz Kotarbiński. After graduation he worked as painter and graphic artist. His main work was as a book illustrator and a theatre set designer. He also produced photomontages and abstract art films. Szczuka participated in several international exhibitions such as the "First exhibition of modern art" in Bucharest. A promoter of utilitarianism in Poland, Szczuka joined the group of avantgarde artists "Blok".
Diagnosed with tuberculosis, in 1923 Mieczysław Szczuka moved to the mountain resort of Zakopane at the foot of Tatras. He started mountaineering and in 1923-1927 repeated some most difficult climbs of the time and established own new routes.
He died in an accident while climbing the south face of Zamarła Turnia in the Tatra Mountains with some novice climber.

</doc>
<doc id="19458210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458210" title="Jan Mucha (speedway rider)">
Jan Mucha (speedway rider)

Jan Mucha (born 16 May 1941 in Mikołów, Poland) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider who appeared in the Speedway World Championship finals four times.

</doc>
<doc id="19458217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458217" title="Ambiguous computing">
Ambiguous computing

Ambiguous computing (or ludic computing) is sub-branch of human-computer interaction (HCI) concerned with how ambiguity can be used as a resource for creating more engaging computer systems. By leveraging the fact "ambiguous situations require people to participate in making meaning" designers can thus relinquish control to the users in interpreting the system. The important pioneers in this field are William Gaver and Phoebe Sengers.
Ambiguity in design originated in cultural probes as a method for user research. However, it was later adopted in actual design prototypes and artifacts.

</doc>
<doc id="19458233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458233" title="Max Fiske (American football)">
Max Fiske (American football)

Max Joseph Fiske (September 27, 1913March 15, 1973) was an American football player for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
In 1977 he was inducted into the Roseland Pullman Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19458278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458278" title="Shrine of Our Lady of Europe">
Shrine of Our Lady of Europe

The Shrine of Our Lady of Europe is a Roman Catholic parish church and national shrine of Gibraltar located at Europa Point. The church is dedicated to Our Lady of Europe, the Catholic patroness of Gibraltar.
It belongs to the European Marian Network, which links twenty Marian sanctuaries in Europe (as many as the number of decades in the Rosary).
History.
The Spanish period.
At the beginning of the 14th century, during the Moor period of the town, a small mosque was erected in Europa Point. It is known that during the first Spanish period (1309–1333) the mosque was turned into a Christian shrine
On 20 August 1462, on St. Bernard of Clairvaux's feast day, the Spaniards recaptured Gibraltar from the Moors. They converted again the little mosque at Europa Point into a Christian shrine in honour of Our Lady as Patroness of Europe (), with devout intention of consecrating to God, through Mary, the whole continent, from a place of prayer and worship at its southernmost point.
They built a large chapel at right angles to the mosque's east wall and the whole area became the Shrine of Our Lady of Europe. A statue of the Virgin and Child was installed in this shrine in the 15th century. The statue was quite small, only two feet in height, carved in wood and polychromed in royal red, blue and gold. The Virgin was seated in a simple chair, with the Child Jesus on her lap. Both were crowned and the Virgin held in her right hand a sceptre with three flowers denoting Love, Truth and Justice. The shrine prospered in fame and popularity, for well over two centuries. Ships passing through the Strait of Gibraltar saluted Our Lady as they passed Europa Point and mariners often came ashore with gifts to the shrine. Provisions were made by them for a constant supply of oil so that a light could be kept burning not only in front of the image but also in the tower. Therefore, the light kept burning in the tower above the chapel was the Gibraltar's first lighthouse.
In the 16th century, the Mediterranean coasts of Spain were the target of the Barbary pirates. In 1540, Gibraltar was attacked and looted by a lieutenant of Barbarossa, Hali Hamat. The shrine was sacked and all its valuables were stolen, but the statue of the Virgin and Child was respected. The shrine recovered and was protected by new walls, erected by Philip II. New notable gifts were received, such as a silver lamp, given in 1568 by Giovanni Andrea Doria, son of the great Genoese admiral Andrea Doria, and two massive silver lamps presented by John of Austria, upon his victory at the Battle of Lepanto (1571).
The British period.
The next attack to the shrine took place in August 1704 as the city was captured by a mainly Anglo-Dutch fleet on behalf of the pretender to the Spanish crown, the Archduke Charles. As the bombardment of the city began, most of the women and children of Gibraltar were evacuated to the shrine led by several priests. Part of the troops of Captain Edward Whitaker, who had landed at Rosia Bay, headed to the shrine and captured the women. They also looted:
Some women had been killed in a gunfight before the soldiers took the shrine, but did not suffer from further molestation when the shrine was sacked. The head of the statue of the Virgin and the child Jesus were broken off. Once broken, the remains were thrown out into the strait landing among the rocks below. However, as the statue was wooden, the remains floated out into the Bay of Gibraltar where they were found by a fisherman, who later delivered them to Juan Romero de Figueroa, the priest in charge at the parish of St. Mary the Crowned. Romero de Figueroa remained in the city even when the majority of the population left Gibraltar after the capture of the city and eventually took the statue's remains to Algeciras for safekeeping, one of the places where the former Spanish inhabitants of Gibraltar had settled down. The statue was hosted in a small chapel dedicated to St. Bernard, which was later renamed to the Chapel of Our Lady of Europe.
At the time of the capture of Gibraltar by the Anglo-Dutch fleet, the shrine, as all other Catholic places of worship in Gibraltar except for the Church of St. Mary the Crowned (now Gibraltar's Roman Catholic cathedral), was desecrated and ceased to be used, as was taken over for military use. It also suffered heavy damage during the Great Siege of Gibraltar and subsequently demolished with a new one rebuilt on the same site in subsequent years.
In the early 1860s, the Vicar Apostolic of Gibraltar, John Baptist Scandella, petitioned for the return of the original statue from Algeciras. It was eventually returned to Gibraltar in 1864. As the Shrine of Our Lady of Europe remained in military hands, the statue was provisionally placed in a new chapel erected along Engineer Road. The new chapel included a marble altar donated afterwards by Pope Pius IX. During the Second World War, the statue was returned to the Cathedral for safekeeping. After the War, the statue was once more relocated, this time to St. Joseph's Parish Church, the closest church to Europa Point.
The building erected at the place of the old Shrine of Our Lady of Europe remained property of the Ministry of Defence until 1961. It had been an army storehouse for oil and packing case. Since 1928 it had been used as a library for the garrison, but with the outbreak of World War II, it was returned to a storage facility. By 1959, the military authorities, which had begun to withdraw many military installations in Gibraltar, noticed that it was no longer required and decided to demolish it. However, this never happened and due to the efforts of Bishop John Healy it was ceded to the Diocese on 17 October 1961, in a private ceremony. Restoration works began in 1962. For the first time in 258 years, a mass was celebrated at the Shrine on 28 September 1962. The statue was finally transferred in public procession from St. Joseph's Parish Church to the Shrine on 7 October 1967. In the early 1970s, the building underwent new developments. The statue of Our Lady remains in the Shrine to this day.
Recent years.
Papal approval.
In 1979 Pope John Paul II officially approved the title of Our Lady of Europe as Patroness of Gibraltar, and subsequently, the shrine was restored.
Jubilee.
Upon the 700th anniversary of the devotion to Our Lady of Europe, the shrine received the Golden Rose, a rare gift given by the Pope Benedict XVI in May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19458295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458295" title="West 5th Street (Hamilton, Ontario)">
West 5th Street (Hamilton, Ontario)

West 5th Street is an Upper City (mountain) arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts off in the north at "James Mountain Road", a mountain-access road, and extends southward past Rymal Road where it ends just south of "Christopher Drive". It is a two-way street throughout.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South." 
Roads that are parallel with West 5th Street.
"Note: Listing of Roads from West to East."
Roads that cross West 5th Street.
"Note: Listing of streets from North to South."
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19458330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458330" title="Ballyhide">
Ballyhide

Ballyhide () is a rural townland and village in the extreme South Eastern corner of County Laois, Ireland at the border with County Carlow. The nearest urban centre is Carlow town which is 3 kilometres to the North East. It is located in the Luggacurren Local Electoral District.
Demographics.
The most densely populated area of Ballyhide is a small village situated beside the River Barrow at the border with Crossneen, another townsland. Most of the population are employed in Carlow town although some also work in the Clogrennane Lime plant which is situated 2.5 kilometres to the South West,some travel as commuters as far as Dublion and some also farm the land in this highly agricultural area. Dairying is a major agricultural enterprise.In the arts, Kathleen O'Rourke who grew up here went to school in Graiguecullen has a short animated film nominated for the 2010 Oscars in LA California.
Geography.
Ballyhide is bordered to the South by the River Barrow and the County boundary between County Laois and County Carlow, to the East by Crossneen and to the North by Springhill which are other townslands within the same parish. The River Fuishoge also runs through the area and is a tributary of the Barrow. The area lies at the foot of a 336m high hill referred to as Rossmore, Killeshin hill and often on maps as Slieve Margy.
Landmarks.
The dilapidated ruin of a mansion often referred to locally as Rochfort's Castle or the Black Castle sits at the foot of the hill overlooking Ballyhide which was the home the Rochfort's, an Anglo-Irish landlord family, who owned much of the lands in the area prior to the Irish War of Independence. The Primary Valuation of Ireland or 'Griffiths Valuation', carried out in Laois in 1851/52 refers to the local landlord as Horace Rochfort Esq. The mansion was burned down, leaving it in its current state. Although there is some dispute and little evidence relating to who burned it down, one local story is that the local Irish Republican Army Flying column burned the Rochforts out in revenge for the eviction of a woman who couldn't pay the rent when her husband died. Another story is that her sons burned the house and kidnapped the Rochfort's two sons. Although no evidence is available to verify either story a column was known to have been active in the area and the house certainly did not survive the war.
Ballyhide's location on the banks of the Barrow has led to the areas popularity as fishing spot. In particular, the stretch of river where the small canal rejoins the Barrow, locally known as Lanigans Lock, is well known for trout fishing and was a very popular swimming spot although Laois County Council have posted signs warning of the dangers of swimming in the water here. A walkway known as the Barrow track runs from Milford, downriver of Ballyhide through this area and into Carlow town. 
Sport.
The people of Ballyhide have divided loyalties when it comes to Gaelic Football clubs. There are two clubs in the parish, Graiguecullen GAA and Killeshin GAA and Ballyhide residents usually elect to play for one or the other. However, there is no doubting where their loyalties lie when it comes to intercounty football as being so close to the border, they are always sure to let you know that they are from the Laois side of the border and that they will be wearing blue and white whenever Laois GAA play. Many Ballyhide people also use the sports facilities in or around Carlow town such as the Carlow Lawn Tennis Club or Carlow Golf Club or play soccer with Killeshin or with Graiguecullen based clubs St Patricks Boys FC or St Fiaccs FC.
Education.
Most young people from Ballyhide attend school at primary level in either Scoil Chomhgáin Naofa, Killeshin or St Fiaccs National School, Graiguecullen. They then go on to study at second level in any of Carlows second level schools such as St Leo's College, Carlow for girls, the Christian Brothers Academy for boys or mixed schools such as Carlow Vocational School, Gaelcholáiste Ceatharlach or Presentation College. Boys may also chose to go the famous Laois football school St. Mary's Knockbeg College. 

</doc>
<doc id="19458337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458337" title="2008 Nebelhorn Trophy">
2008 Nebelhorn Trophy

The 2008 Nebelhorn Trophy is the Nebelhorn Trophy for the 2008–2009 figure skating season. The competition held annually in Oberstdorf, Germany and is named after the Nebelhorn, a nearby mountain.
It is one of the first international senior competitions of the season. Skaters are entered by their respective national federations and compete in four disciplines: men's singles, ladies' singles, pairs, and ice dancing. The Fritz-Geiger-Memorial Trophy is presented to the team with the highest placements across all disciplines. In this year, it was awarded to the United States, with Canada coming in second and Germany coming in third.
The 2008 Nebelhorn Trophy took place between September 25 and 29, 2008 in the Eislaufzentrum Oberstdorf. The compulsory dance was the Viennese Waltz.

</doc>
<doc id="19458343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458343" title="Buzz Warren">
Buzz Warren

Buist Lamb "Buzz" Warren (1916–1986) was an American football player who played one season in the National Football League (NFL) in 1945.
Playing career.
Warren attended the University of Tennessee.
In 1945 he played for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Pittsburgh Steelers in his only season in the NFL. During World War II he served in the Navy as a chef, and in college he played in the Orange Bowl in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19458346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458346" title="Rizal Institute – Canlubang">
Rizal Institute – Canlubang

The Rizal Institute – Canlubang (RIC) (also known as R.I.) is a private school in Calamba City, Philippines.
Founded by Hon. Jose H. Yulo Sr. in 1949, the school was formerly known as Rizal Institute Don Bosco or RIDB.
The first director of the school was Ms. Constancio Gabriel with Ms. Josefa M. Tobias as the first principal. In 1960, through the efforts of Fr. LaTorre, the school administration changed hands to the Salesians and became the Rizal Institute Don Bosco Canlubang. The first director from the Salesians was Fr. Jolus Buchta. 
In 2003, after 43 years under the Salesians, the school administration was handed over to an alumnus, Mr. James Robert H. de Guia, a graduate of De La Salle University.
History.
Mr. Yulo conceived the idea of opening a school where students could study at minimum cost (they are still charged only half of the tuition fees) and at the same time be afforded adequate school facilities. 
On June 28, 1949, the first applicants for teaching were interviewed by the newly appointed director, Mr. Constancio P. Gabriel. Three days after, on July 1, the institute was created with an enrollment of 161 students for first and second years. After a week’s period of class at the baseball stadium, classes were transferred to the then unfinished building.
Upon completion of the then seven-room building (now there are 11), the school was formally blessed and inaugurated on November 30, 1949, with ceremonies officiated by Reverend Father Cirilio Castillo, parish priest of CSE, and Mr. Jose Yulo as the principal speaker. 
Academic Staffs.
Mr. Catalino Andaya (Technical Engineering)
Mr. Lorenzo Mayuga (Algebra,Geometry,Statistics,)
Mr. Allan Ross Lopez (Health,PE,Ats,Agriculture)
Mrs. Gloria Canicon (World History,Philippine,Economics)
Mrs. Elsa Garraza (English)
Ms. Mary Ann Macaranas (General Science,Biology,Chemistry)
Mrs. Anna Calabig (Arts,Filipino)
Mrs. Leticia Ferrera (Trigonometry,Physics)
Mr. Roy Oliver (Music)
Ms. Leonida Leal (English,Filipino)
Mrs. Arcelyn Principe (Mathematics,Arts,Filipino)
Common Events.
Nutrition Day (July)
Linggo ng Wika (August)
Foundation Day
Open Jam
Field Trip
Christmas Party
JS Prom (February)
Year & Sections.
7-P (Mr. Oliver)
7-C (Mrs. Calabig)
8-A (Mr. Andaya)
8-L (Mrs. Principe)
3-M (Mayuga)
3-F (Sr. Moskito)
4-G (Mrs. Gloria Canicon)
4-E (Mrs. Elsa Garraza)
Student Council Organization
SY:2013-2014
SCO Advisers: Mr. Catalino Andaya, Mrs. Gloria Canicon (class fund)
President: Mathew Icaban
Vice-President: Mark Darwin Sonido
Secretary: Joshua Estipular
Councilors: 
Arvin Roi Tagle
John Paolo Claveria
Paul Jhon Calida
Christian Paul Gonzales
Mark Paul Gonzales
Mark Ericson Sangel
Ian Paulo Mendoza
Jeric Murtz
Justin Andrew Micosa
Israel Lamadrid
Christian Jacob Esguerra
Jhonel de Guzman
John Maynard Garcia
Jasper Matthew Ferrer
Aaron Vixen Enriquez

</doc>
<doc id="19458396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458396" title="Papyrus 69">
Papyrus 69

Papyrus 69 (designated by formula_169 in the Gregory-Aland numbering) is a small fragment from the Gospel of Luke dating to the 3rd century.
Description.
This fragment omits the entire detailed content of Jesus’ prayer in Luke 22:42–45a. At Luke 22:61 Peter (not Jesus) is looking. Claire Clivaz has suggested that formula_169 (P. Oxy 2383) should be regarded 'as a witness to a Marcionite edition of Luke's Gospel'. Peter M. Head feels that 'the suggestion that formula_169 is a manuscript of Marcion’s Gospel is a very clever idea which is however not proven and not the most plausible context for making sense of this fascinating manuscript'.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Western text-type. According to Aland text is very free, "characteristic of precursors of the D-text", therefore Aland placed it in Category IV.

</doc>
<doc id="19458417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458417" title="Joe Ostrowski">
Joe Ostrowski

Joseph Paul Ostrowski (November 15, 1916 – January 3, 2003) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in the majors, from -, for the St. Louis Browns and New York Yankees.
Ostrowski did not enter professional baseball out of college, instead opting to teach for three years, leading to his being nicknamed "Professor" and "Specs" as a player. He was finally picked up at the age of 25 by the Boston Red Sox as an amateur free agent in 1941. The 6', 180 lb. left-hander began his professional career that season with the Centreville Red Sox. After missing the 1943-45 seasons while serving in the military during World War II, he played the 1946-47 seasons for the Louisville Colonels, the Red Sox' top farm team. In November 1947, he was part of an eight-player trade sending him to the Browns.
After starting the season in the minors with the Toledo Mud Hens, Ostrowski made his MLB debut on July 18, 1948 with the Browns. He was traded to the Yankees on June 15, 1950 as part of a seven-player trade, and pitched for them through 1952. After pitching for the Los Angeles Angels of the Pacific Coast League in , he retired from professional baseball and returned to teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="19458444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458444" title="Oswald efficiency number">
Oswald efficiency number

The Oswald efficiency, similar to the span efficiency, is a correction factor that represents the change in drag with lift of a three-dimensional wing or airplane, as compared with an ideal wing having the same aspect ratio and an elliptical lift distribution.
Definition.
The Oswald efficiency is defined for the cases where the overall coefficient of drag of the wing or airplane has a constant+quadratic dependence on the aircraft lift coefficient
where
For conventional fixed-wing aircraft with moderate aspect ratio and sweep, Oswald efficiency number with wing flaps retracted is typically between 0.7 and 0.85. At supersonic speeds, Oswald efficiency number decreases substantially. For example, at Mach 1.2 Oswald efficiency number is likely to be between 0.3 and 0.5.
Comparison with span efficiency factor.
It is frequently assumed that Oswald efficiency number is the same as the span efficiency factor which appears in Lifting-line theory, and in fact the same symbol "e" is typically used for both. But this assumes that the profile drag coefficient is independent of formula_2, which is certainly not true in general. Assuming that the profile drag itself has a constant+quadratic dependence on formula_2,
an alternative drag coefficient breakdown can be given by
where
Equating the two formula_5 expressions gives the relation between the Oswald efficiency number "e0" and the lifting-line span efficiency "e".
For the typical situation formula_8, we have formula_9.

</doc>
<doc id="19458447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458447" title="The Story of Edgar Sawtelle">
The Story of Edgar Sawtelle

The Story of Edgar Sawtelle is the first novel by American author David Wroblewski. It became a "New York Times Best Seller" on June 29, 2008, and Oprah Winfrey chose it for her book club on September 19, 2008. Winfrey also included the book as one of the few tangible gifts in her recession-themed thrifty Oprah's Favorite Things that year.
The novel is a retelling of Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in rural Wisconsin. The titular character is a mute boy who, after his father is killed, runs away from but then returns to his usurped home, hoping to prove his suspicions that his uncle murdered his father.
Plot summary.
Forte's Children
Edgar comes from a line of dog breeders. After buying a farm, his grandfather rents out the farmland and starts dog breeding. He and his wife have two sons, Edgar's father (Gar) and Claude. Claude leaves the farm and Gar stays on and carries on the family business. After some troubled attempts to have a child, Gar and his wife (Trudy) have Edgar. After his parents come to understand that he is mute, Edgar grows up on the farm learning to breed dogs with his parents and Almondine, his own dog. Once he is old enough, his parents give him his own litter to raise.
Eventually, Claude returns to the farm. After a brief stint of helping out around the house and barn, he leaves after a drunken brawl with Gar. A few weeks later, Edgar finds his father in the barn, dying mysteriously. After unsuccessfully trying to call for help, Edgar watches his father die.
Three Griefs 
After burying Gar, Edgar and Trudy decide to keep the family business running, despite the new workload. However, shortly after beginning to adjust to Gar's death, Trudy catches pneumonia and Edgar attempts to carry on the work without her. Before long, two dogs end up in a vicious fight. With both dogs injured and their vet out of town, they must call on Claude for assistance. After he helps treat the dogs and Trudy recovers, they begin to sleep together.
One night not long after, Edgar wakes to the dogs barking and goes to investigate. Searching around in a storm for what was causing the dogs to bark, he sees the outline of his father's ghost in the rain. Through signs, Edgar is led to the syringe that most likely killed his father – one that he has seen Claude use before.
What Hands Do
After Edgar confirms for sure that his mother and Claude are indeed romantically involved, he struggles to live under the same roof with his uncle. He comes to seek confirmation for his suspicions about his father's murder. 
When a potential buyer comes over to take a look at their dogs, Edgar seizes on the opportunity to test Claude. He stages a scene with the dogs, in which they mimic Claude using a syringe to poison people. One dog touches another with a syringe in its mouth and the touched dog falls over and plays dead. The final dog touches Claude's leg, and when he flinches, Edgar feels he has confirmed his suspicions.
Angry at the strange show Edgar put on in front of a buyer, Trudy confronts Edgar and they get in a struggle. In the midst of their argument, Edgar, enraged, seeing a figure he thinks to be Claude, swings a hay hook and sends him tumbling down the stairs, killing him. Trudy discovers that the figure was actually Dr. Papineau, their vet. Scared at what might happen to Edgar because of the death, she tells him to disappear for a while. Three dogs from his litter follow him into the woods.
Chequamegon
Edgar drifts in the woods and, without a fishing tackle, is forced to rob the cabins he comes across for food. Eventually he decides to head up to Canada, where there is a commune he hopes to join. Along the way however, one of his dogs is injured, and he is forced to seek help.
He goes to a house he has just robbed and the owner, Henry, helps him with the injured dog. He takes to Henry, and agrees to stay there until his dog has healed. Once the dog is healed, Henry offers to give Edgar a ride up north to his destination. En route they are hit by a tornado. In the aftermath, Edgar decides to return home.
Poison
Edgar returns home and leaves a note in his house for his mother. Claude finds it before Trudy and tells Glen, a police officer and son of Dr. Papineau, who is suspicious that Edgar caused his father's death. Spooked by Edgar's appearance, Claude moves a bottle of poison in the barn and Edgar catches him. Later, Edgar sees his mother and convinces her to give him a night alone in the barn, so he can search for the poison Claude moved. Meanwhile, Claude and Glen plot to trap Edgar, so Glen can “question” him.
Glen surprises Edgar in the barn and tries to kidnap him using a rag soaked in ether. Edgar manages to grab some quicklime and douses Glen in it. It gets in Glen's eyes and he stumbles out of the barn, blinded. The ether hits a lamp and the barn lights on fire. Edgar, worried for the dogs papers, his father's life's work, starts moving them out of the barn while it burns up. Claude has hidden the poison with the papers, though. He pretends to help Edgar take the files out of the barn, grabs the bottle of poison, and when he is not looking, stabs Edgar with a syringe in the burning barn. As Claude waits for the poison to work on Edgar, the barn fills with smoke. Claude is unable to escape and he and Edgar die in the barn. The Sawtelle dogs, who have escaped the fire, leave into the wild.
Film.
In 2012, writer Wentworth Miller acquired the rights of the novel for a feature film for producers Tom Hanks and Oprah Winfrey. 

</doc>
<doc id="19458448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458448" title="Bobby Hogue">
Bobby Hogue

Robert Clinton Hogue (April 5, 1921 – December 22, 1987) was an American professional baseball player, a right-handed relief pitcher who appeared in 172 Major League games from - for the Boston Braves, St. Louis Browns and New York Yankees. The native of Miami, Florida, stood tall and was listed at during his pitching career. He was a United States Navy veteran of World War II.
In his rookie MLB season with the 1948 Braves, Hogue appeared in 40 games and compiled an 8–2 record, an earned run average of 3.23 and two saves to help Boston win its last National League pennant. In his only starting assignment, on July 8 against the Brooklyn Dodgers, he pitched ineffectively and lasted only two innings, but the Braves came back to win the contest, 7–4. He did not appear in the 1948 World Series. During his tenure with the Braves, Hogue learned to throw the knuckleball, which became an effective pitch in his repertoire.
Three seasons later, Hogue bounced from the Braves to the second division St. Louis Browns of the American League to the powerhouse Yankees' Triple-A Kansas City Blues into mid-August. But on August 20, 1951, the Yankees recalled Hogue and another player from the Blues for the stretch run, and each contributed to New York's third straight AL pennant. (The other player was a 19-year-old rookie centerfielder named Mickey Mantle.) During the rest of the American League season, Hogue appeared in seven games in relief for the Yanks, allowing four hits and no runs in 7 innings pitched and winning his only decision. In the 1951 World Series, Hogue appeared in two games (both Yankee losses) in relief, but only allowed one hit, a single to former teammate Eddie Stanky in Game 3, and did not allow any inherited baserunners to score. Those two games were the only games lost by the Yankees in a six-game triumph over their NL neighbors, the New York Giants.
His MLB career ended in 1952, as the Yankees put him on waivers and he was claimed by the Browns, who used him in eight games during August and September.

</doc>
<doc id="19458462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458462" title="Onllwyn Brace">
Onllwyn Brace

David Onllwyn Brace (16 November 1932 - 4 July 2013) was a Welsh international scrum-half who played club rugby for Newport and Aberavon. He won nine caps for Wales and would captain the team twice in the early 1960s. Brace was an exciting, unorthodox scrum-half, who epitomised the Welsh flair scrum-half, though his uneven international appearances point towards unhappiness in his match play from the Welsh selectors.
Rugby career.
Brace first played rugby for Aberavon but moved to Newport after the club tried to play him in the unfamiliar role of outside-half to Cliff Ashton. As a Newport player, Brace was chosen to face the touring New Zealand in 1954. Brace later played for Llanelli and captained the team during two seasons 1958/59 and 1960/61. He was one of 21 former Llanelli captains to parade in front of the supporters before the final match at Llanelli's first home ground, Stradey Park.
Brace made his international debut for Wales against England on 21 January 1956 in a game at the Twickenham. Wales won the match 8–3, and Brace faced England's Mike Smith, of whom he had made an excellent half-back partnership at Oxford University. Brace would play in all four matches of the 1956 Five Nations Championship which Wales won, losing only to Ireland in the tournament. Brace played nine games for Wales, and captained the country twice, on both occasions against Ireland in 1960 and 1961.
International matches played.
Wales
Broadcasting career.
Onllwyn Brace succeeded Cliff Morgan as Head of Sport at BBC Wales. After retiring from the BBC in 1989 he joined the Merlin Group as a freelance producer making sports and gardening programmes for the BBC and S4C.

</doc>
<doc id="19458464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458464" title="Claudia Lauper Bushman">
Claudia Lauper Bushman

Claudia Marian Lauper Bushman (born 1934) is an American historian specializing in the history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
Personal life and education.
A member of LDS Church, Bushman is the wife of fellow historian Richard Lyman Bushman. The Bushmans are the parents of six children. Claudia Bushman was recognized as mother of the year for the state of New York in 2000. She is the sister of Bonnie Goodliffe, one of the organists for the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
Bushman holds degrees from Wellesley College, Brigham Young University and Boston University.
Career.
Bushman is a professor of American Studies at Columbia University. In the summer of 2003, she was the director of the Joseph Fielding Smith Institute for Church History's Summer Scholars program. For the 2007–08 academic year, Bushman was an adjunct professor at Claremont Graduate University while her husband held the Howard W. Hunter chair at that institution. Bushman is the author of many books, most recently "Contemporary Mormonism: Latter-day Saints in Modern America" (Praeger Publishers, 2006).
In 1974 Bushman was involved in the founding of Exponent II, a Mormon feminist magazine. There was some speculation among the faculty of Brigham Young University that this led to an attempt by university officials to rescind an invitation for her to speak there in 1993.
Bushman has been heavily involved in cultural activities and public relations in New York City. She was the producer of the youth celebration than coincided with the dedication of the Manhattan New York Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19458473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458473" title="Dag Lövaas">
Dag Lövaas

Dag Lövaas (born 25 February 1953 in Holmestrand, Norway) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider. who reached the finals of the Speedway World Championship in 1974. His brother Ulf was also a speedway rider.
Career summary.
He rode for the Hackney Hawks in 1974, finishing the season with the highest recorded average in the Hawks' history.
He then rode for Oxford Rebels (photo)1975 and then White City Rebels1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19458503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458503" title="Charley Wensloff">
Charley Wensloff

Charles William "Butch" Wensloff (December 3, 1915 – February 18, 2001) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for three seasons in the American League with the New York Yankees and Cleveland Indians. In 41 career games, Wensloff pitched 276⅔ innings and posted a win-loss record of 16–13 and a 2.60 earned run average (ERA).
Wensloff began his career in the Arizona-Texas League before joining the New York Yankees farm system. He played on various minor league teams for the next six seasons and made his debut during the 1943 New York Yankees season. He pitched in 29 games, and after the season ended, he served in the United States Army during World War II. Wensloff rejoined the Yankees in 1947, pitching in 11 regular season games and in the 1947 World Series. After the season ended, he was sent to the Cleveland Indians, and pitched in one game for the team before retiring at the end of the season.
Minor leagues.
Wensloff began his professional career in the Arizona-Texas League, pitching for the Class-D, El Paso Texans, a team not affiliated with any major league squad, in 1937. The team included future Major League players Bill Bevens and Milo Candini, and one former Major League player, Jimmy Zinn. Wensloff pitched 34 games that season, going 17–10 with a 4.67 ERA in 233 innings pitched. At the end of the season, he was the third most successful pitcher in the league in terms of wins and pitched in the eighth highest number of innings.
In 1938, Wensloff spent his first season in the New York Yankees minor league system, playing for the Class-C Joplin Miners of the Western Association. In an exhibition game with the Miners against the St. Louis Browns, Wensloff allowed eight runs and failed to pitch for a full inning as the Miners lost, 12–5. In 28 games for the Miners in 1938, he won and lost 13 games each and finished the season with a 3.48 ERA. Wensloff continued his tenure with the Miners during the 1939 season. By the end of July, he had a win-loss record of 17–2. In his final season at the Class-C level, Wensloff compiled a 26–4 record in 31 games, pitching 249 innings. At the end of the season, Wensloff had the most wins in the league along with Maury Newlin of the Topeka Owls, and was also third in the league in innings pitched.
In 1940, Wensloff was promoted to the Kansas City Blues of the American Association, a higher level of the Yankees' farm system, where he played alongside Hall of Famer Phil Rizzuto, among others who later played in the majors. In his first game at the Double-A level, Wensloff allowed only two hits in a game against the Columbus Red Birds. Wensloff pitched in 35 games, 27 starts, going 13–8 with a 3.19 ERA in 178 innings pitched. The Blues went on to play in the American Association playoffs that season. In the second game of three against the Louisville Colonels, Wensloff shut them out as the Blues won the game, 1–0. Wensloff spent his second season with the Blues in 1941, and went 15–8 with a 3.93 ERA in 36 games, 22 of them starts. He finished the season eighth in the American Association in wins.
Wensloff played his third and final season with the Blues in 1942. That season, he was one of five pitchers named to the American Association All-Star Team, which Kansas City hosted. Wensloff won his 19th game of the season on August 24, 1942, pitching the shortest game of the season, which only lasted one hour and 20 minutes. Wensloff had a 21–10 record with a 2.47 ERA in 33 games, had the most wins in the league, and was sixth in ERA during that season. On September 27, 1942, the New York Yankees purchased nine contracts from their minor league teams, including Herb Karpel and Wensloff's contracts from Kansas City, which placed them on the major league roster.
New York Yankees.
Upon signing a contract with the Yankees, Wensloff spent the 1943 season on the Yankees' major league roster. During spring training, Yankees manager Joe McCarthy had heard impressive things about Wensloff, though he had not seen him pitch often. Wensloff made his major league debut for the Yankees on May 2, 1943 against the Washington Senators. In his debut, the second game of a doubleheader, he allowed four earned runs and seven hits in eight innings as the Yankees lost, 4–1. He won his first game in his next pitching appearance on May 7, 1943 against the Philadelphia Athletics, allowing no walks and six hits in a 6–2 victory. By the end of June, he had six complete games in his first six starts. However, he was not receiving the publicity other rookies were, such as pitcher Jesse Flores, and had four wins and four losses despite how well he had been pitching.
During the second half of the season, Wensloff remained a major part of the starting rotation. His losses included a 1–0 defeat in which he only allowed one unearned run on a wild throw against the St. Louis Browns. During the season, Wensloff added a knuckleball to his selection of pitches, which he threw regularly during the season. As the end of the season approached, Wensloff was being promoted as a rookie of the year candidate, due to being second on the team in strikeouts, as well as his 13 wins. Wensloff finished the season with a 13–11 record and a 2.54 ERA in 29 games, 27 of them starts. He did not pitch in the 1943 World Series, though he was on the roster.
Military service.
At the conclusion of the 1943 season, Wensloff enlisted in the United States Army and served in World War II. When the Yankees were preparing for the start of the 1944 season, the team originally had no idea where Wensloff was, as they had not heard from him. He was inactive for the 1944 season. In 1945, Wensloff was traded from the Yankees to the San Diego Padres of the Pacific Coast League for Johnny Kreevich, allowing him to simultaneously pitch professionally and continue serving in the war. In 10 games for the Padres, he won three and lost four with a 3.82 ERA. Afer the 1945 season and the war ended, Wensloff remained in military service, and as a result did not play in 1946.
Later career.
After his service, Wensloff returned to the New York Yankees for the 1947 season. He made his first appearance at the start of June and pitched despite having a sore arm throughout the season, pitching infrequently. In 11 games with the Yankees, Wensloff compiled a record of 3–1 with a 2.61 ERA and 18 strikeouts in 51⅔ innings pitched, and pitched two innings of one game in the 1947 World Series.
As the 1948 season began, Wensloff did not report to spring training, and was holding out for a new contract; the only time he communicated with the club was to inquire about his World Series ring. At the end of March, he was sold by the Yankees to the Philadelphia Phillies for a reported $30,000. Wensloff refused to join the Phillies because he did not want to play in the National League, and as a result he was sent back to the Yankees. The Yankees were also in trade talks with the New York Giants, but Wensloff refused to play for them for the same reason. The Yankees continued to look for a trading partner, and eventually traded him to the Cleveland Indians for an undisclosed amount. With the Indians, Wensloff pitched only one game, giving up two earned runs in 1⅔ innings pitched on May 4. He was placed on the disabled list on May 20, 1948 with continued arm soreness. This later proved to be a career-ending injury for Wensloff, as he retired at the end of the 1948 season. Upon ending his career, Wendloff retired to San Rafael, California, and died on February 18, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19458532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458532" title="Marv Breuer">
Marv Breuer

Marvin Howard "Baby Face" Breuer (April 29, 1914 – January 17, 1991) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the New York Yankees from 1939 to 1943.
In the 1941 World Series, Breuer came on as a reliever in the fifth inning of Game 4 to relieve Atley Donald, with the Yankees losing 4-3. Breuer pitched three scoreless innings, which enabled the Yankees to ultimately win the game on a passed ball by Mickey Owen Breuer also pitched in the 1942 World Series, which the Yankees lost to the St. Louis Cardinals.
After Breuer's playing career ended, he spent 31 years working for the United States Geological Survey until his retirement in 1976. He was survived by his wife, Dorothy, two children, three grandchildren, and three great grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19458540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458540" title="Clay Hill, Florida">
Clay Hill, Florida

Clay Hill is an unincorporated community in Clay County, Florida, United States. It is located in the northwest corner of Clay County, Florida, and lies along County Road 218. It is a rural community that serves as a bedroom community for the surrounding areas, and home to several working farms. Agricultural products produced in Clay Hill include beef cattle, hay, and timber. Employers in the area include a sawmill, auto and small engine repair businesses, a welding and fabrication shop, a tree service, and one general and two convenience stores. The community is home to two elementary schools and one junior high school.

</doc>
<doc id="19458556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458556" title="Charlie Devens">
Charlie Devens

Charles Devens (January 1, 1910 in Milton, Massachusetts – August 13, 2003 in Scarborough, Maine), was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. After pitching for Harvard he was signed in 1932 to the New York Yankees. At 92 years of age, Devens was the oldest surviving member of the famed 1932 world championship Yankees team and recalled with great detail [http://www.articlearchives.com/sports-recreation/sports-games-outdoor-recreation-baseball/907876-1.html] the now famous Babe Ruth's Called Shot
Career.
Signed in 1932 and leaving the team in 1934, Devens' Major league career was cut short by his future father-in-law who refused to have a ball player as a son in law. After his departure from the big leagues Devens established his reputation as a standout businessman in Boston. Given his short 3-year career Charlie Devens was only able to amass 82 innings pitched with only one start in 1934. At the conclusion of his career, Charlie held a 5 and 3 record with 31 strikeouts and a 3.73 ERA.
Personal.
His granddaughter was Sarah Devens. She participated on three varsity teams at Dartmouth College: field hockey, ice
hockey and lacrosse. She was named a captain of all three teams and was considered by many teammates to be the best female athlete Dartmouth
ever had.

</doc>
<doc id="19458567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458567" title="Robert Gordon (RAF officer)">
Robert Gordon (RAF officer)

Air Commodore Robert Gordon CB, CMG, DSO, RAF (22 January 1882 – 25 September 1954) was a Royal Marines officer who held various posts in the Royal Naval Air Service during World War I. From 1918 onwards, he was a senior officer in the Royal Air Force. He notably commanded the RAF's Z Force in British Somaliland in 1920 as part of the Somaliland campaign.
Life.
Gordon was born 22 January 1882 in Rangoon, Burma. He was educated at Fettes College before joining the Royal Marines in 1900. In 1912, Gordon was among the first group of aviators to be taught at Eastchurch. He later became a flying officer in the Royal Flying Corps' Naval Wing when it was formed.
At the start of the first world war, Gordon commanded the naval air station at Dundee. In 1915, he moved to East Africa for operations to destroy the German cruiser Konigserg. For this work he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order. Following promotion to wing comamnder, Gordon served in Mesopotamia and Italy and then moved to the Eastern Mediterranean, where he commanded No. 2 Wing of the Royal Naval Air Service in the Aegean. He transferred to the Royal Air Force when it was formed in 1918 ad after service in south Russia he was awarded a permanent commission in the RAF. 
Following promotion to group captain, Gordon was to command the RAF in Egypt and British Somaliland. After his time in the latter protectorate, he was Officer Commanding No. 3 Group before taking up command of RAF Trans-Jordania. After some time as a supernumerary in 1923, Gordon attended the Senior Officers' Course at the Royal Naval College, Greenwich. The following year, he was appointed Officer Commanding No. 1 Group and 1925 saw Gordon promoted to air commodore and made Air Officer Commanding No. 3 Group in what was a return to his old command. Gordon retired at his own request only seven months later.
During World War II, Gordon returned to duty as the Scottish Deputy Area Commandant of the Observer Corps. He died on 25 September 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="19458574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458574" title="RMIT School of Creative Media (former)">
RMIT School of Creative Media (former)

The RMIT School of Creative Media is a former academic school in the College of Design and Social Context (DSC) of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University), located in Melbourne, Australia. The school hosted RMIT's Animation, Audio/Visual, Creative Writing, Film & Television, Music, Multimedia, Photography, and Video Games programs. It merged with the School of Applied Communication on 6 July 2009 to form the RMIT School of Media and Communication.
Location.
The school is located in Building 94 on Cardigan Street in the "Carlton Precinct" of the RMIT City campus, at the northern end of the Melbourne city centre.
Programs.
Vocational (TAFE).
Diploma:
Advanced Diploma:
Undergraduate.
Honours:
Postgraduate.
Coursework:
By Research:
AIM Centre:
<br>
1"articulates into the Bachelor of Arts (Photography)"<br>2"articulates into the Bachelor of Design (Multimedia Systems)"<br>3"articulates into the Bachelor of Arts (Music Industry)"<br>4"articulates into the Bachelor of Arts (Multimedia) or the Bachelor of Communication degrees in the RMIT School of Applied Communication"<br>5"in partnership with the RMIT School of Computer Science and Information Technology"
Centre for Animation and Interactive Media.
The Centre for Animation and Interactive Media (AIM) is the school's postgraduate studio and production centre. It's respected both in Australia and internationally, and developed its reputation during the 1990s. AIM productions are regularly presented at international festivals, including the Cannes Film Festival, and have won awards worldwide.
Field 36 Gallery.
The Field 36 is the RMIT School of Creative Media's exclusive gallery. The gallery has the capacity for media and electronic arts, and hosts exhibition by RMIT student and alumni as well as leading artists whose work mirrors the direction of the school. It is located in Building 36 on Swanston Street at the RMIT City campus.
Partner schools.
The school is specifically partnered with the leading Rhode Island School of Design in the US and the UK's oldest film school at the University of Westminster, as well as a number of other partners of the greater RMIT.
Journals.
Second Nature: The International Journal of Creative Media is an open access, peer-reviewed online journal auspiced in Australia by the RMIT School of Creative Media. Second Nature explores the distinctive particulars of and interconnections between textual, visual, aural and interactive creative research and practices.
External links.
Disciplines in the School of Creative Media:

</doc>
<doc id="19458579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458579" title="Al Shealy">
Al Shealy

Albert Berley Shealy (May 24, 1900 in Chapin, South Carolina – March 7, 1967 in Hagerstown, Maryland), was a professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, for the New York Yankees and for the Chicago Cubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19458595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458595" title="Gregg Hale (musician)">
Gregg Hale (musician)

Gregg Hale (born January 29, in Idaho Falls) is an American musician, producer, and recording engineer best known for playing guitar for multi-platinum British band Spiritualized, his work as an A&R Rep, and his recording work with the Fox Soccer Channel, The Glenn Beck Program, Disney, KONAMI, and Guitar Hero.
Musical History.
Hale played in many bands, but in 1997, while living in Liverpool, he met Sean Cook, Mike Mooney, and Damon Reece, all members of multi-platinum band Spiritualized. He played guitar with Spiritualized in 1997 and 1998, helping fill out live sound after the release of "Ladies and Gentlemen We Are Floating in Space", which "NME" magazine named as their Album of the Year. He left the band in 1998, several months before Cook, Mooney and Reece left the band.
Post-Spiritualized.
Since his time with Spiritualized, he has moved back to America, and worked as an A&R rep for several record labels, including Arista Records. He currently splits time between Idaho Falls, Idaho and Salt Lake City, Utah.
As a musician, he plays in the Post-Rock band Our Dark Horse and the Indie rock band Last Response. He is sponsored by ZT Amplifiers, and can often be seen playing through their "Lunchbox" and "Club" Amps. He is a multi-instrumentalist, having played guitar, bass, drums, percussion, piano, organ, cello, violin, viola, bagpipes, and vocals on various CDs. As a Producer, he founded and owns the record label Handsome Rob Records and Lincoln Street Sound Studio in Salt Lake, and has judged many music and battle-of-the-bands competitions. He has recorded many bands, as well as played guitar and bass, among other instruments, on many albums as a session musician. He has also done extensive recording work for Fox, and Fox Soccer Channel.
In 2005, he and David Reilly, formerly of God Lives Underwater, began collaborating on a new project, writing songs centered around the death of Reilly's fiance. The project was short lived, due to Reilly's death in October 2005.
Gregg has several College degrees, including a Master Of Business Administration, and has attended Ricks College, BYU, and UVU.
Gregg is a Latter-day Saint, and reviews music for LDS music blog Linescratchers.
He is first cousins on his father's side with NFL lineman David Hale.
He is second cousins on his mother's side with The Osmonds.

</doc>
<doc id="19458599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458599" title="Mashino">
Mashino

Mashino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19458617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458617" title="Blix Donnelly">
Blix Donnelly

Sylvester Urban "Blix" Donnelly (January 21, 1914 – June 20, 1976) was an American professional baseball player. A right-handed pitcher and lifelong resident of Olivia, Minnesota, Donnelly had an 18-year (1935–1952) professional career and worked in 190 Major League games between – for the St. Louis Cardinals, Philadelphia Phillies and Boston Braves. He stood tall and weighed .
Donnelly spent nine seasons in minor league baseball; in 1941, he had 28 wins and 304 strikeouts for the Class C Springfield Cardinals of the Western Association. He was promoted to the Major Leagues and the St. Louis Cardinals as a 30-year-old rookie in . In 27 games, four as a starting pitcher, Donnelly posted a career-best 2.12 earned run average, won two of three decisions, and collected four saves as the Redbirds won their third successive National League championship.
He then turned in two outstanding performances in relief in the "All-St. Louis" 1944 World Series. In his first outing, in Game 1, he retired all six St. Louis Browns to face him, but the Browns held on for a 2–1 triumph. Then, in Game 2, Donnelly relieved starting pitcher Max Lanier in the eighth inning of a 2–2 tie. He worked four scoreless frames, allowing two hits and one base on balls while striking out seven, and was the winning pitcher when pinch hitter Ken O'Dea drove home the winning run in the bottom of the eleventh inning. The Cardinals went on to win the World Series over the Browns in six games.
Donnelly was sent to the Phillies in and spent 4½ seasons with them, appearing in 113 games as both a starter and reliever. He was a member of the 1950 "Whiz Kids" edition that won the NL pennant, but at age 36 he was one of the older players on the squad and did not appear in the 1950 World Series.
All told, he allowed 659 hits in 691⅔ MLB innings pitched, with 306 bases on balls and 296 strikeouts. He recorded 27 complete games as a starter and 12 saves as a reliever.

</doc>
<doc id="19458631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458631" title="McRae, Florida">
McRae, Florida

McRae is an unincorporated community in Clay County, Florida, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19458644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458644" title="Al Jurisich">
Al Jurisich

Alvin Joseph Jurisich (August 25, 1921 – November 3, 1981) was an American professional baseball player of Croat descent. A right-handed pitcher, the native of New Orleans, Louisiana, appeared in 104 games in Major League Baseball between – for the St. Louis Cardinals and Philadelphia Phillies. He stood tall and weighed .
Jurisich appeared in one contest as a relief pitcher in the "All-St. Louis" 1944 World Series, won by his Cardinals in six games over the St. Louis Browns. He entered Game 3 in the bottom of the seventh inning with the Cardinals trailing, 4–2. He gave up two hits, doubles to Don Gutteridge and George McQuinn, and was charged with two earned runs in two-thirds of an inning. The Browns would win the game, 6–2. 
Jurisich was mainly a relief pitcher in the Majors, but he did make 42 starts in his 104 appearances and notched 13 complete games. He gave up 344 hits in 388⅓ innings pitched, and issued 189 bases on balls. He had 177 strikeouts and five saves.

</doc>
<doc id="19458653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458653" title="Rodolfo Salinas">
Rodolfo Salinas

Rodolfo Salinas Ortiz (born 29 August 1987 in Durango, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer. He currently plays for Santos Laguna.
Club career.
He made his debut on January 21, 2007 against Club América in which San Luis lost 4-1. His number at the time was #98. He played 7 league games in the entire Clausura season. In the apertura season of 2007 he played 5 games and scored no goals. He scored his first goal against CF Monterrey on March 15, 2008 in which San Luis won 3-1. For the 2008-2009 season he has a starting position. He scored his second goal against Puebla in which the game ended 1-1.

</doc>
<doc id="19458655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458655" title="Virginia Village, Florida">
Virginia Village, Florida

Virginia Village is an unincorporated community in Clay County, Florida, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19458658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458658" title="Laxfield">
Laxfield

Laxfield is a small ancient village in northern Suffolk, England. It is located at a distinct bend in today's B1117 road.
History.
Laxfield arose in Saxon times as it is known that an early church was there and the village itself appears in the Domesday Book. In 1226 Laxfield was given charter to hold a market and Saturday was selected.
The All Saints Church in Laxfield is largely of 14th century construct and was essentially complete by 1488.
The village and the surrounding area, like much of East Anglia, was a hotbed of Puritan sentiment during much of the 17th century. Being the birthplace of the intolerant William Dowsing as well as the home of many of his kin, it was natural enough that Laxfield became a puritan parish. By the mid-1630s, the Fiske family and others had departed for the Massachusetts Bay Colony as part of the wave of emigration that occurred during the Great Migration.
Laxfield was the final station on the Mid-Suffolk Light Railway, which ran from the Great Eastern Railway line at Haughley. The railway opened in 1904 and eventually closed in 1952. Eventually the line reached Cratfield
Laxfield today.
The Village has local amenities such as a hardware store, a village shop (currently run by the co-op) and a Primary school. It is home to All Saint's Church, the Royal Oak Pub, and the Kings Head Pub (known as the low house). Laxfield has one of the biggest communal playing fields in Suffolk, at almost eight acres, which has a large children's play area and a bowls green. There is also a newly refurbished village hall at the centre of the village as well as a small museum in the Guildhall (ca. 1520). This building also houses a doctor's surgery on Tuesday and Friday afternoons.
The Hardware Store, Grayston Brothers, was formerly a full garage, but now only performs minor repair work and tyre changes. 
The King's Head Pub, known locally as 'The Low House', is one of few in the country that lacks a bar counter, instead having a traditional tap room.
Laxfield has its own village band "King Wooly", a five piece band who perform tongue in cheek versions of Monkey Man, Stray Cat Strut, 9 to 5, In the Country and more. Bizarrely, King Wooly have acquired a strong following in Germany.
There is a vibrant Baptist Church in the centre of the village, with services every Sunday, both morning and evening. The church holds various activities for all age groups, weekly and throughout the year. On the front wall of the chapel there is a plaque commemorating the burning at the stake of John Noyes in the village on 22 September 1557.

</doc>
<doc id="19458667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458667" title="Doc Wallace">
Doc Wallace

Frederick Renshaw "Doc" Wallace (September 30, 1893 to December 31, 1964) was a Major League Baseball Shortstop. Wallace played for Philadelphia Phillies in the 1919 season. He played just two games in his career, having one hit in four at-bats. 
Wallace was born in Church Hill, Maryland and died in Haverford, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19458683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458683" title="Mark Neale">
Mark Neale

Mark Neale is a British documentarian and film director based in Los Angeles, California. His best-known work is the 1999 documentary "No Maps for These Territories", which profiled cyberpunk author William Gibson. Prior to "No Maps", Neale had been an acclaimed music video director, making videos for artists such as U2, Paul Weller and the Counting Crows. In 2003, Neale wrote and directed "Faster", a documentary on the MotoGP motorcycle racing world championship, and its sequel "The Doctor, the Tornado and the Kentucky Kid" in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19458702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458702" title="Jim Mooney (baseball)">
Jim Mooney (baseball)

Jim Irving Mooney (September 4, 1906 in Mooresburg, Tennessee – April 27, 1979 in Johnson City, Tennessee), was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the St. Louis Cardinals and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="19458706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458706" title="ZEPRS">
ZEPRS

The Zambia Electronic Perinatal Record System (ZEPRS) is an Electronic Medical Record (EMR) system used by public obstetric clinics and a hospital (the University Teaching Hospital) in Lusaka, Zambia.
Background.
In early 2001 a team of physicians at the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) and visiting Zambian physician Dr. Moses Sinkala conceived the idea based on a successful electronic perinatal record system that the UAB had developed and proven in clinics in Birmingham. in July 2001 the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation awarded a grant to the UAB to develop a similar system to serve public obstetric clinics in Lusaka, Zambia.
The UAB team solicited proposals for the technical design and implementation of the system from several private sector information technology firms, including Electronic Data Systems, before awarding a contract to RTI International (RTI), a large 501(c)3 not-for-profit research organization based in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. Other project partners included the Center for Infectious Disease Research in Zambia (CIDRZ) and the Lusaka District Health Management Team of the Zambian Central Board of Health.
Objectives.
ZEPRS was designed to improve maternal and perinatal outcomes by:
Major components.
ZEPRS achieves these objectives by providing the following:
ZEPRS components include a high-speed point-to-point voice and data wireless network that interconnects facilities; wired and wireless networks within facilities; a data center managed by CIDRZ; and an electronic perinatal record system with integrated patient referral system. 
ZEPRS uses a tabbed user interface and role-based access control system to enable several clinicians to share the same computer to retrieve and enter data for different patients.
Software architecture.
ZEPRS has been developed using the Java programming language. Other technologies used include AJAX, Quartz , MySQL, and others. ZEPRS has its own content management system called DynaSite, that makes it easy to add forms, fields, form flows, and business rules without programming. RTI has developed a locally installable version of the software using the Eclipse Rich Client Platform (RCP) and the Apache Derby embedded database. This version uses the free and open source zcore platform, which uses an implementation of RSS to transmit data over intermittent networks, such as mobile phone networks.
Development history.
RTI worked with South African firm Communications Solutions (Comsol) to conduct a wireless site survey of all facilities, and to design a line-of-sight wireless network to connect them. By March 2003 this network was operational. Before the end of 2003 RTI had worked with Comsol to add Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) to provide voice communication between facilities, and had extended the network to connect multiple buildings in clinic compounds and to multiple wards of the University Teaching Hospital.
Three to nine networked PCs and one laser printer were installed in each clinic, as well as additional PCs and printers in the University Teaching Hospital and administrative offices. The ZEPRS data center was installed at CIDRZ, which housed the combined ZEPRS technical support team.
Approximately 800 clinicians, many of whom had never used a computer, were trained in basic computer literacy. Standard clinical protocol reference works and email were made available to clinicians electronically over the ZEPRS network. 
By early May 2004 RTI had completed an open source electronic patient referral system. This was launched into production use in clinics on 22 June 2004. Clinicians adopted this component readily and the system was soon rolled out to all 24 clinics and the University Teaching Hospital.
Also in May 2004, CIDRZ asked RTI whether the ZEPRS software could be adapted to help in managing antiretroviral therapy (ART) to treat patients infected with the Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Version 1.0 of this software, the ART Patient Tracking System (ART/PTS), was launched into use at Kalingalinga Clinic on 1 June 2004.
RTI reviewed the completed Beta version of the fully integrated perinatal record system with the UAB team in July 2005, and released Version 1.0 on 21 November 2005. This version was pilot tested in a limited number of clinics in Lusaka from December 2005 through January 2006. ZEPRS was launched into production use in two clinics in February 2006. The system was rolled out to all clinics at the average rate of one clinic each month until the roll out was completed in August 2007.
Current status.
Since roll out was completed in August 2007, ZEPRS has been used by 24 public obstetrics clinics, as well as six wards (blocks A-D, adult ARV ward, and pediatric ARV ward) within the University Teaching Hospital in Lusaka. The ZEPRS patient record database has been used since February 2006 for routine health surveillance, monitoring, and supervision of health care. A 2006 study cited the use of a ZEPRS-based patient record system as one of four key factors in the successful rapid scale-up of antiretroviral therapy at primary care sites in Zambia. 
From 1 June 2007, to 31 January 2010, 115 552 pregnant women had prenatal and delivery information recorded in ZEPRS. By September 2011 ZEPRS contained medical records for more than 510,000 patients. In 2011 an average of more than 8,000 new antenatal patients are being registered in the system each month. Clinicians in 25 facilities have used ZEPRS during more than 5,000,000 patient encounters to manage perinatal care. 
ZEPRS links multiple pregnancies of the same mother to the mother's record. ZEPRS had been used to manage multiple pregnancies for more than 20,000 mothers. 
In 2011 ZEPRS has been used by 278 individual users to help care for perinatal patients and analyze related health care data in Lusaka. 
Information regarding the impact of ZEPRS on the quality of health care and health outcomes can be obtained by contacting the Center for Infectious Disease Research in Zambia or the Zambian Central Board of Health.
Ongoing development.
Since ZEPRS was launched in February 2006 it has been continually refined and enhanced based on input from clinicians and emerging needs. In 2008 RTI worked with CIDRZ to implement an interface with the Laboratory Information Management System (LMIS) at Kalingalinga Clinic, enabling lab test results such as CD4 counts to be transferred to patient records automatically twice daily. RTI has developed a version of the software that can be installed locally, be used within a facility in the absence of network connectivity, and can synchronize records automatically when connectivity is detected. This version is based on the free and open source Zcore platform, which can transmit data automatically over intermittent networks, such as mobile phone networks. 
Adaptability.
The Zcore software platform that emerged from ZEPRS has been used for managing pharmaceutical supplies in health centers in Nairobi, Kenya, managing malaria indoor residual spraying operations in Kenya, and managing medical and legal care for rape survivors in South Africa.
Availability.
ZEPRS has been released by RTI as free and open source software under the Apache Software License (Version 2.0). RTI has released ZEPRS documentation under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 License.

</doc>
<doc id="19458707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458707" title="Bernhard Lang">
Bernhard Lang

Bernhard Lang (born 24 February 1957, Linz) is an Austrian composer of the experimental and avant-garde school, particularly advocating a style he has self-termed "repetition-perpetrator".
He began his musical studies at the Bruckner Conservatorium in Linz, later moving on to Graz University; both at Karl-Franzens University and the University of Music and Dramatic Arts. Besides composition he studied piano, philosophy, German philology and theory of harmony as well as computer music. His tutors were, amongst others, A. Dobrowolsky and Gösta Neuwirth.
Since 2003 he achieved the position of associate professor of composition at Graz University.
Lang frequently collaborates with artists form other genres including choreographers, electronic musicians, video artists and DJs.
He is particularly known for the provocatively titled opera "I Hate Mozart", with libretto by Michael Sturminger, composed for the Viennese "Mozart year" festival in 2006. "Das Theater der Wiederholungen", based on the writings of the Marquis de Sade and William S. Burroughs and choreographed by Xavier Le Roy, was premiered at the Graz in 2003. His "Monadology II" was given its British premiere at the Edinburgh International Festival in September 2008, broadcast on BBC Radio 3. Monadology uses a concept Lang calls "musical-cellular processing", which Lang says is derived from Leibniz’s Monadology.
He has composed almost 30 pieces under the name "Differenz/Wiederholung".

</doc>
<doc id="19458725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458725" title="Matt Lawrence">
Matt Lawrence

Matthew Nashid Lawrence (born May 5, 1985 in Hartford, Connecticut) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent in the National Football League. He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He has also been a member of the Seattle Seahawks. He played college football at Massachusetts after transferring from the Connecticut Huskies.
NFL career.
Going undrafted into the NFL in 2008, Lawrence was first signed by the Chicago Bears and Seattle Seahawks and then by the Baltimore Ravens. But he had no statistics in . but in he had four carries but for zero yards. he spent all of and on injured reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="19458728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458728" title="Serpentine leaf miner">
Serpentine leaf miner

The serpentine leaf miner is the larva of a fly, Liriomyza brassicae, in the family Agromyzidae, the leaf miner flies. It mines wild and cultivated plants, such as cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, and Chinese broccoli.
It is distributed in the Pacific, Africa, and the Americas.
The life cycle of the fly is up to 21 days. It lays eggs in the leaf epidermis of host plants. Larvae hatch within four days. They are yellow or green and have three instars. It emerges from the pupa as an adult, a gray fly with black and yellow spots.
The American serpentine leafminer ("Liriomyza trifolii") is a closely related species. Another member of the genus, "Liriomyza commelinae" occurs widely in the neotropics and pupates within the mine. It feeds mainly on plants within the genus "Commelina".

</doc>
<doc id="19458739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458739" title="Art Reinhart">
Art Reinhart

Arthur Conrad Reinhart (May 29, 1899 - November 11, 1946) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from -. 
Biography.
Reinhart was in born in Ackley, Iowa, and attended the University of Iowa. He was a left-handed pitcher and pitched in the Texas League and other minor leagues. 
Reinhart pitched for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1919 to 1928. He played in a total of 123 games, 45 as a starting pitcher. He had a record of 30 wins and 18 losses. 
Reinhart died in Houston, Texas, and is interred at Oak Wood Cemetery in Ackley, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="19458762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458762" title="Hawke's Bay Wind Farm">
Hawke's Bay Wind Farm

The Hawke's Bay Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm which will be constructed in the Hawkes Bay region of New Zealand. It is expected to have a capacity of up to 225MW, with a maximum of 75 turbines. It will be owned by the private company Hawkes Bay Wind Farm Ltd, which is made up of three shareholders including Wind Farm Developments Ltd.
The project received resource consent in February 2006. Appeals against the wind farm were overcome at the Environment Court in October 2006 and at the High Court in May 2007.
A near-by but different wind farm known as Te Waka/Titiokura Wind Farm has been proposed by Unison. The Environment Court has ruled against stage 2 of this wind farm.
In November 2010, Meridian Energy purchased the consents for the project and indicated that construction would commence within two years.
Location.
The wind farm will be located on the Maungaharuru Range near the Titiokura Summit, about 34 km North-west of Napier Airport. The altitude of the range is approximately 1300 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="19458763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458763" title="Mohamed Toihiri">
Mohamed Toihiri

Mohamed Toihiri (born 20 August 1955) was the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Comoros, (also accredited as ambassador to the United States, Canada and Cuba) between 2007 and 2012.
Education.
Toihiri has extensive training in the French language, and communications. He holds four academic degrees, one an advanced degree, from the University of Bordeaux III, France. These include, undergraduate degrees in French and Communications, a graduate degree in Communications, and a Ph.D. in modern French literature with a concentration in Francophone literature. In addition to speaking both French and Comorian natively, he has a fluency in English and Malagasy languages.
Career.
Before taking office at the United Nations, Toihiri held the Chair for French literature and was Senior Lecturer at the University of Comoros. He has been a frequent contributor to Comoros newspapers, the Kashkazi and the Alwatwan, and served as Editor and Chief of Le Comorian, a newspaper written for Comoriens overseas. Toihiri has a long history in teaching French, as well as, instructing other professionals in teaching the language. Outside of his academic career, he has worked for Sony and TDK as Director for Public Relations, in Paris. Ambassador Toihiri also was the High Steward of EUCLID (Euclid University) between 2011 and 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19458774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458774" title="Whitey Moore">
Whitey Moore

Lloyd Albert Moore (June 10, 1912 – December 10, 1987), was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals and Cincinnati Reds. 
Moore contributed thirteen victories to the Cincinnati Reds' 1939 pennant. It was his best season. He was named one of the fastest pitchers during that time. When Cincinnati went to the World Series he was scheduled as a relief pitcher. During his 7-year career he had an ERA of 3.75 with a pitching record of 30 wins and 29 loses. He pitched 228 Strike-Outs and started 60 games.

</doc>
<doc id="19458780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458780" title="Johnny Davis (kickboxer)">
Johnny Davis (kickboxer)

Johnny Morris Davis (born July 15, 1962) is an American former kickboxer who competed in the welterweight and middleweight divisions. Nicknamed "Superfoot", Davis held numerous titles including two world championships.
Career.
Johnny Davis was born in Dillon, South Carolina and currently resides in Rocklin, California. He began martial arts training in karate and eventually reached the rank of second degree black belt. After a successful run competing in point fighting tournaments, he made the jump to full contact kickboxing.
From 1980 to 1984, he won numerous regional kickboxing titles before beating Alvin Prouder for the PKA World Welterweight Championship in Denver, Colorado on February 2, 1985. In 1987, he won the FFKA Championship and also won the ISKA U.S. Middleweight Championship that year in a bout featured on ESPN. Davis' final record was 25 wins and 6 losses, with 13 wins by knockout.
Davis retired in 1988 but continued to stay involved in martial arts. In 1996, he promoted several kickboxing matches in California and became involved with the IKF. In 2002, he released an autobiographical training manual entitled "The Art of Kickboxing, and started his own promotional company AK Promotions.

</doc>
<doc id="19458788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458788" title="Forward Operating Base Gibraltar">
Forward Operating Base Gibraltar

FOB Gibraltar was a British-manned Forward Operating Base in Helmand Province, Afghanistan next to the Helmand River, near the town of Sangin. It was named after the port of Gibraltar, which was the lynchpin of British Naval dominance in the Mediterenean.
The mission for FOB Gibraltar was to train and support Afghan soldiers and take Taliban pressure off the Sangin area, so that the soldiers and the Provincial Reconstruction Team (PRT) could try to secure the population while improving their quality of life.
Taliban fighters who attacked FOB Gibaltar during the summer of 2008 referred to the base as the 'mouth of hell' or 'devil's place'. Of the 160 men of 2nd Battalion, Parachute Regiment (2 PARA) who manned the base, almost one in three were killed or wounded, a higher casualty rate than that suffered by British soldiers during the Second World War: Five killed in action, 14 seriously injured, and another 30 wounded. The Base was last occupied by C Coy 2 Rifles prior to the closure of the FOB in June 2009. C Coy 2 RIFLES moved to FOB Wishtan near Sangin.

</doc>
<doc id="19458803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458803" title="Battle of Maes Moydog">
Battle of Maes Moydog

The Battle of Maes Moydog was a battle that took place at the field of Moydog (, also "Meidiog") on 5 March 1295 during the revolt of Madog ap Llywelyn and others against English rule, near the modern-day village of Llanfair Caereinion in Powys, Wales. 
The battle.
Madog's opponent was the earl of Warwick William de Beauchamp, who, on hearing that Madog's army were camped in a valley close to his base at Welshpool, made a night march on 4 March and surrounded Madog's army. Madog had his spearmen form into a square, and repelled an English cavalry charge, killing around 10 men at arms. However, Warwick's innovative deployment of archers and crossbows gave the English the upper hand. Surrounded, Madog's men fought their way out of the encirclement and killed a further 90 English men, then retreated across the swollen river Banwy, in which many drowned. A second, smaller engagement near a place that the English records call 'Thesseweit' - the location of which remains uncertain - resulted in the loss of Madog's supply train. English losses totalled around one hundred dead; Welsh losses were placed at seven hundred. The battle was a crucial step in breaking Welsh resistance in the revolt; Madog went to ground and was captured in late July.

</doc>
<doc id="19458804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458804" title="Roberto Cassinelli">
Roberto Cassinelli

Roberto Cassinelli (born December 10, 1956) is an Italian politician and lawyer, Member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies.
Studies and professional life.
Cassinelli was born in Genoa, and attended the catholic college Vittorino da Feltre in the same city. Then he graduated in law at University of Milan.<br>He works as a lawyer, pleading at the Supreme Court of Cassation and he has been a member of the bar association at Genoa court of justice. 
He is legal consultant and assistant of Italian and European leading banks, industrial and commercial groups, service companies and public authorities. 
He is, and has been, director, auditor, judicial and extraordinary commissary in several companies.
Political life.
Cassinelli joined very young the Italian Liberal Party (PLI), of which his father, Giorgio, was National vice president. 
With PLI he was elected at the Genoa town council, in 1981, 1985 and 1990.
As one of the founders of the political movement Forza Italia in Liguria, he was Regional Vice Secretary from 1994 to 2006, and Genoese Town Commissioner from 2005 and 2007.
The 2007 Forza Italia congress elected him Genoese Town Secretary.
At the 2008 general elections he has been elected at the Chamber of Deputies with the new political movement People of Freedom ("Il Popolo della Libertà", Pdl), in which Forza Italia and National Alliance ("Alleanza Nazionale", AN) met under the leadership of Silvio Berlusconi.
He is a member of the Commission of Justice at the Chamber of Deputies.
His activity as a Member of Parliament principally focuses on Justice, It law and net neutrality, self-employment.
He is one of the founders of the "Intergruppo Parlamentare 2.0" ("Parliamentary Group 2.0"), whose aim is to introduce the innovation themes into the Italian Parliament.
He is the head of the National Department on commercial and bankruptcy law for People of Freedom.

</doc>
<doc id="19458826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458826" title="Bill Shores">
Bill Shores

William David Shores (May 26, 1904 in Abilene, Texas – February 19, 1984 in Purcell, Oklahoma), was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Philadelphia Athletics, Chicago White Sox, and New York Giants. 
Bill Shores was the first major league player to wear uniform number 13, while playing for the A's in 1931. The number 13 was not routinely issued to players, except by request.

</doc>
<doc id="19458846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458846" title="Thomas Platter the Younger">
Thomas Platter the Younger

Thomas Platter the Younger (c. 24 July 1574, Basel – 4 December 1628, Basel) was a Swiss-born physician, traveller and diarist, the son of the humanist Thomas Platter the Elder.
The foremost record of Platter's life is the manuscript journal he kept, written in German, between around 1595 and 1600. It details his life as a medical student in Montpellier and his later travels in France, Spain, Flanders, and England. The diary supplies detail on many aspects of late sixteenth-century European culture: medical education (including dissections), street and carnival life in Barcelona, European theatre, and the practicalities of the slave trade.
Perhaps the most studied section of Platter's diary is his account of a 1599 trip to London with his older half-brother, Felix Platter, including a visit on 21 September, "at about two o'clock", to the Globe Theatre. Platter saw an early production of "Julius Caesar": his account provides Shakespeare scholars with evidence for the dating of that play.

</doc>
<doc id="19458858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458858" title="Robert S. Alexander High School">
Robert S. Alexander High School

Robert S. Alexander High School is a public high school in Douglasville, Georgia, United States. It is the Third high school to open in the Douglas County School District.
History.
Originally built to relieve overpopulation between Douglas County High School and Lithia Springs High school, Alexander High School opened for the 1986-1987 school year. The school's namesake, Robert S. Alexander, was a long-time employee of the Douglas County School System.
Campus.
Alexander is essentially composed of one wide building sectioned off by wings. The Fine Arts wing consists of the theater, a band room, and a chorus room. The 100 wing hosts English and Foreign Language classrooms. The 200 wing hosts Math and History classrooms. The 300 wing consists of science classrooms. Each classroom on the 300 wing has laboratory stations (water faucet and gas spout). The 400 wing (formerly known as the Freshman Academy) was added on in the 2000s due to the overwhelming number of freshman to be enrolled in the years to come. The 400 wing is now a mixture of academic classrooms. The business wing hosts 6 large computer labs with classes ranging from Broadcast and Video Production to Web Page Design. The back wing hosts an art room equipped with a dark room, as well as the nursing room, and the kitchen which enables the school to offer food classes. The school has 4 courtyards (two of them only being accessible from inside the school) equipped with benches and picnic tables. Over the years, Alexander has outgrown its capacity. Rather than adding expansion, the school system has accumulated 15 trailers in the back of the campus hosting a mixture of academic classes.
Extracurricular activities.
Groups and activities available to Alexander High school students include art club, Beta Club, chess club, drama club, ecology club, FBLA, FCCLA, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, First Priority, French club, GA Career Student Association, GPSA, HOSA, Key Club, Literary Meet, marching band, math team, mock trial, National Honor Society, PAWS, Scholar Bowl, Science Olympiad, scrapbook club, Skills USA, Spanish club, step team, Student Government Association, Tri-M and yearbook. Also added in Fall 2009 is the Alexander chapter of the FFA.
Athletics.
Alexander High School teams are known as the Alexander Cougars and compete in the Georgia High School Association AAAA classification. The school fields teams in baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, fast-pitch softball, football, golf, soccer, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball and wrestling.
The boys' cross country team won the 2000 AAAA state championship and 2009-2010 Wrestling Team won the AAAA traditional State Championship.
The boys' baseball team won the 2012 AAAA Region Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19458860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458860" title="Joe Martina">
Joe Martina

Joseph John Martina (July 8, 1889 in New Orleans, Louisiana – March 22, 1962 in New Orleans, Louisiana), was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher in . 
He would play for the Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="19458903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458903" title="By Speece">
By Speece

Byron Franklin Speece (January 6, 1897 in West Baden, Indiana – September 29, 1974 in Elgin, Oregon), was a Major League Baseball player.
Career.
He played pitcher from -. 
He would play for the Washington Senators, Cleveland Indians, and Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="19458905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458905" title="Corporación Andina de Fomento">
Corporación Andina de Fomento

CAF – Latin American development bank – has the mission of stimulating sustainable development and regional integration by financing projects in the public and private sectors, and providing technical cooperation and other specialized services. Founded in 1970 and currently with 18 member countries from Latin America, the Caribbean, and Europe along with 14 private banks, CAF is one of the main sources of multilateral financing and an important generator of knowledge for the region.
CAF is headquartered in Caracas, Venezuela. Additionally, it has Representative Offices in Lima, Brasilia, Bogota, Buenos Aires, Quito, Panama, Montevideo, and La Paz.
History.
The creation of CAF began to take place in 1966 following the historic signing of the Declaration of Bogotá in the presence of its framers, President Carlos Lleras Restrepo of Colombia, President Eduardo Frei Montalva of Chile, President Raúl Leoni of Venezuela, and the personal representatives of the presidents of Ecuador and Peru. The government of Bolivia would join later in 1967. In 1967, a Joint Commission, set up to address regional issues, mapped out the basic principles of CAF, and on February 7, 1968 the member countries governments signed its Establishing Agreement in San Carlos Palace, Bogotá. The Corporation was conceived as a multipurpose bank and agency for promoting Andean development and integration. Two years later on June 8, 1970, after opening its headquarters in Caracas, Venezuela, CAF formally began operations.
The Cartagena Agreement was signed in May 1969 one year after CAF Establishing Agreement which created the political framework for the Andean subregional group. CAF began operations with a subscribed capital of $25 million.
In 1971, Bolivia and Ecuador became the first countries to receive loans for the execution of projects: a rice storage network ($1.3 million) and a fisheries complex for catching and freezing tropical tuna ($0.5 million).
In April 2012, the "Financial Times" reported that for infrastructure projects, CAF now provides more funding to Latin America than the World Bank and the Inter-American Development Bank combined. This is partly related to the CAF's less restrictive regulations, especially in regards to the environmental impact of projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19458909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458909" title="Outer Planet Flagship Mission">
Outer Planet Flagship Mission

The Outer Planet Flagship Mission is a joint mission between NASA and ESA to send a probe to study the icy satellites of the outer Solar System. There are two primary candidate missions under study: Europa Jupiter System Mission (EJSM) and Titan Saturn System Mission (TSSM). 
On February 18, 2009 NASA announced that both missions can proceed forward, but the EJSM is to be the first, departing Earth in 2020 and arriving at Jupiter in 2026. The Titan mission is to be launched later.

</doc>
<doc id="19458923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458923" title="Amor y Lágrimas">
Amor y Lágrimas

Amor y Lágrimas (Eng.: "Love and Tears") is the title of a studio album released by mexican-american performer Adán "Chalino" Sánchez. This album became his first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums and the first released after his death in 2004.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard

</doc>
<doc id="19458931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458931" title="Subglacial mound">
Subglacial mound

A subglacial mound (SUGM) is a type of subglacial volcano. This type of volcano forms when lava erupts beneath a thick glacier or ice sheet. The magma forming these volcanoes was not hot enough to melt a vertical pipe right through the overlying glacial ice, instead forming hyaloclastite and pillow lava deep beneath the glacial ice field. Once the glaciers had retreated, the subglacial volcano would be revealed, with a unique shape as a result of their confinement within glacial ice. They are somewhat rare worldwide, being confined to regions which were formerly covered by continental ice sheets and also had active volcanism during the same period. They are found throughout Iceland, Antarctica and the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Subglacial mounds can be mistaken for cinder cones because they may have a similar shape. An example of this confusion is Pyramid Mountain in the Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field of east-central British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19458933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458933" title="Steve Taylor (politician)">
Steve Taylor (politician)

Steve Taylor (circa 1955 - ) was a minor league baseball player and a Delaware politician.
A native of Delaware, Taylor played baseball for the University of Delaware. He then played for the Columbus Clippers until he had an arm injury that removed him from baseball. 
He then moved back to Delaware. He was then involved in banking. He was elected to the Delaware House of Representatives in 1984. He was also a longtime supporter of bringing a minor league baseball team to Delaware and worked tirelessly to accomplish this goal.
Taylor was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Taylor was inducted into the Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19458963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458963" title="Alkmaar railway station">
Alkmaar railway station

Alkmaar is a railway station which lies in Alkmaar, in the Netherlands. It is located approximately 40 km northwest of Amsterdam. It is on the Den Helder–Amsterdam railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen and is an Intercity station, where all trains stop.
History.
Alkmaar Station opened on 20 December 1865. The glass over the station entrance was installed in the 1960s. The railway line from Amsterdam to Alkmaar was electrified in 1931. The line to Den Helder was electrified in 1958. Behind the platforms are 7 sidings, where trains are stabled between peak hours and at night.
Train services.
The following train services call at Alkmaar:

</doc>
<doc id="19458964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458964" title="Nightwalker statute">
Nightwalker statute

Nightwalker statutes were English statutes, in the era before modern policing, allowing or requiring night watchmen to arrest those found on the city streets and hold them until morning. As an example, the Statute of Winchester, adopted in 1285 and readopted or amended several times until its repeal in 1827, stated that "if any stranger do pass by them, he shall be arrested until morning." Such power was interpreted to extend not only to the watchmen themselves, but also to assistants, and allowed the arrest and detention of all persons.

</doc>
<doc id="19458980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19458980" title="University Research Corridor">
University Research Corridor

The University Research Corridor (URC) is a research consortium founded by the three leading universities in the state of Michigan. In November 2006, Michigan State University, Wayne State University, and the University of Michigan enhanced their existing partnerships by establishing the URC. The alliance was formed to leverage their collective capabilities and drive the transformation of the state's economy. In aggregate, these universities bring in nearly $1.4 billion of federal research dollars each year.
MSU President Dr. Lou Anna Simon on the importance of the URC, "Michigan's three internationally recognized research institutions are essential to creating the intellectual capital and the technology breakthroughs that will make our state competitive. The URC generates innovations, new technologies, and new businesses that not only provide jobs, but also improve life for all citizens of Michigan."
Each of the three schools is classified as a Research Intensive University (Very High research activity), or RU/VH, by the Carnegie Foundation.
These institutions initially united in the 1999 state-directed establishment of the Michigan Life Sciences Corridor. Since the launch of the program, over 120 new companies in the Michigan life sciences industry have been created.
Location.
The URC institutions are all based in the southeast/south-central area of the Michigan's lower peninsula. Wayne State University is located in the heart of the state's largest city — Detroit — in the Midtown Cultural Center. With a student population of over 33K, the university is anchoring the rebirth of the surrounding area. Michigan State University is located four miles east of the Michigan State Capitol, in East Lansing. The third university in the URC — the University of Michigan — is located 40 miles west of Detroit in Ann Arbor.
Transportation.
Travel Time via DTW
Peer comparison.
Compared to other significant research clusters across the nation, the URC has similar outputs in terms of federal research dollars, invention disclosures, and patents. Other peer university clusters include those in Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and California. Each of these groups includes three in-state research institutions which are well known for their R&D endeavors. In terms of human capital, the URC universities currently employ 49 thousand people and educate 135 thousand students. The student population of the URC campuses is the largest of any comparable research cluster. The collective living URC alumni in the state of Michigan total more than 550 thousand people.
Ongoing emphasis.
Community Engagement
Economic Stimulus

</doc>
<doc id="19459015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459015" title="Slovakia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Slovakia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Slovakia returned to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 after an 11-year absence in the Eurovision Song Contest.
After withdrawing from the Eurovision Song Contest after three poor results from 1994 to 1998, Slovenská Televízia (STV) was reluctant to return to the contest due to budget problems in the broadcaster, however, after 11 years, Slovakia returned to the contest in Moscow. The program director of STV stated that pressure from local artists was the driving force behind the country's return.
The fourth Slovak entry at Eurovision was chosen through a national final, held between 15 February and 8 March. the final winner was Kamil Mikulčík and Nela Pocisková with "Leť tmou".
Eurosong.
A national final was held to select the fourth Slovak Eurovision entry, where the Slovak public will chose the winner through televoting. An open call of songs was launched, with the final deadline for entries to STV expiring at 20 January. All entries submitted to STV will compete in a number of semi-finals held before a grand final, set to be held on 8 March. The original plan was for three semi-finals to be held for "Eurosong", set for 15 February, 22 February and 1 March 2009. Thirty songs were to compete in the semi-finals, with four songs qualifying to the final: three of the songs from televoting results while the fourth qualifier decided by a nine-person jury. 
After 117 songs had been entered for "Eurosong", STV decided to increase the number of semi-finals to five, each containing 10 songs, a total of 50 competing acts over the five semi-finals. The dates for the semi-finals were Sunday 15 February, Friday 20 February, Sunday 22 February, Friday 27 February and Sunday 1 March. From each semi-final, three songs qualified for the final, two by televoting and one by a jury, with 15 final songs competing in the final. The list of competing songs was released on 3 February.
Semi-final 1.
The first semi-final of Eurosong was held on 15 February. Three songs qualified to the final from the nine acts that competed, two selected by televoting and one selected by a jury. Desmod & Lucia Nováková was supposed to perform during the show, however they did not due to an accident during rehearsals.
Andrea Zimányiová and Robo Šimko & MassRiot were the two acts that qualified by televoting, while VIP was selected by the jury to qualify, after coming ninth and last in the televote.
Semi-final 2.
The second semi-final of Eurosong was held on 20 February. Three songs qualified to the final from the ten songs that competed, with two selected by televoting and one selected by a jury.
Tomáš Bezdeda and Mária Čírová qualified to the final, gaining the highest amount of televotes, while Mukatado qualified as the jury wildcard, coming seventh in the televote. Samo Tomeček & Free Inna Cage were later chosen as an additional jury wildcard entry to the final after all the semi-finals had been held.
Semi-final 3.
The third semi-final of Eurosong was originally scheduled to be held on 22 February, but was later rescheduled due to tragic accident on Saturday in Bratislava. As such, Sunday was declared a day of mourning in Slovakia and all entertainment shows were postponed or cancelled. Due to this, the show was held on 23 February instead. 
From this semi-final, Robo Opatovský and Peter Bazík & Andrea Sulovská gained the most televotes, while Komajota was selected by the jury to qualify, having initially come sixth in the televote.
Semi-final 4.
The fourth semi-final of Eurosong was held on 27 February. Ten songs competed, with three qualifying to the final, two selected by televoting and one selected by a jury.
The winners of the televote were Martina Schindlerová and Janais, while Zachariáš Hubáček was selected as the jury wildcard, who was initially eliminated after coming seventh in the televote.
Semi-final 5.
The fifth and final semi-final of Eurosong was held on 1 March. Eleven songs competed in this semi-final, including Desmod & Lucia Nováková, who were forced to retire from the first semi-final. Three songs again qualified to the final, with two selected by televoting and one selected by a jury.
Kamil Mikulčík & Nela Pocisková and Desmod & Lucia Nováková were the winners of the televote, while Michal Chrenko was selected as the jury wildcard, coming seventh in the televote.
Final.
The final of Eurosong was held on 8 March. Sixteen songs in total will compete, which include the initial semi-final qualifiers. The winner was decided by a jury selecting the final winner from the top three songs of a public televote.
A number of changes occurred to the final line-up. Initially Desmod & Lucia Nováková had qualified to the final, coming second in the fifth semi-final with "Posledná minúta". They later withdrew from the contest, and were replaced by Smola a hrušky with "Na čom záleží", who came sixth in the same semi-final. After all semi-final were held, the jury decided to select another jury wildcard to compete in the final. This was Samo Tomeček & Free Inna Cage, who came fourth in the first semi-final televote, with "To čo chceš".
During the final, the Azerbaijani entry, AySel and Arash, performed their Eurovision entry, "Always". The Czech Republic entry for Eurovision, Gipsy.cz, also performed during the show, performing their Eurovision entry "Aven Romale".
The top three songs selected by televote was Kamil Mikulčík and Nela Pocisková with "Leť tmou", Tomáš Bezdeda with "Každý z nás" and Mukatado with "Ja sa mám". The winner of the jury vote was Kamil Mikulčík and Nela Pocisková with "Leť tmou", who also won the televote.
At Eurovision.
Since Slovakia was returning to the contest after an 11-year absence it had to compete in one of the two semi-finals. At the semi-final allocation draw on 30 January, it was decided that the country would compete in the second semi-final on 14 May 2009.
Kamil and Nela performed for Slovakia 8th in the running order of the semi-final, following Cyprus and preceding Denmark, however they failed to qualify Slovakia to the final on 16 May, finishing second last with just eight points.
After Eurovision.
STV confirmed on 28 March that plans for the 2010 Contest will begin once the 2009 Contest finishes.

</doc>
<doc id="19459028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459028" title="Ayrlies Garden">
Ayrlies Garden

Ayrlies Garden is a country garden near Whitford, southeast of Auckland on the North Island of New Zealand. It is one of New Zealand's best-known gardens, and has been described as the "quintessential New Zealand garden".
The garden now covers some of rolling terrain, with large lawns, ponds and waterways, and heavily planted informal borders which make strong use of colour, including a "lurid border" of 'hot' colours. Some areas feature roses, clematis and perennials; others contain lush, sub-tropical plants, such as Petrea, Alocasia, bromeliads, vireya rhododendrons and Ficus dammaropsis. It also includes many large trees - mostly liquid amber, swamp cypress and pin oak - which have grown rapidly in the warm and wet climate, with rare frosts and over of rain a year. It contains several structures around the main house, including a small 'sitooterie' - a low gazebo, to sit out in and admire the view. The large site is unified by a consistent planting and use of materials. 
The garden was created by Beverly McConnell and her late husband Malcolm, co-founder of New Zealand engineering and construction company McConnell Dowell. It is named after Malcolm McConnell's grandfather's farm in Scotland. The garden began in 1964, when the McConnells moved to the site with their young family, starting with a coastal site which was previously bare paddock with a heavy clay soil, and expanding to in 1978, including the addition of three large ponds. From 2000, of swamp flats below the homestead were transformed into a wetland area with an lake, linking the garden to the Hauraki Gulf nearby.
The garden is open to the public, by appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="19459058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459058" title="Greenstone TV">
Greenstone TV

Greenstone TV is a television and film production company based in Auckland, New Zealand.
Greenstone TV was founded in 1994 by John Harris, a former journalist, producer and director with Communicado and TVNZ.
After a decade as a newspaper journalist, John joined TVNZ in 1974, where he worked for 12 years as reporter, presenter, chief reporter, director, producer and trainer. At Communicado the shows he produced included "That’s Fairly Interesting" and "Heroes".
Greenstone TV is regularly commissioned to make programmes for all New Zealand channels - TVONE and TV2, TV3 (New Zealand), Prime Television New Zealand, and Maori Television – and is also making shows for Australian channels.
In November 2010, Greenstone TV announced its purchase of its local competitor, production company Cream Media. Cream Media's Executive Producer, Nigel Snowden, former Greenstone employee will return to Greenstone TV as Head of Development.
In June 2011, CBC's QTV YouTube channel was suspended because of "multiple third-party notifications of copyright infringement from claimants" by Greenstone TV. The claims weren't specified, nor were the obscure New Zealand production company's connection to the Canadian radio show.

</doc>
<doc id="19459069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459069" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1540">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1540

United Nations Security Council resolution 1540 was adopted unanimously on 28 April 2004 regarding the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. The resolution establishes the obligations under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter for all Member States to develop and enforce appropriate legal and regulatory measures against the proliferation of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear weapons and their means of delivery, in particular, to prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction to non-state actors.
It is notable in that it recognizes non-state proliferation as a threat to the peace under the terms of Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, and creates an obligation for states to modify their internal legislation.
Furthermore, the resolution requires every state to criminalize various forms of non-state actor involvement in weapons of mass destruction and its related activities in its domestic legislation and, once in place, to enforce such legislation.
By virtue of its universal scope and mandatory nature, resolution 1540 marks a departure from previous nonproliferation arrangements and adds a novel layer to the nonproliferation regime. Before the resolution was adopted, the non-proliferation regime was based on many partly overlapping arrangements, none of which established universal mandatory obligations.
Content.
Resolution 1540 was adopted under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, which was covers "threats to the peace, breaches of the peace, and acts of aggression." The resolution itself states in its opening paragraph: “proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons, as well as their means of delivery, constitutes a threat to international peace and security”. Even though the Security Council had already recognized the proliferation of WMD as a threat to international peace and security in the UNSC Presidential Statement on January 31, 1992, it took the Council until 2004 to adopt such a decisive resolution.
1540 is only the second resolution to invoke Chapter VII without relating the fact to a specific time and place, the first being United Nations Security Council Resolution 1373, which was voted in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks as an attempt to counter international terrorism. The possibility of terrorists accessing WMD was already considered in Resolution 1373 paragraph 3a and 4, and UNSCR 1540 emerged from those two paragraphs.
The three main obligations created by the resolution are:
The resolution also emphasises the continuing importance of non-proliferation and disarmament agreements, and provides for the creation of a committee (the 1540 Committee) to oversee the implementation of the resolution. States are called upon to provide reports to the 1540 Committee on their current situation and future plans vis-à-vis the obligations laid out in the resolution within six months of the adoption of the resolution, though in reality many states took much longer.
The 1540 Committee was deliberately created without the power to impose sanctions. While the resolution is, in theory, obligatory for all members of the UN, it was decided that the implementation process should be based on collaboration and participation rather than enforcement. To further these ends, one of the main functions of the Committee has been as a "clearing house" of offers and requests for assistance in fulfilling obligations created by the resolution.
1540 committee.
An ad-hoc committee (known as 1540 committee) for an initial mandate of 2 years under the Security Council charging the examination on the implementation of this resolution was established under paragraph 4 of the resolution. The committee released its first report to the Security Council on implementation of the resolution in April 2006. With the adoptions of Resolution 1673 (2006) and later Resolution 1810 (2008), its mandate was extended for a further two years and then another period of three years. Its mandate was extended for a further ten years by Resolution 1977 (2011), adopted in April 2011. The committee presented a second report in July 2008. As requested in Resolution 1810 (2008), the committee held an open meeting in 2009 with broad participation in order to prepare a comprehensive review of the status of the implementation of Resolution 1540. Its current chair (for 2011) is South Africa.
National implementation.
The resolution calls upon all States to present to the 1540 Committee a first report, not later than six month from the adoption of the resolution 1540 (28 October 2004), on steps they have taken or intend to take to implement the provisions of operative paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of the resolution. All Member States are also called upon to include in their national reports, as appropriate, information relating to the implementation of operative paragraphs 6,7,8, 9 and 10 of the resolution. They are also encouraged to prepare on a voluntary basis summary action plans mapping out their priorities and plans for implementing the key provisions of resolution 1540 (2004), and to submit those plans to the 1540 Committee. However, only 161 states have submitted their reports to date. The resolution 1810 (2008) calls upon all States that have not yet presented a first report to as required in the resolution 1540 to submit it to the 1540 Committee without delay. As of May 2010 there were still 29 states (Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo (Republic of), Côte d’Ivoire, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Guinea, Guinea Bissau, Haiti, Lesotho, Liberia, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Rwanda, Sao Tome and Principe, Solomon Islands, Somalia, Swaziland, Timor-Leste, Togo, Zambia, Zimbabwe ) yet to submit their reports on the implementation of the resolution 1540.
Negotiations and vote.
Resolution 1540 was adopted by the UN Security Council in response to the unmasking of the Abdul Qadeer Khan proliferation network but also with the aim of preventing the acquisition of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear weapons by terrorist groups.
Resolution 1540 is a notable development both in that it explicitly recognises non-state proliferation of weapons of mass destruction as a threat to peace and security in and of itself and in that it obliges member states to make internal legislative changes. Previous non-proliferation agreements all took the form of multilateral accords such as the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty or cooperation mechanisms such as the Proliferation Security Initiative, based on the consent of the parties. Resolution 1540, on the other hand, is obligatory for all UN members, whether or not they support its aims.
The resolution was sponsored by the United States, with the Philippines, Spain and France (which joined at the last minute) as co-sponsors. Negotiations leading up to the vote of resolution 1540 were officially open only to UN Security Council members, but information on the early drafts circulated with relative freedom and input from other states and NGOs was solicited due to the political sensitivity of the issues involved. Special attention was paid to the principal non-aligned states in order to put pressure on Pakistan, at the time a member of the Security Council, to fall in line with the majority opinion. The G8 was also included in the process, this being a means of including Japan in the negotiations. The drafting process was notable for the level of participation by NGOs that it involved. A grassroots mobilisation was organised by, among others, the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom, Abolition 2000 and the Lawyers’ Committee on Nuclear Policy, demanding that the draft resolution be debated in an open session of the Security Council.
The resolution was voted unanimously by the permanent members of the Security Council, plus the 10 non-permanent members at the time: Algeria, Benin, Angola, the Philippines, Pakistan, Brazil, Chile, Germany, Spain and Romania. The entire process, from the beginning of negotiations among the co-sponsors to the final vote took around 8 months.
Despite the unanimity of the vote it is worth noting that several Security Council members expressed reserves in their accompanying statements. Representing Pakistan, Munir Akram insisted that, “Pakistan shared the view expressed in the Council’s open debate that the Council could not legislate for the world, he said. The Council could not assume the stewardship of global non-proliferation and disarmament issues. Composed of 15 States, it was not a representative body. It could not enforce the obligations assumed by five of its members which retained nuclear weapons since they also possessed the right of veto.” He added that “Pakistan had been obliged to develop nuclear weapons and related delivery systems to maintain credible minimum deterrence against external aggression, especially once similar capabilities had been developed and demonstrated by its eastern neighbour. The nuclear non-proliferation regime needed to accommodate the reality of the existence of nuclear weapons in South Asia. Given that reality, Pakistan would not accept any demand for access, much less inspections, of its nuclear and strategic assets, materials and facilities, he said. It would not share technical, military or political information that would negatively affect its national security programmes or its national interests. Pakistan would continue to develop its nuclear, missiles and related strategic capability to maintain the minimum credible deterrence vis-à-vis its eastern neighbour, which was embarked on major programmes for nuclear weapons, missiles, anti-missiles and conventional arms acquisition and development.”
India also stated its concern over the apparent interference in internal legislation by the Security Council: "We are concerned that the exercise of legislative functions by the Council, combined with recourse to Chapter VII mandates, could disrupt the balance of power between the General Assembly and the Security Council, as enshrined in the Charter."
Speaking for Brasil, Ronaldo Mota Sardenberg brought up the question of disarmament, which had been a concern of many non-aligned movement countries throughout the negotiation process and before, given the inegalitarian regime created by instruments such as the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Equally, the early drafts of the resolution contained explicit references to the Proliferation Security Initiative which were removed at the request of China, which remains opposed to the scheme, alleging that it violates the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea.
Relationship to other non-proliferation instruments.
Resolution 1540 requires states to "promote the universal adoption and full implementation, and, where necessary, strengthening of multilateral treaties to which they are parties, whose aim is to prevent the proliferation of nuclear, biological or chemical weapons” (Article 8a) and to "fulfil their commitment to multilateral cooperation, in particular within the framework of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, and the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention" (Article 8c).
Although the resolution encourages and promotes universal WMD treaty implementation, states not yet a party retain their prerogative not to sign these treaties. The focus of Resolution 1540 is not the treaties per se but the resulting national legislation and regulations that allow to take action against non-state actors. States will have gone a long way toward complying with the resolution if they have already ratified the three main WMD treaties, but the reverse is also true. If States put the required national legislation in place to comply with UNSCR 1540, then becoming state party of and complying with the CWC and the BTWC will not demand much additional effort. In this way the resolution also contributes to treaty universality.
Resolution 1540 tries to fill gaps in the varying approaches of existing instruments.
First of all, the resolution is universal unlike the three main WMD treaties.
Whereas the three main WMD treaties, the Non-Proliferation Treaty, the Chemical Weapons Convention and the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention are first and foremost applicable to states, the resolution focuses on non-state actors. Because individuals are not subject to international law, states are required to ensure a national legal framework of laws, regulations and controls.
Third, unlike the IAEA to the NPT and the OPCW to the CWC, there exists no such organization to the BTWC.
Similarly, for the means of delivery, there only exists a regime so these delivery systems are not the subject of legally binding non-proliferation treaties. Resolution 1540 explicitly integrates proliferation concerns about these means.
The resolution goes beyond the three main non-proliferation treaties and specifies in article 2 and 3 the additional measures required concerning financial, security, and physical protection of sensitive materials and also border and export controls.
Lastly, the Resolution, adopted under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, requires enforcement. This emphasizes the role states are expected to play to pre-empt proliferation (article 10), because it hints at the possibility of sanctions in case of non-compliance. It also tries to address the enforcement weakness in the treaties and export control regimes.
Nuclear weapons.
Resolution 1540 has a complementary relationship to the NPT and the IAEA. The IAEA has activities and programs that are relevant to the implementation of the resolution 1540 such as legislative assistance, training of state officials, support to states in the development and implementation of physical protection of nuclear material and facilities and support to states to upgrade border controls in order to better detect illicit trafficking of nuclear material and related technology. The 1540 Committee can inform states about requesting legislative and technical assistance and advisory services from the IAEA. The IAEA does not only cover nuclear material but also radioactive material, the latter is of special interest to non-state actors, because it would be easier to obtain. Another useful tool provided by the IAEA is their illicit trafficking database.
Chemical weapons.
The CWC and its mandated organization the OPCW face new challenges in a changing international WMD context which Resolution 1540 aims to remedy. An important obligation of the CWC is the adoption of appropriate national implementing legislation, but even after the adoption of an action plan by the OPCW to encourage state parties to rectify this situation, many states parties fail to meet this obligation. Comprehensive national implementing legislation is not only necessary to fully meet the obligations to the CWC, but it is vital in preventing non-state actors from gaining access to chemical weapons and UNSCR 1540 has rendered it a mandatory requirement. Although the CWC has an effective verification regime by international inspectors of the OPCW, this may not always be the case when faced with non-state actors if there exists no national legislation that grants easy access to private residences. The resolution also addresses the question of “related materials”. Its definition includes chemicals and equipment covered by multilateral arrangements and national control lists such as the Australia Group, the Proliferation Security Initiative and the EU’s strategy against the proliferation of WMD, and is thus much broader than the three schedules of chemicals in the Annex of the CWC. In addition non-state actors can already cause serious damage with amounts that are far below those that are considered militarily significant and states should consider this in their actions to counteract the preparation or use of chemical weapons by those actors.
Biological weapons.
As said before, the BTWC has no organization to oversee its implementation and lacks an effective monitoring, compliance and verification regime. There exists a modest consultative compliance mechanism, but negotiations to establish an international organization for the prohibition of biological weapons to oversee implementation and conduct monitoring and verification have broken down in 2001. The lack of transparency make it difficult to assess the status and effectiveness of states parties’ measures to implement and comply with the BTWC. UNSCR 1540 has established a monitoring system based on states’ declarations on implementation through the reports provided to the 1540 Committee. The resolution does not provide a compliance regime, but rather favors cooperative efforts since non-compliance can be caused by lack of awareness or capacity. But if states persist in their non-compliance despite assistance, then the Committee will report this to the UNSC. Resolution 1540 also fulfills a function compliance role since it requires BTWC states parties to review their compliance with its obligations while they can use the more detailed criteria for national implementation in the resolution.
Means of delivery.
UNSCR 1540 promotes a greater understanding of non-proliferation instruments related to means of delivery such as the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR). Up to the adoption of the resolution export control measures related to means of delivery had not been discussed widely in the international community. The MTCR is an informal and voluntary association that aims to control the proliferation of rockets and unmanned air vehicle systems. Resolution 1540 requires as one of the measures that states states maintain effective export controls and although every country can implement the arrangements according to its national legislation, this legislation is now mandatory. Since the principal focus of the resolution are non-state actors, means of delivery are expected to be less sophisticated means. The risk of non-state actors obtaining sophisticated ballistic or cruise missile technologies continues to exist and the Resolution will have to take into account the dual-use technologies in its implementation so as not to effect legitimate peaceful commercial uses and industrial research.
Application.
South America.
Latin America was the first region to be covered by a treaty banning the development of nuclear weapons (the Treaty of Tlatelolco), despite the longstanding opposition of two of the principal powers of the region, Brazil and Argentina, to the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty, due to its perceived discriminatory nature.
While Colombia is the only state in the region to have fully accepted the United States vision of the war on terror, most states in the region already have anti-terrorism measures in place, usually in conjunction with policies designed to fight organised crime, which is the main local threat (for example, the 3+1 Group, the Inter-American Convention Against Terrorism, the Declaration of San Carlos).
All of the states in the region have already presented their compliance reports to the 1540 Committee. Many of them have, however, fulfilled only a minor part of their obligations under the resolution; Chile, Panama, Peru and Venezuela being among those with the worst records. Colombia has also requested detection equipment and assistance in training its law enforcement personnel in the detection and prosecution of proliferation offenses, while Argentina and Brazil have provided offers of assistance.
Asia and Oceania.
While ASEAN has been largely supportive of the resolution, it has also been criticised firstly as a US-inspired attempt to interfere in matters belonging to the domain of national sovereignty, as a “one size fits all” approach to the question and for being far too demanding in terms of resources for small countries to implement correctly.
Among the states of the region, Taiwan (which is not a UN member), the Cook Islands and Niue (which are treated as permanent observers rather than members of the UN due to their links with New Zealand), North Korea, Burma, East Timor and the Solomon Islands have yet to present reports to the 1540 Committee. Many of the states in Oceania have had difficulties fulfilling their obligations under the resolution due to their small size and lack of resources. For example, Kiribati has asked for assistance in adapting its legislative framework and Vanuatu has asked for additional police training
Armenia, Cambodia, Iraq, Lebanon, the Marshall Islands, Mongolia, the Philippines, Qatar, Syria, Thailand and Uzbekistan all currently have requests for assistance pending, while Australia, China, India, Israel, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Pakistan, South Korea, and Singapore have all presented offers of assistance to the Committee.
Many states in the region are also involved in other local non-proliferation and counter-terrorism initiatives, such as the Bali Counter-Terrorism Process and the BTWC Regional Workshops.
Asia] has been the source of most recent proliferation activities, notably in India and Pakistan, Israel, Iran and North Korea, and those involving the A. Q. Khan network.
Africa.
While most African states lack the technology to be serious proliferation threats, the numerous zones of lawlessness on the continent make it a useful hub for various clandestine activities, notably drug and people trafficking. However, certain countries, notably Libya and Egypt (nuclear) and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (chemical/biological) have been or are suspected of being involved in proliferation.
Africa also has the highest proportion of states not yet having presented their compliance reports to the 1540 committee: Botswana, Burundi, Cape Verde, the Central African Republic, Chad, the Comoros, the Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Lesotho, Liberia, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Rwanda, São Tomé and Príncipe, Somalia, Swaziland, Tanzania, Togo, Zambia and Zimbabwe.
This has largely been attributed to a lack of resources, and the existence of more pressing problems such as AIDS, small arms proliferation and conflict, but certain members of the non-aligned movement have also raised concerns over the possible impact of the resolution on national sovereignty.
Angola, Benin, Côte d'Ivoire, Madagascar and Morocco have all presented requests for assistance in fulfilling their 1540 obligations to the Committee, with South Africa providing an offer of help.
Europe.
Since 2003 the European Union has integrated a non-proliferation clause into its common foreign and security policy, requiring that its trading partners take steps to “sign, ratify or accede to, as appropriate, and fully implement all (…) relevant international instruments” relating to nuclear, chemical and biological weapons”. This clause has, however, been a stumbling block in negotiations with India and Syria.
The only European countries yet to present their reports to the 1540 committee are Macedonia, Moldova and the Vatican City (which remains merely an observer state at the UN), although many ex-Soviet states lack the effective border controls needed to prevent proliferation while still possessing nuclear, chemical or biological materials. Albania, Lithuania, Montenegro and Serbia have requested assistance in fulfilling their obligations under the resolution, whereas a majority of European states have provided offers of help: Austria, Belarus, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, the Russian Federation, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
North America.
The United States has been one of the strongest supporters of resolution 1540 and of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1887, which strengthened its provisions.
All North American states except Haiti and St Lucia have presented their reports on 1540 compliance to the UN. The Bahamas, Belize, CARICOM and Guatemala have requested assistance in implementing the resolution while Canada, Cuba and the United States have offered help.
Controversy.
Many states in the non-aligned movement have criticised resolution 1540 for being cumbersome and ill-adapted to their situations, an attempt by the US to co-opt others into its war on terror, interference by the UN in states’ national sovereignty and a drain on resources that could better be used on problems that are of more direct local relevance.
Supporters of the resolution have underlined the function of the 1540 committee as a clearing house for offers of and requests for assistance in implementing the resolution, and pointed out that improved border controls and legislative framework will be of a more general benefit to all countries that implement them.

</doc>
<doc id="19459074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459074" title="Alexander Theodore Gordon">
Alexander Theodore Gordon

Alexander Theodore Gordon (11 May 1881 – 6 March 1919) was a British Conservative politician. He was elected Member of Parliament for Aberdeen and Kincardine Central in the 1918 General Election, but died two months later. 
He had served in the Boer War, and during the First World War was head of the Forage Department of the War Office in Scotland, with the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel. He was also an expert breeder of Shorthorn Cattle.
At the 1918 General Election, Gordon won the new constituency of Aberdeen and Kincardine Central by a majority of 638 votes over the Liberal candidate. 
He never spoke or voted in Parliament, but shortly before his death he was appointed a member of the House of Commons Scottish Standing Committee.
Gordon died, at Newton Insch, Aberdeenshire aged 37, from heart failure after suffering from influenza, just over two months after his election. He thus became one of the shortest-serving MPs in history. It is likely that Gordon was a victim of the 1918 flu pandemic. At the subsequent by-election Murdoch McKenzie Wood gained the seat for the Liberals.
See also.
List of United Kingdom MPs with the shortest service

</doc>
<doc id="19459107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459107" title="Lara (name)">
Lara (name)

Lara can be a given name or a surname in several languages. 

</doc>
<doc id="19459109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459109" title="Léon Georget">
Léon Georget

Léon Georget (2 October 1879 – 5 November 1949) was a racing cyclist from Preuilly-sur-Claise, Indre-et-Loire, France. He was known as "The Father of the Bol d'Or", having won the race nine times between 1903 and 1919 in Paris. He was also nicknamed "Big Red" or "The Brute".
Léon's younger brother Émile was also a very successful cyclist, winning the Bordeaux–Paris and nine stages of the Tour de France. His son Pierre Georget won silver (1000 metres) and bronze medals (tandem) at the 1936 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19459122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459122" title="Temple Shalom (Wheeling, West Virginia)">
Temple Shalom (Wheeling, West Virginia)

Temple Shalom is a Reform Jewish synagogue in Wheeling, West Virginia.
History.
Reform Temple Shalom of Wheeling WV is the result of the merger of several smaller congregations with Congregation L'Shem Shomayim (Hebrew, meaning "For the sake of Heaven") which was founded in 1849 by Jews who had immigrated from German-speaking Central European nations. It is the oldest Jewish congregation in West Virginia.
Abba Hillel Silver served as its rabbi for two years (1915–1917), immediately after his graduation and ordination at the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati.
In April 1892 it dedicated an elaborate Moorish Revival synagogue on Eoff Street. The building, known as the Eoff Street Temple featured a dome, keyhole door and elaborate keyhole windows. A photograph can be seen at (wheeling.weirton.lib.wv.us/history/photos/artwork/temple1.htm ) The Eoff Street Temple structure no longer stands.

</doc>
<doc id="19459133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459133" title="Seán Fennelly">
Seán Fennelly

Seán Fennelly (born 1959 in Piltown, County Kilkenny) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Ballyhale Shamrocks and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 1986 until 1989.
Biography.
Seán Fennelly was born in Piltown, County Kilkenny in 1959. The second youngest son of seven born to Kevin Fennelly and the former Teresa Hoyne, he was born into a family that had a huge interest in the game of hurling. At the age of two the entire family moved to Ballyhale where they purchased a farm. Here Fennelly was educated at the local national school where his hurling skills were first noted and honed by the local teachers, Peadar O’Neill and Joe Dunphy. His skills were also honed on the family farm where he, along with his six brothers – Michael, Ger, Kevin, Brendan, Liam and Dermot – trained.
Playing career.
Club.
The Fennelly’s have a long association with their local Ballyhale Sharmocks club. It was a club which Kevin Fennelly Snr. was instrumental in helping to found in 1972. By 1978 the new club had reached the top of the local hurling world and Fennelly played a key role as Ballyhale captured their first senior county title. This victory allowed the Shamrocks club to represent Kilkenny in the provincial club championship. The final of that competition saw Fennelly’s side take on Dublin champions Crumlin. A 1-13 to 1-6 victory gave Fennelly his first Leinster club title. The subsequent All-Ireland club final saw Ballyhale Shamrocks take on Cork’s famous Blackrock club. A ten-goal thriller saw Blackrock take the title by 5-7 to 5-5.
Fennelly added two further county medals to his collection to make it three in-a-row in 1979 and 1980. This latter victory was later converted into a Leinster club title following a 3-10 to 1-8 victory over Coolderry of Offaly. Once again Ballyhale Shamrocks reached the All-Ireland final where the star-studded St. Finbarr’s club from Cork provided the opposition. On that occasion all seven Fennelly brothers lined out in an exciting contest. The sides were level on five occasions during the opening thirty minutes; however, the Shamrocks had the edge. At the full-time whistle Ballyhale were the winners by -15 to 1-11 and Fennelly collected his first All-Ireland club medal along with his six brothers. 
Another brace of county championship victories followed for Fennelly in 1982 and 1983. Once again this latter victory was later converted into a Leinster club title following a six-point victory over Kinnitty of Offaly. Ballyhale later qualified for the All-Ireland final where Galway champions Gort were the opponents. That game ended in 1-10 apiece draw thanks to a last-minute equalizing point by Dermot Fennelly. The replay took place some time later with Ger Fennelly playing a starring role. His first-half goal was the deciding factor as Ballyhale won the day by 1-10 to 0-7. It was Fennelly’s second All-Ireland club medal.
The rest of the 1980s saw Fennelly bring his county championship tally up to eight with further wins in 1985, 1988 and 1989. The third of these victories was subsequently converted into fourth Leinster club title following a trouncing of the Cuala club from Dublin. Ballyhale later qualified for the All-Ireland final where Limerick and Munster representatives Ballybrown were the opponents. Ballybrown stormed into a six-point lead in the middle of the first-half before Fennelly scored a goal in the twenty-fourth minute. At half-time Ballybrown still led by four points, however, a surge by Ballyhale saw the Kilkenny side claim a 1-16 to 0-16 victory. It was Fennelly’s third All-Ireland medal.
Minor & under-21.
Fennelly first came to prominence on the inter-county scene in the mid-1970s as a member of the Kilkenny minor hurling team. He was honoured in 1977 in his first full season with the team when he was appointed captain. That year Fennelly captured a coveted Leinster title when Kilkenny recorded a comprehensive 5-10 to 3-6 victory over Wexford. The subsequent All-Ireland championship decider saw Kilkenny take on Cork. An exciting game ensued; however, at full-time both sides couldn’t be separated as Kilkenny finished with 4-8 while Cork finished with 3-11. The replay was less exciting, however, Kilkenny eked out a victory by 1-8 to 0-9. Fennelly thus collected a coveted All-Ireland minor medal and had the honour of collecting the cup on behalf of his county.
Fennelly later joined the Kilkenny under-21 panel where he enjoyed some more success. He won a Leinster title in this grade in 1980 following a 2-14 to 2-9 victory over near neighbours Wexford. The subsequent All-Ireland final pitted Tipperary against Kilkenny for the first time ever in the under-21 grade. A close and tense affair developed between these two teams, however, at the full-time whistle Tipp were the one-point winners by 2-9 to 0-14.
Senior.
In 1983 Fennelly tasted his first major success with the Kilkenny senior hurling team. That year he collected a National Hurling League medal following a two-point victory over Limerick. Fennelly, however, found it difficult to nail down a starting place on the championship team that already contained his two brothers Liam and Ger.
Kilkenny’s fortunes took a downturn in the mid-1980s as Offaly won a number of Leinster titles while Kilkenny were in the doldrums. ‘The Cats’ bounced back in 1986 with Fennelly collecting a second National League medal before nailing down a place on the championship fifteen. He later lined out in his first senior provincial decider against Offaly. A comprehensive 4-10 to 1-11 victory gave Fennelly his first Leinster winners’ medal. Following this win Kilkenny were firm favourites for the All-Ireland title, however, Galway got the better of them in the All-Ireland semi-final with a 4-12 to 0-13 victory.
In 1987 Kilkenny qualified for the provincial decider once again with Offaly providing the opposition. The game developed into a close affair; however, victory went to ‘the Cats’ by 2-14 to 0-17. It was Fennelly’s second consecutive Leinster title. This victory allowed Kilkenny to advance directly to the All-Ireland final. Galway provided the opposition on that occasion, however, the game turned out to be a drab affair. A goal by substitute Noel Lane with seven minutes left to play gave Galway the edge and they hung on to win by 1-12 to 0-9.

</doc>
<doc id="19459157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459157" title="Arkansas Highway 266">
Arkansas Highway 266

Arkansas Highway 266 (AR 266 and Hwy. 266) is an east–west state highway in Faulkner County, Arkansas. The route of runs from U.S. Route 65 Business and U.S. Route 64 in Conway east to Siebenmorgen Road.
Route description.
Located entirely in Faulkner County, its west terminus was at an intersection with U.S. Route 65 Business and U.S. Route 64 in Conway at a roundabout near the entrance to Hendrix College. The route then proceeds east before ending at the Arkansas Human Development Center and continuing on as Siebenmorgen Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19459180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459180" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 48 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 48 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 48 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19459190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459190" title="Duncan Forbes">
Duncan Forbes

Duncan Forbes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19459196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459196" title="Mehdi Forough">
Mehdi Forough

Mehdi Forough (1911–2008) was an Iranian scholar, author, dramatist, writer on dramatic arts and culture, translator, and founder of the Academy of Dramatic Arts in Tehran. A native of Esfahan, Mehdi Forough attended Danesh Sara-ye Aali in Tehran and went on to study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts, London. He did graduate studies at Columbia University, NYC, where he completed his thesis, "Comparative study of Abraham's sacrifice in Persian passion plays and Western mystery plays", 1954. This work was later published by the Ministry of Culture, in Tehran.
Upon his return to his native land he founded the Academy of Dramatic Arts at which he was the director, a teacher and a mentor to many notable actors, film directors, playwrights, and theater producers who continue his legacy around the world. He wrote for the journal "Sokhan" and authored numerous articles for many other publications. Amongst his books are a treatise on music, titled "She'r va Musighi" (Poetry and Music, 1957), "Nofooz e elmi va elm-e-musighi-e Iran dar keshvar hay-e digar" (The Scientific and Cultural Influence of Persian Music in other Countries), and "Shahnameh va Adabiat-e-Dramatic" (Shahnameh and the Dramatic Literature). In the late nineteen seventies he was the president of Bonyad-e-Shahnameh, an institution devoted to the preservation of the authenticity of Ferdowsi's epic poem.
He is also known for his excellent translations of English texts into Persian. Amongst his many translations of plays are Tennessee Williams' "Glass Menagerie" and August Strindberg's "The Father" both of which he staged and directed. Furthermore, he translated Henrik Ibsen's plays, "A Doll's House" and "Ghost". Another translation related to the Theater is Lajos Egri's "The Art of Dramatic Writing". He also translated Aaron Copland's "What to Listen for in Music", and "Men of Music" by Wallace Brockway and Herbert Weinstock. Mehdi Forough, is said to have possessed a legendary voice, although he never performed publicly. He is the composer of a song cycle in which he set well-known Persian poems of Hafez, Saadi, and others to music.
Mehdi Forough was married to Fakhri Dowlatabadi, one of the Iranian women pioneers in playing and teaching of western classical music and the daughter of Haji Mirza Yahya Dowlatabadi, prominent Constitutionalist of the 1906 Revolution and one of the founders of the modern school systems in Iran. Mehdi Forough's son is the violinist and professor, Cyrus Forough.
[http://clio.cul.columbia.edu/]

</doc>
<doc id="19459215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459215" title="L'Héritier">
L'Héritier

L'Héritier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19459282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459282" title="Another Bag of Bones">
Another Bag of Bones

"Another Bag of Bones" is a single by Kevin Devine released on August 20, 2008 via digital retailers and a 7" vinyl record on the label Academy Fight Song. The single features the song "Another Bag of Bones" and a lyrically revised cover of Phil Ochs' "Love Me, I'm a Liberal", inspired in part by the 2008 presidential election. Both tracks were produced by Rob Schnapf.
The vinyl version was available in either transparent blue or red from Academy Fight Song's website, and a black tour edition was also available at shows.
"Another Bag of Bones" was later reworked and features on Kevin's fifth album, "Brother's Blood". The version featured on this single is more stripped down than the version featured on Brother's Blood.
A remix of the title track by Trevor Dowdy (of I Married My Highschool Sweetheart, a Favorite Gentlemen labelmate) appears on the "She Stayed As Steam" EP.

</doc>
<doc id="19459295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459295" title="U Zaboravu">
U Zaboravu

U Zaboravu is the second Serbo-Croatian studio album by Macedonian pop musician, Karolina Gočeva which was released in Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia & Herzegovina and in Croatia.
Promotion.
Karolina had a glamorous start of her promotion for the fourth Macedonian and second Serbo-Croatian album in Skopje. She continued with her promotion in the Former Yugoslav cities Belgrade, Sarajevo, Banja Luka and Podgorica.
Track listings.
Bonus Tracks
Awards.
Sunčane Skale

</doc>
<doc id="19459304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459304" title="Kentucky Vietnam Veterans Memorial">
Kentucky Vietnam Veterans Memorial

Located in Frankfort, Kentucky, overlooking the state capital, Kentucky Vietnam Veterans Memorial contains the name of 1,103 Kentuckians killed in the Vietnam War. The memorial is in the form of a sundial with the names placed so that the tip of the gnomon's shadow touches each man's name on the date of his death, thus giving each fallen warrior his own personal memorial day.
Origins of the Memorial.
The Kentucky Vietnam Veterans Memorial Foundation, non-profit organization, was created by the Kentucky General Assembly on March 23, 1984 "to design and raise the necessary funds for a monument to those Kentuckians who fought and died in Vietnam.
Funds for construction were provided through private donations from business, corporate and individual sources. The site overlooking the state capitol was donated by the Commonwealth of Kentucky in 1987. Upon completion, ownership of the memorial will be transferred to the state, with perpetual maintenance by the Memorial Fund.
The design for the memorial was selected by an anonymous competition which required that each entrant submit a scale model of the design. The criteria for design stated "The monument should be distinctive yet dignified. It should not seek to imitate other monuments yet it should evoke an emotional remembrance while being aesthetically authentic as a work of art. The monument should display the names of all Kentuckians who died in the Vietnam Conflict...or who are still unaccounted for."
The design unanimously selected was that of Helm Roberts, a Kentucky architect and Naval aviator during the period between Korea and Vietnam. The groundbreaking ceremony and "Gnomon" dedication, by Governor Martha Layne Collins, was held November 7, 1987. The remaining work for the memorial was done during the summer of 1988. The memorial was dedicated on November 12, 1988 by Governor Wallace Wilkinson.
Design concept.
The memorial was conceived to be a place of quiet meditation to contemplate the nature of the Vietnam War and also to be a place of ceremony to honor those lost in this conflict. The hours of the sundial represent the years of the war, thus each sector between the walkways includes one year of Kentucky losses. The length of the shadow of the "Gnomon" varies with the date of the year, with the longest shadows at the Winter Solstice on December 21 and the shortest on June 21, the Summer Solstice. Each name on the plaza is placed on the sunline for the date of death between these extremes, The exact time of this anniversary is unique for each name, but does not vary from year to year.
The arrangement of names was intended to show the pattern of Kentucky casualties for the Vietnam War. The first two deaths occurred in 1962 and the last person was killed in 1975. The year of heaviest losses was 1968, which falls between Noon and 1:00 PM, Eastern Standard Time. The names of those missing in action or prisoners of war are located in front of the gnomon, where the shadow never falls. 
Veterans Day ceremonies are commemorated by an inscription located on the Plaza where the shadow falls on November 11 at 11:11 AM, the date and time which marked the Armistice in 1918 which ended the first World War.
The Meditation Area looking down on the plaza provides a distant view of the state capitol, framed by the gnomon and the flags of America and Kentucky.
The circle of stones around the base of the gnomon are inscribed with the verse from Ecclesiastes 3:1-8:
Memorial data.
The curved lines on the plaza mark the location of the Summer and Winter Solstice and show the path of the shortest and longest shadows of the year. The straight East/West line locates the path of the Spring and Fall Equinox. The times inscribed on the stone outer circle represent natural or "Sun" time. The walkways are located at the mean position of Eastern Standard Time. The inner circle is marked with words from Ecclesiates which reflect upon the nature of time and the seasons.
The "Gnomon", or pointer stands 14.62' above the surface of the plaza and is 24.27' long, measured along its spine. The angle of the gnomon is equal to the latitude, or 38o 10'25" from horizontal and points to the true North Pole and Polaris, the North Star. The gnomon was cut from 3/16" thick stainless steel and fabricated in Springfield, Oregon by metal sculptor and welding engineer Arthur Ross Cady. 
The Plaza is 89'-4" long by 71'-1½" wide, including the benches. The plaza floor contains 327 pieces of 4"+ thick granite with pieces ranging from 2421 to 66 pounds in weight. The average weight of each plaza slab is 1,144 pounds. The largest pieces are 12' long. The benchwork has 120 pieces weighing over 20 tons. The weight of all granite in the memorial is 215 tons.
All granite for the memorial was cut from the "Pyramid Blue" quarry located in Elberton, Georgia. The face of each piece was honed to remove saw marks and finished with a sand-blasted surface to provide the lightest possible color to contrast with the gnomon shadow. All granite fabrication was done in Elberton from computer generated drawings, which included full sized templates for exact location and spelling of each name. 
Lettering and linework was incised into the granite using rubber stencils and sandblasting. All engraving was done in the factory with the exception of the summer and winter solstice and bench lines, which were done in place. The lettering of all names, months and the Ecclesiastes verse is the same lettering used for official government stone grave markers throughout the nation, including Arlington National Cemetery.
The Flagpoles are 35' high and are located 10' to each side of the True North line. The area north of the Winter Solstice line is designed for ceremonies on national holidays, Memorial Day, Independence Day and Veterans Day.

</doc>
<doc id="19459422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459422" title="Victory Supermarkets">
Victory Supermarkets

Victory Super Markets was a grocery store chain based in Leominster, Massachusetts that included 20 stores across Massachusetts and New Hampshire. It was founded in 1923 by two DiGeronimo brothers and was originally named after the American war effort in World War I. The family-run company was sold to Hannaford Brothers Company in 2004 after a successful 81 year stretch. When it was sold, the company employed over 2,600 workers and had an annual revenue of $385 million.
History.
Beginning.
Following their deployment and America’s subsequent victory in World War I, Italian-American brothers, James and Louis DiGeronimo created a corner market in 1923 in their hometown of Leominster, Massachusetts. This was a small grocery store very different from what it would grow to be. It was owned and operated by the two brothers and specialized in fresh meats and home delivery.
The first supermarket.
The first true super market was opened in 1955 by the founders’ sons. James’ sons were Arthur and Jimmy, while Anthony and Joe were Louis’. These four men expanded the business greatly until its closing nearly half a century later. This supermarket opened where the future headquarters would be located, on North Main Street in Leominster.
3rd generation.
During the 1980s, the third and final generation of DiGeronimo's came into the family business. This generation was composed of Arthur's sons Arthur Jr., David, Michael, and Steven, and Jimmy's sons Jimmy, John and Robert. Along with their fathers, these ten men made up the DiGeronimo Brothers featured on the company's sign and logo. With the arrival of these new owners, Victory saw great expansion company-wide. These sons took over the day-to-day running of the business and created many new stores and removed old ones over the next two decades.
Expansion.
In 1996, Victory began a new expansion concept in their grocery stores: Market Square. This idea put an emphasis on perishable foods and food-to-go. It offered cafe-style seating, along with sandwich, sushi, and stir fry stations. Market Square was tested out first in the Kingston store. Following success here, Market Square was applied to stores in Leominster, North Quincy, and Norwell, Massachusetts, and Derry, New Hampshire.
Sale of Victory.
After a long and successful 81 years of family-run business, Victory Super Markets' owners decided to sell the company. It was bought in September 2004 by Hannaford Brothers Company, a subsidiary of the Belgian Delhaize Group, for $175 million. The sale gave Hannaford 19 of Victory's 20 stores. These stores were converted into Hannaford grocery stores while the last remaining store, located in Athol, was shut down because Hannaford already had a larger, more modern store there.

</doc>
<doc id="19459423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459423" title="Ralph Nader bibliography">
Ralph Nader bibliography

Ralph Nader has authored, co-authored and edited many books, which include:
Selected speeches and interviews.
Radio interview of Ralph Nader about the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and corporate tax loopholes on Democracy Now!.

</doc>
<doc id="19459436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459436" title="Phenylaminotetralin">
Phenylaminotetralin

Phenylaminotetralins are novel histamine receptor ligands.

</doc>
<doc id="19459454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459454" title="The Lavin Entrepreneurship Center">
The Lavin Entrepreneurship Center

The Lavin Entrepreneurship Center is housed within the College of Business Administration at San Diego State University (SDSU) and offers a blend of university curriculum and experiential learning opportunities to students across the SDSU campus. The Center provides academic curriculum through both a major and minor in entrepreneurship and hands-on learning opportunities through various co-curricular programs. The Lavin Center is a resource for SDSU students that provides an entrepreneurial foundation and encourages innovation.
The mission of the Lavin Entrepreneurship Center is "to inspire entrepreneurship campus-wide and enable students to develop the entrepreneurial competencies necessary to compete in the global economy."
History.
San Diego State University management professor emeritus, Dr. Daryl Mitton, formed the University’s original Entrepreneurial Management Center (EMC) in 1980. In 1986, the EMC received its first funding and the program has been dedicated to entrepreneurial research and development since.
In 2012, the Entrepreneurial Management Center was renamed to honor Dr. Leonard H. Lavin, founder of the Alberto-Culver company and a longtime supporter of the Center. Dr. Lavin has been actively involved with the Center as a guest lecturer and mentor since 2005.
Entrepreneurship Curriculum.
The Lavin Entrepreneurship Center offers curriculum designed to meet the needs of students with an interest in entrepreneurship. The blend of academic and experiential learning is geared to provide students with a theoretical foundation as well as build and reinforce life-long skills necessary to succeed as an entrepreneur.
Undergraduate Program.
The Undergraduate Entrepreneurship curriculum is designed so that students who wish to have deep immersion in entrepreneurship can do so through the specialization, while students – from both a business and non-business background – seeking some exposure to the entrepreneurial mindset can do so through the minor.
Graduate Program.
The Lavin Entrepreneurship Center supports the SDSU graduate program in entrepreneurship and acts as a physical hub on campus as well as a virtual web community that allows entrepreneurs, investors, and service providers to partner with one another and provide resources for start-up companies.
The case study lead curriculum is taught in an environment where students work in teams. Students are encouraged to think strategically, learn how to assess ideas and solutions, build appropriate financial and business models, and develop the right management and marketing strategies. The faculty in the program are a blend of tenured professors and industry experienced lecturers to provide a balance of theory and application.
Lavin Entrepreneurship Center Programs.
The Lavin Entrepreneurship Center offers a wide-range of co-curricular programs for SDSU students. Some of the programs available through the Center include:
Business Plan Competitions.
The Lavin Entrepreneurship Center hosts and has students participate in select business plan competitions. Students have the ability to pitch their start-up ideas to business professionals, receive feedback, and have the opportunity to receive financial and in-kind awards. Current competitions the Lavin Center are involved with include:
Library.
In addition to the collections and holdings at the Malcolm A. Love Library, the primary academic library on the SDSU campus, the Lavin Entrepreneurship Center maintains the "Lavin Entrepreneurship Business Library", an extensive entrepreneurship-related library with an indexed collection of over 700 business plans, a state-of-the-art boardroom and numerous affiliations with local and national entrepreneurial organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="19459489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459489" title="Jack Diamond Morning Show">
Jack Diamond Morning Show

Jack Diamond Morning Show, was a radio show that aired for 24 years on WRQX Mix 107.3 weekdays from 5 am to 10 am and Saturdays 6 am to 10 am in Washington, DC. The final broadcast of the show was on Friday, April 26, 2013.
Host.
Host Jack Diamond has also worked in TV, both part and full-time, including co-hosting "Broadcast House Live" in D.C. on WUSA and is currently on "Idol Chatter" as part of the "American Idol" phenomenon on WTTG.
Podcasts.
Podcasts are available for free at Mix1073fm.com or iTunes on Jack Diamond Show.
Other show members include: Erica Hilary, www.ericahilary.com, Jimmy Alexander, and Bilingual Aly.

</doc>
<doc id="19459496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459496" title="Arthur Mund">
Arthur Mund

Arthur Mund (born 10 February 1899, date of death unknown) was a German diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was the husband of Margret Borgs and the father of Günther Mund.
In 1928 he finished fifth in the 3 metre springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="19459499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459499" title="Individual rights advocate">
Individual rights advocate

An Individual rights advocate is an advocate "to protect the legal and human rights of individuals with disabilities." United States law provides for advocates to protect the legal rights of persons with disabilities. This advocacy can be life-changing:
There are some writers who feel that "only individuals have rights," rather than groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19459516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459516" title="Henryk Glücklich">
Henryk Glücklich

Henryk Glücklich (born 22 January 1945 in Rybnik, Poland) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider who appeared in the Speedway World Championship finals three times, finishing fifth in 1970. He also rode in five World Team Cup finals.

</doc>
<doc id="19459544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459544" title="Ewald Riebschläger">
Ewald Riebschläger

Ewald Riebschläger (24 October 1904 – 1993) was a German diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 he finished fifth in the 10 metre platform event and sixth in the 3 metre springboard competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19459545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459545" title="Josh Payne">
Josh Payne

Joshua James "Josh" Payne (born 25 November 1990) is an English football player who plays as a midfielder for Woking. He has previously played for West Ham United, Cheltenham Town, Colchester United, Wycombe Wanderers, Doncaster Rovers, Oxford United and Aldershot Town.
Early life.
Payne was born and grew up in Basingstoke, where he attended Brighton Hill Community College.
Club career.
Payne began his career with Portsmouth and Southampton before moving to West Ham United. He was named as 2008–09 captain of the West Ham Under-18 team, but joined Cheltenham Town on an initial one month loan on 24 September 2008. He made his debut for Cheltenham against Stockport County on 27 September 2008, scoring a goal in the 66th minute. Payne's loan with Cheltenham Town lasted three months before he returned to West Ham on 22 December 2008.
Payne made his West Ham and Premier League debut on 21 March 2009 in a 1–1 away draw against Blackburn Rovers coming on as a 90th minute substitute for Diego Tristán.
On 22 October 2009 Payne signed for Colchester United on a one-month loan. Payne made his debut for Colchester on 24 October 2009 in a 2–1 home victory against Walsall being fouled for a penalty, which resulted in Colchester's second and winning goal. Payne returned to West Ham on 20 November, having played only three games for Colchester, as manager Aidy Boothroyd decided not to extend his loan.
On 22 January 2010 Wycombe Wanderers confirmed they had signed Payne on an initial one-month loan. Payne made his debut for Wycombe on 23 January scoring in a 1–1 away draw against Southend United.
He returned to West Ham on 25 February 2010. In March 2010 it was announced that Payne's contract with West Ham would not be renewed beyond the end of the 2009–10 season.
On 28 July 2010, Payne signed for Doncaster Rovers on an initial six-months contract after a successful trial period at the club. He made his Rovers debut in the Carling Cup tie against Accrington Stanley on 10 August 2010, scoring his first and Doncaster's only goal in a 2–1 defeat.
On 31 August 2010 Payne joined Oxford United on a one-month loan deal, which was then extended for another three months. Payne subsequently signed a pre-contract agreement with Oxford, making the move permanent. He scored his first goal for Oxford from a free kick in a 3–1 home victory against Northampton on 23 October 2010.
In January 2012 it was confirmed that Payne would be joining Aldershot Town on loan, initially for a month but later extended to the end of the season. On 5 March, the move was made permanent on a free transfer.
On 24 June 2013, shortly after his release from prison, Payne signed for Woking.
Conviction and imprisonment.
In December 2012 Payne was sent to prison for twelve months following a conviction for actual bodily harm and common assault following an incident in Guildford town centre in May 2012; upon conviction Aldershot terminated Payne's contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19459585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459585" title="Heinz Plumanns">
Heinz Plumanns

Heinz Plumanns (June 26, 1902 – January 11, 1986) was a German diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Cologne and died in Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler.
In 1928 he finished eighth in the 3 metre springboard competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19459614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459614" title="Devi, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa">
Devi, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Devi is a village in Mansehra District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°20'30N 73°1'40E with an altitude of 964 metres (3166 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19459630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459630" title="Sadykierz">
Sadykierz

Sadykierz may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19459641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459641" title="Vífilsfell">
Vífilsfell

Vífilsfell is a subglacial mound in southwestern Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="19459692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459692" title="Sylfaen">
Sylfaen

Sylfaen is a Welsh word meaning foundation. As a result, there are a number of places named Sylfaen in Wales, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19459700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459700" title="Sajkot">
Sajkot

Sajkot is a village of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is part of the Union Council of Dewal Manal and is located at with an altitude of 1530 metres (5022 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19459713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459713" title="Antoni Woryna">
Antoni Woryna

Antoni Woryna (born 15 February 1941 in Rybnik, Poland - died 14 December 2002) was an international motorcycle speedway rider who appeared in the Speedway World Championship finals five times, and was the first Polish rider to win a medal at that level when he won the bronze medal in 1966. He was a member of the Polish World Team Cup winning teams of 1965 and 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19459716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459716" title="Ricardo Ferreira">
Ricardo Ferreira

Ricardo Ferreira is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19459727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459727" title="Nagri Tarli">
Nagri Tarli

Nagri Tarli is a village in Abbottabad District of Soba-Sarhad province of Pakistan. It is part of the Union Council of Dewal Manal and is located at with an altitude of 1712 metres (5620 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19459768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459768" title="Makool Tarli">
Makool Tarli

Makool Tarli or Makol Tarli is a village in Abbottabad District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is part of the Union Council of Dewal Manal and is located at with an altitude of 2064 metres (6774 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19459776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459776" title="Yasuhiko Fukuoka">
Yasuhiko Fukuoka

Yasuhiko Fukuoka is an award winning composer for concerts, film, and television. Native of Japan, he studied Film Scoring and Music Synthesis at Berklee College of Music. His works have been performed in North America, Central America, Europe and Asia, and his appearances include Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, Birdland, Festival de Cannes (Cannes Film Festival), and many others. Yasuhiko currently lives and works based out of New York, NY.
Biography.
Yasuhiko Fukuoka is a composer, pianist, and arranger
By the age of 12, Yasuhiko knew he wanted to be a musician. Born in Nara, Japan, he studied classical piano, composition and percussion with various prestigious professors in Japan. At the age of 15, his self-published CD caught the attention of a producer at Kintetsu Cable Network (Japan), and he began his career in music. By the time he graduated from high school, he had already written and produced music for TV and film, as well as composed for various bands and concerts.
At 18, he was granted a scholarship to attend Berklee College of Music and moved to Boston. While working with great musicians from all over the world, he learned different genres of music including classical, contemporary, computer, film, and other music from different countries.
During his schooling years, he received numerous awards including an Award for Excellence at both the Kyoto Piano Competition and the Yamaha PTC Concert, Berklee World Scholarship, the BMI Scholarship, Roland Award, to name a few. In 2005, Berklee Film Scoring department commissioned Yasuhiko to compose an orchestra piece to represent the department at the PWD Concert. The premier of the piece was enthusiastically received, and he received publicity from both local and Japanese media.
After graduating Berklee with the highest honor, he moved to New York and started working as a freelance composer. He has been writing for television, film, theater, as well as arranging / producing for various artists internationally. He has also worked with world-renowned producer / DJ Kazuhiko Gomi on many projects. In 2010, he was chosen to be one of the nine emerging film composers to participate in the BMI filmscoring workshop with Rick Baitz.
He has performed at Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall, Steinway Hall, Lincoln Center, Webster Hall, Berklee Performance Center and many other venues in the US, Japan, and Italy. His credit includes TV, Film, Theater, commercial videos, as well as concert pieces. His works have been played in the US, Canada, Japan, South Korea, Italy and Germany.
He studies include: composition with Yukiou Maeda, John Bavicchi and Dr. Richard Boulanger; conducting with David Callahan; classical piano with Kazutaka Kanazawa and Yoko Nakamura, jazz piano with Laszlo Gardony and Bob Winter, and master class with Oxana Yablonskaya.
Accolades.
Fukuoka has received numerous awards such as the BMI Film Scoring Scholarship (2005), Roland Award (2004), Berklee World Scholarship, three consecutive Berklee Achievement Scholarships, and an Award for Excellence at both the Kyoto Piano Competition and the Yamaha PTC Concert, to name a few. He graduated Summa Cum Laude from Berklee College of Music, where he studied film scoring and music synthesis along with classical and jazz composition. During his last year at Berklee, he was commissioned to write an orchestral piece to represent three hundred students in the Film Scoring Department at the 2005 Writing Division Awards Concert. His composition "Longing Hurled Into The River Piedra" was enthusiastically received, and as a result he was featured in JazzNin Magazine (Japan) and Good Morning Emerson (TV show) on Emerson Channel/BNN in Boston, MA.
Concert Pieces (selected).
"Journey of a Thousand Miles" (2012, commissioned by CYCNY) for Orchestra 
"Dry Harbor" (2011) for Piano Quartet 
"I Do What I Can" (2011, commissioned by Hope Sings) - Lyrics by Beth Blatt, Music by Yasuhiko Fukuoka 
"Shepard" (2011, commissioned by QAS) - premiered at Webster Hall, New York, NY 
"Deep Forest" (2010, commissioned by QAS) - premiered at Webster Hall, New York, NY 
"Kono Michi Kara" for brass band (2010, commissioned by Asukano Brass Band) - premiered in Nara, Japan 
"I Am My Beloved's" (2010, commissioned) - World Premiere in Abano Terme, Italy; US Premiere at Merkin Concert Hall at Kaufman Center, New York, NY
"Vive la Canadienne" (2010, Commissioned) - premiered at Chan Centre Concert Hall, Vancouver, Canada
"Puzzle" (2009) - premiered at Steinway Hall, New York City
"Identity" (2006) CD Released by Berklee College of Music
"Longing Hurled Into The River Piedra"(2005, Commissioned) - premiered at Berklee Performance Center, Boston, MA
Film / Television / Theater Pieces (selected).
Light, Whisky, & Parting (Original music) - premiered at Webster Hall, New York, NY 
Beneath It All (Original music) - performed at SITE Fest in Bushwick, Webster Hall, and Nicu's Spoon Theater in New York, NY 
Jass Stewart mayoral campaign TV commercials (Original music)
"Alan" (Original music) - directed by Alexander Modzeleski 
"HAPPY NEW YORKER" (Music arrangement / production) by TONTON-Byoshi
"Language of Caring" (Original music) - Sponsored by Blue Cross Blue Shield
"Stories for Life" (Original music) - Produced by Invent Media, Inc.
"Every Child a Champion" (Original music) - Produced by Invent Media, Inc.
"Donden League" (Opening and ending music) - Kintetsu Cable Network
"Mannequin and Martian" (Original Music) - Directed by Melinda Rainsberger
"Ikoma City 30th Anniversary Video" (Original Music) - Produced by the city of Ikoma, Japan
Arrangements / Covers (Selected).
Someone Like You (Adele) 
Every Breath You Take (Sting) 
Rhapsody in Blue (Gershwin) 
Performances (selected).
Carnegie Hall - Weill Recital Hall (New York, NY)
Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center (New York, NY)
Steinway Hall (New York, NY)
Merkin Concert Hall at Kaufman Center (New York, NY)
Webster Hall (New York, NY)
Birdland (New York, NY)
Greenhouse (New York, NY)
Joe's Pub (New York, NY)
Bitter End (New York, NY)
Greene Space (New York, NY)
Broadway Baby (New York, NY)
Alexander and Buono Festival of Music (Abano Terme, Italy)
Berklee Performance Center (Boston, MA)
David Friend Recital Hall (Boston, MA)
Nara Centennial Hall (Nara, Japan)
Kashihara Manyo Hall (Nara, Japan) 

</doc>
<doc id="19459788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459788" title="Alfred Phillips (diver)">
Alfred Phillips (diver)

Alfred Henry Phillips (July 27, 1908 – July 28, 1994) was a Canadian diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Durham and died in Toronto.
In 1928 he finished seventh in the 3 metre springboard event as well as seventh in the 10 metre platform competition.
Four years later he finished fourth in the 1932 3 metre springboard event and again seventh in the 1932 10 metre platform contest.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the gold medals in both diving events.

</doc>
<doc id="19459800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459800" title=".бг">
.бг

The domain name бг (abbreviation of , "Bălgarija") was a proposed internationalized country code top-level domain (IDN ccTLD) for Bulgaria. The ASCII DNS name of the domain would be xn--90ae, according to rules of the Internationalizing Domain Names in Applications procedures.
It has been rejected by ICANN twice, due to its visual similarity to .br, and the three-letter substitute .бгр will most likely be proposed next.

</doc>
<doc id="19459827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459827" title="Athletics at the 1930 British Empire Games">
Athletics at the 1930 British Empire Games

At the 1930 British Empire Games, the athletics events were held at the Civic Stadium in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The programme featured 21 men's events, with all measurements being done in imperial units.
England came away with the most medals in the athletics competition, winning nine gold medals and twenty-five medals overall. The hosts, Canada, were the next most successful and won 19 medals altogether, six of which were gold. South Africa were the other nation to take away a large athletics medal haul, having three golds and ten medals in total. Eight nations featured on the medal tally at the first British Empire Games.
South African Harry Hart was highly successful in the throwing events and he came away from the games as the champion in the shot put and discus throw, as well as being the javelin throw bronze medallist. David Burghley took a hurdles double for England, winning both the 110-yard and 440-yard races. Reg Thomas won the mile run and was the 880 yards silver medallist. John Fitzpatrick of Canada won a medal of each colour in the sprinting events, winning his gold with the Canadian 4×100 metres relay team. Englishman Reg Revans won silver medals in the horizontal jumps, while Canadian Len Hutton won long jump gold, but only a bronze in the triple jump. Johannes Viljoen of South Africa showed his versatility by winning the high jump and reaching the podium in the long jump as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19459851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459851" title="Madigan Men">
Madigan Men

Madigan Men is an American television comedy that premiered on ABC in the U.S. on October 6, 2000. The show performed poorly in the ratings and among critics and was canceled on December 18, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19459879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459879" title="Pinas (disambiguation)">
Pinas (disambiguation)

Pinas is a commune of the Hautes-Pyrénées "département" in southwestern France.
Pinas may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19459901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459901" title="Viktor Trofimov">
Viktor Trofimov

Viktor Ivanovich Trofimov (}) (born March 22, 1938) is a former Soviet international speedway rider who reached the final of the Speedway World Championship in 1972, 1975. He also finished on the rostrum of the World Team Cup nine times between 1965 and 1976 but never won a gold medal, at the expense of 4 silver (1966, 1971, 1972, 1975) and 3 bronze (1967, 1969, 1973) medals.
In the team championship of the USSR on a speedway 18 years played for the team, "Raduga" (Rovno), won 2 bronze medals.
First race - April 30, 1960;
retirement - October 15, 1995.
He was born in Leningrad, Russian SFSR.
World Team appearances.
"* 1967 - No run-off was held for 3rd place. Bronze medals were awarded to both Great Britain and Soviet Union"

</doc>
<doc id="19459909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459909" title="Josef Staudinger">
Josef Staudinger

Josef Staudinger (born 2 November 1906, date of death unknown) is an Austrian diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vienna and was the husband of Magdalena Epply.
In 1928 he was eliminated in the first round of the 3 metre springboard event as well as of the 10 metre platform competition.
Four years later he finished fourth in the 1932 10 metre platform event and ninth in the 1932 3 metre springboard contest.

</doc>
<doc id="19459920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459920" title="Forever Autumn (album)">
Forever Autumn (album)

Forever Autumn is the fourth studio album by the Swedish doom/gothic metal band Lake of Tears. The album is dedicated to the memory of Juha Saarinen, who died four years prior to the album's release. The album was released with a bonus track (that being a radio edited version of the title track) in South Korea by East Rock Records.
All songs written by Daniel Brennare.

</doc>
<doc id="19459924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459924" title="Olivia Falconeri">
Olivia Falconeri

Olivia Falconeri is a fictional character on the ABC daytime soap opera "General Hospital". She has been portrayed by Lisa LoCicero since September 19, 2008.
Casting.
The role of Olivia Falconeri was originated by Lisa LoCicero on September 19, 2008, on a recurring basis. It was announced in July 2009 that LoCicero was put on contract with the series, just a month before her onscreen cousin Megan Ward was dropped to recurring status.
Storylines.
Backstory.
Olivia Falconeri grew up in a large Italian family in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Bensonhurst. She was very close with her cousin, Connie when they were growing up until Connie left town for college and changed her name, abandoning their family, including Olivia. As a teenager, Olivia became involved with Sonny Corinthos and their brief relationship would lead to the birth of their son, Dante in 1984, when she was 15. Sonny and Connie would also date until Connie left town to attend Princeton University.
Olivia is the cousin of "Crimson"'s editor-in-chief Kate Howard. Olivia and Kate (then known as Connie Falconeri) grew up together in Bensonhurst, New York. In high school, Olivia dated Sonny Corinthos, by whom she became pregnant. Sonny, unaware of the pregnancy, left Olivia to pursue Kate. Olivia gave birth to a son, Dante Angelo Falconeri. She has kept Dante's paternity a secret to protect him from Sonny's dangerous lifestyle. Olivia tells her family and friends that Dante's father could be any of three or four men she had slept with during that time. Only Kate knows the truth about Olivia's son and has kept her secret even after she changed her name and left her family. Olivia was very relieved when Kate didn't run off with Sonny, but was upset when Kate left her family to pursue her dreams. After Kate left Bensonhurst and changed her identity, Olivia did not have any contact with Kate for twenty years. She kept herself posted on Kate's accomplishments through newspapers and magazines.
2008–09.
Olivia was reconnected with her past after she saw Sonny at Frankie's bar. Sonny, engaged to Kate, asked Olivia to come to Port Charles to be Kate's maid-of-honor. When she arrived in Port Charles, she checked in to the Metro Court Hotel where she meets Carly Corinthos Jacks, Sonny's ex-wife. Olivia told Carly who she was and revealed to Carly that Kate's real identity is Connie Falconeri and she hails from Bensonhurst, not Connecticut.
On the day of the wedding, Olivia helped Kate fix her hair and get dressed for the ceremony. Olivia presented Kate with a necklace all Falconeri women have worn to their weddings. Kate refused to wear the heirloom and the two had a loud argument that everyone in the chapel could hear. Olivia, furious Kate denies her identity by refusing to wear the heirloom, decides to wear the necklace herself. After Kate was shot at the altar, Olivia was grief-stricken, fearing for her cousin's life. As she held a bloody, wounded Kate, she told her she is proud of who she has become and she is happy she accomplished everything she dreamed of. Kate was rushed to General Hospital and Olivia told Sonny that she will be making all of Kate's medical decisions because she is her only family. She agreed to let Patrick Drake operate on Kate since he is one of the best neurosurgeons in the country. Kate survived the operation, but was slow to recover. During Kate's stay in the hospital, Patrick overhears a conversation between Olivia and her cousin clearly stating that Sonny has a grown son with Olivia. While Kate is in recovery, Olivia discovered (through Carly) Sonny never left the mob, like he had told Kate and had lied to everyone about. Carly also told Olivia about the shooting of her son, Michael, due to Sonny's lifestyle and warned Olivia to keep Kate away from Sonny. Olivia worriedly told Kate what she learned, but Kate did not believe her.
She retorted Olivia was just jealous because she got Sonny and now she doesn't have the love of her son's father. Kate seemed on the fence about wanting to tell Sonny about Dante. She felt if Sonny learns about his son, it will give him a reason to live and it will stop him from joining the mob and taking revenge. Olivia is adamant about not doing it, because she fears that her son would get hurt. She doesn't want Dante to suffer little Michael's fate. After the Metro Court Hotel is having issues, Jasper Jacks offers Olivia a job on the spot as the hotel's operations manager. Olivia has since been Jax and his wife's friend. She also helped Jax and Carly when making a decision on Michael Corinthos's surgery. Olivia met Claudia Zacchara at Jake's on October 13, 2008. Claudia brought up the wedding incident and a verbal fight ensues. Olivia and Carly, Jax's wife, came together to try and stop Sonny from marrying Claudia, but he does so anyway, costing him his friendship with Olivia.
2009–10.
Olivia begins a relationship with Johnny Zacchara in May 2009, after the two meet while both out for drinks at Jake's, the local bar. Due to the large age gap between the two, they receive much criticism from those around Port Charles. Despite the disapproval from Sonny and Johnny's older sister Claudia, the two continue to see one another. Soon after, Dante arrives in town, claiming to be around to visit and keep and eye on his Ma. Olivia eventually discovers he is working for Sonny under an alias. Despite his marriage to Claudia, Sonny begins confessing his love to Olivia, saying her wants to be with her, not his wife. Olivia rejects him, stating he is a married man and should be with Claudia. Olivia, worried for her son's safety, and for the secret of his father's identity to stay hidden, tries to get Dante off the case against Sonny. An argument between Olivia and Dante that ends up being over heard by Claudia leads to discover Olivia's secret; that she is Dante's mother and he is not as loyal to Sonny as he appears. Claudia holds this over Olivia's head, threatening to blow everything up unless Olivia breaks up with Johnny. Olivia, desperately wanting to protect her son, tells Johnny she still loves Sonny and that's why she's breaking up with him. Johnny does not believe Olivia's reasoning and assumes his sister is behind her suddenly pushing him away. He later tells Olivia he wants to keep seeing her, but they should keep it a secret. Claudia finds out and in retaliation, tells Olivia she's going to sleep with Dante. Olivia goes to Sonny to tell him the truth, not wanting things to escalate. Sonny, tired of the constant battle between Olivia and Claudia, does not wait to hear what Olivia has to say. Michael walks in, overhearing the conversation, and tells Olivia to back off. Olivia tells Sonny he should be proud for having a son who stands up for him.
Jax eventually finds out Olivia's secret, but agrees to keep it as such so Sonny will go to prison. Olivia must plan Claudia's birthday party on Sonny's behalf since it is taking place at the Metro Court. Just before the party, Olivia gets into a scuffle with Claudia when she threatens to tell her secret to Sonny. The police are called by people who overheard the two women fighting, and Claudia then claims Olivia attacked her, and Olivia is taken to the police station. At the PCPD station, she asks Mac Scorpio, the police commissioner, who is aware that her son is working undercover, to let her go so she can warn her son about Claudia's knowledge. He agrees, wanting Dante to take Sonny down. When she gets to the Metro Court, she comes in time to hear Sonny rip into Claudia for being responsible for getting Michael shot months earlier. Claudia pulls out a gun and takes a pregnant Carly hostage. Sonny later talks with Olivia, telling her he should have trusted her when she said Claudia was not a good person. Olivia tells him even though Claudia is evil, he should not have yelled at her in front of everybody.
Carly is found, along with her newborn baby girl, and is brought to the hospital, but there's no sign of Claudia. Dante comes with Lulu, suffering from hypothermia, and believes Sonny killed Claudia. When Olivia goes to visit Carly, she reveals she knew Claudia got Michael shot, causing a strain in their relationship. Olivia comforts Johnny, who figures his sister is dead. Johnny later confronts Olivia about Dominic being Dante, and is at an impasse about what to do. She finally admits Claudia blackmailed her into breaking up with him. Johnny chooses to stay with Olivia, finding it hard to be without her and vice versa. Still, she realizes she still carries a torch for Sonny.
Dante closes in on Sonny, and finally gets enough evidence to produce an arrest warrant for Sonny in relation to Claudia's murder after Claudia's body is found in a warehouse explosion set by an obsessive artist. He tells his mother, though he wants Sonny to go down, he feels bad for his kids, who will be hit hard when their dad is sent to prison, as well as other people, including Lulu Spencer. Olivia immediately sees the sparks. She realizes Dante has genuine feelings for Lulu, something that has never happened to him before. Dante and Olivia end up spending Christmas at Sonny's house for dinner when his other three children bail on him. Olivia mends her relationship with Carly, as well, who admits she does not get along with a lot of women. Olivia admits the same.
Dante gets the arrest warrant for Sonny on the same day as Carly's daughter, Josslyn's, christening. The morning he decides he's going to arrest Sonny, Dante goes to Olivia's apartment and the two have a deep conversation. She tells him how afraid she was when she found out she was pregnant with him, barely a teenager with not a clue of how to be a mother. She tells him about his own christening, and he tells her he knows that she's always wanted to keep him safe. When Dante and Sonny do not show up at the christening, Olivia gets concerned and goes to Sonny's house. Olivia walks in to find Dante laying on the floor with a bullet in his chest and Sonny standing over him holding a gun. She screams at Sonny he just shot his own son as she tries to help Dante stay alive. Sonny helps out, as well, shocked and upset with Olivia for not telling him that Dante was his son. Dante is transported to the hospital, in a perilous state, and Olivia is shattered over the thought of losing her son. She tells Sonny she knows for sure he is Dante's father when he asks if there are any other possibilities. She says she was just was trying to protect her son by not telling Dante or Sonny they were related. She sits by Dante's bedside, begging him to fight to stay alive. Sonny tries to recover from the shock of finding out Dante is his son, and lashes out at Olivia.
Dante goes into surgery, with Dr. Steven Webber doing the procedure. Before he comes out, Sonny is arrested for Claudia's murder. Dante wakes up on February 3, 2010, with Lulu by his side, who tells him Sonny is his father. When Olivia returns, Dante is upset Olivia did not tell him Sonny is his father and coldly pushes her away. She tries to defend her decision to keep his paternity a secret to protect him, but Dante will not listen. She is later brought down to the station to give her official statement on Dante's shooting, but she doesn't implicate Sonny. She only tells them she went to Sonny's house and found Dante lying on the floor. Dante gives his statement at the same time, saying he shot himself by accident.
When she goes back to the hospital, she finds Sonny, who wants to see Dante; as well as Lulu, who asks Olivia why she is allowing Sonny around Dante after what he did. Olivia tells Lulu the guilt from what Sonny did will eat him alive, and that will be punishment enough. When Ronnie, Dante's undercover partner, comes to the hospital to see Dante, he accuses Olivia of siding with Sonny over her own son. Olivia is furious. She tells Ronnie she loves her son more than he knows. Dante is his own man who makes his own decisions and there's nothing she can do about that.
2010–11.
On March 12, 2010, Dante's younger half-sister, Kristina Davis, is brutally beaten and hospitalized by her abusive boyfriend Kiefer Bauer, but tells the police it was Ethan Lovett who attacked her. Dante and his partner, Lucky Spencer, realize something is off and investigate, discovering on April 2 Kiefer, not Ethan, was the culprit. That same day, Kiefer beats up Kristina again. The truth comes out to everyone when Kristina's mother, Alexis, catches Kiefer leaving the house and Kristina confesses to Dante that Kiefer was the attacker. After a subsequent argument with Sonny, Dante finally realizes why Olivia lied about his paternity and forgives her. Unfortunately, Alexis accidentally hits and kills Kiefer with her car that same night. His father, Warren Bauer, swears revenge on both Alexis and Kristina, an act that would come back to haunt many Port Charles residents later, with Olivia not being an exception.
When Sonny's trial nears its end, the prosecutor, Claire Walsh, issues a subpoena for Michael to testify, thinking Michael's testimony will ensure Sonny's conviction. Dante then discovers Michael was really the one who killed Claudia, albeit to save Carly and Josslyn from her and turns him in just as the jury is about to announce their verdict. Olivia is present in the courtroom as all of this is unfolding. After Michael confesses, the judge unfairly sentences him to two-to-five years in the Pentonville Adult Correctional Facility to show everyone in the courtroom the legal system cannot be manipulated, much to the community's shock and outrage. And although Dante eventually gets Michael's sentence reduced significantly, Carly is still furious with Dante for urging Michael to turn himself in to the police in the first place. Olivia, believing in her son and the his intentions were true, defends her son to Carly and others who blame him for Michael's incarceration.
In June, Kristina, blaming Sonny for everything that happened to Michael, among many other things, decides to fake a relationship with Johnny to spite him. Johnny initially goes along with it, wanting badly to get back at Sonny for his sister's death and the way he treated her while she was still alive. This evidently ends up straining his relationship with Olivia, and even leads her to believe that what he has with Kristina is more than just an act to get back at Sonny. Eventually Johnny realizes it's a bad idea, but Kristina continues to push the issue until July 2, when Johnny finally puts his foot down and convinces her to end the charade. The two are caught in a car bomb secretly planted by Sonny immediately afterwards, meant only for Johnny, but both survive.
On July 19, Olivia is at General Hospital and enters the waiting/conference room and encounters Warren Bauer trying to force Nurse Epiphany Johnson to give him Kristina's medical records. Olivia overhears the man berate Epiphany and insult Kristina. Despite Kristina's earlier antics, Olivia readily comes to the young girl's defense. When the hospital locks down after Franco kidnaps the newborn Aiden Cassadine, Warren suffers a psychotic break and induces a shootout, critically wounding Mac and Ethan Lovett before attempting to kill Kristina. He is shot dead by Mac before he can do more harm. Olivia subsequently helps Steven Webber, (who operated on Dante and saved his life) treat Ethan, which proves to save his life. The two start to form a bond during the lockdown, when Olivia gets a dizzy spell, and Steve is there to catch her from hitting the ground. After Steve performs Ethan's surgery, the two begin to talk and Olivia agrees to let Steve buy her a drink sometime, to thank her for helping save Ethan. When the lockdown ends, Olivia attempts reconcile with Johnny, whom she had broken things off with just a few days earlier due to his vow to destroy Sonny's organization to avenge Claudia. Using Warren's attempts at vengeance and subsequent death as an example of how the need for pay back can destroy a person, but Johnny is unmoved.
On December 6, 2010, Olivia goes to Johnny's penthouse and finds Lisa Niles there. She had been treating Johnny's gunshot wound illegally, but hides the medical supplies so as to not get both of them into trouble. Johnny and Lisa both imply they are sleeping together to cover it up. Olivia pretends to believe their story. Once Lisa leaves, Olivia lets Johnny know that she can tell he's onto him, and asks why he would rather hurt her by leading her to believe he is with someone else than being injured again. Olivia asks Johnny to at least get up and kiss her goodbye, but as he can't stand, he gives an elaborate excuse as to why he won't. He says he was trying to give her a reason to walk away from his mob life. She tells him he won't live long enough to see how right they could have been together. She returns her set of keys to his apartment and leaves. She begins crying outside of his apartment. In late December 2010/early January 2011, Olivia, who was filling in for Carly, is among those caught in the ski resort bus crash and is one of those who takes the worst of it, suffering from internal bleeding. During the wait for rescue on the mountain, Olivia is found by Michael, who was also in the crash. Steve, having also been on the bus as a chaperone is the only uninjured doctor there, and stays firmly by Olivia's side, talking to her, trying to keep her awake, calm and as comfortable as possible. Olivia is admitted to the hospital in critical condition, and recovers. When Steve arrives to check on Olivia after she regains consciousness, she thanks him for saving her life on the mountain.
In late January, Steve takes Olivia home when she is released from the hospital, he makes her dinner and the two both confess that with more they get to know one another, the more they like each other. The two begin to date, often having dinner at Olivia's loft or meeting up at Jake's to have some drinks and spend time together. In February, they attended the wedding of Sonny Corinthos and Brenda Barrett together. On May 4, 2011 Steve and Olivia made love for the first time. Olivia opens up to Steve, telling him she couldn't really tell before if he had been interested in her, and he explains that he didn't want to take advantage of her so soon after her break up with Johnny. 
On July 27, 2011 Steve comes to Olivia's apartment for a date, bringing her flowers. While he's there, Olivia asks him about his time working at a hospital in Memphis and why he left and returned to Port Charles. Steve avoids answering her question and awkwardly changes the subject. Olivia seems suspicious, but doesn't question him any further. Over time, Steve is still showing signs of not wanting to discuss Memphis. On September 27, during a picnic on the roof of the hospital; Olivia mentions Memphis again and Steve tries to avoid the question by kissing her. Olivia tells Steve that she doesn't want secrets between them and asks him to tell her what happened in Memphis. Steve says that his time in Memphis was totally normal and that he isn't keeping any secrets from Olivia.
In September 2011, Olivia approaches Kate to try to get her to talk and help support Sonny with his recent divorce from Brenda. Kate refuses and the two get into an argument. Kate then goes and visits Sonny and makes up with Olivia. After that, Olivia helps Dante set up the night he plans to propose to Lulu and is worries frantically once he is brought into GH after being shot. On November 3, Olivia almost faints, which is a repeat of some other dizzy spells she had been having recently, and Lulu asks her if she might be pregnant. Olivia denies that there is any way she could be pregnant, and while she loves nothing more than being Dante's mother, she does not have any more unplanned babies in sight for her future. She then leaves so that she can go home and rest, but on the way there, obviously wondering the same as Lulu, buy a pregnancy test. While at home, Olivia is about to take the test when Steve arrives, and she quickly hides it behind a pillow, unsure of how to tell him that she believes she may be pregnant with his child. Olivia left the room, going to heat up some food for Steve, and while she's gone, Steve accidentally finds the test, and panics. He puts the test back where it was and makes an excuse to leave, clearly uneasy. Olivia, unaware that Steve saw the test, thinks nothing of it. Olivia then takes the test and right as she is about to look at the results, Sonny arrives interrupting her. When Steve finally confronted her at the hospital about finding the test, and tells her that she doesn't have to hide from him anymore that she is pregnant, she is shocked and tells him that she is not actually pregnant.
2012.
In March, 2012 after many suspicious altercations between Steve and Maggie Wurth, Steve's ex-girlfriend from Memphis who came to town to work as a pediatrician at GH; Olivia begins questioning Steve even further about what he has been hiding from her about his past in Memphis. He eventually realizes that he will lose Olivia if he doesn't tell her the truth about what happens. He confesses that he killed a prison in-mate who had been hospitalized and was in a coma in the hospital where Steve was working, because the patient's heart was a match for a young girl who's heart was failing and needed a transplant. At first, Olivia was disappointed in Steve's choice to play God with his patients, but knew that he was a good man, who made a wrong decision, and did have good intentions. Olivia then told him that she would keep his secret, and accidentally blurted out that she was in love with Steve, something neither of them had said before.
Johnny, Olivia's ex had dug up the information about Steve killing his patient in Memphis and was using this to blackmail Steve. Olivia, worried about Steve losing his job, or going to prison, chose to defend Steve against Johnny, even going to Sonny when she felt she was out of other options, and asking him to get Johnny to back off.
In May, when Heather, Steve's mother, was released from Ferncliff and placed into her son's care, Olivia was right away suspicions that Heather was up to no good. Olivia picks up on Heather's strange behavior and thinks she is better off back in Ferncliff. Steve, who is so desperate to believe that his mother has changed and is a good person, does not see through her lies, and does not believe Olivia when she tells him that Heather is not as well as she seems. When all else fails, Olivia hires Damian Spinelli, a private investigator to look into Heather's misdoings. When Steve finds this out, he is angry, believing that Olivia is acting unfair towards his mother by labelling her as crazy, and their constant arguing and decides that he wants a break from their relationship. Olivia pleads with Steve that she is only trying to protect him from getting hurt by his mom again, and that she loves him. "I love you too, but this isn't working," he says, and walks away as tears stream down Olivia's face. Olivia, still clearly upset over her and Steve's break up, returns to work at the Metro Court and finds Heather in one of the rooms, disguised as a maid. The two argue, yet again and Heather pulls out a syringe that she states is filled with LSD. The two struggle, but Heather ends up stabbing Olivia with the LSD, just as Dante bursts into the room, he hurriedly takes his mother to General Hospital, which allows Heather to get away. By the time Dante and Olivia arrive at GH, she is having terrifying hallucinations, and she picks up a scalpel, threatening to slit her own throat. Steve is able to talk Olivia down from killing herself by telling her that he finally believes her about his mother, that he's not going to let Heather hurt her again and that he loves her. Olivia, seeming somewhat calmer now, lowers the scalpel long enough for Dante to take it from her hand. She is then, still frantic, put into a straight jacket and taken to a room. Steve then tells Dante it's too soon to know if Olivia will recover from the LSD. Olivia is then sedated, but when she wakes up, continues having occasional hallucinations, almost all of which seem to be predicting what is going to happen in the future, or seeing the truth in things and people that no one else can see from the surface. As Olivia struggles through trying to get back into her life, and dealing with her strage visions, she gets support from Steve, who sticks by her side.
2013—.
After arriving home from the Port Charles New Year's Eve party, Steve decides to kick the year off by proposing to Olivia. A tearful Olivia says yes to his proposal, and the two are looking forward to their future together. When Olivia's cousin Kate, who has been diagnosed with DID resurfaces after spending months trapped inside her head by her alter, Connie, Olivia supports her in realizing how long she had been gone for, and everything she had missed. 
On Valentine's Day, Olivia had another hallucination, (which were getting more frequent) of Steve covered in blood, and appearing like he had just been stabbed. Olivia was terrified that something awful was going to happen to her fiancee, but he continually tried to convince her that she was stuck with him forever. On February 26, Olivia was alone when Heather, who had previously been presumed dead, showed up at her door with a butcher knife. She again blamed Olivia for turning Steve against her, and taking her son away from her. Heather and Olivia struggled again, and Heather slashed Olivia's arm with the knife. Just then, Steve came home from his shift at the hospital, and seeing what was going on between Olivia and his mother, demanded that Heather let Olivia go. "We don't need Olivia!" Heather yelled, as she was about to stab Olivia with the knife. Steve quickly jumped in between Olivia and Heather, the knife plunging into him instead, and Olivia caught him as he began to fall to the floor. Steve was rushed to the hospital, and into surgery as Olivia cried and desperately prayed for him to survive so that they could start their lives together. Steve ended up surviving the surgery, and Olivia was so happy that she didn't want to spend any more time only being Steve's fiancée and wanted to get married right away. She recruited Maxie Jones to plan her and Steve's ICU wedding over night, and showed up the next day in a wedding dress outside Steve's hospital room. On March 1, just before the two are about to be pronounced husband and wife, the wedding is interrupted by the Memphis police, who are there to arrest Steve for the murder of his patient. Olivia wants to act quickly and get Steve a lawyer so he can fight off the charges against him, but Steve's guilt gets the best of him and he decides he's going to confess. Olivia is heartbroken, and tells him that she never bargained on losing him and while she was going to miss him like crazy, she knew she had to accept his decision, and after saying their off-screen goodbyes, Steve was taken to prison in Memphis.
In June 2013, Olivia had a hallucination of seeing blood on Sonny's shirt at The Metro Court. She went to save him, and ended up getting shot by Ava Jerome, instead of the intended target, Franco. Against the odds, Olivia survived and Sonny invited her to stay at his mansion to recuperate. This came at a time when Sonny had just been dumped by Kate (who was in the process of recovering from her DID and now officially going by the name of Connie), and Sonny and Olivia soon found themselves growing closer again, culminating in a kiss during the 4th of July celebrations. Before things could develop any further however, an oblivious Connie decided she wanted to reunite with Sonny. Olivia quietly stepped aside for the sake of her cousin's happiness, but was inwardly devastated that Sonny hadn't fought to be with her, and tensions grew between the two ladies. The matter hadn't fully been resolved when things took a sudden turn for a worse in August 2013, as Connie was shot fatally in her office. Having previously made an effort to stay away from Sonny, Olivia suddenly found herself having to step up to be his primary support, whilst grieving for her cousin herself. As AJ Quartermaine was established as the prime suspect in Connie's murder, Olivia had to talk Sonny down from a suicide attempt and monitor him thereafter as he refused to take his bi-polar medication. Sonny eventually recovered from his relapse, but more family distress was to follow when it was revealed that their presumed newborn granddaughter, Connie Falconeri Jr, was actually the biological child of Maxie and Damien Spinelli rather than Dante and Lulu. As Olivia continued to support Sonny, the two gave in to their feelings and slept together for the first time since their teenage years.

</doc>
<doc id="19459931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459931" title="Vladimir Artemev">
Vladimir Artemev

Vladimir Artemev () is a retired Belarusian artistic gymnast who competed for the Soviet Union. He was a member of the Soviet national team from 1977 through 1987 and was the Soviet national all-around champion in 1982 and 1984. He was unable to compete at the 1984 Summer Olympics due to the Soviet boycott.
He is the father and coach of American gymnast Alexander Artemev. They moved to the United States in 1994 and became US citizens in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19459941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459941" title="Ted Nugent discography">
Ted Nugent discography

This article lists the solo discography of American hard rock musician and vocalist Ted Nugent.

</doc>
<doc id="19459954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459954" title="Ilse Meudtner">
Ilse Meudtner

Ilse Meudtner (November 1, 1912 – July 18, 1990) was a German diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics where she finished fourth in the 3m springboard dive.

</doc>
<doc id="19459971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459971" title="Piña (disambiguation)">
Piña (disambiguation)

Piña is Spanish for:
Piña is a fiber made from the leaves of a pineapple.
Piña may also refer to:
People with the given name Piña:
People with the surname Piña:

</doc>
<doc id="19459977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459977" title="Juan Romero de Figueroa">
Juan Romero de Figueroa

Juan Romero de Figueroa (Gibraltar, September 16, 1646 - id. July 7, 1720) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest, in charge of the Parish Church of St. Mary the Crowned ("Santa Maria la Coronada y San Bernardo") during the last years of Gibraltar's Spanish period and first ones of the British period, until his death. He remained at his post even after the territory's capture by an Anglo-Dutch fleet in 1704 on behalf of the Archduke Charles, pretender to the Spanish throne in the War of the Spanish Succession, when most of its population abandoned Gibraltar (only about 60 out of 4,000 remained).
Capture of Gibraltar.
Juan Romero de Figueroa was born in Gibraltar and baptized on September 16, 1646 in the Church of St. Mary the Crowned. His parents were Álvaro Martín and Leonor Vázquez. He took the minor orders in 1661, and was appointed deputy chancellor of the Seminary of Cádiz in 1674. Since 1682 he had its parish in Gibraltar, and was the priest of the Parish Church of St. Mary the Crowned on August 4, 1704 when the city capitulated to the besieging Anglo-Dutch forces. Along with his curate and the bell ringer he successfully protected his church from the plundering soldiery which sacked the town after the surrender. Other churches in the territory were desecrated.
The Terms of Surrender of Gibraltar and the definite phrasing of the Treaty of Utrecht allowed for the practice of the Catholic Faith, so Romero de Figueroa went on as the priest of the Catholic population of the town until his decease, in 1720. In order to facilitate and stabilise ecclesiastical governance, the Bishop of Cádiz y Ceuta, who had jurisdiction over the church in Gibraltar, made him the first Vicar General of Gibraltar. The altar of the Blessed Sacrament in the Cathedral of St. Mary the Crowned keeps a marble tablet with the initials of Juan Romero de Figueroa. His mortal remains lay buried in there.
Romero de Figueroa was an eye-witness to the capture of Gibraltar. His accounts of the incident and the first years of Habsburg and British dominion over the town are notable, as some of the very few primary sources available. Two main works were produced by him: the annotations in the Gibraltar baptismal records which are currently kept in the Church of St. Mary the Crowned ( in San Roque (a municipality in Gibraltar's township where most of the villagers settled down after the 1704 Anglo-Dutch siege), and a manuscript portraying the events he beheld, which went missing in the midst of the Peninsular War. However, the manuscript was verbatim quoted at length by Ignacio López de Ayala, author of "Historia de Gibraltar" (Madrid, 1782).
As soon as the Franco-Spanish siege (1704–1705) was lifted, Romero de Figueroa begun to secretly send files, religious jewelry, pictures and ornaments to the settlements established in the Campo de Gibraltar. He was also responsible for the safekeeping of the statue of Our Lady of Europe of the shrine of the same name. Upon the capture of Gibraltar in 1704, the shrine was sacked and stripped of all its valuables by the troops who ran amok in direct contravention of the orders of their commanders. The statue was mutilated and flung onto the rocks below, to be found by a fisherman who took the remaining pieces to Romero de Figueroa. The priest remitted the statue's leftovers to neighbouring Algeciras, where it was repaired and placed in a small chapel dedicated to St. Bernard, which was later renamed to the Chapel of Our Lady of Europe. It was eventually returned to Gibraltar in 1864, at the request of John Baptist Scandella, Vicar Apostolic of Gibraltar.

</doc>
<doc id="19459996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19459996" title="Margret Borgs">
Margret Borgs

Margret Borgs (later "Mund", born February 17, 1909) is a German diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
She was the wife of Arthur Mund and the mother of Günther Mund.
In 1928 she finished fifth in the 3 metre springboard event. In the 10 metre platform competition she was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="19460037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460037" title="Lini Söhnchen">
Lini Söhnchen

Karoline "Lini" Söhnchen (born 19 July 1897, date of death unknown) was a German diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Witten.
In 1928 she finished sixth in the 3 metre springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="19460043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460043" title="Thrill-Ville USA">
Thrill-Ville USA

Thrill-Ville USA was an amusement park in Turner, Oregon, United States. The park was located next to the Enchanted Forest south of Salem on Interstate 5. Opened in the 1970s, the park grew to more than 20 rides before closing in 2007. Rides included roller coasters, go-karts, classic carnival rides (such as Octopus, Rock-O-Plane, Tilt-A-Whirl, Paratrooper, and many more) a double water slide, and a regular slide. The park also had an area called "Thrill-Zone" which included a Sky Coaster, Big Sling ride, SCAD Freefall Tower, and Turbo Force. De-construction of the park's major roller coaster, the "Ripper" started in spring 2010.
History.
In the early 1970s what later became Thrill-Ville USA opened as a go-cart track. The Vettrus family added the go-carts as a children’s amusement feature next to the family’s recreational vehicle (RV) park. The Vettrus brothers later owned and operated the amusement park that grew to more than 20 different rides. In 1984, the park added a waterslide.
The park was renamed as Thrill-Ville USA in the early 1990s. Marion County told the operators in the early 1990s that the park’s land needed to be rezoned or face possible closure. In 1995, Thrill-Ville was allowed to stay open after meeting a variety of conditions set by the county including noise abatement and establishing a parking plan. By 1999, the park had an annual attendance of 200,000 people. In May 2008, the park announced that due to higher insurance costs and a slowing economy that the park would not open for its usual season of Memorial Day to Labor Day in 2008. The park also said that Thrill-Ville USA may not ever re-open.
Attractions.
The park had two roller coasters, The Ripper and the Little Ripper. The bigger one was tall. Another ride was the Skycoaster, which lifted people up before dropping them to swing in their harnesses. A tall water slide was the largest in Oregon. It had two open-chutes that spiraled down over to the pool below. Other attractions included go-karts, a large slide, and miniature golf among others. Visitors were summoned to the park by a large spray foam figure named Thrillman.

</doc>
<doc id="19460072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460072" title="Hanni Rehborn">
Hanni Rehborn

Hanni Rehborn (born 20 November 1907) is a German diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics. She finished sixth in the 10 metre platform event.
Her elder brother, Julius, was an Olympic diver and her sister, Anni, was an Olympic swimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19460104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460104" title="St. George's Scout">
St. George's Scout

The St. George's Award is the highest youth award achievable in the Senior Scouts section of the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association.
The St. George's Award, like the Queen's Scout Award, is conferred on the recipient; you are not awarded the St. George's Award, you become a St. George's Scout. The Award is named for St. George, the patron saint of Scouting, and marks the completion of many requirements met during their time in the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association. The St. George's Award needs to be completed before the Senior Scout's 18th birthday.
Requirements.
The St. George's Award is the culmination of the B-PSA Scout training scheme. In order to become a St. George's Scout, the young person is required to have completed several prior awards, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19460110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460110" title="1938 college football season">
1938 college football season

The 1938 NCAA football season ended with the Horned Frogs of Texas Christian University (TCU) being named the nation’s #1 team by 55 of the 77 voters in the Associated Press writers' poll. 
September.
September 24 Defending champion Pittsburgh beat West Virginia, 19-0. California defeated St. Mary’s 12-7. In Los Angeles, Alabama beat USC 19-7. Minnesota defeated Washington 15-0, and Dartmouth beat Bates 46-0.
October.
October 1 Alabama defeated Samford 34-0, Fordham beat Upsala 47-0, Dartmouth beat St Lawrence 51-0, and Notre Dame beat Kansas 52-0. Pitt defeated Temple 28-6, California beat Washington State 27-3, and Minnesota beat Nebraska 16-7. 
October 8 Minnesota defeated Purdue 7-0. Alabama beat North Carolina State 14-0. Dartmouth stayed unscored upon, winning at Princeton 22-0. Pittsburgh beat cross-town rival Duquesne 27-0. Fordham beat Waynesburg College 53-0. California played a double-header for the fans, with the reserves beating the California Agricultural school (lager UC-Davis) 48-0, and the varsity and reserves beating College of the Pacific 39-0. In Atlanta, Notre Dame beat Georgia Tech 14-6
October 15 Pittsburgh won at Wisconsin 26-6. California defeated UCLA 20-7. Dartmouth beat Brown 34-13, and Notre Dame beat Illinois 14-6. Minnesota edged Michigan, 7-6. Fordham was tied by Purdue 6-6, and in Birmingham, Alabama was shut out by Tennessee, 13-0. When the first round of balloting was finished, the defending champion Panthers were again #1, followed by Minnesota, California, Dartmouth and Notre Dame.
October 22 #1 Pittsburgh beat SMU 34-7. #2 Minnesota was idle. #3 California won at Seattle over Washington 14-7. #4 Dartmouth won at Harvard 13-7. #5 Notre Dame beat #13 Carnegie Tech 7-0. In San Francisco, #6 Santa Clara beat Arkansas 21-6 in San Francisco, while in Milwaukee, #7 TCU beat Marquette 21-0, and the two winners replaced Dartmouth and Notre Dame in the Top Five: 1.Pittsburgh 2.Minnesota 3.California 4.TCU 5. Santa Clara.
October 29 
November.
November 5 In Pittsburgh, the #1 Panthers lost to #19 Carnegie Tech, 20-10. #2 TCU won at Tulsa 21-0. #3 California lost at #13, USC 13-7. In Baltimore, #4 Notre Dame beat Navy 15-0. #5 Dartmouth beat Dickinson College, 44-6. #6 Tennessee beat Chattanooga 45-0 to extend its record to 7-0-0. The Horned Frogs of TCU leaped into the top spot: 1.TCU 2.Notre Dame 3.Pittsburgh 4.Tennessee 5.Dartmouth
November 12 #1 TCU beat Texas 28-6. #2 Notre Dame beat #12 Minnesota 19-0. #3 Pittsburgh beat Nebraska 19-0. #4 Tennessee won at Vanderbilt 14-0. #5 Dartmouth lost at #20 Cornell 14-7. #7 Duke remained unbeaten (7-0-0), untied, and unscored upon with a 21-0 win at Syracuse. In the next poll, the Irish moved up to the top rung: 1.Notre Dame 2.TCU 3.Tennessee 4.Duke 5.Pittsburgh 
November 19 #1 Notre Dame won at #16 Northwestern 9-7. #2 TCU won at Rice 29-7. #3 Tennessee was idle as it prepared for a holiday game. #4 Duke beat N.C. State, 7-0. #5 Pittsburgh beat Penn State 26-0. The rankings shuffled to 1.Notre Dame 2.TCU 3.Duke 4.Pittsburgh 5.Tennessee.
On Thanksgiving Day #5 Tennessee beat Kentucky 46-0, while #6 Oklahoma beat OK State. Two days later, November 26, #1 Notre Dame remained idle. #2 TCU beat SMU in Dallas, 20-7. #3 Duke and 
On December 3, #1 Notre Dame lost in Los Angeles to #7 USC, 13-0, and fell from grace to fifth place. #2 TCU received 55 first place votes and, as national champion, accepted a bid to the Sugar Bowl. #4 Tennessee beat Ole Miss 47-0 in Memphis, and moved up to second place. Though the SEC champion would be Sugar Bowl bound in later years, a #1 vs. #2 match was not to be had, as Tennessee instead took a bid for the Orange Bowl. #3 Duke stayed in third place, despite having never been scored upon in 1938, and accepted an invitation to the Rose Bowl. #5 Oklahoma, which beat Washington State 28-0, and moved up to fourth place. Both unbeaten and untied at 10-0-0, Tennessee and Oklahoma would meet in Miami, but the title had been awarded to 10-0-0 TCU.
Conference standings.
The following is a potentially incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19460120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460120" title="Vladimir Paznikov">
Vladimir Paznikov

Vladimir Paznikov (1949 in Novosibirsk, Soviet Union - June 2008 Novosibirsk) was a Soviet international speedway rider who reached the final of the Speedway World Championship in 1973. He was also a very accomplished ice speedway rider. He was also a member of the Soviet team that finished third in the World Team Cup final in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19460129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460129" title="Rowing at the 1930 British Empire Games">
Rowing at the 1930 British Empire Games

At the 1930 British Empire Games, the rowing competition featured five events for men only. In the double sculls event, only Canada was represented, so the organisers simply invited a couple of crews from the United States to provide some opposition.

</doc>
<doc id="19460132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460132" title="Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights">
Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights

The Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights (LEOBR or LEOBoR) is intended to protect American law enforcement personnel from unreasonable investigation and persecution caused by extraordinary circumstances in the official performance of their duties, and provides them with special privileges not enjoyed by other Americans accused of crimes. It was first set forth in 1974, following Supreme Court rulings in the cases of "Garrity v. New Jersey" (1967) and "Gardner v. Broderick" (1968). Most states have different versions of the Bill written into their statutes.
Details.
The LEOBR is detailed by the Grand Lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19460136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460136" title="Karl Schumm">
Karl Schumm

Karl Schumm (born April 16, 1899, date of death unknown) was a German diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 he finished sixth in the 10 metre platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="19460141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460141" title="Boxing at the 1930 British Empire Games">
Boxing at the 1930 British Empire Games

At the 1930 British Empire Games, the boxing competition was held in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, and featured contests in eight weight classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19460152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460152" title="Nando Yosu">
Nando Yosu

Fernando Trío Zabala, known as Nando Yosu (born 8 July 1940), is a Spanish retired football midfielder and manager.
His extensive career, as both a player and coach, was mainly associated to Racing de Santander.
Playing career.
Born in Mungia, Basque Country, Yosu played professionally during roughly one decade, appearing in 122 matches in La Liga where he represented Racing de Santander, Valencia CF, Athletic Bilbao and Pontevedra CF, retiring in 1972 at only 31 after spells with lowly sides CF Calvo Sotelo (Segunda División, two years) and Gimnástica de Torrelavega (Tercera División).
In his beginnings he was also loaned by Racing to Deportivo Rayo Cantabria, at the time acting as a feeder team. Whilst with the "Che" he was used rarely in the league (also being loaned to Santander), but scored twice against FC Barcelona in the 1961–62 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup final, a 6–2 home win (7–3 on aggregate).
Manager career.
Immediately after retiring Yosu began coaching at his last team Gimnástica, even though he did not possess the obligatory licence. Afterwards he returned to main club Racing, first with its youth teams.
From 1977 to 1979 Yosu served as head manager for Santander, but would work with the side in several other capacities, from match delegate to director of football. Additionally, in no fewer than five occasions, as an interim manager in the 90's/2000's, he successfully led the team away from relegation zone, always in the top level.
In March 2007, Yosu was honoured by the Government of Cantabria for his contribution to football in the area. He retired from the football world for good in January 2009, after leaving his post as Racing's director of football.

</doc>
<doc id="19460157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460157" title="Wrestling at the 1930 British Empire Games">
Wrestling at the 1930 British Empire Games

At the 1930 British Empire Games, the wrestling competition featured men's contests in seven weight classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19460174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460174" title="Julius Rehborn">
Julius Rehborn

Julius Rehborn (born 30 December 1899, date of death unknown) was a German diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics. He finished ninth in the 10 metre platform event.
His younger sisters were also Olympic athletes: Hanni was a diver and Anni a swimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19460182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460182" title="John Hoye">
John Hoye

John Hoye is a British actor and bass guitarist. He was born on 6 May 1957 in the London Borough of Hackney. He attended St Dominic’s Primary School and Cardinal Pole RC School in Hackney.
Musical career.
In 1972 John met Adrian Smith and Dave Murray (who later became members of Iron Maiden) and formed the band Stone Free. Their first gigs were at John’s school, and they went on to win a few local talent competitions.
In 1974 Dave left Stone Free. Adrian and John met up with guitarist Maurice Coyne and together they formed Evil Ways, recruiting Barry Tyler as drummer. After gigging around local pubs and a residency in The Earl Amhurst PH in Hackney, they decided that they needed a singer/front man and recruited Dubliner Dave Hall.
Evil Ways played regularly at most of the well known London venues, and in August 1976 were signed by Nomis/Morgan, (owned by Simon Napier Bell, who later managed Japan and Wham), who changed the band's name to Urchin, and got them a contract with DJM Records.
Urchin went into a recording studio in London's Tin Pan Alley (Denmark Street) and recorded their first single "Without Love" by Dave Hall; the B side was "Rocka Rolla", the Judas Priest song. This was never released. In early 1977, John left the band and was replaced by Alan Levett.
John went on to form a new band called Headlights with Paul Tottman (drums), Jim Francis (guitar) and Rob Brown (keyboards). They played the London pub circuit and around the south coast until 1980, when the band split up.
From 2002 to 2005 John played in a three piece covers band, Don't Look Back, and occasionally in the show band, The Smoking Jackets.
Acting career.
In 1984 John went to drama school where he met Kevin Squelch and Barry Shannon and formed Operating Theatre Company (OTC). The company performed many shows in the two venues they ran - The Copper Theatre Club on Tower Bridge Road, London and The Hen & Chickens Theatre Bar in Islington, London. OTC also won two major awards for new works - The LWT Plays on Stage Award in 1988 for "The Harlot’s curse" written by Rodney Archer and Powell Jones; and the Guinness/Royal National Theatre Festival Award for "Roberto Calvi is Alive and Well" written by Roy Smiles. From 1992 to 1994 John acted in several professional stage shows, including several number one UK tours. He also appeared in the stage production of "Alfie", starring 60s pop star Adam Faith, at Queen’s Theatre in London’s West End in 1993.
John has acted extensively on television, and has appeared in Allo Allo, Miss Marple, Love Hurts, Journey’s End. He also played the lead in a series of underwater commercials for Taunton Dry Blackthorn Cider.
In 2008 he wrote and directed his first short film "Theatre of Souls" which was shot on s16mm and was shown at the Cannes film festival that year.
John along with his colleague Kevin Squelch run their own film production company "Operating productions", on their Web Site you can see their other short films "Apparently" and in the film "Incy Wincy Spider" they play the two characters Kelly and Donald.
In 2009 John played "Josh" in the feature film "Heathen", which went out on release, and played "Brian", the romantic lead, in the feature film "Jen", with Danielle Ryan, which has been entered into the "Sundance Film Festival", (2011) and is due to go on release in late 2011.
John has eleven short films uploaded to his YouTube page - johnhoye1.
John is married to Mary, (a daughter of George Kalmus), and they have two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19460190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460190" title="St. Mary's Catholic School (Brownsville, Texas)">
St. Mary's Catholic School (Brownsville, Texas)

St. Mary's Catholic School, sometimes referred to as St. Mary's, is a private school. It is located in Brownsville, Texas, United States, and serves the children of the lower Rio Grande Valley and Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brownsville.
Philosophy of Education.
The aim of education at St. Mary’s Catholic School is to promote a critical awareness of the world. This is accomplished by developing the qualities of discipline, thoughtfulness and responsibility thereby awakening the student to the potential of the human mind, body and spirit, promoting a critical awareness by which to think, judge and act. St. Mary’s School believes that peace and justice, as well as all Christian values, flow from a clear living and understanding of a life centered in Christ and nurtured by the Eucharist. St. Mary’s School has a unique purpose and function, since it makes spirituality the cornerstone of the educational process while maintaining academic excellence.
Mission Statement.
St. Mary’s Catholic School strives to develop and inspire strong Christian values and fosteracademic excellence in each child by providing quality education in a safe, nurturing, and multicultural environment.
Accreditation.
St. Mary's Catholic School is fully accredited in accordance with the guidelines of the Texas Catholic Conference Education Department and is recognized by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19460237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460237" title="Karapiro">
Karapiro

Karapiro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19460294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460294" title="Aquatics at the 2002 Commonwealth Games">
Aquatics at the 2002 Commonwealth Games

The "Aquatics events at the 2002 Commonwealth Games"' were held at the Manchester Aquatics Centre in Manchester, England. The sports featured 54 events in three disciplines:

</doc>
<doc id="19460297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460297" title="Lakeside Elementary School">
Lakeside Elementary School

There are multiple Lakeside Elementary Schools:

</doc>
<doc id="19460334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460334" title="The Key (1958 film)">
The Key (1958 film)

The Key is a 1958 war film set in 1940 during the World War II Battle of the Atlantic. It was based on the novel "Stella" by Jan de Hartog, was directed by Carol Reed and starred William Holden, Sophia Loren and Trevor Howard.
Plot.
American David Ross (William Holden), a sergeant in the Canadian army, is hastily promoted and assigned to command one of the Royal Navy's slow, poorly armed tugboats, which bring in freighters crippled near England by German attacks. The main danger is from U-boats and aircraft.
David is pleased to be reunited with an old friend, Captain Chris Ford (Trevor Howard). Chris takes him out on a mission, then brings him home to his flat to meet his lover Stella (Sophia Loren). She had been engaged to Philip, another tugboat captain, but he was killed the day before their wedding. Knowing the extreme danger of his job, Philip had given a copy of his key to the flat to another officer, Van Barger (Carl Möhner), so that Stella would be taken care of no matter what. Van Barger moved in. Then, continuing the tradition, he gave a key to Chris. When Chris chooses David to be the next in line, David tries to refuse, but his friend is insistent. 
Stella accepts Chris's marriage proposal. However, she has a premonition that he won't be coming back from his next mission. She is proved correct.
At first, David refuses to move in, but eventually does so. To his surprise, she does not share his bed immediately, but as time goes by, Stella falls in love with him, unlike the others. She puts away her photograph of Philip, gets rid of the uniforms of David's predecessors, and takes off her wedding ring. She also leaves her flat for the first time since Philip was killed. Finally, she asks David to marry her and he gladly accepts.
With the U.S. entry into the war, an American freighter becomes David's next assignment. The inexperienced crew sends out a continuous S.O.S., contrary to sealed orders, revealing the ship's position to the enemy. When David finds out the situation, he tries unsuccessfully to refuse what amounts to a suicide mission. Just as he is about to depart, another tugboat returns. Knowing his chances, he gives his key to its captain, Kane (Kieron Moore).
David's tug is attacked by a U-boat and set afire. He orders the crew to abandon ship, then rams the submarine. After being rescued, David hurries back to the flat, but Kane is already there, having told Stella that David was killed. When she sees him alive, she screams at him to get out, hurt to the core by his betrayal in passing on the key. 
Later, Kane finds David drinking his sorrows away and informs him that Stella is leaving for London on the train. There were two endings filmed; in one, David gets aboard, while in the other, he just misses catching it, but insists he will search for and find her. The latter was done to satisfy the Production Code by showing that David and Stella pay for their sexual relationship.
Awards.
Trevor Howard won the BAFTA best actor award for 1958. 

</doc>
<doc id="19460336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460336" title="Hello, Dear Numbers">
Hello, Dear Numbers

Hello, Dear Numbers is a live DVD release from Alice Nine. It includes footage from the band's sold-out October 6, 2006, concert at the Shibuya Kokaido. The Limited Edition includes a bonus disc with after-show interviews with the band and behind-the-scenes footage.

</doc>
<doc id="19460343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460343" title="California University of Management and Technology">
California University of Management and Technology

California University of Management and Technology or CALMAT is a tertiary education provider in Silicon Valley.
Programs and courses at CALMAT are designed to support both full-time and part-time students. An Advisory Board consisting of leaders in industry from Silicon Valley, including Charles Wang, Thomas Blood, Dennis Hungridge, Samuel Tong, Dennis Sahani, is closely involved in shaping the nature and content of the programs offered by CALMAT.
CALMAT currently offers an MBA program and a Master of Science program in Computer Science and Information Technology. It also offers several degree completion program options for a Bachelor of Business Administration that are designed to bridge 2-year or 3-year college coursework into a Bachelor degree and preparation for graduate studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19460355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460355" title="Brownville, Florida">
Brownville, Florida

Brownville is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States. It is located north northeast of the city of Arcadia.

</doc>
<doc id="19460374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460374" title="Alice in Pictures I">
Alice in Pictures I

Alice in Pictures I is a compilation DVD from Japanese rock band Alice Nine. It features music videos from Alice Nine's early years, and includes the first ever DVD release of the "Shunkashuutou" music video. It was released in July 2008, alongside Alice in Pictures II.

</doc>
<doc id="19460398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460398" title="Dejando Huella">
Dejando Huella

Dejando Huella (Eng.: "Leaving a Mark") is the title of a compilation album released by norteño ensemble Conjunto Primavera. This album became their third number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard
DVD tracklisting.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19460403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460403" title="Alice in Pictures II">
Alice in Pictures II

Alice in Pictures II is a compilation DVD from Japanese rock band Alice Nine. It features music videos for nine of the band's hits, and includes the first ever release of the "Gekkou Yoku" music video. It was released in July 2008, alongside Alice in Pictures I.

</doc>
<doc id="19460409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460409" title="Galiens li Restorés">
Galiens li Restorés

Galiens li Restorés or Galien le Restoré or Galien rhétoré (in English, roughly: "Galien the Restituted"), is an Old French "chanson de geste" which borrows heavily from chivalric romance. Its composition dates anywhere from the end of the twelfth century to the middle of the fourteenth century. Five versions of the tale are extant, dating from the fifteenth century to the sixteenth century, one in verse and the others in prose. The story—which is closely linked to the earlier "chansons de geste" "Pèlerinage de Charlemagne" and "The Song of Roland" (especially in the latter's rhymed version)—tells of the adventures of Galien, son of the hero Olivier and of Jacqueline, the daughter of the (fictional) emperor Hugon (Hue the Strong) of Constantinople.
"Galien", with its voyages and romance elements, enjoyed a strong success in the late Middle Ages and early Renaissance and largely eclipsed "The Song of Roland" in public taste.
Plot.
Galien seeks out his father Olivier at the Battle of Roncevaux Pass, and helps Roland and Charlemagne rout the Saracens. Later, he saves his mother from treacherous uncles and becomes emperor of Constantinople.
Editions.
Three of the extant versions of the tale (including the one in verse) are part of larger compilations entitled "Garin de Monglane" in which are grouped other works concerning the feats of the descendants of Garin (Girart de Vienne, Olivier, Galien, etc.). The verse version (the "Cheltenham manuscript") is in alexandrines grouped in rhymed laisses; one of the two other compiled versions is in manuscript form, the other is in a printed edition (c.1502-11).
The remaining two versions of the tale have only the "Galien" tale; one of these is the printed edition of 1500, later reprinted with a different ending in 1525.
Surviving editions:

</doc>
<doc id="19460417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460417" title="Armed Forces Recipe Service">
Armed Forces Recipe Service

The Armed Forces Recipe Service is a compendium of high-volume foodservice recipes written and updated regularly by the United States Department of Defense Natick Laboratories, and used by military cooks and by institutional and catering operations. It originated in 1969 as a consolidation of the cooking manuals of the four main services, and is based on previous military publications dating back to the first standardization efforts in the US Army in 1896. Recipes are based primarily on American cookery, with the addition of specialized items such as vegetarian, kosher and halal recipes to meet more specialized needs of those being served. The Service database is now distributed by the Joint Culinary Center of Excellence, a division of the US Army Quartermaster School based in Fort Lee, Virginia.
Each recipe card has a standardized format; each recipe is calibrated to feed 100 people, with a basic nutritional analysis across the top of the card. Traditionally available primarily in print format, the AFRS database is also available electronically.

</doc>
