<doc id="19530758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530758" title="Ground Kontrol">
Ground Kontrol

Ground Kontrol is a video game arcade and bar in Portland, Oregon, United States. Recognized as one of the best arcades in the US, it is known for preserving games from the Golden Age of Video Arcade Games. It also serves as a venue for DJs and live music. Also of note is its collection of 28 pinball tables.
Notable events.
A high score competition was held jointly at Ground Kontrol, Aftershock RetroGames Arcade in Madison, Wisconsin and the Houston Area Arcade Group Expo in Houston, Texas in June 2004. Twin Galaxies maintained the results of the competitions for world record consideration.
Portland area resident Brandon Erickson also trained and attempted to achieve a record breaking high-score on Star Wars at Ground Kontrol in the spring of 2005.
"Slugfest" is a fighting game tournament sponsored by and held at Ground Kontrol featuring a rotating selection of fighting games in a head-to-head elimination tournament.
On September 2, 2008, Ground Kontrol hosted a launch party for "Rock Band 2" in conjunction with Liquid Development and Someday Lounge, a venue also located in Portland's Old Town district. Attended by developers from Harmonix Music Systems, it provided a preview of the game ten days in advance of its official release.
On September 8, 2009, "" was made available one day prior to the official launch in time for a special Beatles centric "Rock Band" Tuesday.
The second annual Portland Pinbrawl pinball tournament was held at Ground Kontrol on April 18, 2010. Contestant Jeff Gagnon won the tournament, with 2009's winner Cayle George placing 5th. The number two ranked player in the US, Keith Elwin, finished 9th overall.
The third annual Portland Pinbrawl pinball tournament was held at Ground Kontrol on April 17, 2011.
In 2010, Ground Kontrol was the winner of three arcades competing in Stride gum's "Save the Arcades 2" contest. The owners have used the $25,000 prize to help fund a full remodeling of the arcade and to buy more games.
Remodel.
On December 1, 2010, Ground Kontrol moved to a temporary location at 32 NW 5th Ave, and then to a second temporary location at 10 NW 5th Ave on December 10. The interior at the original location was stripped to the studs so that a remodel could take place. During the renovation, a kitchen and new seating were added, the restrooms were moved and the decor took on a Tron-esque vibe.
Local Portland firm Jessica Helgerson Interior Design worked with the owners of Ground Kontrol to design the revised interior space. Custom lighting systems featuring heavy use of LEDs and fiber optics were designed and constructed and added to the remodel. The new bathrooms feature Pacman tilework and translucent, backlit counter tops. Combined with hanging lamps in polyhedral shapes and fiber optic cable highlighting the edges of the interior arches a TRON inspired interior was realized.
Jessica Helgerson was presented with a 2011 Merit Award for the Ground Kontrol bathroom design by Interior Design magazine.
Music Selection.
A sound system inside Ground Kontrol is used for background music. In the evening, local and visiting DJ's play different types of music varying by the day of the week. The sound system and stage is utilized for Rock Band Tuesdays which also serves to provide the music for that evening.
Recognition.
Ground Kontrol was recognized in the "Best of the City" list for 2008 in Portland Monthly Magazine for Rock Band Tuesdays.
History.
Since opening in 1999, Ground Kontrol has undergone several changes. The arcade was originally created and opened by Betty Farrier, and Kneel Cohn of the band The Dead Stars On Hollywood. In March 2003 it came under new ownership by Timewarp Incorporated. Also of note is the September 2004 move to a new location and the addition of a beer and wine bar in May 2005. "Guitar Hero" nights began in the summer of 2007 and switched to "Rock Band" on November 20, 2007, that game's release date. On December 11, 2011, Ground Kontrol's announced ""Ground Kontrol Now Serving Mixed Drinks: Starting at 5PM tonight, Ground Kontrol is officially a full-service bar.""
In the 2005 film "The Comedians of Comedy", Brian Posehn visits Ground Kontrol's original location on SW 12th Ave in Portland, OR.
The 2006 documentary film "High Score" features an interview with co-owner Anthony Ramos at Ground Kontrol.

</doc>
<doc id="19530791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530791" title="Dheeraj Sharma">
Dheeraj Sharma

Dheeraj Sharma is a marketing professor and writer. He has taught at numerous educational institutions including University of North Texas, Louisiana Tech University, University of Winnipeg, Ball State University and Athabasca University.
Education.
Sharma has a doctoral degree with a major in marketing and a double minor in psychology and quantitative analysis from Louisiana Tech University. His primary research interests are Workforce motivation, behavioral channel theory, international marketing strategy, personal selling, and ethics. As a student, Dr. Sharma was Robert B. Toulouse Doctoral Fellow and Graduate School Doctoral Fellow. He is a member of who's who of American professionals.
Career.
Sharma is past Associate Editor of the "Journal of Marketing Channels". He is past editor of the Academy of Marketing Science proceedings and the Academy of Marketing Science "Cultural Perspectives" Sharma has over 50 articles published in reputable journals and conference proceedings. He is an active member of the Academy of Marketing Science, American Marketing Association, and National Conference of Sales Management.
He is a keynote speaker on sales force motivation, ethics, and international business in North America, Europe, and Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19530800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530800" title="Water polo at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Water polo at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads

Each country was allowed to enter a team of 11 players and they all were eligible for participation.
Argentina had only a squad of eight players entered.
Head coach: 

Head coach: 

Head coach: 

France had only a squad of nine players entered.
Head coach: 

Head coach: Moritz Nußbaum

Great Britain had only a squad of ten players entered.
Head coach: 

Head coach: 

Ireland had only a squad of nine players entered.
Head coach: 

Head coach: 

Malta had only a squad of nine players entered.
Head coach: 

Head coach: 

Spain had only a squad of eight players entered.
Head coach: 

Switzerland had only a squad of ten players entered.
Head coach: 

Head coach: 

</doc>
<doc id="19530814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530814" title="2008 American League Central tie-breaker game">
2008 American League Central tie-breaker game

The 2008 American League Central tie-breaker game was a one-game extension to the regular season for Major League Baseball's (MLB) American League (AL) Central division. The game took place on September 30, 2008 between the Chicago White Sox and Minnesota Twins at US Cellular Field. It was necessary after both teams finished the season with records of 88–74. The White Sox won a coin flip late in the season which, by rule, awarded them home field in the game. 
The White Sox won the game, 1–0, on a home run by Jim Thome, the lowest-scoring game in MLB tie-breaker history. The Sox advanced to the American League Division Series, where they lost to the Tampa Bay Rays, three games to one. In baseball statistics, the tie-breaker counted as the 163rd regular season game by both teams, with all events in the game added to regular season statistics.
Background.
Prior to the start of the season, the Detroit Tigers and Cleveland Indians, the division's top two finishers in the previous season, were predicted to be the strongest teams by journalists such as Tom Verducci of ESPN and Joe Sheehan of Baseball Prospectus. However, the Indians lineup was weakened by injuries and spent just 13 days of the season in the division lead, last on May 17. The Tigers never led the AL Central and finished the season in last place, 14 games back.
The White Sox led for most of the season starting with a tie for first on May 17, held at least a share of the lead for 154 days, and never dropped more than a game behind the leader. The Twins spent much of the season in second place behind the White Sox, along with 54 days in the lead. Despite going 11–15 in September, the Twins took a half-game lead with an extra innings win over the White Sox on September 25 that capped a three-game sweep of Chicago. The Twins maintained that lead through their final game, forcing Chicago to play a make-up on September 29 against the Tigers which had been rained out earlier that month. The White Sox won, 8–2, leaving the Sox and Twins tied atop the AL Central with 88–74 records, forcing a tie-breaker to decide the division. Tickets for the tie-breaker sold out within an hour of the end of the September 29 game.
The White Sox won the right to play at U.S. Cellular Field, their home field, as a result of a coin flip earlier in September. Fans were encouraged to wear all-black clothing to show support for the White Sox. The game was broadcast on TBS. The White Sox used John Danks on three days rest as their starter, and the Twins started Nick Blackburn.
Game summary.
Box score for Tuesday September 30, 2008—6:37 p.m. (CT) at US Cellular Field in Chicago, Illinois
Both Blackburn and Danks held the game scoreless early on, allowing only six baserunners through the first four innings of the game. The Twins' Michael Cuddyer led off the top of the fifth with a double, the only Twins runner in scoring position for the entire game. Danks induced a deep flyball out from Delmon Young, which allowed Cuddyer to advance to third. Brendan Harris hit a deep flyball to center field which was caught for an out by Ken Griffey, Jr. Cuddyer tried to score on the ball as a sacrifice fly, but Griffey delivered an accurate throw to home plate and White Sox catcher A. J. Pierzynski blocked the plate and tagged out Cuddyer to end the inning. This play drew praise after the game as a "nice throw" and a "defensive gem".
The only run of the game scored when White Sox designated hitter Jim Thome led off the bottom of the seventh inning with a solo home run. Blackburn got Paul Konerko to ground out, but allowed a double to Griffey and, following an intentional walk to Alexei Ramírez, José Mijares relieved him. John Danks lasted through eight innings without allowing a run and was relieved by closer Bobby Jenks in the ninth. Jenks recorded three outs, securing the White Sox' 1–0 victory with his 30th save of the season. Twins batters Joe Mauer, Justin Morneau, and Cuddyer had a combined 22 hits in 40 at-bats (.550 batting average) against Danks for their careers but in the tie-breaker they combined to go 1–for-9 (.111) with 3 strikeouts. This game saw the lowest combined score of any tie-breaker game in MLB history, three runs lower than the 3–1 score of the first game of the 1951 National League tie-breaker series.
Aftermath.
With the victory, the White Sox earned their first playoff berth since their win in the 2005 World Series. However, they lost to the eventual pennant-winning Tampa Bay Rays, three games to one. Statistically, the game counted as the 163rd regular season game. Thome's home run, for example, was his 34th of the season. This total brought him a tie for fourth most in the league. Danks lowered his earned run average from 3.47 to 3.32 in the game, which moved him from a tie for tenth-best in the league with Zack Greinke to fifth place. Mauer, Morneau, and White Sox outfielder Carlos Quentin won Silver Slugger Awards for their offensive performances in the 2008 regular season. Mauer also won a Rawlings Gold Glove Award that year. This was the last tie-breaker with home field determined by a coin flip. Following the 2008 season MLB amended their rules, leaving future tie-breaker sites to be determined on a series of performance-based criteria beginning with the head-to-head record between the teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19530845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530845" title="Larry Birleffi">
Larry Birleffi

Larry V. Birleffi (April 17, 1918 – September 27, 2008) was a Wyoming broadcaster known as the original "Voice of the University of Wyoming Cowboys", having announced all UW football and basketball games from 1947 to 1986. He helped to build the UW sports program in Laramie and was a vigorous promoter of its athletic teams. He also won a Bronze Star for his service during World War II.
Background.
Birleffi was one of four children born to Victor Birleffi (1888–1970), a miner, and Louise Birleffi (1895–1986) in Hartville in Platte County in southeastern Wyoming and lived in the state for his entire life except for four years in the military. During Birleffi's youth, Hartville had a population of two thousand, compared to fewer than one hundred in the 2000 census. Birleffi was of Italian ethnicity and Roman Catholic in a predominantly Protestant state. He graduated from Sunrise High School, now Guernsey-Sunrise High School in Guernesey, where he was quarterback of the football team. In 1942, he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in English from the University of Wyoming. He was a major in the United States Army 92nd Infantry Division, having served in Italy.
Sports career.
Birleffi's career spanned the history of broadcasting. While in college, he was a sportswriter for the "Laramie Daily Boomerang", the daily newspaper in Laramie, the seat of Albany County. He thereafter moved into radio and television. An icon of Wyoming sports, he was renowned for his booming, enthusiastic voice. He also co-owned a radio station and appeared on regional and national television. He had a regular sports column in the "Wyoming Tribune Eagle" in Cheyenne. He was the announcer for UW football and basketball for some thirty-seven years. Birleffi's love of athletics was shown in his writing; according to his obituary,he demonstrated a belief in the importance of teamwork, commitment, discipline, and spirit as essential to all sports.
He hosted regular television sports programs created a radio talk show called "Cheyenne Today". He was the station manager and eventually a part-owner of KFBC Radio. He received assignments, such as the National Finals Rodeo in Las Vegas, Nevada, from ABC Wide World of Sports, created and originally produced by another Wyoming native, Curt Gowdy, a personal friend of Birleffi's.
Birleffi was "Wyoming Broadcaster of the Year" in 1954. In 1992, the press booth at UW's War Memorial Stadium was named in his honor. In 1996, he was inducted into the University of Wyoming Intercollegiate Athletics Hall of Fame. In 2001, he was named "Outstanding Alumni" for the UW College of Arts and Sciences. At the time, Governor Jim Geringer described Birleffi as "indeed a gentleman cowboy and a scholar. His service to community, country, and nation brings honor and credit to Wyoming, our university, and to the College of Arts and Sciences.” In 2003, he was inducted to the Wyoming Broadcasters Association Hall of Fame, having also been a former president of the organization. He was a member of Rotary International, a founding member and past president of the Cheyenne Quarterback Club. He was active in the UW Cowboy Joe Club, the Wyoming Heritage Foundation, the American Heart Association, and the American Cancer Society.
Family and death.
In 1942, he wed the former Lois A. Sturtevant (March 16, 1920 – June 10, 2004); the marriage lasted until her death. The couple had three daughters, Lynn Birleffi and husband Phil Noble of Cheyenne, Bobbie Birleffi of New York City, and Laurie Rosen and husband Steve of Chevy Chase, Maryland, and two grandchildren. Birleffi died at Davis Hospice in Cheyenne. He was also survived by a sister, Evelyn B. Johnston, of Billings, Montana. He was preceded in death by two brothers, Arthur Birleffi and John A. Birleffi (1929–1999) of Greeley, Colorado. Services were held on September 30 at St. Mary's Cathedral, 2102 Warren Avenue, in Cheyenne. News of Birleffi's death was carried by the Associated Press and many newspapers in the American West.

</doc>
<doc id="19530848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530848" title="Conway-Horry County Airport">
Conway-Horry County Airport

Conway-Horry County Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Conway, a city in Horry County, South Carolina, United States.
Conway-Horry County airport serves mostly general aviation with maintenance and refueling of aircraft. The airport is located off of U.S. Route 378 west of the city of Conway. The airport has one runway and covers of land.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned HYW by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft.
Conway-Horry County Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 35 feet (11 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 4/22 with a 4,401 by 75 ft (1,341 x 23 m) asphalt surface.
For the 12-month period ending September 11, 2007, the airport had 43,050 aircraft operations, an average of 117 per day: ~99% general aviation, <1% air charter and <1% military. At that time there were 39 aircraft based at this airport: 90% single-engine and 10% multi-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19530855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530855" title="Kalaga">
Kalaga

Kalaga () is a heavily embroidered appliqué tapestry made of silk, flannel, felt, wool and lace against a background made of cotton or velvet indigenous to Burma (Myanmar). The word "kalaga", which means "curtain," comes from the Burmese language, although Burmese refer to such tapestries as "shwe gyi do" (; lit. "gold thread embroidery"). These tapestries use a sewing technique called "shwe gyi" ()
This artform emerged during the Konbaung dynasty in the mid-1800s and reached its zenith during the reign of Mindon Min, when velvet became fashionable at the royal court.
In a typical tapestry, padded figures are cut from various types of cloth and sewn onto a background, usually red or black cloth to form an elaborate scene, traditionally from Burmese classical plays (e.g. Ramayana, Jataka). The figures are sewn using a combination of metallic and plain threads and adorned with sequins, beads and glass stones.

</doc>
<doc id="19530875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530875" title="Michel Tommo Monthé">
Michel Tommo Monthé

Michel Tommo Monthe (born 26 March 1947) is a Cameroonian diplomat who has been Cameroon's Permanent Representative to the United Nations since 8 September 2008. 
Education and personal life.
Born at in Bana in Cameroon, Monthe obtained bachelor of arts and masters of arts degrees at the University of Yaoundé, Cameroon. He also has a doctorate in international relations from the International Relations Institute of Cameroon, University of Yaoundé II.
Monthe is married and has six children.
Career.
Monthe was the Vice Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ) before taking office at the United Nations. His other diplomatic postings included Special Adviser to the President of the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly; Inspector General in Cameroon’s Ministry of External Relations; Chair of the Anti-Corruption Unit in the Ministry; Ministry Secretary-General; Chargé de Mission in the Diplomatic Division of the General Secretariat at the Presidency; Technical Adviser in the Ministry of External Relations; and responsibity for consular affairs in the Protocol Department.
From 1977 to 1989, he served a prior term in New York. This term included postings as Second Secretary, First Secretary, Second Counselor and First Counselor for Cameroon's Permanent Mission to the United Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19530919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530919" title="Carolina Cerruti">
Carolina Cerruti

Carolina del Valle Cerruti Duijm (born 1962 in Caracas, Venezuela) is Miss World Venezuela 1983 and the daughter of former Miss World 1955, Susana Duijm.
Miss World Venezuela.
Cerruti competed in 1983 as Miss Apure in her country's national beauty pageant, Miss Venezuela, becoming first runner-up and gaining the right to be Venezuela's official representative to the Miss World pageant held in London, United Kingdom on November 17, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19530931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530931" title="Kalagan">
Kalagan

Kalagan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19530944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530944" title="Trillick">
Trillick

Trillick () is a small village in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It had a population of 303 people in the 2001 Census. Trillick lies within the civil parish of Cleenish and the barony of Clanawley.
History before the 18th century.
Trillick "Trí Leac" (in Irish) “three stones”, is another term for a chambered tomb. The village is named from a ruined example beside Trillick Castle. The name is referred to in early records as Trelic and Trelic Mor, (and Mor or great/grand we always were), taking that name from the three pillars or standing stones located at what was the original Trelic and now generally referred to as the Old Castle. Even today, after 4,000 years of weather and land development, the stone circle, the three pillar stones and a stone doorway facing the rising sun, can be seen. It is believed to be a settlement of the Beaker people, who came from Holland to Britain and then to Ulster around 2,000 B.C. They were skilled in making decorative gold, copper ad metal objects and the gold lunula preserved in the National Museum in Dublin is proof of their presence and activities here.
Remarkably the name of Trillick has been preserved through 4,000 years of history. Records show that the Celts had a major base here and, on being converted to Christianity, had established an Abbey at Trelic Mor by 613 A.D. Various records refer to St. Mobec of Trelic, whose commemoration or feast day is on 29 May. The Annals of the Four Masters record the death of Cinead Ó Ceallaigh, Bishop of Trelic, in 813 A.D. The O'Neills of Shane the Proud clan had a strong fort here, with their soldiers based at nearby Dernagilly. The fought the famous battle of Dreigh Hill in 1379 against the Maguires and won a victory which settled the Tyrone/Fermanagh county boundary here. The Annals record the death in 1526 of Henry O'Neill, Lord of the Braghaid, the name given to the territory ruled by the O'Neills from Old Trielic. Henry was a grandson of Shane the Proud, and his own grandson, Con (died 1723), has a headstone in the old Kilskeery graveyard. The Civil Survey of 1654 says that the remains of a village, church, burial ground and mill could still be seen at Old Trelic but, by then, the new town of Trillick had been built.
After the Flight of the Earls from Lough Swilly on 4 September 1607, and the division of their escheated lands, the O’Neill territory here was given the description of the Manor of Stowy and alloted to Sir Mervyn Tuchet in 1611. He passed them on to his cousin, Sir Henry Mervyn of Hampshire, who in turn passed them on to his son, Captain James Mervyn. He arrived here around 1620, began building a castle which was completed in 1628 and the new town of Trillick was completed in the 1630s. The castle was described as one of the best of its kind and was occupied up until the 19th century, being vacant in 1814. It had then passed to General Mervyn Archdale, who built the hunting lodge at Glengeen. The Mervyns were noted parliamentarians, holding the Tyrone seat in Parliament from 1639 to 1747 and Captain Audley Mervyn being Speaker of the Irish Parliament from 1661-66.
Our new town lost no time in writing its name into history. Being on the direct route from Dublin to Derry and within striking distance of the strong Enniskilling base at Enniskillen, Trillick became an important post during the Jacobite wars. From 1629, the planters were being trained in the use of firearms by Charles Bastard of Drumdran, while the natives, including members of the O'Neill clan on the run, were being trained by agents of Phelim O'Neill of Caledon. In 1641 O'Neill had garrisons at Golan and Liffer, while the planters had garrisons at Castle and Corkhill. Both sides had victories over the other here in 1641 and both sides were strengthened in 1642, when General Munroe arrived to bolster the royalist forces and Owen Roe O'Neill came to lead the Irish insurrection. In 1689 the Jacobite garrison here was for a time under the command of King James' son, the Duke of Berwick. After lifting the siege of Derry, King William's army billeted at Trillick on its way back to Enniskillen in August 1689.

</doc>
<doc id="19530946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530946" title="The Next Star">
The Next Star

The Next Star is a Canadian reality television show on YTV hosted by Adamo Ruggiero (seasons 1-5) and Carlos Bustamante. (season 6). The show is a competition to find the most talented singer in Canada who is under 15 years of age to win and become "the next star". Winning contestants are Dunnery Bond (Season 1), Tianda Flegel (Season 2), Diego Gomes (Season 3), Melissa "Charlie" Storwick (Season 4), Brooklyn Roebuck (Season 5), and Alicia Moffet (Season 6).
In addition to host Adamo Ruggiero (2008–2012), the judges for the first 4 seasons (2008-2011) included Suzie McNeil, Steve Cranwell, and Christopher Ward. The current judges (2012–present) are Keshia Chante, Mark Spicoluk, and Tara Oram. Season 5 aired on YTV from July 16 to September 23, 2012. The stylists and coaches (2008–present) are Jasmine Denham-Baird (Vocal Coach), Michael Riccio (Dance and Choreography), Peter Papapetrou (Clothes and Wardrobe), and Dee Daly (Hair and Makeup Stylist).
As of season 6, Carlos Bustamante (host of YTV's "The Zone and One to One") is replacing the show's former host, Adamo Ruggiero and Web Host Mark "Suki" Suknanan was added to the cast. 
On September 22, 2013, YTV announced that The Next Star was getting a spin-off show, entitled, "The Next Star: SuperGroups". It will be about groups of singers performing. This show will be launched in spring 2014.
Season 1 (2008).
Top 6.
These were the top six contestants of season one. It was soon announced that 11 year old Charlotte Kosc had been diagnosed with viral meningitis and pneumonia in her right lung and therefore couldn't continue in the competition (she had been chosen to carry on as one of the top six). Amanda Rowland was selected as a replacement. 
Singles.
Each of the six finalists also got to record a single, available on iTunes or on the show's season one compilation EP.
Episodes.
The first three episodes consisted of auditions and narrowing the top 12 down to 6 finalists.
Contestant success.
Alyssa Reid's debut single called "If You Are" which was released on August 23, 2010 with an accompanying music video. Her second single called "Alone Again" featuring P. Reign. "Alone Again" was released in November 2010, entering the Canadian Hot 100 at #79 for the week of January 1, 2011 and peaked at #11 the week of April 23, 2011. It was also certified Gold by the RIAA. Alone Again also had a music video. In February 2011, she entered the "Canadian Emerging Artist" chart at #1. Her second single, "The Game" was released on May 31, 2011 and entered the Canadian Hot 100 at #89 on the week of August 3, 2011 and peaked #35 on the week of September 24, 2011. She has released two studio albums. She has worked with many big named artists such as P. Reign, Tyler Medeiros, Danny Fernandes, JRDN, Jesse Labelle, and Emily Osment.
Season 2 (2009).
The second season of "The Next Star!" premiered on July 17, 2009. Suzie McNeil, Steve Cranwell and Christopher Ward all returned as judges, and Adamo Ruggiero returned as host.
Format.
This season's format is very similar to the previous one, with the judges and host traveling to 6 different locations throughout Canada to find their top contestants. But, unlike last year, the judges chose 16 contestants to move on to the semi-finals, as opposed to last year's Top 12. The winner will receive a grand prize package valued at over $6 million Canadian dollars including studio time at Metalworks Studios, to write and record two additional songs (not including the one performed on the show). These songs will be produced by Universal Canada, and released in spring 2010. They will also have their own showcase at the premier annual Canadian Music Week Showcase, where they will debut their songs; as well as receiving a J-45 Standard Acoustic Guitar and an Epiphone Valve Jr. Combo Amp courtesy of Gibson Guitars. The season's compilation EP was released in October 2009.
The September 27 finale, from International Showplace at Canada's Wonderland, featured performances by FeFe Dobson and Justin Bieber, who had recently earned his first hit with "One Time", but not yet released an album.
Top 6.
The Top 6 was revealed to Canada on August 7, 2009.
Singles.
Each of the six finalists also got to record a single, which are available on iTunes or on the show's season two compilation EP.
Season 3 (2010).
The Next Star returns with a third season. Host Adamo Ruggiero, Judges Suzie McNeil, Steve Cranwell, and Christopher Ward. This contains the first Christmas themed episode. The song was "All I Want For Christmas Is You".
Singles.
The Top 6 were called back to Toronto once again around December to perform a Top 6 group music video of the classic Christmas song, "All I Want For Christmas is You".
Contestant Success
Victoria Duffield, then fifteen, now eighteen, is now signed to a record label, and has worked with artists such as Cody Simpson. Her first album with Warner has had a subsequent success. Diego Gomes has recorded some new music as part of the prize for winning the show, and has a band called More Than Us. Madi Amyotte had later won another competition, earning her a prize, which was an eight song album. Isabelle Stern has won multiple singing competitions and has received some fame on YouTube and Twitter, being compared to artists such as Lauren Jauregui and Mariah Carey.
Season 4 (2011).
The fourth season of The Next Star premiered on July 18, 2011. All three judges and host Adamo returned for the season. The season got a new logo - a big star with the show title on it. This season also had a new intro and the theme was slightly modified for the opening title sequence. For the first time since the first season, Calgary, Alberta was one of the 6 audition cities.
The Top 6 were revealed to Canada August 2011.
Contestant success.
Charlie had a few Calgary, Vancouver, Winnipeg and Edmonton radio stations play her single Good as Gone a few days after the live finale. She was also interviewed on a few radio stations and television shows after her win on the show. Charlie and JD have had their music videos air on Much Music and Family Channel as well as Shania on Family Channel.Charlie has gone on to record two new singles, 'Glitter In the Sky' and 'Paper Heart' featuring Nate Hall.
Shania Fillmore's music video for "Dreams" has aired on CMT, YTV, and Family Channel and her single played at radio stations coming from East to West of Canada. Shania also had her own show at the Capitol Theater along with JD Meeboer.
Parker had a special guest appearance on YTV's "Mr. Young" and Parker has been signed by Play Management in Vancouver and will do more TV and Film work. Parker has recorded two new singles in late 2012, 'Hey You' and 'Angel Inside of You'.
Lexie Tytlandsvik's single (also her audition song) is now available on iTunes and has been played on some radio stations across Canada. (she was in top 16)
Season 5 (2012).
Adamo Ruggiero returned as the host for season 5, with Keshia Chante, Mark Spicoluk, and Tara Oram as new judges. The season premiered on July 16, 2012. This season the show also hit over 6500 followers on Twitter and 60,000 likes on their Facebook. A new part is "The Wild Card", four people who received a "No" at the auditions are reconsidered and one will get The Wild Card, a chance to continue on. The live finale at Canada's Wonderland was held on September 23, 2012. The 'winners song' for the season was "One Thing" by One Direction. Brooklyn performed the "winners song". In late-September 2012, it was announced that there is going to be another episode of this season titled "48 Hours In The Spotlight". Also, on November 12, 2012, it was announced that there will be a Christmas episode, song and music video with the whole top 6, premiering on December 11, 2012 after "Life with Boys: Naughty or Nice with Boys". "48 Hours In The Spotlight" will contain Brooklyn's second single/music video. The 'Winner's Episode' will premiere on December 18, 2012. This will be the second Christmas episode since Season 3. Pop singer Aleesia performed as a musical guest for the show.
Choosing the Wild Card.
The judges picked 4 contestants who at first received a "No" at the auditions. Issy then received the Wild Card.
Contestant Success.
Brooklyn Roebuck - After winning, she got together with Sony Music Canada to discuss her single. She opened up one of Michelle Wright's shows and performed in CMT's Gift of Giving 2012. She guest starred as herself in YTV's Life with Boys and then record her second song "Lemon & Lime". From all that, she got signed with Shaw Communications and Viacom Records
Darren Espanto - He filmed an episode of Life with Boys.
Season 6 (2013).
Through their Facebook page, The Next Star has confirmed its return for a sixth season. The announcement was made on March 5, 2013. Adamo Ruggiero is not returning to be a host and Carlos Bustamante will instead be taking over, as confirmed in a video released on March 20, 2013. "The Wild Card" is back. It premiered on July 15, 2013 on YTV. This is the first season to have a finale pre-show.
"The Next Star: SuperGroup".
During commercial break on the season six live finale (September 22, 2013) it was announced there will be a "The Next Star" spin-off titled "The Next Star: SuperGroup". It was soon after confirmed on the official The Next Star Twitter though nothing was said about it. "The Next Star: SuperGroup" appears to be similar to "The Next Star" but "The Next Star: SuperGroup" is not about solo singers, it is about groups of singers performing. There will be new judges and coaches. Not much is known about it. It's set to premiere in spring 2014. There will be contestants from other seasons on the show.

</doc>
<doc id="19530964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530964" title="Michelle Shoda">
Michelle Shoda

Michelle Marie Shoda Belloso (born 1960 in New York, New York, USA) is the official representative of Venezuela to Miss World 1982.
Miss World Venezuela.
Shoda grew up in Maracaibo and competed as Miss Falcón in Miss Venezuela 1982, becoming "1st runner up" and gaining the right to represent her country in the 1982 Miss World pageant held in London, United Kingdom on November 18, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19530985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19530985" title="Rupen of Montfort">
Rupen of Montfort

Rupen of Montfort (died 8 September 1313) was a Cypriot nobleman, the second surviving son of Humphrey of Montfort and Eschive d'Ibelin.
In 1299, Rupen married Marie d'Ibelin (d. aft. 1340), daughter of Balian of Ibelin, Seneschal of Cyprus. They had two children:
His elder brother Amalric died in 1304, and Rupen succeeded him as titular Lord of Toron. In 1308, Rupen was involved in the abortive rebellion against Amalric, Prince of Tyre, who had usurped the royal power in Cyprus. He then left Cyprus to support his mother Eschive in an unsuccessful attempt to claim the Duchy of Athens, and took refuge from Prince Amalric on Rhodes. After the death of Amalric, Rupen returned to Cyprus and testified in the trial of the Knights Templar in 1311.
Upon Eschive's death in 1312, Rupen became titular Lord of Beirut. He died the following year and was buried in Nicosia. His son Humphrey succeeded him.

</doc>
<doc id="19531008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531008" title="John Sherburne Sleeper">
John Sherburne Sleeper

John Sherburne Sleeper (1794–1878) was an American sailor, ship master, novelist (who used the pseudonym of Hawser Martingale), journalist and politician.
Life at Sea.
Sleeper spent 22 years in the merchant marine service shipping out of the port of Boston as a sailor, officer and shipmaster.
Journalism career.
Sleeper was the publisher and editor of the Exeter, New Hampshire," News-Letter", editor and proprietor of "The Lowell Daily Journal" and editor and part proprietor of "The Boston Mercantile Journal". later "The Boston Journal" 
Sleeper purchased "The Lowell Daily Journal" on May 15, 1833 and ran the paper in partnership with H. Hastings Weld, however the partnership lasted only a few months resulting in financial distress for Mr. Weld and Sleeper's moving on to work for the "The Boston Mercantile Journal." Sleeper was the editor of "The Boston Mercantile Journal", later "The Boston Journal" from 1834 to 1854.
Public Service Career.
Sleeper served as a member of the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention of 1853, the Massachusetts Senate, the Massachusetts House of Representatives and, from 1856 to 1858, as the sixth Mayor of Roxbury, Massachusetts.
Sleeper was a contestant for the third congressional district of Massachusetts for the election held on November 4, 1862. Although originally ahead in the vote totals, Alexander Rice was later declared the winner by 25 votes (5,045 to 5,020). 
Sleeper was a member of the First Congregational Church in Roxbury, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19531012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531012" title="Mista (album)">
Mista (album)

Mista is the self-titled debut album by Atlanta based R&B youth quartet, Mista, released on July 30, 1996 via East West Records. Produced entirely by super-producers Organized Noize (TLC’s "Waterfalls"), "Mista" was fueled by the release of the album's first single "Blackberry Molasses". According to Organized Noize producer Rico Wade:
"Blackberry Molasses" peaked at No. 13 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The album's second single, "Lady" performed less well, peaking at number 61 in December 1996. Despite the success of "Blackberry Molasses", "Mista" peaked at No. 37 on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and has sold just over 100,000 copies since its 1996 release.

</doc>
<doc id="19531013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531013" title="Hilda Abrahamz">
Hilda Abrahamz

Hilda Astrid Abrahamz Navarro (born November 14, 1959 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan telenovela actress and former beauty pageant titleholder. She was the official representative of her country in the 1980 Miss World pageant held in London, United Kingdom on November 13, 1980, where she was one of the top 15 semifinalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19531015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531015" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1500 metres T54">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1500 metres T54

The Men's 1,500m T54 had its First Round held on September 14 at 19:39, its Semifinals on September 15 at 9:23 and its Final on September 16 at 20:27.

</doc>
<doc id="19531021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531021" title="Blake Ezor">
Blake Ezor

Blake Ezor (born October 11, 1966 in Las Vegas, Nevada) was a professional football running back in the NFL for the Denver Broncos.
Blake is currently employed by UPS, in Las Vegas, NV.
Personal life.
Blake is married and has two kids, Brittni and Blake, Jr. He had twins named Kaitlyn and Kyle but they died at a young age.

</doc>
<doc id="19531043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531043" title="Cadaba fruticosa">
Cadaba fruticosa

Cadaba fruticosa is a species of plant in the family Capparaceae.
It is endemic on Indian Subcontinent: Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Indo-China: Myanmar. 
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
In Tamil Nadu, "Cadaba fruticosa" is known as '"vizhuthi"(Tamil: விழுதி) and used in Siddha medicine for more than 2000 years. The juice of the leaves is especially used to cure gonorrhoea (Tamil: வெண்மேகம்). 

</doc>
<doc id="19531064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531064" title="Aerosteon">
Aerosteon

Aerosteon is a genus of either allosauroid or tyrannosauroid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous period of Argentina. Its remains were discovered in 1996 in the Anacleto Formation, dating to the Santonian stage (about 84 million years ago). The type and only known species is "A. riocoloradense". Its specific name indicates that its remains were found 1 km north of the Río Colorado, in the province of Mendoza. They show evidence of a bird-like respiratory system. "Aerosteon"'s name can be translated as "air bone" and derives from Greek ἀήρ ("aer", "air") and οστέον ("osteon", "bone"). Though the species name was originally published as "riocoloradensis", Greek οστέον is neuter gender, so according to the ICZN the species name must be "riocoloradense" to match.
Description.
"Aerosteon" was a 9 metre (30 ft) long, 2 metric ton bipedal carnivorous dinosaur that lived approximately 83 million years ago during the Santonian stage.
The remains discovered include a single tooth, some cranial bones, a number of partial or complete vertebrae from the neck, back, and sacrum, several cervical and dorsal ribs, gastralia, furcula (wishbone), left scapulocoracoid, left ilium, and left and right pubes. The incomplete fusion of some of its bones indicate that it was not quite fully mature.
"Aerosteon" did not initially appear to belong to any of the three groups of large theropods that were known to have inhabited the southern continents during this time (namely the Abelisauridae, Carcharodontosauridae or Spinosauridae). Sereno suggested that it might be related to the allosauroid radiation of the Jurassic period, and this was confirmed in subsequent studies that recognized a clade of late-surviving, lightly built, advanced allosauroids with large hand claws similar to the spinosaurs, called the Megaraptora, within the allosaur family Neovenatoridae. A later analysis has placed "Aerosteon" within the Tyrannosauroidea.
Physiology.
Some of "Aerosteon's" bones show pneumatisation (air-filled spaces), including pneumatic hollowing of the furcula and ilium, and pneumatisation of several gastralia, suggesting that it may have had a respiratory air-sac system similar to that of modern birds. These air sacs would have acted like bellows, moving air into and out of the animal's relatively inflexible lungs, instead of the lungs being expanded and contracted as occurs with mammals. See avian respiratory system for more detailed information on this.
Sereno theorises that this respiratory system may have developed to assist with regulating body temperature and was later co-opted for breathing.
Classification and naming.
"Aerosteon" was first described by Sereno "et al." in a paper which appeared in the online journal PLoS ONE in September 2008. However, at the time, the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature did not recognize online publication of names for new species as valid unless print copies were also produced and distributed to several libraries, and that this action is noted in the paper itself. PLoS ONE initially failed to meet this requirement for "Aerosteon". On 21 May 2009, the journal's managing editor coordinated with the ICZN to correct this oversight, publishing a comment to the original paper with an addendum stating that the requirements had been met as of that date. Consequently, though the description appeared in 2008, "Aerosteon" was not a valid name until 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19531070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531070" title="Consonant voicing and devoicing">
Consonant voicing and devoicing

In phonology, voicing (or sonorization) and devoicing are sound changes, whereby a consonant changes its type of voicing from voiceless to voiced, or vice versa, due to the influence of its phonological environment. Most commonly, the change is caused because of sound assimilation with an adjacent sound of opposite voicing, but it can also occur word-finally or in contact with specific vowel.
For example, English suffix -s is pronounced when it follows a voiceless phoneme ("cats"), and [z when it follows a voiced phoneme ("dogs"). This type of assimilation is called "progressive", where the second consonant assimilates to the first; "regressive" assimilation goes in the opposite direction, as can be seen in "have to" [hæftə].
English.
English no longer has a productive process of voicing stem-final fricatives when forming noun-verb pairs or plural nouns.
Synchronically, the assimilation at morpheme boundaries is still productive, such as in:
The voicing alternation found in plural formation is losing ground in the modern language, and of the alternations listed below many speakers retain only the [f-v] pattern, which is supported by the orthography. This voicing is a relic of Old English, the unvoiced consonants between voiced vowels were 'colored' with voicing. As the language became more analytic and less inflectional, final vowels/syllables stopped being pronounced. For example, modern "knives" is a one syllable word instead of a two syllable word, with the vowel 'e' not being pronounced. However, the voicing alternation between and still occurs. 
The following mutations are optional:
Sonorants () following aspirated fortis plosives (that is, in the onsets of stressed syllables unless preceded by ) are devoiced such as in "please", "crack", "twin", and "pewter".
Syllabic voicing and devoicing.
Voicing assimilation.
In many languages including Polish and Russian, there is anticipatory assimilation of unvoiced obstruents immediately before voiced obstruents. For example, Russian 'request' is pronounced (instead of [ˈprosʲbə]) and Polish 'request' is pronounced (instead of [ˈproɕba]). This process can cross word boundaries as well, for example Russian [ˈdod͡ʑ bɨ] 'daughter would'.
Final devoicing.
"Final devoicing" is a systematic phonological process occurring in languages such as German, Dutch, Polish, and Russian, among others. In these languages, voiced obstruents in the syllable coda or at the end of a word become voiceless.
Sound change.
Voicing of initial letter is a process of historical sound change where voiceless consonants become voiced at the beginning of a word. For example, modern German , Yiddish , and Dutch (all "say") all begin with , which derives from in an earlier stage of Germanic, as still attested in English "say", Swedish , and Icelandic . Some English dialects were affected by this as well, but it is rare in Modern English. One example is "fox" (with the original consonant) compared to "vixen" (with a voiced consonant).

</doc>
<doc id="19531074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531074" title="Cordy Milne">
Cordy Milne

Cordy Milne (April 14, 1914 – 15 October 1978) was an American international motorcycle speedway rider who finished third in the 1937 Speedway World Championship final, behind his brother Jack and second placed Wilbur Lamoreaux. All three riders came from Pasadena, California.
Early life.
Milne was born in Buffalo, New York, but his family moved to Pasadena, California, while he was still young. Whilst working as a messenger deliver boy for Western Union he saved his money and bought a motorcycle, converting it to a speedway bike. 
By the early 1930s, Milne had started to earn some decent money in racing. His brother Jack decided that if he and his brother raced and shared expenses, they could earn a living from the sport. Jack sold his service station and purchased a pair of Comerford-JAP Speedway racing machines from England. :0
Career.
Milne won his first American titles in 1934 and 1935. After World War II, he returned to win the U.S. title again in 1947 and 1948.
The Milne brothers were invited to England, where speedway was very popular. Cordy signed up to ride for the Hackney Wick Wolves, Jack for the New Cross Lambs. They became celebrities, appearing on trading cards and being featured in advertisements for a variety of products. He took his girlfiend, Marie Van Schaack, to England with him where they married, in July, 1936. She enjoyed her newfound fame as Cordy’s wife and loved the glamorous lifestyle. She subsequently divorced Milne and began her life as Lili St. Cyr, a world-famous burlesque artist.
Milne reached the final of the Speedway World Championship three times, never finishing lower than sixth place and was in first place after the semi-finals in 1939 when World War II broke out and the final was never run. He returned to Pasadena with his brother and opened a bicycle shop with $4,000 from their racing earnings. The business grew to include a motorcycle dealership and later the Milnes expanded to a major car dealership in the Los Angeles area.
After the war, the brothers helped revive Speedway racing in Southern California, and Milne won his last two American National titles.
In 1998, Milne was inducted into the AMA Motorcycle Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19531088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531088" title="Theodore Otis">
Theodore Otis

Theodore Otis (December 15, 1810-July 11, 1873) was an American politician, who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and the seventh Mayor of Roxbury, Massachusetts from 1859 to 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="19531092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531092" title="Epidexipteryx">
Epidexipteryx

Epidexipteryx ("display feather") is a genus of small paravian dinosaur, known from one fossil specimen in the collection of the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology in Beijing. "Epidexipteryx" represents the earliest known example of ornamental feathers in the fossil record. The type specimen is catalog number IVPP V 15471. It has been reported to be a maniraptoran dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic or Upper Jurassic age Daohugou Beds of Inner Mongolia, China (about 160 or 168 mya).
The specific name, "Epidexipteryx hui" ("Hu's display feather"), and its Chinese name Hushi Yaolong ("Hu Yaoming's dragon") were coined in memory of paleomammologist Hu Yaoming.
History of publication.
Due to a pre-publication error, a manuscript of the "Epidexipteryx hui" description first appeared on a preprint Web portal in late September, 2008. The paper was officially published in the October 23rd, 2008, issue of the journal "Nature".
Taxonomy and systematics.
The exact phylogenetic position of "Epidexipteryx" within Paraves is uncertain. The phylogenetic analysis conducted by the authors of its description recovered it as a member of the family Scansoriopterygidae and as a basal member of the clade Avialae; this was confirmed by the subsequent analysis conducted by Hu "et al." (2009). A later analysis conducted by Agnolín and Novas (2011) confirmed it to be a scansoriopterygid, but recovered a different phylogenetic position of this family: Scansoriopterygidae was recovered in polytomy with the family Alvarezsauridae and the clade Eumaniraptora (containing the clades Avialae and Deinonychosauria). Turner, Makovicky and Norell (2012) included "Epidexipteryx" but not "Scansoriopteryx"/"Epidendrosaurus" in their primary phylogenetic analysis, as a full-grown specimen is known only of the former taxon; regarding "Scansoriopteryx"/"Epidendrosaurus", the authors were worried that including it in the primary analysis would be problematic, because it is only known from juvenile specimens, which "do not necessarily preserve all the adult morphology needed to accurately place a taxon phylogenetically" (Turner, Makovicky and Norell 2012, p. 89). "Epidexipteryx" was recovered as basal paravian that didn't belong to Eumaniraptora. The authors did note that its phylogenetic position is unstable; constraining "Epidexipteryx hui" as a basal avialan required two additional steps compared to the most parsimonious solution, while constraining it as a basal member of Oviraptorosauria required only one additional step. A separate exploratory analysis included "Scansoriopteryx"/"Epidendrosaurus", which was recovered as a basal member of Avialae; the authors noted that it did not clade with "Epidexipteryx", which stayed outside Eumaniraptora. Constraining the monophyly of Scansoriopterygidae required four additional steps and moved "Epidexipteryx" into Avialae. A monophyletic Scansoriopterygidae was recovered by Godefroit "et al." (2013); the authors found scansoriopterygids to be basalmost members of Paraves and the sister group to the clade containing Avialae and Deinonychosauria. Agnolín and Novas (2013) recovered monophyletic Scansoriopterygidae as well, but found them to be non-paravian maniraptorans and the sister group to Oviraptorosauria.
Description.
It is known from a well preserved partial skeleton that includes four long feathers on the tail, composed of a central rachis and vanes. However, unlike in modern-style rectrices (tail feathers), the vanes were not branched into individual filaments but made up of a single ribbon-like sheet. "Epidexipteryx" also preserved a covering of simpler body feathers, composed of parallel barbs as in more primitive feathered dinosaurs. However, the body feathers of "Epidexipteryx" are unique in that some appear to arise from a "membranous structure" at the base of each feather. It has been suggested that this may represent a stage in the evolution of the feather.
In all, the skeleton of "Epidexipteryx hui" measures 25 centimeters (10 inches) in length (44.5 cm or 17.5 in including the incomplete tail feathers), and the authors estimated a weight of 164 grams, smaller than most other basal avialans.
The skull of "Epidexipteryx" is also unique in a number of features, and bears an overall similarity to the skull of "Sapeornis", oviraptorosaurs and, to a lesser extent, therizinosauroids. It had teeth only in the front of the jaws, with unusually long front teeth angled forward, a feature only seen in "Masiakasaurus" among other theropods. The rest of the skeleton bore an overall similarity to the possibly closely related "Scansoriopteryx", including a hip configuration unusual among other dinosaurs: the pubis was shorter than the ischium, and the ischium itself was expanded towards the tip. The tail of "Epidexipteryx" also bore unusual vertebrae towards the tip which resembled the feather-anchoring pygostyle of modern birds and some oviraptorosaurs.
"Epidexipteryx" appears to have lacked remiges (wing feathers), and it likely could not fly. Zhang "et al." suggest that unless "Epidexipteryx" evolved from flying ancestors and subsequently lost its wings, this may indicate that advanced display feathers on the tail may have predated flying or gliding flight.

</doc>
<doc id="19531097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531097" title="Tatiana Capote">
Tatiana Capote

Tatiana Capote Abdel (born August 15, 1962 in Havana, Cuba) is a Venezuelan telenovela Icon and former beauty queen.
Miss World.
She grew up in Caracas, Venezuela and became the official representative of Venezuela to the 1979 Miss World pageant held in London, United Kingdom on November 15, 1979. 
When competing at the Miss World 1979, Capote popped out of her swimsuit during a preview of the final judging. A pageant official hastily adjusted her swimsuit.

</doc>
<doc id="19531114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531114" title="Pool of Raranj">
Pool of Raranj

The Pool of Raranj is a small pool on the Temple Mount near the Fountain of Qasim Pasha. It was restored during the reign of Sultan al-Ashraf Qait Bey and again in 1527 by Qasim Pasha the Governor of Jerusalem. In 1922, the Supreme Muslim Council reconstructed the pool, paved it with marble and encircled it with banisters. The pool is seven metres wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19531154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531154" title="Patricia Tóffoli">
Patricia Tóffoli

Katty Patricia Tóffoli Andrade is a pageant titleholder, was born in Caracas, Venezuela on October 7, 1960. She was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss World 1978 pageant held in London, United Kingdom on November 16, 1978, when she classified in the Top 15 semifinalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19531200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531200" title="George Lewis (politician)">
George Lewis (politician)

George Lewis was an American politician, who served as the ninth, and final, Mayor of Roxbury, Massachusetts from 1863-1867. Lewis was born in Roxbury to Eliajh Lewis and Elizabeth Sumner (Doggetrt) Lewis. 
Lewis was first elected mayor in the election of December 8, 1862. Lewis defeated his opponent S. U. Williams by about 300 votes. Pursuant to Roxbury city charter, Lewis was sworn into office on the first Monday of the new year, January 5, 1863. Lewis' was mayor until the City of Roxbury was formerly annexed by the City of Boston on January 5, 1867.

</doc>
<doc id="19531205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531205" title="Art Style">
Art Style

Art Style is a video game series created by skip Ltd. for WiiWare and DSiWare. The first game in the "Art Style" series, "Orbient", was released for WiiWare in September 2008. Another two "Art Style" games, "Cubello" and "Rotohex", were released during October 2008 while two more were added in 2010. Seven DSiWare "Art Style" games were released on that service after its launch in Japan in December 2008, with the first two being "Aquario" and "Decode".
According to Nintendo, games in the "Art Style" series emphasize "elegant design, polished graphics, and pick-up-and-play controls" that create "an experience focused purely on fun and engaging game play." WiiWare titles released in the series cost 600 Nintendo Points, while DSiWare titles cost 500 points.
Art Style was preceded by a series of seven similarly simple games for the Game Boy Advance called bit Generations. The bit Generations series came late in the life of the system and was subsequently never released in Western territories, however some of those games have since been released as Art Style games.

</doc>
<doc id="19531206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531206" title="1989 Winchester 400">
1989 Winchester 400

The twentieth annual Winchester 400 motor race (run yearly since 1970) was held under American Speed Association sanction on October 1, 1989, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
Butch Miller led on three separate occasions to win his second Winchester 400 in three years. The two-time defending ASA National Champion passed Dave Jackson on lap 253 and then cruised to his seventh ASA victory of th3 1989 season on the 20th running of the fall classic.
The race.
Kenny Wallace was the fastest of 34 qualifiers who attempted to earn a starting spot in the 30-car field. Wallace, in the Raven Boats Pontiac, darted into the early lead and controlled much of the early portion of the race. A multi-car pileup happened on lap 71 when Bruce VanderLaan, Bobby Dotter and Todd Forbes came together. Miller grabbed his first lead of the race on lap 80 by passing Wallace. Bob Senneker and Harold Fair would trade the lead several times in the first half of the even while Wallace would retire on lap 126. Running near the lead, two-time winner Mike Eddy experienced mechanical problems when his Howe Racing Enterprises Buick began trailing white smoke on lap 138. Although able to return to the race, Eddy lost 28 laps replacing a broken shock.
With Eddy in the pits, Miller took the lead from Fair on lap 163. Dave Jackson then took a turn at the front when he made the pass for the lead on lap 236. After dropping back a few spots, Miller leaped from third to the lead all on lap 253 and then dominated the remaining circuits of the 400-lap race. Jackson’s strong run came to an abrupt halt when he lost an engine and pounded the fourth turn wall with 27 laps to go. Miller collected $10,150 for the win. Ted Musgrave backed up his 1988 win by finishing second. Tony Raines placed third with Fair, and Glenn Allen, Jr. rounding out the top-five.

</doc>
<doc id="19531238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531238" title="Steve Eaves">
Steve Eaves

Steve Eaves is a poet, songwriter and singer, working in Welsh. Born in 1952, in Stoke-on-Trent, England, he has lived for most of his life in the Bangor area of North Wales. He has been a performing musician for over 40 years. During the late 1960s and early 1970s he worked as a labourer and musician, with frequent forays to Chester, Crewe and other locations to perform at folk clubs and underground venues of the period. He also performed at the now legendary Les Cousins folk club in Soho, sharing the floor spot with legendary blues singer Jo Ann Kelly. He also performed with various 'underground' luminaries of the time such as Al Stewart, Tea and Symphony, and the Sutherland Brothers.
During the mid-1970s, he became a student of Welsh and French at the University of Lampeter and gained literacy skills in Welsh. He came to prominence in the early 1980s, with the publication of two volumes of poetry - mainly written in free verse - "Noethni" in 1983 and "Jazz yn y nos" three years later. In the same period, he began to apply his poetry to music, performing as a singer and guitarist, initially with his "Triawd" (Trio), which evolved into his current backing group, "Rhai Pobl" (Some People). The influence of the Blues is very significant in both his poetic and musical style. Jazz, folk and rock are also cited as musical influences. Allusions to Christianity and Taoism beliefs are seen in his lyrics.
Eaves eldest daughter, Lleuwen, is an accomplished jazz singer and musician. His youngest daughter, Manon Steffan Ros, is the author of three novels. She is twice winner of the Drama Medal for playwrights at the National Eisteddfod of Wales. On 7 June 2012 she won her second Tir na n-Og Award, primary school category, by which the Welsh Books Council honours the year's best Welsh-language book.
Eaves also works as a language planning consultant.

</doc>
<doc id="19531262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531262" title="Quixinge, Angola">
Quixinge, Angola

Quixinge is a town in Angola
Transport.
It is served by an extension of a branch railway of the northern railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19531277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531277" title="New South Wales Z25 class locomotive">
New South Wales Z25 class locomotive

The Z25 class (formally B.205 class) was a class of 2-6-0 wheel arrangement steam locomotives built by Beyer, Peacock & Co. for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
Design.
In the late 1870s, only 11 of the 82 goods locomotives in service on the Southern and Western lines of the New South Wales Government Railways had a leading truck. The balance had a wheel arrangement of 0-6-0. To provide a more suitable locomotive for use over the 8 chain (161 m) radius curves of the Blue Mountains line, it was decided to incorporate a Bissell pony truck on an improved version of the A93 class.
Beyer, Peacock and Company prepared a design which was considered to be in advance of British contemporary practice. The first twenty 205 class entered service in 1882.
In service.
The new engines were found to be more sluggish than the 93 class when getting away with a load, but pulled decidedly better when running tender first. Following tests on the Blue Mountains, Commissioner Goodchap recommended the installation of 50 ft. (15.25 m) turntables at Sydney, Bathurst and Goulburn which were required to turn the new locomotives. Four were allocated to the then isolated Northern network.
At that time, there were thirty 93 class locomotives on order. As Locomotive Engineer W. Scott considered the new 205 class better suited to his requirements, the order was amended to thirty 205 class locomotives, but with some minor improvements. These entered service in 1883/84, eight being allocated to Northern network.
Both batches were found to be prone to slipping and additional weight was necessary to be added to the driving wheels.
A further twenty locomotives arrived in 1885, five of which going to the Northern system. This last batch had cabs with steel cutaway sides, an improvement on the open cabs of the earlier batches.
In the late 1880s the class were based at Sydney, Goulburn, Penrith, Bathurst, Newcastle, Murrurundi and Armidale.
From February 1901, all of the class were fitted with larger Belpaire boilers which increased their weight and also increased the heating surface, matters identified as deficient in William Thow’s Report of 1889. At the same time, wooden cabs replaced the open cabs of the earlier batches.
With the arrival of the T524 class locomotives in 1896, main line work began to be assigned to these newer classes and the 205 class were relegated to lighter branch lines.
During the years of the Great Depression, many of these locomotives fell into derelict condition after becoming due for overhaul. Some were used during the load testing of the Sydney Harbour Bridge in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="19531283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531283" title="VFA-204">
VFA-204

Strike Fighter Squadron 204 (VFA-204), also known as the "River Rattlers", is a U.S. Navy Reserve strike fighter squadron flying the F/A-18A+. The squadron is based out of Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans and is part of the United States Navy Reserve's Tactical Support Wing. Their radio callsign is "River" and their tail code is "AF".
Squadron insignia and nickname.
The squadron’s insignia and nickname "River Rattlers" were approved by Chief of Naval Operations on 31 August 1970.
History.
Strike Fighter Squadron 204 was originally commissioned as Attack Squadron 204 flying A-4C Skyhawks at NAS Memphis, Tennessee on July 1, 1970. Shortly after transitioning to the A-4E Skyhawk in 1971, the squadron deployed for two weeks with
Carrier Air Wing Reserve 20 embarked on the , a Naval Reserve first.
1970s.
The squadron was established as Attack Squadron TWO HUNDRED FOUR (VA-204) on 1 July 1970 at NAS Memphis, flying the A-4C and A-4L Skyhawk as part of a reorganization intended to increase the combat readiness of the Naval Air Reserve Force. The squadron was assigned to Carrier Air Wing (Reserve) TWENTY (CVWR-20).
VFA-204 began its long list of tactical accomplishments by winning back to back CVWR-20 Bombing Derbies in 1971 and 1972. In May 1972, the squadron participated in exercise Exotic Dancer V, designed to test multiservice operations under a unified command organization. VA-204 received the CNO annual Safety Award for 1973. The award represented over 5,000 hours of accident free flying for the year. In 1975, the River Rattlers won the F. Trubee Davison Award as the "Best Tailhook Squadron in the Naval Reserve"
The squadron was directed to cease flight operations in December 1977 and transfer all A-4 aircraft in custody. In complying with that directive, VA-204 closed the final chapter in the United States Navy's single seat Skyhawk attack aviation era. In March 1978, the squadron moved from NAS Memphis to NAS New Orleans and began receiving A-7B aircraft. With transition and relocation complete, VA-204 began establishing enviable records of operational readiness and safety. In 1979 the squadron deployed to MCAS Yuma, Arizona, NAS Fallon, Nevada, and embarked on .
1980s.
The pace increased in 1980 with numerous deployments ranging from Exercise Safe Passage, a combined NATO forces exercise conducted near NAS Bermuda in the Western Atlantic, to deachments at NAS Fallon. VA-204 again was selected as the winner of the CNO Safety Award for 1980.
The squadron earned the CNO Safety Award again in 1982 and 1983, and was nominated for the Noel Davis (Battle "E") in 1983. The tradition of excellence continued in 1984 by winning the CVWR-20 Golden Wrench Award and the Battle "E".
With transition from the A-7B to the A-7E completed in 1986, the next four years saw the River Rattlers establish a high level of tactics and excellence in the Corsair II. During this period, the squadron completed seven weapons detachments, three carrier qualification evolutions, air wing active duty to NAS Fallon and embarkation the and .
1990s.
VA-204 transitioned to the FA-18A Hornet in April 1991 and was redesignated Strike Fighter Squadron TWO HUNDRED FOUR (VFA-204) on 1 May 1991. 
In 1992, the squadron conducted numerous detachments to NAS Cecil Field, Florida; NAS Fallon, Nevada; and NAS Key West, Florida. In June the same year, the River Rattlers led an air wing mine warfare exercise. In November the squadron qualified 16 pilots aboard . 
The squadron officially completed its transition to the F/A-18 Hornet in March 1993, and the next month began initial adversary training at NAS Oceana, VA. In October the squadron became the first Reserve Strike Fighter Squadron to provide adversary support to the active duty fleet during a one week detachment to NAS Key West. In 1993, VFA-204 received its sixth CNO Safety Award, completing 13 years and 50,000 Class-A mishap free flight hours. 
In December 1994, the squadron conducted carrier qualification aboard the and ended the year by winning its second Battle "E". In addition, the squadron received their second F. Trubee Davison Award as 'Best Tailhook Squadron in the Naval Reserve'.
The Navy and Marine Corps Meritorious Unit Commendation was awarded to the squadron in 1995 for its successful transition from the A-7E to the F/A-18. In a February detachment to NAS Fallon, VFA-204 expended a record 302 tons of ordnance, smashing the squadron's old record of 128 tons delivered at Fallon in 1993.
During the summer of 1996, the squadron embarked in then what was the Navy's newest carrier, . This highly successful detachment included the first ever night cyclic operations for the River Rattlers and another live fire missile exercise in the Virginia operations area.
2000s.
With the disestanblishment of CVWR-20, VFA-204 continues to provide Fleet services as part of the Tactical Support Wing.
In Popular Culture.
VFA-204 made several appearances in the 2003 film Tears of the Sun starring Bruce Willis. In the film, the squadron flies several F/A-18A Hornets from the USS Harry S. Truman (CVN-75) alongside several SH-60B Seahawk helicopters from HSL-37 stationed in Hawaii. The weapons seen being fired during the film were also done with special effects and pyrotechnics, not actual AGM-84E SLAM Standoff Land Attack Missiles.

</doc>
<doc id="19531299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531299" title="KQIQ">
KQIQ

KQIQ (88.3 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to Beatrice, Nebraska, USA. The station is owned by My Bridge Radio.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19531312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531312" title="Anthony K. Roberts">
Anthony K. Roberts

Anthony Kalani Roberts (July 14, 1939 – March 21, 2005), also known as "Kal Roberts", was an American actor and photographer who won a Pulitzer Prize for photojournalism in 1974.
Biography.
Born into a Navy family in Honolulu, Hawaii, Roberts spent his teenage years in Southern California. There, his activities as a surfer and hot rod racer brought him to the attention of Hollywood, where his dark looks and natural athleticism won him work in commercials and as an advertising model. Yet his acting career stalled after a single film in 1965, only to be resumed 20 years later in character roles. In the interim he won considerable acclaim as a photographer, garnering the profession's top awards and producing both serious photojournalism and popular images of celebrities.
Long a fixture of the music and video scene in Nashville, Tennessee, he died of prostate cancer in Phoenix, Arizona at the age of 65.
As an actor.
Roberts was cast to type as a surfer in his film debut, playing the role of "Brad" in "The Beach Girls and the Monster" (subsequently also marketed as "Monster from the Surf" and "Surf Terror"). Later hailed as a campy "laugh riot with lots of bongos, murders and girls in bikinis,", the film, starring Jon Hall and featuring a surf music soundtrack by Frank Sinatra, Jr., was notably affected by budget limitations, and in post-production Roberts' dialogue was hurriedly overdubbed by another actor, obliterating the distinctive baritone that would become a hallmark of later performances. Roberts was inactive as a performer for the next twenty years, working instead as a photographer. In 1986, when commissioned to take still photographs of the remake of the 1939 John Wayne film, "Stagecoach", he was recruited by director Ted Post to play the role of the outlaw Hank Plummer. The mature Roberts now projected a persona evocative of the Old West, with an imposing beard and patriarchal demeanor. He went on to play a similar role in the Johnny Cash and Kris Kristofferson vehicle, "The Last Days of Frank and Jesse James", and in several music videos.
As photojournalist.
Taking up freelance photography as a profession, Roberts was carrying his camera in 1973 when he encountered a man attempting to abduct a woman from a Hollywood parking lot in broad daylight. Brandishing and clicking the camera in an attempt to deter the assailant, he captured the struggle and subsequent fatal shooting of the attacker by a security guard. The resulting series of pictures ran in the following day's "Los Angeles Times", and were carried by the Associated Press, which nominated them for the 1974 Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography. The series, entitled "Fatal Hollywood Drama" won not only the Pulitzer but the Sigma Delta Chi Award, given by the Society of Professional Journalists.
Family.
Roberts was married to Gloria Neil, his co-star on "The Beach Girls and the Monster", from 1960 until his death. Their daughter Moana Roberts, also a photographer, now serves as the official archivist of his work. Their son, Jason Roberts, is a writer of fiction and nonfiction.

</doc>
<doc id="19531343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531343" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 5000 metres T54">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 5000 metres T54

The Men's 5,000m T54 had its First Round held on September 8 at 19:18 and its Final on September 11 at 19:35.

</doc>
<doc id="19531349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531349" title="Athletics at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Athletics at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Athletics were contested at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games in Mecca, Saudi Arabia from April 12 to April 16, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19531389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531389" title="Cornelius V. Clickener">
Cornelius V. Clickener

Cornelius V. Clickener (circa 1817 – February 17, 1864) was the first Mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey, serving from 1855 to 1857.
Biography.
He had a business in New York which in 1852 obtained the rights to sell "Dalley's magical pain extractor", a medicated ointment.
Clickener served as director of the Columbia Fire Insurance Company in New York City. In 1855, he spearheaded the effort to incorporate Hoboken as a city. Hoboken residents approved the city charter by a vote of 237 to 185 on March 28, 1855. Clickener was elected as the first mayor on April 10, 1855.
In 1856, Clickener was appointed as Bank Commissioner for the State of New Jersey by Governor Rodman M. Price. He was defeated for re-election for mayor in 1857. A Democrat, he served as a member of the New Jersey Senate from Hudson County from 1857 to 1859.
Clickener died at the age of 46 on February 17, 1864. He was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19531405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531405" title="Diary of a Mad Dog">
Diary of a Mad Dog

Diary of a Mad Dog is the solo debut album of Sen Dog which was released September 30, 2008 via indie label Suburban Noize Records.
Making of the album.
According to the rapper, it is his most personal music creation to date. The albums touches various topics including his gang affiliations in his early life, and a mild heart attack, which he suffered during the making of the album.
"I've done the whole dark, morbid thing and the whole rock n' roll crossover thing. I'm not going to have an agenda on this; I’m going to jam and record whatever is fun to me. With Cypress Hill I'm working with B-Real and DJ Muggs, but with my solo material, it's a bit more of a challenge and more rewarding for me as a songwriter when I come up with tracks and they sound banging."
The album features guest appearances from Tangled Thoughts, DJ Ace, and even his Cypress Hill partner B-Real. A few Promotional Tracks were leaked online featuring Ice Cube, Snoop Dogg, and The Game.

</doc>
<doc id="19531441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531441" title="NGC 6866">
NGC 6866

NGC 6866 is an open cluster in the constellation Cygnus. It was discovered by Caroline Herschel on 23 July 1783. 

</doc>
<doc id="19531529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531529" title="The Alliance for College-Ready Public Schools">
The Alliance for College-Ready Public Schools

Alliance College-Ready Public Schools is a nonprofit group which operates charter schools in Los Angeles. It currently operates 11 schools, 8 High Schools and 3 Middle Schools.
Governance.
Alliance College-Ready Public Schools is based at the Frank E. Baxter Education Complex (next to Gertz-Ressler High School and on the east end of Richard Merkin Middle School). It is governed by a board of 27 directors. They include Richard Riordan, Chairman, and Harold Williams, Vice Chair.
Schools.
Alliance College-Ready Public Schools currently operates 11 schools. They are:
1. Gertz-Ressler High School
2. Heritage College-Ready Academy High School
3. Huntington Park College-Ready Academy High School
4. College-Ready Academy High School #4
5. College-Ready Academy High School #5
6. William & Carol Ouchi High School
7. College-Ready Academy High School #7
8. Marc and Eva Stern Math and Science School
-and-
1. Richard Merkin Middle School
2. Jack H. Skirball Middle School (formerly College-Ready Middle Academy #2)
3. College-Ready Middle Academy #3

</doc>
<doc id="19531577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531577" title="J-League Winning Eleven 2008 Club Championship">
J-League Winning Eleven 2008 Club Championship

J-League Winning Eleven 2008 Club Championship is the latest edition to the Winning Eleven J-League series. This game is an update to the J-League Winning Eleven 2007 Club Championship and the game was only released in Japan. The game only features club teams and include all teams from J-League.

</doc>
<doc id="19531580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531580" title="Udoji United F.C.">
Udoji United F.C.

Udoji United was a Nigerian football team founded in 1990 in Enugu before moving to Awka in 1993. It was owned by Oscar Udoji, Owner and CEO of Solgas Petroleum Limited and Superior Motors Limited and son of former businessman/administrator Chief Jerome Oputa Udoji.
After their first season in 1991, they won promotion to the Nigeria Premier League. The team won the title in 1996, thus becoming the Nigerian representative in the CAF Champions League's debut in 1997. They were demoted after the 1998 season but won promotion back to the top league the next season after winning the Division. They however were demoted back after the 2000 season by one point and soon disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="19531621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531621" title="Amaze Your Friends">
Amaze Your Friends

Amaze Your Friends is a 1998 Ned Kelly Award-winning novel by Australian author Peter Doyle.

</doc>
<doc id="19531672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531672" title="Charlie Greer (American football)">
Charlie Greer (American football)

Charles Anthony "Charlie" Greer (April 4, 1946December 12, 1999) was an American football defensive back in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the 13th round of the 1968 NFL Draft. He played college football at Colorado. U.S. Army basic training at Ft. Gordon, GA, June - July 1969

</doc>
<doc id="19531673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531673" title="Arvind Gaur">
Arvind Gaur

Arvind Gaur ( अरविन्द गौड़ ), Indian theatre director, is known for his work in innovative, socially and politically relevant theatre. Gaur's plays are contemporary and thought-provoking, connecting intimate personal spheres of existence to larger social political issues. His work deals with Internet censorship, communalism, caste issues, feudalism, domestic violence, crimes of state, politics of power, violence, injustice, social discrimination, marginalisation, and racism. Arvind is the leader of Asmita, Delhi's "most prolific theatre group", and is an actor trainer, social activist, street theatre worker and story teller.
Gaur was the recipient of a research fellowship awarded by the Ministry of Human Resource Development (India) (1997–98). He was on the guest faculty of Delhi University for Theatre in education program for three years. He has conducted many theatre workshops and performed in colleges, institutions, universities and schools in India and abroad.
He has organized theatre workshops for children in schools and slums as well as street theatre performances on socio-political issues. He has directed more than 60 stage plays over two decades.
Personal life.
He was born on 2 February 1963 in Delhi. Arvind’s father Shri Shiva Nandan Sharma (died on 16.04.09) was a Maths scholar and his mother Saraswati Devi is a housewife. He has one brother, Anil Gaur, and three sisters: Shashi Prabha, late Mithlesh and Dr. Anita Gaur. His wife Dr. Sangeeta Gaur is a very talented vocalist, composer and music director. He has twin daughters Kakoli and Saveree.
Theatre career.
After completing his schooling from Model School, Vivek Vihar in Delhi, he decided to study engineering in Electronic Communication. Later, he joined the Delhi Public Library drama group. In DPL He acted in and directed plays. Then he worked with slum kids and industrial labourers for some time and conducted workshops for them. His first street play was with Zakir Hussein College, called "Videshi Aya". It became very popular and he staged it around 200 schools. After this, his desire to express led him to journalism. He worked with the "Navbharat Times" newspaper as culture columnist for about four years.
Watching plays, reading about them and writing about them is how his training in theatre started. He then shifted to Press Trust of India (PTI-TV). He was associated with TV serial "Tana-Bana". He was in charge of the research and programming there. All through his years with street theatre, print and television, Gaur had developed keen interest in direction. Finally, after devoting two years to PTI-TV, he felt the urge to switch to theatre completely.
Theatre journey.
Arvind's debut play was Bhisham Sahni's "Hanoosh" (February, 1993). He started his theatre journey with classics like "Tughlaq", "Andha Yug", "Caligula", "Julius Caesar", etc. 
He performed Girish Karnad's "Tughlaq" in a small basement theatre (SRC). It was a huge success. His "Tughlaq" was selected as "the best play of the year 1994" by Sahitya Kala Parishad. He achieved greater heights during a decade in theatre. He trained actors in his own style. He trained them as a complete theatre person. Arvind Gaur also collaborated with theatre artists and groups specially in exploring a new language for solo performances.
Major directions.
Street plays.
Gaur directed more than 40 street theatre performances on socio-political issues. He has always raised voice against any socio-political issue that effects the common public. He directed street plays like "Corruption", "Garbage", "Road Rage", and "Dastak" which is against the issue of eve teasing. His street plays are always thought-provoking and leave a huge mark on the mindset. He and his team performs socio-political street plays all across Delhi/NCR and the country. He is regarded as a man with a message who believes that change can start from society, if we wish to start the change.
Translation and Scripting.
Scripts.
He scripted plays like Untitled, Gandhari, I will not Cry, Bitter Chocolate (based on Pinki Virani's book), Madhavi solo play (based on Bhisham Sahni's play) and many street plays for Asmita Theatre.
Major actors.
Major cinema and theatre actors who trained under Arvind Gaur are Kangana Ranaut,Deepak Dobriyal, Manu Rishi, Shilpa Shukla, Rashi Bunny, Sheena Chohan, Aishveryaa Nidhi, Shilpi Marwaha, Tillotama Shome, Imran Zahid, Seema Azmi etc. Sonam Kapoor attended Gaur's acting workshop to learn the nuances of street theatre for her film "Raanjhanaa".
Other prominent theatre actors who worked with him are Mallika Sarabhai, Piyush Mishra, Lushin Dubey, Bubbles Sabharwal, Ruth Sheard, Jaimini Kumar, etc.
Designs.
Arvind Gaur designs lights for Naya Theatre group's major productions under the direction of Padma Shri Habib Tanvir. Gaur also assisted Shri Habib Tanvir during the Prithvi Theatre Festival. He designs lights for Agra Bazar (Nazir Akbarabadi's poetry), Charandas Chor (his masterpiece play, Edinburgh Fringe Award), Asghar Wajahat’s Jis Lahore Nai Dekhya, Kamdeo ka Apna Basant Ritu ka Sapna (Habib Tanvir's adaptation of Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream), Canadian-Indian playwright Rahul Varma's Zahreeli Hawa and Gaon ke naon Sasural, mor naon Damand.

</doc>
<doc id="19531674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531674" title="Lax Ksiluux, British Columbia">
Lax Ksiluux, British Columbia

Lax Ksiluux is the name of a former First Nations community in northwestern British Columbia, Canada. It existed on the south side of the Nass River near a creek known as Ts'oohl Ts'ap.
Lax Ksiluux was in existence prior to the eruption of Tseax Cone in the 18th century which buried the community with thick lava flows along with the nearby community of Wii Lax K'abit.

</doc>
<doc id="19531727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531727" title="Soulages">
Soulages

Soulages may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19531744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531744" title="Brinelling">
Brinelling

Brinelling is the permanent indentation of a hard surface. It is named after the Brinell scale of hardness, in which a small ball is pushed against a hard surface at a preset level of force, and the depth and diameter of the mark indicates the Brinell hardness of the surface. Brinelling is a process of wear in which similar marks are pressed into the surface of a moving part, such as bearings or hydraulic pistons. The brinelling is usually undesirable, as the parts often mate with other parts in very close proximity. The very small indentations can quickly lead to improper operation, like chattering or excess vibration, which in turn can accelerate other forms of wear, such as spalling and galling.
Introduction.
Brinelling is a material surface failure caused by Hertz contact stress that exceeds the material limit. It usually occurs in situations where there is a load with a lot of force that is distributed over a relatively small surface area. This failure is caused by just one application of a load great enough to exceed the material limit. Brinelling typically results from a heavy or repeated impact load, either while stopped or during rotation. It can also occur from a heavy load remaining on the bearing for a length of time in a stopped position. The result is a permanent dent or "brinell mark." In bearings, the brinell marks will often be in evenly-spaced patterns along the races, resembling the primary elements of the bearing, such as rows of indented lines for needle or roller bearings or rounded indentations in ball bearings. It is a common cause of roller bearing failures, and loss of preload in bolted joints when a hardened washer is not used.
Avoiding brinelling damage.
Engineers can use the Brinell hardness of materials in their calculations to avoid this mode of failure. A rolling element bearing's static load rating is defined to avoid this failure type. Increasing the number of elements can provide better distribution of the load, so bearings intended for a large load may have many balls, or use needles instead. This decreases the chances of brinelling, but increases friction and other factors. However, although roller and ball bearings work well for radial and thrust loading, they are often be prone to brinelling when very high impact loading, lateral loading, or vibration are experienced. Babbitt bearings or bronze bushings are often used instead of roller bearings in applications where such loads exist, such as in automotive crankshafts or pulley sheaves, to decrease the possibility of brinelling by distributing the force over a very large surface area.
A common cause of brinelling is the use of improper installation procedures. Brinelling often occurs when pressing bearings into holes or onto shafts. Care must usually be taken to ensure that pressure is applied to the proper bearing race to avoid transferring the pressure from one race to the other through the balls or rollers. If pressing force is applied to the wrong race, brinelling can occur to either or both of the races. The act of pressing or clamping can also leave brinell marks, especially if the vise or press has serrated jaws or roughened surfaces. Flat pressing plates are often used in the pressing of brearings, while soft copper, brass, or aluminum jaw covers are often used in vises to help avoid brinell marks from being forced into the workpiece.
False brinelling.
A similar-looking kind of damage is called false brinelling and is caused by fretting wear. This occurs when contacting bodies vibrate against each other in the presence of very small loads, which pushes lubricant out of the contact surface area, and the bearing assembly can not move far enough to redistribute the displaced lubricant. The result is a finely polished surface that resembles a brinell mark, but has not permanently deformed either contacting surface. This type of false brinelling usually occurs in bearings during transportation, between the time of manufacture and installation. The polished surfaces are often mistaken for brinelling, although no actual damage to the bearing exists. The false brinelling will disappear after a short break-in period of operation.
Fretting wear can also occur during operation, causing deeper indentations. This occurs when small vibrations form in the rotating shaft and become harmonically in sync with the speed of rotation, causing circular oscillations in the shaft. The oscillation causes the shaft to move in precession, and the timing of the rotation speed causes the balls or rollers to contact the races only when they are in similar positions. This forms wear marks caused by contact with the bearings and the races in specific areas, but not in others, leaving an uneven wear-pattern that resembles brinneling. However, the marks are usually too wide and do not exactly match the shape of the bearing, and therefore this type of wear can be differentiated from true brinelling.

</doc>
<doc id="19531752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531752" title="List of Mackay suburbs">
List of Mackay suburbs

The list of Mackay suburbs in northern Queensland, Australia, includes the following suburbs:
Dumbleton

</doc>
<doc id="19531766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531766" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's marathon T54">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's marathon T54

The Men's Marathon T54 had its Final on September 17 at 7:30.

</doc>
<doc id="19531767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531767" title="Victoria Marks">
Victoria Marks

Victoria Marks (born 1954) is a professor of choreography in the Department of World Arts and Cultures at UCLA, where she has been teaching since 1995. Before taking her post at UCLA she lived in London, where for three and a half years she worked on her own choreographic projects and served as head of choreography at London Contemporary Dance School, a conservatory for the training of professional dance artists in Europe. She led her own dance company, the "Victoria Marks Performance Company" in the 1980s.
In the 1980s and early 1990s, Marks started the Victoria Marks Performance Company in New York. In 1987 and 1988 she went to London on a Fulbright Fellowship in choreography. She returned to London again in 1992 to run the choreography program at the London School of Contemporary Dance where she began making works for individual artists. Marks began her work with mixed-ability dancers in 1992 when Margaret Williams asked her to create a dance for the camera with the mixed-ability company CandoCo. Marks hoped to change the audiences view of disabilities by portraying them as sexy, smart, funny, and powerful. Marks loves creating movements that communicate ideas and change peoples perspectives.
Reviews of her work.
Lewis Siegel: ("Los Angeles Times", August 6, 2005) "Victoria Marks is a spoiler, a troublemaker, a true subversive"
Sara Wolf: ("Dance Magazine", July 21-August 6, 2005) In a review of the NOW Festival, 2005 "Additional high points were Victoria Marks’ Not About Iraq and On Forgetting, companion dances that questioned the role of art during wartime. If it can accomplish anything, Marks seemed to answer, it is to expose the false sanctuary it offers."
Sara Wolf: ("LA Weekly", June 14, 2002) "Marks says her trio isn’t so much about September 11 as it is about impotence in the face of the inevitable, but the unforgettable events of that day plangently ring through the appropriately named "Against Ending’s" driven at full tilt movement. Part civic conversation and part tantrum, the piece has a scale and urgency that may surprise those more familiar with Marks’ dance films or her understated portraiture pieces, in which incremental shifts in intention (a look here, a mere twitch of a gesture there) reveal volumes. Another downtown New York choreographer who moved here sans company, Marks is one of the LA’s best-kept secrets. On one level the postmodernists’s intelligent, complex and witty work is always a statement about dance making…."
Elizabeth Zimmer: ("The Village Voice", January 17, 1996) "...A choreographer of superior intelligence, lyricism, and wit..."
Sophie Constanti: ("The Dancing Times" (U.K.), January 1994) "Marks can focus your attention ..ment alone, yet she can also show you how pure dance is unavoidably shaped by human emotion, by a particular performer, by group dynamics and by how we choose to respond to these aspects of dance, of theatre, of people."

</doc>
<doc id="19531780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531780" title="FK Plavi Dunav">
FK Plavi Dunav

FC Plavi Dunav (Hungarian: "Kék Duna LE", Serbian: ФК Плави Дунав, "FK Plavi Dunav", English: "FC Blue Danube") is a football club from Skorenovac, Vojvodina, Serbia. The club was founded in 1932.
Club history.
Plavi Dunav was founded on June 14, 1932 under the name "Székelykevei Sport Club". It was founded by former Skorenovac high school students led by Thomas and József Jung, János Hubert and Borsós József. 
A key achievement to this group's success was that they were able to obtain land for a soccer field, from an area which remained part of the school's property. The judge of the village, Janoš Selić, helped them obtain this land. After that they played their first friendly matches against teams from Ivanovo, Pločica, Mramorak and Banatski Brestovac.
President of the club was Milivoj Đurkin, Vice President Imre Dr. László, Secretary Rudolf Gerhardt, Treasurer Ferenc Kúti and Supervisor authority Antal Wintergerst.
A fan support group was immediately formed for the club. Cheerleaders, whose management structure consisted of Katalin Gerhardt, Katalin Jung, Magdolna Hügel, Mariska Hügel and Mária Golob.
The first players and members of the team during the 1930s were: Antal Fazekas, János Szirák, Stanko Erdeljan, József Borsós, János Brasnyó, József Boszilkov, Pubi Hubert, István Kiss, Imre Galac, Tamás Jung, Dezsö Kovačević, István Urbán, Imre Komáromi, János Migléci, Mile Perić, Đuro Stanisavljević and Slavko Ivkov.
Club colours.
When the club was established, it was decided that players would wear a green uniform with a white collar, white shorts and green socks. Soccer shoes were made by village shoemakers. 
The genuine club sportswear went missing during the year of 1946. This occurred when the club lent out team apparel to a neighbouring football club, after which it was never returned, or lost. As a result of this, the club was unable to participate in the 1946 Championship Season. 
The current club colors are blue and white.
Financing.
During the 1930s, the club's main finances derived from voluntary contributions, theatrical performances (which were held by the support group, cheerleaders) and various dance parties that were organized in the hall of Rozsa Wintergerst restaurant. 
After the Second World War, extra finances came from membership fees. During the year 1946, village authorities granted the club of agricultural land, which the club used as a source of income. Profits went to the club's treasury. Thanks to this financial support, the club was promoted to the South Banat League of former Yugoslavia.
Football playground.
The Club's original football grounds, which were in use from 1932 until 1970, no longer met the acceptable conditions which the football association required. The old ground was sold and a new one purchased, not far from the original location. Funding went through the club and the local community. Lumber from a forest located south of the village was sold. High quality grass from Skorenovac's meadows was also sold, to Belgrade and Split. At that time people from Skorenovac could proudly say that Yugoslavia's first division football was playing on Skorenovac's grass. At that time, arguably the best football field builder was the former, but still famous, goalkeeper of Team Yugoslavia and Red Star Belgrade, Srdjan Mrkušić. In exchange for the grass (which was used in the Red Star stadium (Marakana), and later in the stadium in Split (Hajduk, Poljud)), Mrkušić designed and constructed new football grounds for Plavi Dunav to use free of charge.
Construction of the actual field lasted for two years. Work started in 1974 and the official opening was on October 2, 1976. Plavi Dunav now had one of the best football fields in Vojvodina, with proper irrigation, drainage, excellent grass, locker rooms, bathrooms and a club restaurant.
Achievements.
Plavi Dunav greatest success was achieved in 1977 when the club was promoted to the First South Banat League after playing for two years in a bottom-ranked Local League. Similar success was achieved in 1947, when the club also reached the South Banat League.
During the 1980s and 1990s, FK Plavi Dunav went back and forth between the First and Second South Banat League. In recent years, the club plays between the First and Second South Banat League.
Some notable Plavi Dunavs guests were Red Star Belgrade, Dinamo from Pančevo, Radnički from Kovin, the guests from Alpar Hungary, Goce Delčev from Bulgaria, Forverc from Vienna and many other clubs from different parts of former Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="19531788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531788" title="Western Australian state election, 1917">
Western Australian state election, 1917

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 29 September 1917 to elect 50 members to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. The Nationalist-Country-National Labor coalition, led by Premier Sir Henry Lefroy, retained government against the Labor Party led by Opposition Leader Philip Collier. The election followed a series of major changes in the Western Australian political landscape.
Results.
As the political changes were of a nature which make direct comparison meaningless, no vote swings have been included, and seat swings indicated are those caused by the election itself, rather than a comparison with the previous election. The National Liberal grouping was not a party in its own right, but a faction within the Nationalist Party, so the Nationalist Party as a whole held 16 seats—unchanged from before the election—and attracted 34.85% of the vote.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19531789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531789" title="Moelyci (album)">
Moelyci (album)

Moelyci is a 2007 album by the poet, singer and songwriter Steve Eaves. Eaves sings and plays guitar on the album, and is backed by his long-time backing band, "Rhai Pobl". The album also features the well-known Welsh poet Gerallt Lloyd Owen reciting his poetry, accompanied by music. All the songs are sung in Welsh. The album is considered to be Eaves's way of getting to terms with the death of his wife, Siân; the title, "Moelyci" refers to the mountain where his wife's ashes were scattered:
I have been raising my eyes towards Moelyci for most of my life. (...)
By the end of the 1970s Siân and I and our first little baby were living in our Council house in Maesgeirchen. Late at night we would sit at the bottom of our stairs with the front door open and a blanket around our shoulders, talking quietly and gazing towards Moelyci and Moel Rhiwen and their dark slopes against the blue night. Rhiwlas and the slopes were calling to us.
The 80s and 90s : On the slopes of Moelyci our three children learnt to walk. And on the slopes of Moelyci, as Siân had requested, we scattered her ashes. And that's where her spirit is now, a gentle breeze in the heather and bracken, over the stones and tiny streams, moving along the paths in every season.
Band members.
Steve Eaves, Elwyn Williams, Iwan Llwyd, Gwyn "Maffia" Jones, Jackie Williams, Owen Evans, Jochen Eisentraut, Manon Steffan Ros, Steven Rees, Gwyn Evans

</doc>
<doc id="19531794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531794" title="Tony Colman">
Tony Colman

Tony Colman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19531799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531799" title="The Third (disambiguation)">
The Third (disambiguation)

The Third is a Japanese media franchise.
The Third may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19531807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531807" title="2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

The 1st Islamic Solidarity Games held in the Islamic holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia from 8-20 April, 2005 with an Olympic-style tournament aimed at showing Muslim sports prowess and featuring 6,000 athletes.
The 55-nation participated in the said Islamic Olympic Games and hosted by the Saudi cities of Mecca, Medina, Jeddah and Ta’if. 
Prince Abdel Majid Bin Abdel Aziz, the prince of Mecca, opened the games in a ceremony in which more than 2,600 students participated at King Abdul Aziz Stadium. 

</doc>
<doc id="19531815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531815" title="88th New York Infantry">
88th New York Infantry

The 88th New York Infantry was a volunteer regiment in the Union Army's Irish Brigade during the American Civil War.
History.
1861.
The regiment was mustered into service in the autumn of 1861 at Fort Schuyler in New York when the government approved the commissioning of an Irish Brigade. Its men were gathered in the states of New York and New Jersey from the various Irish masses of those states.
In the beginning, the 88th was not one regiment, but two. One regiment was originally the 2nd New York Infantry, the other, the 4th, respectively under command of a Colonel Baker and Colonel Thomas F. Meagher, future commander of the entire brigade. The two colonels finally reached an agreement that the two regiments should be combined into one. 
When the issue arose of what number the regiment would be given, many arguments began over it. The men eventually settled on the number 88, in honor of the British Army's 88th Connaught Rangers, a unit composed of Irishmen, also where many of the now American troops received their training. 
In December of that year, the unit left Fort Schuyler for Virginia. At the time of departure, the unit contained 880 men and officers. Once in Virginia, they made camp for the winter until the next year.
1862.
In 1862, the 88th officially joined the Army of the Potomac and fought in the Seven Days Battles, Antietam, and Fredericksburg.
Seven Days Battles.
The 88th fought at the battles of Gaines Mill, Glendale, Savage's Station, and Malvern Hill during the Seven Days Battles in Virginia.
Antietam.
At the Battle of Antietam, the Irish Brigade was one of the many brigades to charge the famous "Bloody Lane," a road that was sunken down into the ground over years of use, now held by two Confederate brigades. The whole Irish Brigade was armed that day with M1842 .69 caliber smoothbore muskets loaded with buck and ball. The Irish Brigade did
not break the Confederate line at the Bloody Lane, but fired round after round of the deadly buck-and-ball into the Confederate troops until exhausting their ammunition. The 88th and the rest of the Irish Brigade suffered 60% casualties that day.
Fredericksburg.
Again, the 88th New York and the Irish Brigade would storm a heavily fortified position, this time being the hills above Fredericksburg, VA, known as Marye's Heights. The brigade was led forward by Brig. Gen. Thomas Meagher and sent forth upon the Confederate works. The 88th and their fellow Irishmen were some of the men that made it closest to their objective of the Confederate works. The 88th and the brigade were sent reeling back down the hill under unspeakably devastating artillery and small-arms fire. The Battle of Fredericksburg was again a grim day for the 88th. They suffered dozens upon dozens of casualties.
1863.
By 1863, the regiments numbers had greatly decreased. The men had gone from nearly 900 men to about 50 in only two years.
Gettysburg.
At Gettysburg, the 88th fought with the rest of the Irish Brigade, at that time under the command of Patrick Kelly in the John C. Caldwell's division of Winfield Scott Hancock's II Corps. On the second day of battle, General Hancock ordered Caldwell's division to reinforce General Daniel Sickles's III Corps at the Wheatfield, Devil's Den, and the Peach Orchard. The 88th New York and the rest of the Irish Brigade took up position at the Wheatfield and held against several attacks from Confederate General James Longstreet's corps. The 88th and the rest of the brigade eventually broke, but were later considered heroes for holding for so long.
1864.
By 1864, the 88th had fought in many battles and their men were depleted. They launched a recruiting campaign that year and gained 400 more recruits.
1865.
At the end of the war in 1865, the men had mustered out. The 88th was then known as the "Wolves of the Army of the Potomac."

</doc>
<doc id="19531825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531825" title="2007 Russian Figure Skating Championships">
2007 Russian Figure Skating Championships

The 2007 Russian Figure Skating Championships () were the figure skating national championship to determine the national champions of Russia for the 2006–2007 season. Skaters competed at the senior level in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. The Juniors event was held separately. 
The competition took place between January 4 and January 7, 2007 in Moscow.
Junior results.
The 2007 Russian Junior national championships were held in Samara on February 1–4, 2007. As well as deciding the National Junior Champions of Russia for 2007, it was the qualifying event for the 2007 World Junior Figure Skating Championships. The 1st through 3rd places in men, pairs, and ice dancing qualified for the World Junior Championships. The 1st and 2nd places in ladies qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="19531839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531839" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's marathon T52">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's marathon T52

The Men's Marathon T52 had its Final on September 17 at 7:30.

</doc>
<doc id="19531846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531846" title="Catholic Digest">
Catholic Digest

Catholic Digest is an American Roman Catholic monthly magazine.
It was founded in 1936 and today circulation totals 300,000.
In December 2001, the French Roman Catholic media group Bayard Presse purchased the magazine from University of St. Thomas (Minnesota), who had owned it since 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19531940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531940" title="Avatiu">
Avatiu

Avatiu is a settlement on Rarotonga in the Cook Islands. It is located on the north coast to the west of the capital Avarua.

</doc>
<doc id="19531960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531960" title="2009 Russian Figure Skating Championships">
2009 Russian Figure Skating Championships

The 2009 Russian Figure Skating Championships () were the figure skating national championship to determine the national champions of Russia for the 2008–2009 season. Skaters competed at the senior level in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. The Juniors event was held separately.
The competition was held from December 24 to December 28, 2008 in Kazan. The winners were the 2009 Russian Champions.
Junior results.
The 2009 Russian Junior Figure Skating Championships were held between January 28 and 31, 2009 in Saransk. They were the qualifying competition for the 2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships.
International team selections.
Europeans team.
The team to the 2009 European Figure Skating Championships was announced as follows:
Winter Universiade.
The team to the 2009 Winter Universiade was announced as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19531964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531964" title="Governor of Ceylon">
Governor of Ceylon

The Governor of Ceylon can refer to historical vice-regal representatives of three colonial powers:

</doc>
<doc id="19531973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19531973" title="Nosiri Khusrav District">
Nosiri Khusrav District

Nosiri Khusrav District, sometimes Nosiri Khisrav District (, Nohiya-i Nosiri Khusrav), is located in the south-western corner of Khatlon province of Tajikistan on the Amu Darya, an enclave within the Shahrtuz district. Population 27,400 (2008 est.). Until 2004 called Beshkent District (); then renamed in honor of the 11th century Persian-Tajik poet Nosiri Khusrav (sometimes also Khisrav). The district capital is Bakhori, a village at the northernmost tip of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="19532034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532034" title="Northridge High School (Colorado)">
Northridge High School (Colorado)

Northridge High School is located in Greeley, Colorado, United States and is a part of Weld County School District 6. Northridge was established in 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="19532050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532050" title="Matavera">
Matavera

Matavera (traditionally known as Rangiatea) is the smallest of the five districts that make up the island of Rarotonga in the Cook Islands.
Matavera is located in the northeast of the island, to the east of the district of Avarua, and north of the district of Ngatangiia.
Matavera is subdivided into 5 tapere (out of 54 for Rarotonga), listed from west to east:

</doc>
<doc id="19532065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532065" title="Ben Maher">
Ben Maher

Benjamin Richard Maher MBE (born 30 January 1983 in Enfield) is a British show jumper. He represented Britain at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, 2009 European Championships, Windsor, and 2012 London Olympics. He won the team jumping gold at the London Olympics with Team GB, their first team jumping gold medal for 60 years. He also won bronze at the 2011 Europeans Championships in Madrid, Spain.
He began riding at the age of eight. Educated at Saffron Walden County High School. After finishing school he trained with Liz Edgar before travelling to Switzerland to further his education with Beat Mandli.
2005.
CSIO5* Hickstead, Great Britain: Maher won the Hickstead Derby
2008.
Ben competed at the Olympic Games with "Rolette".
2010.
CSI5*-W s'-Hertogenbosch, The Netherlands: On 26 March, Maher and "Wonderboy III" took the top spot in the feature class of the opening day. This was the 1.50m Rabobank Prijs.
CSI5*-W London Olympia, Great Britain: Ben and "Noctambule Courcelle" won the Puissance.
2011.
CSI5*-W Basel, Switzerland: "Oscar" took 4th prize in a speed-class.
CSI5*-W Zurich, Switzerland: Maher and "Robin Hood W" came 2nd in the Rolex FEI World Cup Qualifier.
CSI3* Lummen, Belgium: "Tripple X III" came 2nd. 
CES5* European Championships, Madrid, Spain: The British team of Nick Skelton ("Carlo") (1.04/0/0); Guy Williams ("Titus") (7.01)/(12)/0; Ben Maher ("Tripple X III") (2.76/4/4); and John Whitaker ("Peppermill") (5.66/4/8) took Team Bronze. Ben and "Tripple X III" also took 12th position individually. 
CSI5*-W Olympia Horse Show, London, UK: Ben and his home-bred "Tripple X III" came 1st in the Rolex FEI World Cup.
2012.
CSI5*-W Basel, Switzerland: "Tripple X III" won the feature 1m55 class on Friday night.
Won gold medal at the 2012 London Olympics for Great Britain in the Team showjumping.
Maher was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to equestrianism.
2013.
Won team gold and individual silver medals at the European Championships, riding Cella.
Won Olympia London International Horse Show Grand Prix riding "Tripple X". 

</doc>
<doc id="19532072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532072" title="Ngatangiia">
Ngatangiia

Ngatangiia is one of the five districts that make up the island of Rarotonga in the Cook Islands. It is located in the east of the island, to the south of the districts of Matavera and Avarua, and northeast of the district of Titikaveka.

</doc>
<doc id="19532082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532082" title="Lullabye (Goodnight, My Angel)">
Lullabye (Goodnight, My Angel)

"Lullabye (Goodnight, My Angel)" is the seventh track and third single from Billy Joel's 1993 album "River of Dreams". It was inspired by Alexa Ray Joel, his daughter by Christie Brinkley. The song is in the key of G major.
The song was originally written as a prelude to the song "The River of Dreams" in the style of a monophonic Gregorian chant. Joel had written English words in the chant describing a man who had lost his faith, and had then had the words translated into Latin. He changed his mind upon hearing the recording, and incorporated it into the song River of Dreams. He later removed the interlude from the final studio version of "River of Dreams", and instead wrote lyrics to the melody that reflected his sentiment toward Alexa Ray, who was a young child at the time of writing. The version of "River of Dreams" incorporating Lullabye appeared as an alternate version on the box set "My Lives", and on "An Evening of Questions and Answers...And A Little Music.
In 2004, it was announced that Billy Joel had agreed to write two children's books for Scholastic, the U.S. publisher. The first book was entitled Goodnight, My Angel (A Lullabye) and is a picture book based on the song and illustrated by Yvonne Gilbert. "Reassuring children that they are not alone or could be abandoned is very important for their well-being," Joel said in a statement in 2004. The second book was entitled New York State of Mind and illustrated by Izak.

</doc>
<doc id="19532094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532094" title="Last Drinks">
Last Drinks

Last Drinks is a 2000 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Andrew McGahan.
A stage version premiered at Brisbane's La Boite Theatre in August 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19532101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532101" title="Titikaveka">
Titikaveka

Titikaveka is one of the five districts that make up the island of Rarotonga in the Cook Islands. It is located in the south of the island, to the south of the districts of Ngatangiia and Avarua, and east of the district of Arorangi.

</doc>
<doc id="19532119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532119" title="Arorangi">
Arorangi

Arorangi is one of the five districts that make up the island of Rarotonga in the Cook Islands. It is located in the west of the island, to the northwest of the district of Titikaveka, and southwest of the district of Avarua.

</doc>
<doc id="19532124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532124" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 5000 metres T13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 5000 metres T13

The Men's 5,000m T13 had its first round held on September 9, beginning at 9:10 and the Final on September 11 at 9:30.

</doc>
<doc id="19532127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532127" title="Carlos Camins">
Carlos Camins

Carlos Camins Y Hernandez (November 4, 1887 - August 11, 1970) was the former governor of the old Zamboanga Province from 1931 to 1934. His parents were Francisco Camins, a member of the Spanish Navy Unit stationed in Zamboanga and the Portuguese Mariquita Hernandez Camins. Camins studied in Manila. He was a journalist, publisher and editor of "El Finex", a Spanish newspaper, "La Anorcha" and "El Sur". During his term as governor he developed the Abuano Barracks in the municipality of Aurora, now under the province of Zamboanga del Sur.

</doc>
<doc id="19532173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532173" title="Canhoca, Angola">
Canhoca, Angola

Canhoca is a town in northeastern Angola. It belongs to Cuanza Norte Province.
Namesake.
There is another town in Angola with the same name in Benguela Province.
Transport.
Canhoca is a junction station on the Luanda Railway for a short branch to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19532193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532193" title="Ihab Saqr">
Ihab Saqr

A member of the Vanguards of Conquest, Ihab Abdallah Saqr (, alternatively "Ihab Muhammad Saqr") was believed to have coordinated the bombing of the Egyptian embassy in Islamabad. and was a high-priority target for the CIA when he was captured in Baku, Azerbaijan. He was one of 14 people subjected to extraordinary rendition by the CIA prior to the 2001 declaration of a War on Terror.
According to Saqr's attorney, it has never been proven that he is related to the Egyptian embassy bombing and was never accused as such by Egyptian authorities.
Arrest.
In August, three weeks after the 1998 United States embassy bombings, a wiretapped phone call tipped off the Israeli Mossad that a rendez-vous between Saqr and an Iranian MOIS official was planned in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Other sources dismiss the existence of any Iranian officials and limits the telephone call to communication between Ihab and Essam while coordinating a meeting point.
Without a bureau in Azerbaijan, they contacted the American CIA, who allowed a Canadian-raised Mossad agent to unofficially tag along as seven or eight CIA officers based in Frankfurt oversaw a local police raid on the Baku hotel room on August 20.
When the Azeri police received confirmation that Saqr was in his hotel room drinking coffee with others, they stormed the room grabbing all three people they found present and brought them still barefoot to the police station.
But according to Ihab Sakr's attorney Abdel-Moneim Abdel-Maksoud story
At 9:30 a.m 20 August 1998 Ihab Sakr and Essam Marzouk left their room on the seventh floor of Azerbaijan Hotel in Baku and passed by a group of hotel guests who were later found to be C.I.A agents. As both stood by the elevator they were overpowered by a group of American and Azeri secret agents, who transferred them to a security complex on the outskirts of Baku where they were interrogated by an interrogator fluent in Arabic.The same night they were transferred to Baku airport from where they were transferred by an Egyptian military aircraft to Egypt where they were received by Egyptian intelligence. Both of them were interred by Egyptian intelligence for sixth month then were transferred to the headquarters for Egyptian state security police in Lazoghli Square on 16/2/1999 where he stayed for seventy days then was transferred to Alaqrab prison on the day of 25/4/1999 then to Istikbal Tora Prison on 13/10/2002 then to Liman Tora on 6/12/2006 until 1/7/2008 when he was returned to istikbal prison and remains there.
It was now realised that the Iranian official hadn't yet shown up, and they had instead arrested Saqr, as well as Ahmad Salama Mabruk and Essam Marzouk. They were brought to the police station, where the Mossad agent says the police "beat the crap out of them".
As to Ahmad Salama Mabruk he has never met Ihab or Essam in Baku, but authorities knew of his existence there from a phone number found two month before with the arrested Albania cell which led to his surveillance, arrest and subsequent deportation to Egypt two weeks after the detention and deportation of Essam and Ihab.
Saqr was handed over to Egypt in September, but wasn't tried in the Returnees from Albania trial like the other two; but was instead represented by attorney Abdel-Moneim Abdel-Maksoud in his own trial, who unsuccessfully filed a motion for his release since his name had never been mentioned in any of the military or civil trials concerning the alleged acts of terrorism, nor had he been accused in any of the other prisoners' confessions. In July 1999, he was one of 71 alleged militants connected to the embassy bombing who saw their cases transferred to a military court.

</doc>
<doc id="19532214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532214" title="Jeung Lai Chuen">
Jeung Lai Chuen

Cheung Lai Chuen 張禮泉 was born in 1882 during the Qing Dynasty. He was a student of many great Kung Fu masters and mastered the Lei Ga 李家 (Lee Style), Lung Ying 龍形派 (Southern Dragon Style), Lau Man Gaau 流民教 (Vagabond or Wanderer's Style), and Bak Mei 白眉派 (White Eyebrow Style).

</doc>
<doc id="19532219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532219" title="Matt Williams (equestrian)">
Matt Williams (equestrian)

Matt Williams (born 9 May 1985 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian equestrian who competes in the sport of show jumping. He competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he came in 21st individually and 7th with the Australian team.

</doc>
<doc id="19532226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532226" title="Nordic popular music">
Nordic popular music

Nordic popular music biggest bands are ABBA, Roxette and a-ha. The 3 bands are by far the biggest non-metal acts to come out of Sweden, Norway and Denmark, respectively. 
The popular music of the Nordic countries exhibits great diversity. Sweden and Finland have possibly the largest music industries in the area, especially Sweden which is ranked third internationally in music production. Norway, Iceland and Denmark have all had successful domestic record industries for many years. Because the Baltic countries of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania were under Soviet control for much of the 20th century, when recording technology and popular music spread across the world, those three countries have a more tenuous connection with the popular industries of Finland, Sweden and the rest. However, since the fall of the Soviet Union, Western popular music in general has gained audiences in the Baltic states; this includes popular music from the other Nordic nations, as well as the United Kingdom, United States and elsewhere.
The Nordic metal scene is highly visible compared to other genres from the region. Many big names such as Opeth, Meshuggah, Children of Bodom and Amon Amarth hail from Nordic nations. Nordic or Scandinavian metal bands have had a long and lasting influence on the metal subculture alongside their counterparts in Great Britain and The United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19532235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532235" title="Carter Hydraulic Rams">
Carter Hydraulic Rams

The Carter Hydraulic Rams were constructed "circa" 1924 by George Lafayette Carter to supply water to his summer residence near Hillsville, Carroll County, Virginia. The four hydraulic rams are housed in concrete and tile block pumphouses near an intermittent stream. A nearby gas-powered pump provided backup power, but when the rams were in operation the depended entirely on water for their operation. The rams were supplanted in the 1950s by an electric pump system.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The rams are to be incorporated into Carter Pines Community Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19532268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532268" title="Montgomery McFate">
Montgomery McFate

Montgomery McFate (also known as Montgomery Sapone and nicknamed Mitzy; born January 8, 1966) is a cultural anthropologist, a defense and national security analyst, and former Science Advisor to the United States Army Human Terrain System program. As of 2011, she holds the Minerva Chair (Strategic Research) at the U.S. Naval War College.
Early life.
McFate was raised in the houseboat community in Sausalito, California, at the time a "hippie" community. Her parents were artists and associates with such figures as Jack Kerouac and Lawrence Ferlinghetti. She grew up in poverty, living on a converted barge with no plumbing. In high school, McFate spent much of her time in the burgeoning early-1980s San Francisco punk scene, but at the same time, was a strong student with an academic focus, earning numerous scholarship that helped put her through college. During this time, McFate was a close friend of Cintra Wilson, and the character Lorna in her novel "Colors Insulting to Nature" is largely based on the young McFate.
Academic career.
She went on to study anthropology at UC Berkeley and as a graduate student at Yale University. McFate developed an interest in the conflict studies and the culture of insurgent groups, and did her doctoral dissertation on Irish Republican social networks and cultural narratives and the role that these played in maintaining the Irish Republican Army insurgency. As part of this research process, she spent several years living among IRA supporters and later among British counterinsurgents. After earning her PhD in Anthropology in 1994, McFate went on to study law at Harvard Law School, earning a Juris Doctor in 1997.
While in graduate school, she married a US Army officer, Sean Sapone (the two would later adopt the maiden surname of his mother, Mary McFate). After earning her JD, she spent the next several years, variously, as an associate in a San Francisco law firm, working for human rights organizations, and as a travel writer. It is also alleged that during this time Montgomery and Sean McFate worked as private spies for Mary McFate's security firm.
Defense career.
It was after the September 11 attacks that McFate found what she describes as her "mission": to get the military to understand the importance of "cultural knowledge". McFate has stated that she became "passionate about one issue: the government’s need to actually understand its adversaries". In McFate's opinion, during the Cold War, the United States defense establishment developed a very good understanding of the Soviet Union, with the ultimate result of that the US triumphed in that conflict. On the other hand, she holds that the military and defense establishment has a very poor understanding of the cultures of the Middle East, resulting in such debacles as the Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse scandal.
Over the next several years, McFate worked as a defense consultant for the Rand Corporation, the Office of Naval Research, and the United States Institute of Peace. In 2004, she was contacted by Dr. Hariar Cabayan, the Science Advisor to the Joint Chiefs of Staff J3 about developing new counterinsurgency strategies in the Iraq War. Ultimately, this led to the development of the Cultural Preparation of the Environment CPE database developed by MITRE Corporation. The CPE tool was never fielded and the CPE program ended in August 2005. While she is reported in some circles to have been one of the primary architects of the HTS program, she was not. The Human Terrain System program was established between August 2005 and July 2006 by the US Army's Foreign Military Studies Office directed at the time by Dr. Jacob Kipp. Some time in 2007, McFate joined HTS as the Social Science Advisor. Additionally, she was one of hundreds of contributing authors of the US Army's revised Counterinsurgency Field Manual FM 3-24. While many take credit for authorship, the primary author of the FM was LTC Jan Horvath.
McFate is alleged in several magazine articles to have been the blogger "Pentagon Diva", who briefly ran a blog called "I Luv a Man in Uniform" where she commented on the "hotness" of various Department of Defense officials and analysts.
Controversy.
Anthropology and the military.
The relationship between anthropologists and the military has long been the subject of controversy. Historically, notable anthropologists such as Bronisław Malinowski have closely worked with colonial military authorities, and during World War II and the Vietnam War, some anthropologists worked in military service, as both academic consultants, and in the field as part of such projects as Operation Camelot. Nevertheless, by the late 1960s, most Western anthropologists had come to reject such collaboration as a breach of trust between anthropologist participant observers and the people they study, endangering the welfare of both parties. The American Anthropological Association eventually adopted a policy against such collaboration.
McFate sought to reverse this trend, holding that it was possible for a mutually beneficial relationship to emerge between the US military and the populations that insurgency sprang from. This approach, however, has largely been negatively received by the anthropological community, and the American Anthropological Association issued resolutions in 2007 and 2008 condemning the kind of military/anthropological collaboration McFate had called for.
The Human Terrain System was condemned by the American Anthropological Association in November 2007 and has come under fire for their allegedly poor organization and execution and limited effectiveness.

</doc>
<doc id="19532283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532283" title="As the Cookie Crumbles">
As the Cookie Crumbles

As the Cookie Crumbles is a web-based soap opera produced by Kraft Canada. Eight weekly episodes were broadcast from September 18, 2008 through November 6, 2008.
A promotional vehicle for Kraft’s brand Peek Freans Lifestyle Selections, a line of cookies with alleged health benefits, the branded content series featured love, hate, mystery and heartbreak storylines centered around the Casa di Tea, an oceanside teahouse in fictional Glamora County. According to Peek Freans, the company looked at "consumers' love for soap operas" and gave "As the Cookie Crumbles" "all the stereotypical elements you'd expect to find in a soap opera." The series was distributed on a variety of platforms including DailyMotion, Revver, Blip, Funny or Die, and iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="19532316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532316" title="List of Governors of Dutch Ceylon">
List of Governors of Dutch Ceylon

The following is a list of governors of Dutch Ceylon. The Dutch arrived on the island of Sri Lanka on 2 May 1639 and parts of the island were incorporated as a Dutch colony administrated by the Dutch East India Company (VOC) by the name of Dutch Ceylon on 12 May 1656. The first Dutch Governor, Willem Jacobszoon Coster was appointed on 13 Mar 1640.
List of Governors (1640–1796).
<onlyinclude>
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19532318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532318" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's marathon T12">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's marathon T12

The Men's Marathon T12 was held on September 17 at 7:30.
For the first time, there was no separate marathon held for athletes categorised T11 (totally blind). T11 athletes competed in the T12 marathon, against athletes with severe visual impairment (T12). The fastest finisher among the T11 competitors was Andrea Cionna of Italy, who set a new Paralympic record for his category, but finished in seventh place, six minutes behind gold medallist Qi Shun, who set a new T12 marathon world record.

</doc>
<doc id="19532321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532321" title="Cress Williams">
Cress Williams

Cress Williams (born July 26, 1970) is a German-born American film and television actor, best known for playing the hitman Wyatt in "Prison Break" and detective Ed Williams in "Close to Home". He is also known for his role as Inspector Antwon Babcock in the final season of "Nash Bridges", and as D’Shawn Hardell in seasons 4 and 5 of "Beverly Hills, 90210". He also had a notable role of portraying music promoter Terrence "Scooter" Williams (the love interest of Khadijah) in the Fox television sitcom "Living Single". He currently plays Mayor Lavon Hayes on The CW series "Hart of Dixie".
Personal life.
Williams was born in Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, to African American parents. He attended Fullerton College and UCLA.
Career.
Williams acted in a 1990 Fullerton College production of William Shakespeare's tragedy, "Othello", which was directed by Tom Blank. A "Los Angeles Times" review criticized Williams acting and said that he "gets wild-eyed as Othello, especially when jealousy begins to reign in his house. But the portrayal doesn't go beyond the obvious, and Williams tends to overact. All his emotions are on the outside; it's difficult to connect with Othello's internal struggle." He also acted in another production in the same year by Fullerton College called "Red Noses", a black comedy produced by Peter Barnes and directed by Michael Fields.
Williams has appeared on many TV series since 1994, including ', "Beverly Hills, 90210", "NYPD Blue", ', "JAG", "Living Single", "Nash Bridges", "Providence", ', "Veronica Mars", "The West Wing", "Close to Home", "ER", and "Grey's Anatomy". He portrayed , a Jem'Hadar leader in the Star Trek series, in a ' episode "The Jem'Hadar". Williams joined the "Prison Break" cast by playing The Company's assassin, Wyatt Mathewson. He appeared in the final season of "Friday Night Lights" as Ornette Howard, father of East Dillon's star quarterback Vince Howard. He currently stars alongside Rachel Bilson on The CW series "Hart of Dixie" as former football star turned mayor Lavon Hayes.

</doc>
<doc id="19532322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532322" title="Tim Stockdale">
Tim Stockdale

Tim Stockdale (born August 12, 1964) is an English equestrian who competes in the sport of show jumping.
Stockdale competes in international competitions and rides a number of horses, owned by both himself and others. He has written a number of books and produced a three-part training video titled "Successful Showjumping With Tim Stockdale".
Tim has had a very successful show jumping career on a number of different horses. In 2000, he and Traxdata Winston Bridget placed 6th in the London Olympia CSIW Grand Prix. In 2002, he represented Great Britain at the World Equestrian Games in Jerez with Fresh Direct Parcival. 2006 saw Tim narrowly miss out on the Olympia Grand Prix title to Eugenie Angot, coming 2nd on Fresh Direct Corlato, a mare with whom greater things were to come. Stockdale had a banner year in 2007 winning the Nantes Grand Prix and Bordeaux Grand Prix with Corlato on consecutive weekends, as well as placing fifth in the CN International "Million Dollar" Grand Prix.
Tim's eyes were firmly set on getting to the Beijing Olympics in 2008, shown most poignantly by his decision not to take his qualified place at the FEI World Cup Finals in Gothenburg. His performances at the Samsung Super League Nations' Cup competitions at Rome and St Gallen were enough to cement him a place on the 2008 squad, all the more impressive due to the fact that he had produced his horse from a four year-old. Despite the British team finishing 6th, Tim qualified for the individual final, producing a clear in the first round, one of just nine riders to do so. Unfortunately, he was unable to repeat his performance in the second round; finishing best of the British nonetheless in 16th place.
Tim completed his championship appearance hattrick by representing Great Britain at the 2009 European Championships at Windsor Park with Fresh Direct Corlato after helping the British team to 2nd place in the Dublin CSIO***** Nations' Cup. The loss of his top horse, Corlato, due to an injury sustained at Spruce Meadows in 2009 coincided with the rise of the ISH gelding Fresh Direct Kalico Bay (owned by Tim's long-time owners, Colin and Ann Garrett) to form. Tim and Kalico Bay won three international grands prix the following year including the King George V Gold Cup at Hickstead, which served as retribution after the last fence in the jump off denied Tim the title with Corlato in 2009. This form continued on British soil with Kalico Bay placing in both the Horse of the Year Show and Olympia grands prix.
While 2011 brought Nations' Cup appearances at St Gallen and Falsterbo, as well as a near-defence of his King George V title, it was overshadowed by events that occurred far from the spotlight and glamour of the sporting arena. On October 17, while trying a young horse at a small farm in rural Wales, Tim sustained fractures to three vertebrae in his neck in a fall. He was kept in the Oswestry Spinal Unit for 6 weeks, four of them strapped to a bed to limit movement. Fortunately, no damage was done to his spinal chord, and Tim was allowed to leave hospital to complete his gruelling therapy programme at home. In just four months after his accident, sooner than any doctor predicted at the time of his fall, Tim was back riding, something that at one point was considered impossible. Once back in the saddle, Tim embarked upon a course to make a claim for the 2012 Olympics in London, a feat touted as "one of the most remarkable comebacks by a British athlete in Olympics history". At the CSIO***** Nations' Cup of St Gallen, he and Fresh Direct Kalico Bay were unstoppable, producing one of only three double clears to lead Great Britain to second place, as well as taking second place in the Longines Grand Prix of St Gallen. The dream recovery did not have the fairy-tale ending it deserved, however; at the Nations' Cup of Rotterdam the pair could not reproduce their form and, though they were short-listed for the British squad, they did not make the final team.
Tim is also a well-respected trainer in the world of show jumping, having taught celebreties to show jump in the Sport Relief series "Only Fools on Horses" which aired in 2006. He has also trained a number of young show jumpers who have gone on to represent Great Britain.
Stockdale was banned from Olympic competition in July 2002 when his horse's urine tested positive for a prohibited sedative. However, he was reinstated in 2004 when the British Olympic Association deemed his offense minor, also taking into account that it did not meet the chief intent of the lifetime ban to cover offenses involving drugs "of a performance enhancing nature". This made him eligible to compete at the 2004 Athens Olympics, although he did not actually make the team.

</doc>
<doc id="19532345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532345" title="Darren Flanigan">
Darren Flanigan

Darren Flanigan (born 8 March 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and St Kilda in the VFL/AFL.
Flanigan came to Geelong from the Victorian town of Katamatite and during the early 1980s acted as their back up ruckman. He got more regular game time in 1985, the same year he was named in Victoria's interstate team. In 1989 he appeared in the VFL Grand Final, coming off the bench in the loss to Hawthorn. He finished his career with a season at St Kila in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19532348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532348" title="Darius Marshall">
Darius Marshall

Darius Marshall (born February 21, 1989 in Milledgeville, Georgia) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent. He was most recently a member of the New Mexico Stars. Marshall played college football for the Marshall Thundering Herd.
Early life.
Darius Marshall was an all-state selection in Georgia in 2005, after rushing for 2,300 yards and 30 touchdowns at Baldwin High School. He earned his consecutive all-state selection in 2006 by rushing for 2,153 yards and 28 touchdowns. Marshall totaled 74 touchdowns in his prep career and was rated one of the Top 50 players in Georgia.
Marshall was recruited by Marshall University, Indiana University, University of Maryland, and Michigan State University. Marshall eventually signed with Marshall.
Collegiate career.
Freshman season (2007).
Darius Marshall began his freshman season in the 31-3 loss to Miami with three rushes for 14 yards and five receptions for 17 yards. Marshall saw his first major action in the 48-23 loss to West Virginia, where he rushed for 80 yards on 11 carries and returned the opening kickoff 77 yards. In the 48-25 loss to New Hampshire, Marshall only totaled 29 yards on 7 carries. In the 40-14 loss to Cincinnati, he recorded 63 yards on seven carries and a reception for 11 yards. In the 24-21 loss to Memphis, Marshall scored his first collegiate rushing touchdown and totaled a season-high 90 yards on 15 carries. In the 38-31 loss to Tulsa, Marshall rushed 13 times for 63 yards and caught three passes for 25 yards. In the loss to Southern Miss, he rushed 14 times for 62 yards and a touchdown and had a reception for 13 yards. In the first victory of the season, 34-21 over Rice, Marshall totaled 39 yards on 16 carries. Marshall missed most of the loss to UCF, but bounced back in the ECU victory with 67 yards on 12 carries. In the following loss to Houston, Marshall recorded 12 carries for 66 yards. He finished out the season with 60 yards on 9 carries, a 91-yard kick return touchdown, and a 32-yard reception in the 46-39 victory over UAB.
Darius Marshall finished his true freshman season of 2007 with 631 rushing yards and 3 touchdowns in only 123 carries in nine starts. He also caught 14 passes for 119 yards and returned 19 kicks for 556 yards and a touchdown. He led the team with 1,306 all-purpose yards and 108.8 per game en route to being named to the Conference USA All-Freshman Team.
Sophomore season (2008).
In 2008, Darius Marshall entered the season as the Thundering Herd's starting running back as a sophomore. In the 35-10 season-opening victory over Illinois State, Marshall rushed 20 times for 115 yards and a touchdown. The game marked the sophomore's first career 100-yard rushing game. In the 51-14 loss to the #11 Wisconsin Badgers, Marshall totaled 50 yards and a touchdown on 15 carries. In the 17-16 victory over Memphis, Marshall rushed for a career-high 140 yards on 27 carries with a touchdown. In the following 34-27 victory over Southern Miss, he recorded 112 yards on 30 carries for a touchdown. The game marked the first back-to-back 100-yard rushing games by Marshall in his career. 
In the 27-3 loss to West Virginia in the Friends of Coal Bowl, Marshall totaled 45 yards on 16 carries and a career-high 203 return yards on only 4 kick returns, including a 75 yard return. Marshall finished the rivalry game with a career-high 262 total yards of offense. In the 33-10 loss to Cincinnati, Marshall rushed 14 times for 19 yards, a reception for 10 yards, and 5 kick returns for 92 yards. In the following 23-21 loss to UAB, Marshall rushed 9 times for 35 yards, had two receptions for 14 yards, and had 3 kick returns for 80 yards. 
Marshall bounced back in the following 37-23 win over Houston, totaling 15 rushes for 102 yards and a touchdown and 63 yards on three kick returns - 165 total yards. He then totaled 123 yards on 20 carries and 88 yards on two kick returns for a total of 201 yards in the next loss to ECU. Marshall then had a season-high 142 yards rushing on 16 carries, to go along with 63 yards on 3 kick returns, in the 30-14 loss to Central Florida. The game marked his second straight 200-yard all-purpose game and his third consecutive 100-yard rushing game. Marshall's 100-yard rushing streak continued in the loss to Rice, in which he gained 118 yards rushing on 24 carries. He also recorded 62 yards on 4 kick returns for a total of 180 yards all-purpose yards. His 100-yard rushing game streak ended at four games against Tulsa - finishing with 94 yards rushing on 18 carries.
Darius Marshall finished his sophomore campaign with 224 rushes for 1,099 yards and 5 touchdowns, 16 receptions for 98 yards, and 30 kick returns for 790 yards - a total of 1,987 all-purpose yards (165.2 yards per game).
Professional career.
NFL Draft.
On January 11, 2010, ESPN college football writer Joe Schad reported that Marshall would forgo his senior season and declare himself eligible for the 2010 NFL Draft. Marshall departs with the seventh-best career rushing total (2,857 yards) in Thundering Herd history. Despite having 1,131 yards and 11 touchdowns in his junior season, Marshall was projected to be a late round pick.
New Mexico Stars.
In 2012, Marshall signed with the New Mexico Stars of the Indoor Football League. He was released in April after an altercation.
Legal Troubles.
In May 2009, Darius Marshall was suspended for the 2009 season opener after being arrested on drug charges with former Thundering Herd teammate DeQuan Bembry. Initially they were charged with possession with intent to deliver, an officer at Western Regional Jail said they both were being held there on $20,000 bond. At a preliminary hearing, later in the month, the felony charges against the Marshall and Bembry were dropped and replaced with misdemeanor marijuana possession of under 15 grams. In April 2012, Marshall was again in trouble with the law, as he was arrested and charged with assault after an altercation that took place after an Indoor Football League game between the New Mexico Stars and the Wyoming Cavalry.

</doc>
<doc id="19532363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532363" title="America's Waterway Watch">
America's Waterway Watch

America's Waterway Watch is a program of the United States Coast Guard and its Reserve and Auxiliary components to encourage members of the public to be on the alert for suspicious behavior by boaters.

</doc>
<doc id="19532383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532383" title="Helium star">
Helium star

A helium star or helium strong star is a class O or B star (blue), which has extraordinarily strong helium lines and weaker than normal hydrogen lines, indicating strong stellar winds and a mass loss of the outer envelope. "Extreme helium stars" (EHe) entirely lack hydrogen in their spectra.
Previously, a "helium star" was a synonym for a B class star, but this usage is considered obsolete.
A "helium star" is also a term for a hypothetical star that could occur if two helium white dwarfs with a combined mass of at least 0.5 solar masses merge and subsequently start nuclear fusion of helium, with a lifetime of a few hundred million years. It is believed this is the origin of the extreme helium stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19532424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532424" title="Ruslan Kambolov">
Ruslan Kambolov

Ruslan Aleksandrovich Kambolov (; born 1 January 1990) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Rubin Kazan.

</doc>
<doc id="19532427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532427" title="1995 American League West tie-breaker game">
1995 American League West tie-breaker game

The 1995 American League West tie-breaker game was a one-game extension to the regular season for Major League Baseball's AL West division championship, played on October 2, between the California Angels and Seattle Mariners at the Kingdome in Seattle. The game was necessitated due to both teams finishing the strike-shortened 144 game season with identical records of 78–66. Seattle won the game by a score of 9–1, securing its first playoff berth in franchise history.
The game matched two highly unlikely teams: The Angels had not been to the postseason since , and had not finished above third place in the American League West since. On the other hand, the Mariners had "never" been to the postseason, and before 1995 only had two seasons with a winning percentage above .500. With less than two months left in the 1995 regular season, the Angels held a comfortable lead in the AL West standings, 11 games ahead of the second-place Texas Rangers and 13 games ahead of the third-place Mariners. However, the Mariners mounted a late-season comeback, coupled with a late-season collapse by the Angels, to force the tie-breaker.
After winning the tie-breaker, the Mariners went on to play the New York Yankees in the American League Division Series. They won the series in 5 games on an 11th-inning double by Edgar Martínez in Game 5, but lost the American League Championship Series to the Cleveland Indians in 6 games. The Angels, meanwhile, did not earn a trip to the postseason until .
Line score and summary.
As per normal MLB practice at the time, the home team for this game was determined by a series of coin tosses held on September 18 to determine home teams for all potential one-game tiebreakers. All statistics compiled during the game were added to each player's and/or team's regular season statistics. The game was nationally televised on ESPN with Jon Miller and Joe Morgan making the call.
The first six innings of the game were largely a pitchers' duel between Seattle staff ace Randy Johnson and California's Mark Langston, the Mariners' former staff ace who was traded to Montreal for Johnson in . Seattle put runners in scoring position in the first and fifth innings, but only scored one run in the fifth when Dan Wilson scored on a single by Vince Coleman. Johnson was perfect—that is, he allowed no runners to reach base—until the 6th inning when Rex Hudler singled but was stranded at second base.
In the seventh inning, Langston allowed a single to Mike Blowers, then allowed Tino Martinez on base via fielder's choice, then hit Joey Cora to load the bases with two outs. Luis Sojo followed with a double to right field that glanced off of first baseman J. T. Snow's glove and rolled under the Angels' bullpen bench, scoring Blowers, Martinez, and Cora. Sojo himself scored on the play as a result of Langston's throwing error, and Langston was replaced by relief pitcher Bob Patterson.
Now trailing by five runs, the Angels threatened again in the 8th inning with runners on second and third, but Hudler grounded out to end the threat. In the bottom of the 8th, the Mariners again had the bases loaded when Tino Martinez singled to score Edgar Martínez, followed by a Dan Wilson double that scored Jay Buhner and Blowers, and finally a sacrifice fly double play hit by Cora that scored Tino Martinez but got Wilson thrown out at third. Tony Phillips led off the 9th for the Angels with a home run to avoid a shutout, but Johnson retired the next three Angels hitters to record his sixth complete game and 18th win of the season.
Background.
Before 1995.
Both teams entered the tiebreaker with long histories of frustration and disappointment. California had won the AL West division title on 3 occasions (1979, 1982, and 1986), but failed to advance to the World Series each time. In particular, the Angels blew a 2–0 series lead in the best-of-five 1982 ALCS to the Milwaukee Brewers, and were one strike away from defeating the Boston Red Sox in Game 5 of the 1986 ALCS but ended up losing that game and the next two to lose the best-of-seven series that they had led 3–1. They had not returned to the postseason since the 1986 loss.
Seattle, on the other hand, had only had two winning seasons since the franchise began play in (1991 and 1993), and had never been to the postseason. The team had gone through three ownership changes in its first 15 years, its most recent coming in when a consortium led by Hiroshi Yamauchi, which owns the Mariners to the present day, bought the team from Jeff Smulyan, who had threatened to relocate the team as a consequence of its losing ways.
1995 season.
As a consequence of the 1994–95 Major League Baseball strike, the 1995 season started on April 25, and was shortened to 144 games instead of the normal 162. California took an early lead in the AL West standings and traded first place with Texas through May and June. They took the lead on July 2, and held on to that lead throughout the rest of July and all of August. Seattle, meanwhile, spent most of June through August in third or fourth place. They would bottom out on August 2, 13 games out of first place.
The Angels' fortunes began to change when they were swept by Boston from August 21–23, then after winning one game over Baltimore, went into a 9-game losing streak beginning August 25. Seattle had an August record of 16–13 (.552), while California had an August record of 13–17 (.433). Seattle took second place on September 2, with Texas in a losing streak it would never recover from.
Then in September, California went into a second 9-game skid from September 13–23, allowing Seattle to take first place on September 22 in the middle of their own 7-game winning streak. California sank to 3 games out of first place with 5 games left in the season, but won those last 5 games—including a 4-game sweep of the Oakland Athletics—while Seattle lost 3 of their last 5 games, forcing the tiebreaker.
Impact.
The Angels' defeat in the tiebreaker marked a continuation of the team's struggles at the time. It was the closest the Angels would come to reaching the postseason during their playoff drought that lasted from to , when they won the AL Wild Card and ultimately the World Series.
The game was a stepping stone in what is widely regarded in Seattle as the most memorable season in Mariners franchise history. Having secured their first ever postseason berth, the Mariners went on to play the New York Yankees in the first American League Division Series played under the present-day format. They would defeat the Yankees in Game 5 of the ALDS, on the heels of Edgar Martínez' game-winning double, but ultimately were defeated by the Cleveland Indians in the American League Championship Series.
The game marked the beginning of the most successful era in Seattle franchise history, as they would go on to win AL West division championships again in 1997 and 2001, and an AL Wild Card berth in 2000. However, they failed to reach the World Series each time and remain one of two MLB franchises to never reach the Fall Classic, along with the Washington Nationals.
Off the field, the Mariners' AL West championship as well as its memorable run in the postseason served as a catalyst for public funding for a new ballpark. Less than two weeks before the tiebreaker, the residents of King County, Washington (whose county seat is Seattle) voted against a sales tax increase to fund a new stadium, but shortly after their ALDS victory, the Washington State Legislature reconvened and approved a separate funding package for a new stadium. The new stadium, now called Safeco Field, opened in July 1999.
The two franchises' fortunes were reversed beginning in and continuing to the present day, as the Angels rose to the most successful era in "their" history by winning the aforementioned World Series and five division titles while the Mariners returned to the bottom of the division standings for most of those years (the only exceptions being in 2002 and , when they finished a close third and and , when they finished second).

</doc>
<doc id="19532454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532454" title="Ahmed Mohamed (general)">
Ahmed Mohamed (general)

Brigadier General Ahmed Mohamed is the Vice Chief of Defence Force of the Maldives National Defence Force. He was appointed to this post on 4 March 2012. Brigadier General Ahmed Mohamed was born on 9 July 1964 in the island of Maroshi, Shaviyani Atoll.
Military career and training.
After completion of secondary school in 1983 at Majeedhiyya School, Mohamed enlisted in Maldives National Defence Force (MNDF) on 13 March 1984 as a Lance Corporal and was commissioned eight years later on 21 April 1992. He was promoted to the current rank of Brigadier General on 8 February 2009.
Mohamed is a graduate of the Command and Staff College, Quetta, Pakistan. He is a fellow of Asia Pacific Center for Security Studies (APCSS), Hawaii and an alumnus of Near East South Asia Center for Strategic Studies, Washington DC and Marshall European Center for Security Studies, Germany. He has also completed the Governance and Management of Defence Course held by the Royal Military College of Science, Cranfield University.
Commands held.
Mohamed was appointed as the Vice Chief of Defence Force on 4 March 2012. He had served as the Commander of MNDF Northern Area. The General has also held various other command and staff appointments including executive officer of MNDF headquarters, commanding officer of MNDF engineering service, commanding officer of supply unit, executive officer of Ministry of Defence and National Security, commanding officer of both regional headquarters S.Gan and L.Kadhdhoo, commanding officer of quick reaction force II, commanding officer of planning and research development wing, managing director of Sifainge Ekuveri Kunfuni (SEK) and president of MNDF sports and recreation club.
Family.
Mohamed is married to Selvia Hameed and has a daughter and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="19532461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532461" title="United States House Select Committee to Investigate Tax-Exempt Foundations and Comparable Organizations">
United States House Select Committee to Investigate Tax-Exempt Foundations and Comparable Organizations

The Select Committee to Investigate Tax-Exempt Foundations and Comparable Organizations was an investigative committee of the United States House of Representatives between 1952 and 1954. The committee was originally created by House Resolution 561 during the 82nd Congress. The committee investigated the use of funds by tax-exempt organizations (non-profit organizations) to see if they were being used to support communism. The committee was alternatively known as the Cox Committee and the Reece Committee after its two chairmen, Edward E. Cox and B. Carroll Reece.
History.
In April 1952, the "Select Committee to Investigate Tax-Exempt Foundations and Comparable Organizations" (or just the Cox Committee Investigation), led by Edward E. Cox, of the House of Representatives began an investigation of the "educational and philanthropic foundations and other comparable organizations which are exempt from federal taxes to determine whether they were using their resources for the purposes for which they were established, and especially to determine which such foundations and organizations are using their resources for un-American activities and subversive activities or for purposes not in the interest or tradition of the United States."
In the fall of 1952 all foundations with assets of $10 million or more received a questionnaire covering virtually every aspect of their operations. The foundations cooperated willingly. In the committee's final report, submitted to Congress in January 1953, endorsed the loyalty of the foundations. "So far as we can ascertain, there is little basis for the belief expressed in some quarters that foundation funds are being diverted from their intended use," the report said.
Unhappy with the Cox Committee's conclusions, Rep. Reece pushed for a continuation of its work. In April 1954, the House authorized the Reece Committee. Unlike its predecessor, which limited its attention to generalities, the Reece Committee mounted a comprehensive inquiry into both the motives for establishing foundations and their influence on public life. The investigative inquiry was headed by Norman Dodd, a former banker and bank manager and business man.
Members.
Edward "Eugene" Cox of Georgia served as chairman of the committee until his death on December 24, 1952. Brooks Hays of Arkansas served as acting chairman after Chairman Cox's death.
Dodd report.
The final report was submitted by Norman Dodd, and because of its provocative nature, the committee became subject to attack. He began by listing criticisms of the Cox Committee, and then moved on to content.
In the Dodd report to the Reece Committee on Foundations, he gave a definition of the word "subversive", saying that the term referred to "Any action having as its purpose the alteration of either the principle or the form of the United States Government by other than constitutional means." He then argued that the Ford Foundation, Rockefeller Foundation, and Carnegie Endowment were using funds excessively on projects at Columbia, Harvard, Chicago University and the University of California, in order to enable oligarchical collectivism. He stated, "The purported deterioration in scholarship and in the techniques of teaching which, lately, has attracted the attention of the American public, has apparently been caused primarily by a premature effort to reduce our meager knowledge of social phenomena to the level of an applied science." He stated that his research staff had discovered that in "1933-1936, a change took place which was so drastic as to constitute a "revolution". They also indicated conclusively that the responsibility for the economic welfare of the American people had been transferred heavily to the Executive Branch of the Federal Government; that a corresponding change in education had taken place from an impetus outside of the local community, and that this "revolution" had occurred without violence and with the full consent of an overwhelming majority of the electorate." He stated that this revolution "could not have occurred peacefully, or with the consent of the majority, unless education in the United States had been prepared in advance to endorse it ."
Final report.
Although the promotion of internationalism and moral relativism by foundations concerned the committee, it saw their concentrated power as the more central threat. Even if benign, this power posed a threat to democratic government. The Reece Committee's report, submitted in the midst of the ultimately successful efforts to censure Senator Joseph McCarthy, failed to attract much attention. McCarthy's fall led to a discrediting of all efforts that ' smacked of redbaiting '.
The report conceded that, with several exceptions "such as the Institute of Pacific Relations, foundations have not directly supported organizations which, in turn, operated to support communism." However, the report did conclude that
Some of the larger foundations have directly supported 'subversion' in the true meaning of that term--namely, the process of undermining some of our vitally protective concepts and principles. They have actively supported attacks upon our social and governmental system and financed the promotion of socialism and collectivist ideas.
The report also proposed changes in law: a "rule against perpetuities" to limit the lives of non-institutional foundations, 10–25 years, a denial of tax exemption to a foundation holding more than 5%-10% of any business' capital or securities, and a ban on using foundation funds to support "socialism, collectivism or any other form of society or government which is at variance with the basic principles of ours" (existing law prohibited its use only for support of communism and fascism).
This final report was made up by the majority in the committee, three Republicans: Representatives B. Carroll Reece of Tennessee, chairman, Jesse P. Wolcott of Michigan and Angier L. Goodwin of Massachusetts. The two Democrats on the committee did not sign the final report and were extremely critical of it.
Criticisms.
Opponents criticized the Committee as "investigating free thought".
The committee's two Democrats, Wayne L. Hays and Gracie Pfost, refused to sign the final report. The Hays-Pfost minority report charged that the foundations "have been indicted and convicted under procedures which can only be characterized as barbaric." The minority accused Chairman Reece and the committee staff of a "deep-seated antagonism toward foundations" which might "well be characterized as pathological."
According to the minority report: The majority and committee staff were guilty of "an evil disregard of fundamental American guarantees." Anti-foundation witnesses were heard in full and their testimony published but the hearings were concluded as soon as pro-foundation witnesses began to present their case. Reece said the foundations would be permitted to file statements and thereby get "a fair opportunity to put their best foot forward at the same time that they escaped the embarrassment of cross-examination." The committee staff, however, apparently "deliberately ignored" the statements in preparing the report. Judging by a pro-foundation witness allowed to testify, Dr. Pendleton Herring, Social Science Research Council president whose testimony was cut off "midway," public testimony "was far from embarrassing" and was "the one certain way that accused by the staff...could destroy the deadly inferences, innuendoes and charges." By contrast, the committee gave 3 days to the testimony of San Francisco attorney Aaron Sargent, whose political and economic thinking could be judged by his charge that the U.S. "income tax was part of a plot by Fabian Socialists operating from England to pave the way for socialism in this country." New York attorney Rene A. Wormser, who headed the staff, had proposed that "the inquiry be made without public hearings" or "the testimony of interested persons" and instead that the staff "devote its time to independent study and inquiry."

</doc>
<doc id="19532469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532469" title="Michael Schulze">
Michael Schulze

Michael Schulze (born 30 October 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL/AFL during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Schulze, originally from Grovedale, played mostly as a centre half back and was in that position when Geelong lost the 1989 VFL Grand Final. He made a total of 91 senior appearances for Geelong.

</doc>
<doc id="19532496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532496" title="Denis Glushakov">
Denis Glushakov

Denis Borisovich Glushakov () (born 27 January 1987 in Millerovo) is a Russian international footballer who plays for Spartak Moscow and Russian national team as a box-to-box midfielder.
International career.
He was confirmed for the finalized UEFA Euro 2012 squad on 25 May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19532521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532521" title="Jeff Holly">
Jeff Holly

Jeffrey Owen Holly is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played parts of three seasons in the major leagues from until , all for the Minnesota Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="19532563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532563" title="Ernest Beaumont">
Ernest Beaumont

In 1918 Captain Ernest Godfrey Beaumont (1876–1967, sometimes called the "King of the Island") bought of Discovery Island, British Columbia, Canada. Captain Beaumont and his wife built a house designed by Francis Rattenbury, who designed the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, near the centre of the island. He had a yacht named the "Discovery Isle" which he had had built in Hong Kong in 1930, and which he would use to go to and from the island. Beaumont used to say "I know where all the rocks are. I bumped into all of them and once in a while I bump into them again to remind myself of their presence". The "Discovery Isle" met its end on December 5, 1950 when it struck a rock in Enterprise Channel. Beaumont had to abandon ship and barely managed to make it ashore.
Beaumont was always inviting Scouts, cadets and all kinds of youth to the island and he always loved it. He claimed to have hosted 20,000 over his lifetime on the island. He keep fit into his 90’s and used to row around Discovery Island and the Chatham Islands, as well as to the Royal Victoria Yacht Club. 
In 1967, after spending 50 years on the island, Captain Beaumont died at the age of 91. In his will, he gave his part of the island to the Province of British Columbia to be used as a park. There are two plaques on the island, one from the Scouts and one from the Province of British Columbia, thanking him for his gift. The plaques are located on the west side of Rudlin Bay.
On July 27, 1972, the southern part of Discovery Island was established as the Discovery Island Marine Provincial Park.
Archived records.
The Maritime Museum of British Columbia holds logbooks of the motor yacht Discovery Isle and other records (16 volumes) written by Captain Beaumont from 1926 to 1962, and a photograph of the yacht.
The provincial archives of British Columbia holds a diary of Beaumont and 29 photographs from 1939.
References.
This article contains text copied from discoveryisland.ca, a source released under the licensing terms of GFDL.

</doc>
<doc id="19532590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532590" title="Steve Guerdat">
Steve Guerdat

Steve Guerdat (born 10 June 1982 in Bassecourt, Canton of Jura) is a Swiss Olympic-level equestrian who competes in the sport of show jumping.
He is the 2012 Olympic Champion in individual jumping. He also won the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in team jumping following the disqualification of Norwegian rider Tony André Hansen.
In July 2012, Steve Guerdat was ranked third in the world.
Career.
Steve Guerdat began riding at the age of seven and was trained by his father, Philippe Guerdat, and by Beat Mändli.
Between 1997 and 2002 he was part of two junior and three young rider European championships and won two bronze medals with the team.
In 2003 he switched to the Netherlands and worked there for Jan Tops. He was selected for the jumping events at the 2004 Summer Olympics where he rode "Olympic".
In 2006 he moved to Belgium and worked for three months for billionaire Oleksandr Onishchenko.
After that Yves Piaget bought him the mare "Jalisca Solier", with which he won the World Cup in Geneva.
He was selected for the 2008 Summer Olympics where he rode "Jalisca Solier" and won the bronze medal in team jumping following the disqualification of Norwegian rider Tony André Hansen.
In 2009 and 2011 he was named "Swiss rider of the year".
In 2012, he competed in London with "Nino de Buissonnets" at his third Olympic Games. He was the only rider who jumped cleanly in the two final rounds of the competition and won the individual jumping gold medal. He was the first Swiss rider to win a gold medal in the jumping event since 1924 where Alphonse Gemuseus won in individual jumping.
Personal life.
Steve is the youngest son of Olympic show jumper Philippe Guerdat.
Since April 2007 Guerdat lives in Herrliberg.
Horses.
current:
former show horses:

</doc>
<doc id="19532600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532600" title="(44594) 1999 OX3">
(44594) 1999 OX3

Classification.
Neptune has a semi-major axis of 30 AU and has a semi-major axis of 32 AU. The Minor Planet Center (MPC) does not classify this object as a centaur because the MPC defines centaurs as having a semi-major axis of less than 30.066 AU. crosses the orbits of both Neptune and Uranus and has an inclination of only 2.62°. The Deep Ecliptic Survey (DES) defines centaurs using a dynamical classification scheme, based on the behavior of orbital integrations over 10 million years. The DES defines centaurs as nonresonant objects whose osculating perihelia are less than the osculating semimajor axis of Neptune at any time during the integration. Using the dynamical definition of a centaur, is a centaur.

</doc>
<doc id="19532601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532601" title="Hamadoni District">
Hamadoni District

Hamadoni District is a district in the south-east of Khatlon Province of Tajikistan, located south of Kulob and stretching along a section of the Panj on the border with Afghanistan. Population 123,800 (2007 data). Between 1950 and 2004 called Moskovskiy District, then renamed in honor of Mir Said Ali Hamadoni, a 14th-century Persian poet and scholar who is buried in Khatlon. 
The district capital is Moskovskiy or Moskva () (located at ).

</doc>
<doc id="19532616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532616" title="Leiocephalus inaguae">
Leiocephalus inaguae

Leiocephalus inaguae, commonly known as the Inaguae Curly-tailed Lizard, is a lizard species from the family of curly-tailed lizards ("Leiocephalidae").
The males can reach 90mm (3.5 inches) from snout to vent (SVL), the females smaller at about 74mm (3 inches) SVL. There is a strong colouration difference between the males and females (dichromatism).
It prefers dry, exposed areas and is common on the coast, where it can be found amongst building materials, rocks and drift wood.
The species are typical omnivores, feeding on insects (Lepidoptera larvae, Coleoptera, Formicidae), spiders, fruits, flowers and buds.
The curly-tailed lizard is endemic to the Bahamas and has an extremely restricted range as it is only found on Great Inagua. It is not listed by the IUCN or CITES as needing any special conservation, however, research is needed to determine its vulnerability due to its restricted range.

</doc>
<doc id="19532625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532625" title="Hot House (Steve Lacy album)">
Hot House (Steve Lacy album)

Hot House is an album by Steve Lacy and Mal Waldron released on the RCA Novus label in 1991. It features duo performances of tunes written by Herbie Nichols, Tadd Dameron, Bud Powell, Thelonious Monk. Sidney Bechet, Duke Ellington along with two compositions by Waldron and one by Lacy.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Chris Kelsey awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "Though certain gestures recur during the course of their improvisations, those gestures (the raw materials of improvisation) are smaller than those used by younger, less resourceful players. It's as if, instead of building a house made out of prefabricated materials, Lacy and Waldron cut down the trees, split the logs, plane the wood, and nail the boards together one by one. Of course, a Lacy/Waldron house is unlikely to look as slick as one of those prefab jobs, but it will be a much nicer place in which to live. And it's a heckuva a lot more likely to weather the test of time.".

</doc>
<doc id="19532629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532629" title="Ruslan Adzhindzhal">
Ruslan Adzhindzhal

Ruslan Alekseyevich Adzhindzhal (, born 22 June 1974 in Gagra) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara in the Russian Premier League. He is an identical twin brother of Beslan Adzhindzhal.

</doc>
<doc id="19532631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532631" title="Salomy Jane">
Salomy Jane

Salomy Jane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19532645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532645" title="Iron star">
Iron star

In astronomy, an iron star is a hypothetical type of star that could occur in the universe in 101500 years. The premise behind iron stars states that cold fusion occurring via quantum tunnelling would cause the light nuclei in ordinary matter to fuse into iron-56 nuclei. Fission and alpha-particle emission would then make heavy nuclei decay into iron, converting stellar-mass objects to cold spheres of iron. The formation of these stars is only a possibility if the proton does not decay.

</doc>
<doc id="19532670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532670" title="Qaragol">
Qaragol

Qaragol may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19532715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532715" title="Beslan Adzhindzhal">
Beslan Adzhindzhal

Beslan Alekseyevich Adzhindzhal (, born 22 June 1974 in Gagra, Abkhazia, Georgia) is a Russian footballer who last played for FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok. He is an identical twin brother of Ruslan Adzhindzhal.
Adzhindzhal started his career at football club at Abkhaz ASSR. After Georgia declared independence in 1991, both brothers left for the Russian club FC Druzhba Maykop.

</doc>
<doc id="19532734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532734" title="Alexander Bălănescu">
Alexander Bălănescu

Alexander Bălănescu () (born June 11, 1954) is a Romanian violinist, and founder of the Balanescu Quartet.
Biography.
Balanescu was born in Bucharest, and at the age of seven went to the Special School for Music there. His teachers in Romania were Dolly Koritzer, Garabet Avakian and Stephan Gheorghiu. His studies continued at the Rubin Academy in Jerusalem with Iair Kless, London’s Trinity College with Bela Katona, and from 1975-79 at the Juilliard School, New York with Dorothy DeLay, where he also took part in master classes with Pinchas Zukerman, Itzhak Perlman, Felix Galimir and Robert Mann.
In 1979 Balanescu became leader of the Michael Nyman Band and toured with this group around the world for 15 years. During the same period he was also a member of the Gavin Bryars Ensemble.
Balanescu was in the Arditti Quartet for four years before forming his own quartet in 1987. The Balanescu Quartet has worked closely with Michael Nyman, Gavin Bryars, Kevin Volans, as well as musicians from varied musical fields such as John Lurie, David Byrne, Keith Tippett, Carla Bley, Rabih Abou Khalil, Spiritualized and the Pet Shop Boys. The dynamism of the quartet and its innovative approach to repertoire has led to performances on four continents in diverse venues, ranging from intimate clubs to stadiums.
Collaborations as composer/performer include, in dance, with Meryl Tankard, Pina Bausch, Rosemary Lee, Suzy Blok, Jochen Ulrich, Phillipe Saire and Virgilio Sieni, and in theatre productions at Theatre de la Place, Liege, Belgrade State Theatre, Cabaret Dromesko, Rennes, and Watford Palace Theatre. Balanescu's credits as a composer of film and TV music include the feature films "Angels & Insects" (dir. Philip Haas), "Le Poulpe" (dir. Guillaume Nicloux), "Il Partigiano Johnny" (dir. Guido Chiesa), "Eisenstein" (dir. Renny Bartlett) and "The Way I Spent the End of the World" (dir. Cătălin Mitulescu) and over 20 animated films, the majority with his longstanding collaborator the director Phil Mulloy. In 2008 he wrote the music for the Hungarian film "Tablo" (dir. Gabor Dettre), performed by the Balanescu Quartet. 2009 saw a renewal of his collaboration with the director Philip Haas for the film installations "Skeletons Warming themselves by the Fire" and "The Death of Pentheus" commissioned by the Kimbell Art Museum, Fort Worth, Texas. "The Death of Pentheus" was also screened at the Venice Film Festival.
His increasingly strong links with his Romanian roots have been the catalyst for a collaboration with the singer and actress Ada Milea, resulting in the pieces "The Island" and "God’s Playground".
Balanescu was commissioned by Opera North to set a Shakespeare sonnet as part of the presentation of Shakespeare’s complete works by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 2007. Also that year, Balanescu was awarded the inaugural "Gopo" award for best original soundtrack for his work on "The Way I Spent the End of the World". April 2007 saw the première by the Bruckner Orchestra under Ingo Metzmacher, of the full length ballet "Lorenzaccio" commissioned by the Landestheater, Linz, with choreography by Jochen Ulrich.
One can find recordings of Balanescu’s original work on his albums for Mute ("Maria T", "Possessed", "Luminitz", "Angels & Insects") as well as his tribute to the Yellow Magic Orchestra, "East Meets East" (Con-Sipio), his score for the Italian war film "Il Partigiano Johnny" (Virgin, Italy), collaborations with electronic artists, "Lume, Lume" (Staubgold), being featured on Carla Bley's "Big Band Theory", as well as guesting on albums by Goldfrapp, Gianna Nanini, Malika, To Rococo Rot, Spiritualized, Rabih Abou Khalil, The Pet Shop Boys and Grace Jones. He has also documented on record his collaborations with the Russian accordionist Evelina Petrova, "Upside Down" (Leo records), as well as his quartet with the guitarist Maurizio Brounod, Claudio Cojanitz and Masimo Barbieri, "Marmaduke" (splasc(H)records) and Luigi Cinque’s group Luna Reverse (EMI).
He is a performer of contemporary music and can be heard playing an arrangement of the University Challenge TV quiz programme intro and outro theme. He has also performed on many of Peter Greenaway's films including "The Draughtsman's Contract" and "The Cook, the Thief, His Wife & Her Lover". Several short animated films by Phil Mulloy use his music.
He founded and leads the Balanescu Quartet and is a founding member of the Michael Nyman Band, performing on most of their albums, except between 1994 and 1998, as well as other ensembles playing Michael Nyman's music. He left the band during the recording of "Facing Goya", and his concertmaster seat was assumed by Gabrielle Lester.
Balanescu has lived in London for over 40 years and is married to the viola player Katie Wilkinson.
Recordings.
Solo:
Group:
Featured:

</doc>
<doc id="19532735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532735" title="Cairns Tilt Train derailment">
Cairns Tilt Train derailment

The Cairns Tilt Train derailment occurred at 11:55 pm on 15 November 2004 when the "City of Townsville" diesel tilt train derailed north of Berajondo, approximately northwest of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.
The prima facie cause of the incident was excessive speed; the train was travelling at when it derailed at the beginning of a curve with a speed limit of . Despite the seriousness of the incident, there were no fatalities.
Background.
The train.
Following from the successful introduction of the two electric tilting trains between Brisbane and Rockhampton in 1998, the "City of Cairns" and "City of Townsville" diesel tilt trains were introduced on 15 June 2003 between Brisbane and Cairns. As only a third of the North Coast railway line from Brisbane to Cairns is electrified, the two diesel trains were required to further major destinations such as Townsville and Cairns.
Originally to be called "The Tropical Explorer" with a colourful tropical livery reflecting "the sun, blue sky, beach and palms", the name was soon quietly dropped and instead called the "Cairns Tilt Train" similar to its earlier electric version, with a simple, plain yellow and maroon striped livery along its stainless steel body.
The trains operate at speeds of up to and consist of two push-pull diesel engines at each end (four engines per train), six sitting cars, and one Club Car with a trolley service delivering meals to seats. There is 2+1 Business Class seating throughout the train with an individual entertainment system of multiple movie and audio channels.
The trains are fitted with a data logger, manufactured by the Finnish company EKE Electronics Ltd., that records information about the vehicle and track, maintenance data, and the speed and operation of the train. This information was retrieved from the unit and used by investigators in determining the cause of the incident.
Train protection systems.
Using the experience of its many years of railway operations, QR developed a series of methods to reduce the risk of accident to its tilt trains. The train was under the protection of:
While QR had Automatic Train Protection on the line that would apply the brakes if the driver failed to respond to warnings, it was not implemented on tilt trains as it believed the protection methods it was using would be sufficient.
The service.
The tilt trains cut the travel time between Brisbane and Cairns by seven hours, with a daylight service between Mackay and Cairns so as not to duplicate electric tilt trains to Rockhampton. Services were three times a week, departing Roma Street railway station, Brisbane on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 6:25 pm, arriving Cairns railway station Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays at 7:20 pm; returning from Cairns on Sundays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8:15 am, arriving Brisbane at 9:10 am on Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays.
Incident.
The train departed Roma Street railway station in the Brisbane central business district on time at 6:25 pm on service VCQ5 to Cairns. The first change of crew was at Bundaberg; the drivers of the first part of the journey found no defects with the train and reported the trip as uneventful.
Departing Bundaberg two minutes early at 11:11 pm with a driver and co-driver, five passenger service attendants and 150 passengers, the train reached Berajondo at 11:50 pm. Four minutes later, after passing through a series of curved sections of track with speed restrictions between and , the co-driver left his seat and driver's cabin and went to a vestibule area adjacent to make a "brew" for the driver, as he had complained about the quality of the beverage that was offered at Bundaberg.
The driver was driving the train normally, keeping it under or close to posted speed limits. Travelling at with a limit of , at 11:55:11 pm the train passed over a midsection train protection magnet to warn of a lower speed limit ahead. The driver immediately acknowledged the alarm, and kept the train at speed with the throttle at 60 per cent power. At 11:55:24 pm, close to the speed limit sign, the driver moved the train's throttle to zero power, then to emergency braking less than one second after.
At 11:55:27 pm, from Brisbane (Roma Street), the train derailed at . Lead power car 5403 came to rest past the point of derailment parallel to the track after skidding onto its right side. Baggage car 'A' came to rest upright behind it, first sitting car 'B' was approximately 40 degrees off to the line of travel, sitting cars 'C' and 'D' jack-knifed at right angles to the track. Club car 'E' came to rest parallel to the track but some away from it due to the force of the derailing cars before and after it. Sitting car 'F' was about 90 degrees to the track, while the last sitting car 'G' was on the left side of the track. Trailing power car 5404 remained upright with just its lead bogie partially derailed to the left. All cars became uncoupled, except for cars 'A' and 'B'.
As the train derailed underneath electrified overhead lines, the Electrical Control Operator at Rockhampton contacted North Coast Control at 11:57 pm to report that a circuit breaker had tripped the 25 kV AC traction power supply approximately 419 km north of Brisbane. North Coast Control identified this as where the tilt train was travelling through, and tried to contact the driver a number of times by radio but did not receive a response. As the train is powered by diesel engines, it would not necessarily have been affected by an interruption to the overhead power supply. At the same time, a passenger from the derailed train called emergency services on his mobile phone and raised the alarm of the incident. News of this incident was reported back to North Coast Control and at 12:02 am, along with the report by the Electrical Control Operator of the overhead traction power supply being tripped, it was recognised that a major incident had occurred.
Investigation.
Three investigations were launched after the incident: internally within QR; by Queensland Transport as rail safety in Queensland is regulated by the state government department, with the Department of Industrial Relations' Division of Workplace Health and Safety and Electrical Safety Office; and the Australian Transport Safety Bureau to look at causes for the incident and to make recommendations to prevent it happening again.
Initial train event recorder release.
On 17 November 2004, just over a day after the derailment, QR's Chief Executive Officer, Bob Scheuber, along with the Queensland Police Commissioner, Robert Atkinson, released the data held in the train event recorder that showed that the train was travelling at when it derailed, at a point with a limit of . Scheuber said that it was not known if speed was the only cause of the derailment, but that "it would be one of the contributing factors". The release of this information angered the Australian Federated Union of Locomotive Employees, which covers train crews including drivers, which threatened a 24-hour strike on Friday, pending a telephone hook-up with members on Thursday night. The industrial action did not proceed.
Australian Transport Safety Bureau investigation findings.
The prima facie cause of the derailment was excessive speed – at the beginning of a curve with a speed limit of . The lead power car rolled, dragging most of the remaining cars off the track. The driver did not reduce speed before the train entered the curve where it derailed. The investigation believed that there was no evidence that the driver deliberately ignored speed limits or drove in excess of limits, nor that he intended the train to derail. Up to the time of the derailment, the train was in steady power, and the brakes were not activated until just before it derailed. The report found that the driver may have been disorientated or distracted up to the curve, and did not recognise where the train was.
At from Brisbane, and 61 seconds before the derailment, the speed limit was , an increase from . The report found that it may have been possible that the driver mistook the midsection alarm to be the station protection magnet alarm before Baffle. After the curve where the train derailed is a similar layout of track, where, after an increase of the speed limit to , is a left curve with a speed limit of before Baffle.
The report also found that the driver may have left the driving position for a moment to get food from his bag or the mini fridge, under the belief that it was safe to do so. After reorientating himself returning to his seat, it would have been too late to apply the emergency brakes with the train travelling too fast.
The second driver's absence from the cab removed the primary defenses of having two drivers in the cab to avoid errors made by just one. The co-driver sits to the right of the driver, and their main task is to observe that the driver is controlling the train safely, to watch the direction the train is travelling and call signals verbally, which the driver acknowledges. The co-driver can intervene in the control of the train should the driver not react appropriately. Before the derailment, there was no requirement for the co-driver to call out critical speed limit changes, nor prohibit the co-driver from leaving the cab to, say, prepare beverages in the adjacent area.
The weather was fine, wind was low, and the temperature was . The moon had set at 7:23 pm, over four hours earlier, and was 26° below the horizon, meaning that while visibility was good the area was in complete darkness. With the exception of the illumination given by the headlights, this darkness exposed a weakness in another of the train's protection methods – drivers having knowledge and competence of the route they operate in – as landmarks cannot be seen, drivers' field of view is reduced and their spatial awareness compromised.
Aftermath.
Damage caused by the derailment was significant. About of track and sleepers was damaged, and three stanchions supporting the overhead power lines and associated wiring were destroyed had to be replaced. The cost of the incident, including subsequent investigation, was estimated to be A$35.5 million.
Repairs to the track were completed on 20 November 2004, five days after the derailment. All tilt trains were limited to , and resumed higher running speeds on 15 June 2007 after QR had implemented safety recommendations from the investigations including fitting the fleet with Automatic Train Protection that would automatically slow or stop the train if the driver has not responded to warnings of a stop signal ahead or a curve speed restriction.
The train sustained a considerable amount of damage and needed structural repairs. Thirty EDI Rail trade staff and 20 support staff from Korea, the Netherlands, Japan and Germany worked on repairs estimated to cost A$30 million. The train was fully repaired by its manufacturer, Downer EDI Rail in Maryborough, and returned to service.

</doc>
<doc id="19532825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532825" title="Aleksandr Belozyorov">
Aleksandr Belozyorov

Aleksandr Nikolayevich Belozyorov (; born October 27, 1981 in Tolyatti) is a Russian footballer currently playing for Ural.

</doc>
<doc id="19532941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532941" title="South Australian Football Commission">
South Australian Football Commission

The South Australian Football Commission is the sports governing body of Australian rules football in South Australia.
The organisation was formed in 1991 when the South Australian National Football League altered its constitution to effectively allow the body to manage revenues from the licences of South Australian clubs in the Australian Football League (the Adelaide Crows and later Port Adelaide Power).
The commission also effectively owns Football Park on behalf of the SANFL.
The president and executive officer have the same role in both the SANFL and the SAFC.

</doc>
<doc id="19532944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532944" title="Puysegur Trench">
Puysegur Trench

The deep Puysegur Trench is a deep cleft in the floor of the south Tasman Sea formed by the subduction of the Indo-Australian Plate under the Pacific Plate to the south of New Zealand. Immediately to its east lies a ridge, a northern extension of the Macquarie Ridge, which separates the Puysegur Trench from the Solander Trough. To the west is the expanse of the Tasman Basin, which stretches most of the distance to Australia. To the north of the trench lies the Fiordland Basin, which can be considered an extension of the trench. The Puysegur Trench mirrors the Kermadec Trench and Tonga Trench north of New Zealand.
The Puysegur Trench stretches for over 800 kilometres south from the southwesternmost point of the South Island's coast, its southernmost extent being 400 kilometres due west of the Auckland Islands. It is named after Puysegur Point.
Earthquakes.
The area around the Puysegur Trench is highly seismically active, with the Alpine Fault starting at the trench's northern end; in July 2009, New Zealand's third-largest recorded earthquake (magnitude 7.8) struck close to the northern end of the trench off the coast of Fiordland. A magnitude 7.2 quake hit the trench itself in November 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19532950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532950" title="Nyūgawa, Ehime">
Nyūgawa, Ehime


</doc>
<doc id="19532961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532961" title="Ion Manolescu-Strunga">
Ion Manolescu-Strunga

Ion N. Manolescu-Strunga (May 12, 1889 in Strunga, Iaşi County, Romania - April 19, 1951 in Sighet, Romania) was a Romanian liberal politician. He studied economics in Vienna and afterwards obtained his doctor's degree at the University of Berlin. He was undersecretary of the Ministry of Agriculture in 1933-1934, and again in 1936. He also was Minister of Industry and Commerce from October 5, 1934 to August 1, 1935, and Minister, secretary of state from November 17, 1937 to December 28, 1937.
Under the communist regime he was arrested on May 6, 1950. He was sentenced to 2 years of hard labor and sent to the Sighet prison where he died on April 19, 1951.
After his death, his wife Irina Manolescu-Strunga (born Filotti) was also arrested and sentenced to two years in prison. 

</doc>
<doc id="19532975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19532975" title="Sempre Amore">
Sempre Amore

Sempre Amore is an album by Steve Lacy and Mal Waldron released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1987. It features duo performances of tunes written by Duke Ellington and Billy Strayhorn.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "Although adventurous in spots, their interpretations of such pieces as "Johnny Come Lately," "Prelude To A Kiss" and "Smada" are quite respectful and keep the strong melodies in mind. Recommended". 

</doc>
<doc id="19533008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533008" title="Jefferson County Sheriff's Department (West Virginia)">
Jefferson County Sheriff's Department (West Virginia)

The Jefferson County Sheriff's Department (JCSD) is the primary law enforcement agency servicing 50,443 (not including an influx of tourist population mainly into Harpers Ferry and Charles Town) within of jurisdiction in Jefferson County, WV.
Organization.
The current sheriff is Peter H. Doughtery. His Chief Executive is Jesse Jones, also a retired veteran of the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.
The agency consists of 20 sworn officers (including the sheriff) and four civilian aides. The JCSD is divided into two sections: Patrol and Court Services. The patrol section provides full-service 9-1-1 law enforcement response. The court services section provides security for the Jefferson County courthouse, service of all court-ordered writs, and prisoner detention and transportation.
Notable incidents.
In February 2007, Corporal Ronald Fletcher was shot and critically wounded during a stand-off at the residence of the girlfriend of a suspect, Dorsey Cox. Cox had been at his girlfriend's house retrieving personal items in violation of a court-ordered protective order. As Corporal Fletcher approached the house, Cox fled inside and subsequently shot Corporal Fletcher three times, one of which struck the officer in the chest. The State Police's SWAT team entered the house. Cox was later found dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
On June 5, 2012, Sheriff Robert Shirley was indicted on one count of deprivation of rights under color of law and one count of destruction, falsification or alteration of a record in a federal investigation. He is alleged to have beaten Mark Daniel Haines, who later plead guilty to bank robbery, during his arrest on December 27, 2010. He is also alleged to have altered a use of force report while the incident was under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case is ongoing.
Shirley and 14 other "John Doe" law enforcement officers are also currently the subject of a civil rights lawsuit filed by Haines. The lawsuit alleges that Shirley and the other officers used excessive force while arresting Haines. The case is ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="19533125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533125" title="De Dhakka">
De Dhakka

De Dhakka (Marathi: दे धक्का) is a Marathi film released in India in 2008 inspired by the Hollywood film "Little Miss Sunshine" (2006).
Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar, the play back singer of this film, received Maharashtra State Award, V Shantaram Award and Maharashtra Times award in the category of 'Best Play back singer'.
Plot.
The story revolves around the Jadhav family. Makarand(Makarand Anaspure) after spending all his wealth has invented an auto part which he claims will drastically lower the fuel consumption of vehicles. But being from a rural background and having no formal education he is never taken seriously. Subhanrav(Shivaji Satam) makarand's father leaves no opportunity to blame his son for selling all his land on failed pursuits. Sumi (Medha) is makarand's humble 2nd wife. While the family is going through an economic crisis, a golden opportunity is presented when makarand's daughter is selected for the final round of a dance competition with a huge prize money. The family scrapes their last resources and leaves on a life changing journey to reach the competition venue.
Reception.
De Dhakka was a success at the box office. The movie garnered Rs. 4 crore in its third week. Critics received the film well noting the movie had a good storyline and performances.

</doc>
<doc id="19533136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533136" title="All I Want (Toad the Wet Sprocket song)">
All I Want (Toad the Wet Sprocket song)

"All I Want" is a 1992 song by alternative rock band Toad the Wet Sprocket from their successful 1991 album "Fear".
Charts.
"All I Want" was Toad the Wet Sprocket's first successful song. It became one of their most well-known songs and reached the top twenty on the Billboard Hot 100.
Cover versions.
Post-hardcore band Emery recorded a cover of the song, which was included on the 2006 compilation "Punk Goes 90's".

</doc>
<doc id="19533156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533156" title="Daniel Juárez">
Daniel Juárez

Daniel Alejandro Juárez (born 7 January 1975 in San Salvador de Jujuy) is a footballer.
Club career.
Juarez has played most of his career in the Primera División Argentina, almost entirely with Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy. He then spent two seasons with Club Jorge Wilstermann in Bolivia. In September 2008, Juarez joined Alajuelense in the Primera División de Costa Rica. On March 19, 2009 he was fired due to his poor performance with LD Alajuelense.

</doc>
<doc id="19533157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533157" title="Discovery Island Light">
Discovery Island Light

In 1886 the Discovery Island Lighthouse was built on Pandora Hill which is the highest point on Discovery Island in the province of British Columbia, Canada. The government appointed Richard Brinn to be the first lighthouse keeper. His daughter Mary Ann Croft assisted him. In 1902 after her father died Mary Ann Croft was officially appointed the lighthouse keeper, when she became the first female lighthouse keeper in Canada. In 1932 Croft retired, and moved to Victoria with a pension of $43 a month. She had spent a total of 46 years living on the island. In 1996 the lighthouse was automated after having been manned for 110 years. On September 3, 2004 the foghorn at the lighthouse was deactivated and removed from the station. Today nobody lives on the island and the lighthouse buildings are deteriorating.

</doc>
<doc id="19533214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533214" title="The Mosaic Project">
The Mosaic Project

The Mosaic Project is an 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that has been teaching peace and understanding to children in the San Francisco Bay Area since 2001.
Curriculum.
Various teaching methods are used, including kinesthetic learning. Students are taught self-respect and respect of others, as well as ethnic awareness. The pedagogy is supported by social science research.
Outdoor School.
The Outdoor School is a program for fourth and fifth grade students. During the duration of five days and four nights, students are exposed to diverse settings and experience racial integration firsthand. The program focuses on community and building self-esteem. It is well regarded by area parents.
Staff.
The year-round staff consists of the five individuals who oversee the organization. There is also a board of directors. The Mosaic Project works with over two dozen partner schools.
Children Songs for Peace and a Better World.
The "Children's Songs for Peace and a Better World" album is a compilation of songs written and performed by members of the Mosaic Project, including Brett Dennen. It has received a Children’s Music Web 2004 Award as well as a Parent’s Choice 2004 Approved Award. Songs from the CD have been aired on the KFOG and KPFA radio stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19533240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533240" title="Betty Caywood">
Betty Caywood

Betty Caywood is an American sportscaster. She was one of the first female Major League Baseball broadcasters, providing color commentary on radio broadcasts for the Kansas City Athletics in September, 1964.
Caywood had previously worked as a weather reporter on a Chicago television station. On September 16, 1964, Caywood was hired by Athletics' owner Charles Finley to provide a female perspective on the games. Caywood provided color commentary while Monte Moore and George Bryson provided the play by play. She did not return to the broadcasts in 1965.
Caywood was born in Chicago, Illinois grew up in Kansas City, Missouri and graduated from Marymount College in Salina, Kansas. She later earned a Master's degree in speech therapy from Northwestern University.
Caywood, now known as Betty Caywood Bushman, returned to the baseball broadcast booth on August 16, 2008, joining the WHB radio broadcast of games for the independent baseball team, the Kansas City T-Bones. 

</doc>
<doc id="19533257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533257" title="WeSPa-Tsubakiyama Station">
WeSPa-Tsubakiyama Station

History.
Wesupa-Tsubakiyama Station was opened on December 1, 2001 as a station on JR East. Initially, only the special express "Resort Shirakami" stopped at this station. From December 2, 2002, all local service trains on the Gonō Line also began services to this station.
Station layout.
Wesupa-Tsubakiyama Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. The station is unattended, and is managed from Fukaura Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19533263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533263" title="1990 Winchester 400">
1990 Winchester 400

The twenty-first annual AC-Delco Winchester 400 motor race (yearly since 1970) was held under American Speed Association sanction on September 30, 1990, at the Winchester Speedway, Indiana (USA).
In addition to clinching the 1990 ASA Championship, Bob Senneker added a record seventh "400" win to his resume. In domination fashion, Senneker held off a furious late challenge from Scott Hansen to claim his first "400" victory since 1984.
The race.
Dave Jackson of Loveland, OH grabbed the early lead after starting from the pole. Jackson showed the way until being passed by Hansen on lap 28. Hansen paced the field until making a stop for tires on lap 99, handing the lead back to Jackson. The Ohio driver would lead only a few laps before yielding to Senneker on lap 109. Hansen took the lead from Senneker on lap 184, but Senneker was back in front at the halfway point. The last half of the race saw Hansen and Glenn Allen, Jr. make valiant charges. Hansen moving rapidly from fifth to second just past the 200-lap mark, and Allen charging from sixth to third in the final 56 laps.
Despite leading every one of the last 200 laps, Senneker finished a mere 0.74 seconds ahead of Hansen at the checkers. Allen, Jr. finished third with Jackson and Canadian Junior Hanley rounding out the top-five. Senneker was awarded $12,265 for his seventh-career win in the 400.

</doc>
<doc id="19533284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533284" title="British journalism scandals">
British journalism scandals

There have been a number of scandals in the history of British journalism.
Notable scandals.
James Forlong, Sky News (2003).
In April 2003 the Sky News Network carried a report from James Forlong aboard the British nuclear submarine HMS "Splendid" purportedly showing a live firing of a cruise missile, at sea in the Persian Gulf, during the Iraq war. The report included scenes of the crew members giving instructions related to the launch of the missile and included a sequence in which a crew member pressed a large red button marked with the word "FIRE" and accompanied by a sequence of a missile breaking the surface of the water and launching into the air. The report was a fabrication, with the crew acting along for the benefit of the cameras. The "Sky News" team did not accompany the submarine when it left port and the scenes were actually recorded whilst the vessel was docked. The shot of the missile breaking the surface had been obtained from stock footage.
The faked report was revealed because a BBC film crew did accompany the vessel to sea. The BBC crew filmed a real cruise missile launch for the BBC TV series "Fighting the War". The BBC footage showed how, with modern computerised launching systems, a missile is not launched by pressing a red button but is actually launched with a left mouse click. The BBC passed the information onto "The Guardian" newspaper who broke the story on July 18, 2003.
James Forlong was suspended from "Sky News" pending an investigation. In October 2003, he was found dead by his wife after committing suicide by hanging. In December, Sky News was fined £50,000 by the Independent Television Commission for breaching accuracy regulations.
Adnan Hajj, Reuters (2006).
Reuters pulled 920 photographs of the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict from freelance photographer Adnan Hajj in August 2006 after it was exposed that several high-profile photographs had been altered heavily in Adobe Photoshop; see Adnan Hajj photographs controversy. The manipulations exaggerated the damage done by Israeli bombing.
Reuters "killed" the 'photograph' and admitted that the photographer had altered it, saying "photo editing software was improperly used on this image. A corrected version will immediately follow this advisory. We are sorry for any inconvenience." Head of PR Moira Whittle said: "Reuters takes such matters extremely seriously as it is strictly against company editorial policy to alter pictures."

</doc>
<doc id="19533311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533311" title="Censorship in Venezuela">
Censorship in Venezuela

The Constitution of Venezuela protects freedom of expression and freedom of the press. Article 57 states that "Everyone has the right to express freely his or her thoughts, ideas or opinions orally, in writing or by any other form of expression, and to use for such purpose any means of communication and diffusion, and no censorship shall be established." It also states that "Censorship restricting the ability of public officials to report on matters for which they are responsible is prohibited." Meanwhile, according to Article 58, "Everyone has the right to
timely, truthful and impartial information, without censorship..."
The state does not exercise control over the media in Venezuela; about 70% of media outlets on both radio and television are in private hands, while 5% are state-owned, and another 25% are community media outlets.
Media watchdog groups in the US often accuse Venezuela of censorship. For example, Reporters Without Borders ranked Venezuela 117th out of 179 countries in its "Press Freedom Index 2011-2012".
Law on Social Responsibility of Radio and Television.
The Law on Social Responsibility of Radio and Television (Ley de Responsabilidad de Radio y Television in Spanish) entered into force in December 2004. Its stated aim is to "strike a democratic balance between duties, rights, and interests, in order to promote social justice and further the development of the citizenry, democracy, peace, human rights, education, culture, public health, and the nation's social and economic development." 
Supporters of the law and detractors have debated its significance in terms of freedom of expression and journalism in the country. Some complained about the fact that it limits violent and sexual content on television and radio during daytime hours in order to protect children. For example, Human Rights Watch argued that these limits are not fair for broadcasters, "making it necessary for them to present a sanitized version of the news during the day". It also suggested that "insult laws" in articles 115, 121 and 125 of the bill could result in political censorship. 
Some have criticized Human Rights Watch reports of painting an inaccurate portrait of Venezuela, such as Mark Weisbrot of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington, who wrote: "Its media routinely broadcasts reporting and commentary that would not be allowed under FCC rules in the US. And the vast majority of the media in Venezuela is still controlled by the rightwing opposition. This fact was buried in a footnote in a highly prejudiced and misleading 230-page report by Human Rights Watch. The footnote acknowledged that RCTV, which lost its broadcast licence for a long list of offences that would have landed its owners in jail in the US, still has a cable audience that is bigger than all the Venezuelan state television combined."
Broadcast licences.
In May 2007, controversies on press freedom were further exacerbated when RCTV (Radio Caracas Television)'s terrestrial broadcast licence expired, with the government declining to renew it. An article by Reporters Without Borders stated that: 
"Reporters Without Borders condemns the decision of the Venezuela Supreme Court to rule an appeal by Radio Caracas Televisión (RCTV) against the loss of its license as "inadmissible". The appeal, lodged on 9 February 2007, was rejected on 18 May, putting a stop to any further debate. President Hugo Chávez said on 28 December 2006 that he would oppose renewal of the group's broadcast license, accusing the channel of having supported the 11 April 2002 coup attempt in which he was briefly removed from office. According to the government the license expired on 27 May 2007, a date contested by RCTV, which insists its license is valid until 2022. Without waiting for the 27 May or the Supreme Court's decision, Hugo Chávez on 11 May awarded RCTV's channel 2 frequency by decree to a new public service channel, Televisora Venezolana Social (TVes)". 
After the closure of the TV station on 2007, the station launched a new channel named RCTV International that was broadcast on cable/satellite TV. Following its move to cable, RCTV relaunched itself as RCTV International, in an attempt to escape the regulation of the Venezuelan media law. In mid-2009 the Venezuelan media regulator, CONATEL, declared that cable broadcasters would be subject to the new media law if 70% or more of their content and operations were domestic. In January 2010 CONATEL concluded that RCTV met that criterion (being more than 90% domestic according to CONATEL), and reclassified it as a domestic media source, and therefore subject to the requirements to broadcast state announcements, known as "cadenas". Along with several other cable providers, RCTV refused to do so and was sanctioned with temporary closure. It reopened on cable, which is widely available in Venezuela. Other sanctioned channels include the American Network, America TV and TV Chile. TV Chile, an international channel of Chilean state television, had failed to respond to a January 14 deadline for clarifying the nature of its content. Cable network providers have been encouraged by the Venezuelan government to remove those channels that are found to be in violation of existing media regulations.
Internet censorship.
Access to the Internet in Venezuela continues to be largely unrestricted. The level of self-censorship is hard to evaluate, but the adoption of legislation that could potentially limit Internet freedom has yet to have any damaging effect in practice. As a result Reporters Without Borders removed Venezuela from its list of countries "under surveillance".
The OpenNet Initiative found no evidence of Internet filtering in the political, social, conflict/security, and Internet tools areas in 2012.
In December 2010, the government of Venezuela approved a law named "Social Responsibility in Radio, Television and Electronic Media" ("Ley de Responsabilidad Social en Radio, Televisión y Medios Electrónicos"). The law is intended to exercise control over content that could "entice felonies", "create social distress", or "question the legitimate constituted authority". The law indicates that the website's owners will be responsible for any information and contents published, and that they will have to create mechanisms that could restrict without delay the distribution of content that could go against the aforementioned restrictions. The fines for individuals who break the law will be of the 10% of the person's last year's income. The law was received with criticism from the opposition on the grounds that it is a violation of freedom of speech protections stipulated in the Venezuelan constitution, and that it encourages censorship and self-censorship.
In November 2013 the Venezuelan telecommunications regulator, CONATEL, began ordering ISPs to block websites that provide the black market exchange rate. ISPs must comply within 24 hours or face sanctions, which could include the loss of their concessions. Within a month ISPs had restricted access to more than 100 URLs. The order is based on Venezuela's 2004 media law which makes it illegal to disseminate information that could sow panic among the general public. 
Starting on 12 February 2014 the Venezuelan government blocked users’ online images on Twitter. The move appears to be an attempt to limit images of protests against shortages and the world's highest inflation rate. Clashes between opposition-affiliated students and armed pro-government socialist collectives left at least three dead, 66 injured, and 118 under detintion. It was reported that the image blocking had ended by the morning of 15 February.

</doc>
<doc id="19533342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533342" title="Marcelo Herrera">
Marcelo Herrera

Marcelo Hugo Herrera, nicknamed "Popeye", (born October 5, 1966 in San Salvador de Jujuy) is a retired Argentine football midfielder. He usually played on the right wing. He was part of Vélez Sársfield successful 1990s era, winning 2 domestic and 3 international championships with the club.
Playing career.
Herrera started playing professionally for Salta's club Gimnasia y Tiro in 1992. He was bought by Vélez Sársfield in 1994 and was part of the first team in the club's history to obtain two championships in a row, the Apertura and Clausura of the 1995-96 season. He was Vélez top-scorer on that Clausura tournament, along Patricio Camps, with 7 goals each.
His only playing experience outside Argentina was a 6-month period at MLS' Miami Fusion. He retired in 2001, playing for his hometown club Gimnasia de Jujuy.
Coaching career.
In 2007, Herrera worked as an assistant manager for Hugo Tocalli in Vélez Sársfield. One year later, he was signed as manager of LD Alajuelense in the Costa Rican Primera División.
In 2013, Herrera works as an assistant manager for Carlos Bianchi in Boca Juniors.
Honours.
Vélez Sársfield

</doc>
<doc id="19533449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533449" title="Karanga (district)">
Karanga (district)

Karanga is the smallest of the six traditional districts of the island of Mangaia in the Cook Islands. It is located in the northeast of the island, to the east of the District of Tava'enga and northwest of the District of Ivirua. 

</doc>
<doc id="19533456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533456" title="I-joist">
I-joist

An engineered wood joist, more commonly known as an I-joist, is a product designed to eliminate problems that occur with conventional wood joists. Invented in 1969, the I-joist is an engineered wood product that has great strength in relation to its size and weight. The biggest notable difference from dimensional lumber is that the I-joist carries heavy loads with less lumber than a dimensional solid wood joist. As of 2005, approximately 50% of all wood light framed floors used I-joists. I-joists were designed to help eliminate typical problems that come with using solid lumber as joists. The advantage of I-joists is they will not bow, crown, twist, cup, check or split as would a dimensional piece of lumber. I-joists' dimensional soundness and little or no shrinkage help eliminate squeaky floors.
Design and manufacture.
An I-joist has two main parts, the web and flange. The web is sandwiched between a top and bottom flange, creating the “I” shape. The flange can be made from laminated veneer lumber or solid wood finger-jointed together for ultimate strength. It is grooved on one side to receive the web. The web is typically made from plywood, laminated veneer lumber, or oriented strand board. After sizing the webs and flanges, they are assembled with water-resistant glue by pressing the web into the top and bottom flange. After assembly, the I-joist is end-trimmed and heat-cured or left at room temperature to reach approximately equilibrium moisture content. Sizes vary according to the I-joist's intended load and span. Depths can range from and reach up to in length, although is more common. The intended use for an I-joist is for floor and roof joists, wall studs and roof rafters in both residential and commercial construction.
Installation.
I-joists require correct installation. The most common mistake is misplacing or improperly sizing holes in the web, which can compromise the joist's strength, potentially leading to structural failure. 
Common mistakes made with installing I-joists include cutting or chiseling the flange, improperly sized joist hangers, improper nailing and wrong-sized nails. The rim joist depth must match the I-joist size. Mismatches can strain the joist.
A similar situation occurs where the I-joist crosses a main beam. Installing squash blocks (2x4 materials 1/16 inch higher than the I-joist) alongside the I-joists transfers the load from the I-joist onto the beam. Missed nails and glue setting too fast can can lead to an uneven or squeaky floor.

</doc>
<doc id="19533467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533467" title="Kei'a">
Kei'a

Kei'a is one of the six traditional districts of the island of Mangaia in the Cook Islands. It is located in the west of the island, to the southwest of the District of Tava'enga and northwest of the District of Veitatei. 
The island's largest village, Oneroa, is located in Kei'a District.

</doc>
<doc id="19533481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533481" title="Veitatei">
Veitatei

Veitatei is one of the six traditional districts of the island of Mangaia in the Cook Islands. It is located in the south of the island, to the east of the District of Kei'a and west of the District of Tamarua. 

</doc>
<doc id="19533499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533499" title="Tamarua">
Tamarua

Tamarua is one of the six traditional districts of the island of Mangaia in the Cook Islands. It is located in the southeast of the island, to the south of the District of Ivirua and east of the District of Veitatei. 

</doc>
<doc id="19533507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533507" title="Ivirua">
Ivirua

Ivirua is one of the six traditional districts of the island of Mangaia in the Cook Islands. It is located in the east of the island, to the southeast of the District of Karanga (district) and north of the District of Tamarua. 

</doc>
<doc id="19533531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533531" title="Tava'enga">
Tava'enga

Tava'enga is one of the six traditional districts of the island of Mangaia in the Cook Islands. It is located in the north of the island, to the west of the District of Karanga and east of the District of Kei'a. 

</doc>
<doc id="19533533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533533" title="Oneroa">
Oneroa

Oneroa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19533576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533576" title="Oneroa, Cook Islands">
Oneroa, Cook Islands

Oneroa is the largest village on Mangaia, one of the Cook Islands.It is located in the west of the island, in the district of Kei'a, and contains over half of the island's population. 

</doc>
<doc id="19533577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533577" title="Angela du Maurier">
Angela du Maurier

Angela du Maurier (1 March 1904 – 5 February 2002) was an English novelist who had eleven books published in total, including two volumes of autobiography, "It's Only the Sister" (1951) and "Old Maids Remember".
Life.
The eldest of three daughters of the famous actor-manager Sir Gerald du Maurier and actress Muriel Beaumont (maternal niece of William Comyns Beaumont), she was born in St Pancras, London. Her grandfather was the author and "Punch" cartoonist George du Maurier, who created the character of Svengali in the novel "Trilby". Although three years older than her better known sister Daphne, she outlived her by thirteen years. 
Originally aspiring to follow the family tradition of acting, she planned to be an actress and spent two seasons on the stage. She played Wendy Darling alongside both Gladys Cooper and Dorothy Dickson as Peter Pan. She worked on the land in Cornwall during the war and travelled extensively in Europe. She later turned to writing, with the release of her earlier works coinciding with the publication of her sister's "Rebecca" and "Jamaica Inn". Her works of fiction include "The Road to Leenane", "Pilgrims by the Way", "The Perplexed Heart", "Reveille" and "Treveryan". She lived at Ferryside, the family house in Cornwall, for most of her life. She died in Wandsworth, London, aged 97.
Writings.
According to the British Library Angela du Maurier wrote the following.

</doc>
<doc id="19533579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533579" title="Atanasiu di Iaci">
Atanasiu di Iaci

Frate Atanasiu di Iaci or Athanasiu da Jaci () was a Benedictine monk and historiographer from Aci. He wrote Vinuta di lu re Iapicu in Catania (c.1295), a Sicilian chronicle (or romance) of the arrival and stay of James I in Catania in May 1287. He may also be the author of another Sicilian history, "Lu rebellamentu di Sichilia", written circa 1290, by an anonymous of Messina. Vincenzo di Giovanni suggested that Atanasiu was of Saracen ancestry.
Vincenzo de Gaetano first expressed doubt about the authenticity of the "Vinuta" and the historicity of Atanasiu. The "Vinuta" appears in no earlier work than Pietro Carrera, "Delle memorie historiche della città di Cantania" (1639). He claimed to have found it in a manuscript of San Nicolò l'Arena, now lost. It was first published by the Pietro Bentivegna of Palermo in their "Opuscoli di autori Siciliani" (1760). Its authorship was also treated by Antonio Mongitore "Biblioteca Sicula" (1708). The "Vinuta" was accepted as authentic by Enrico Sicardi for his 1917 edition. Kenneth Setton follows him, but notes that though it sometimes adds valuable details to the history of the War of the Sicilian Vespers, it is frequently untrustworthy. Giulio Bertoni considered it authentic, pointing to the antiquity of its language. If authentic, the "Vinuta" is an important source for the influence of the Italian languages on Sicilian.
Below is a passage describing James' arrival in Catania, then occupied by the Angevins, mostly Frenchmen, followers of Charles of Anjou:
The French ("franzisi") had landed on the same day between Catania and Syracuse and had begun to besiege Augusta. By June their supplies were running short. In July they were forced to lift their siege of Augusta and their garrison fled Catania.

</doc>
<doc id="19533584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533584" title="Steppingstone Museum">
Steppingstone Museum

The Steppingstone Museum is a non-profit educational and cultural institution that focuses on the commercial and cultural aspects of United States rural life in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It is located near the Susquehanna River in Harford County, just northwest of Havre de Grace, Maryland.
Today's museum is based on the private collection of J. Edmund Bull, who amassed 7,000 tools and artifacts. The Bull collection was originally displayed at his home, which he dubbed Steppingstone. In 1979, the museum relocated to the former Gilman Paul property, an 18th-century stone farm in Susquehanna State Park, and was expanded to include demonstrative displays of various vocational trades that were commonplace in rural communities of an earlier era. Barns and farm buildings surrounding the museum provide exhibitions showing the work of broom makers, blacksmiths, stone cutters, masons, and other tradesmen. 
The museum grounds are also home to special events relating to 19th-century history, including U.S. Civil War re-enactments and vintage base ball games where players wear vintage uniforms and use old-time equipment. On a more contemporary note, the museum also hosts the annual Summertime Blues Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19533626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533626" title="Winding Hills Park">
Winding Hills Park

Winding Hills Park is located off NY 17K in the Comfort Hills two miles (3.2 km) west of the village of Montgomery, New York, United States, straddling the Montgomery-Crawford town line. It is a area centered around Diamond Lake that is primarily used for outdoor recreation.
Much of the park is wooded, with some clear areas around the roads. The hills slope up to the east, and the terrain to the north and west remains gently rolling. Elevations range from 500 feet (151 m) above sea level at the west, where Pine Swamp drains toward the Wallkill River via a short unnamed tributary, to at the USGS Kimball benchmark.
The lake is available for paddleboat rental and angling in season, and two smaller ponds on the property are also open to fishermen. There are 51 campsites available for overnight use, between May and October, with payment of an adequate reservation fee. A 10-mile (16 km) trail system is open to hikers and horseback riders, as well as snowshoers and snowmobilers in winter.
A 20-acre picnic area with 40 individual picnic sites is available for use. Each individual picnic site contains a table and charcoal grill. A picnic shelter for group use is also available. The rental fee for use of the shelter is $150.00, for both Orange County and Non-County groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19533652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533652" title="Admiral Digby Museum">
Admiral Digby Museum

The Admiral Digby Museum is a museum located in Digby, Nova Scotia exploring the history of Digby the surrounding communities of Digby County. It is housed in a restored Georgian style house facing Digby Harbour known as the Woodrow/Dakin House, one of the oldest buildings in Digby. The museum is named after Admiral Robert Digby, who brought Loyalists settlers to the town in 1783. Initially founded as the Admiral Digby Library in the 1968, it became the Admiral Digby Museum in 1972. The Museum is free and open year round. The museum collection includes rare furniture, textiles, photographs and maps. A marine room displays many artifacts from Digby's maritime history. A highlight of the collection is the Gilpin Collection of spectacular watercolour paintings of Sable Island made by a Digby resident who visited Sable during 1850's. 

</doc>
<doc id="19533710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533710" title="Momentum (Steve Lacy album)">
Momentum (Steve Lacy album)

Momentum is the first album by Steve Lacy to be released on the Arista Novus label. It was released in 1987 and features six of Lacy's compositions (although tracks 2 and 3 only appeared on the CD edition) with texts by Giulia Niccolai, Herman Melville, and Brion Gysin performed by Lacy, Bobby Few, Steve Potts, Jean-Jacques Avenel, Oliver Johnson and Irene Aebi.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "On Steve Lacy's first album for an American label in over a decade, his sextet is heard on four extensive originals by the great soprano saxophonist. The music is complex yet often melodic and, although Irene Aebi takes typically eccentric vocals on two of the songs, the main reasons to acquire this album are for the thoughtful yet unpredictable solos of Lacy and altoist Steve Potts. ".

</doc>
<doc id="19533743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533743" title="Gilmore LRT Station">
Gilmore LRT Station

Gilmore LRT Station is a station on the Manila Light Rail Transit System Line 2 (MRT-2) in the Philippines. Gilmore station is one of the many elevated stations that can be found on the line. The station is located in New Manila in Quezon City and is named because of its location near Gilmore Avenue.
The station is the sixth station for trains headed to Santolan and also the sixth station for trains headed to Recto. It is named after Eugene Allen Gilmore, an American Governor-General of the Philippines. 
Nearby landmarks.
The most recognizable landmarks closest to the station are SYKES Asia, Inc. (K-Pointe site), Saint Paul University Quezon City, Aurora Garden Plaza, Gilmore I.T. Center, and Robinsons Magnolia . Gilmore LRT Station is also the closest station for passengers heading to Saint Joseph's College, St. Luke's Medical Center, Our Lady of Mount Carmel Parish, Broadway Centrum where GMA Network's noontime shows, Eat Bulaga! is held, and Trinity University of Asia, formerly Trinity College of Quezon City. Robinsons Magnolia is also accessible through the station. San Juan City and Greenhills Shopping Center are also accessible from this station via Granada Street where Xavier School and Immaculate Conception Academy are also located.
Transportation links.
Buses, taxis, jeepneys, tricycles, and cycle rickshaws can be used for onward journeys.

</doc>
<doc id="19533749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533749" title="Carlos Gagini">
Carlos Gagini

Carlos Gagini (March 15, 1865–March 31, 1925) was a Costa Rican intellectual, philologist writer, esperantist and linguist.
He was born in Costa Rica, in a family of Swiss descent. He was a significant figure in linguistics and literature in Costa Rica. His work in language studies formed the basis for a large part of Costa Rican academic exploration during the twentieth century.
He published many works about education, grammar, and anthropology.
In literature, he supported the national character of Costa Rican writing, in contrast to other authors who looked to European models for inspiration. As a strong defender of national identity and independence, he wrote a novel which criticized imperialism.
In 2001, on the 75th anniversary of his death, in the faculty of Arts and Letters of the University of Costa Rica, an esperanto memorial was inaugurated in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="19533759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533759" title="Wendy Whiteley">
Wendy Whiteley

Wendy Susan Whiteley (born 1941) is best known as the "goddess muse" and wife of the artist Brett Whiteley, and as the mother of their daughter, the actress Arkie Whiteley (1964-2001). She has become a notable cultural figure, particularly since her ex-husband's death in 1992. She posed for Brett many times, and his work was strongly influenced by her opinions. Although they divorced three years before he died, she has control of Brett Whiteley's estate including the copyright to his works, and she honoured his memory in the establishment of the Brett Whiteley Studio in Surry Hills, Sydney, which is now owned and managed as an art museum by the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
Wendy Whiteley is also known for the restoration and landscaping of a derelict public area in Lavender Bay, Sydney, which she turned into a "magic garden" and where Brett and Arkie Whiteley's ashes are buried.
Background and early years.
Wendy Susan Julius was born in Sydney in 1941. She came from a creative lineage. Her great-grandfather was Charles Yelverton O'Connor, engineer for Fremantle Harbour and the Kalgoorlie Pipeline, who committed suicide ten months before the pipeline was opened. Her grandfather was Sir George Julius, the inventor of the totalisator and co-founder of the CSIRO. A great-aunt, Kate O'Connor, was a painter who lived in Paris most of her life.
Her father, George Yelverton Julius, known as "Gentleman George", was thrown out by her mother for infidelity when Wendy was six and she and her sister have little or no memory of him. When Wendy was about 12, she was devastated to read in the newspapers that her father had been sent to prison for eight years for burglary. Her mother later remarried. She attended Lindfield Public School and Hornsby Girls' High School. She won art awards and a David Jones Drawing Prize, which defrayed the costs of her formal studies at East Sydney Technical College.
Relationship with Brett Whiteley.
In 1957, aged not yet 16, she met the 17-year-old Brett Whiteley at his home, where she had been invited by a friend. It is sometimes claimed that this meeting occurred at Jerichos, a Sydney coffee shop known for its bohemian clientele, but the reality was more prosaic. There was an immediate mutual attraction and they soon became lovers. At that time, Brett was attending the life drawing classes at the Julian Ashton Art School, while working for Lintas Advertising. He took Wendy along to a class, where her drawing proved to be better than his. A short time before their meeting, Brett's mother Beryl had separated from her husband and moved overseas. Brett was devastated when she refused his entreaties to come home. He was still living with his father Clem Whiteley, and Wendy moved in; she also went to work for Clem's interior design business. As a couple, their sense of style and extravagance was compared with that of Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald. Their relationship had extremes of passion right from the start.
In November 1959, Brett was awarded an Italian Government Travelling Art Scholarship. He wanted to take Wendy with him, but Clem refused to supply the necessary money; there were quarrels, which resulted in Wendy moving out of the house. She saw Brett off on the boat, and then started working 18 hours a day to earn the money to pay her own way to Europe. Brett arrived in Italy in February 1960, and Wendy reunited with him in Paris on 14 June. They lived in Florence for some months, and in 1961 they moved to London and set up his studio there. In March 1962 his first one-man exhibition, at the Matthiesen Galleries, was a financial success, which prompted them to marry on 27 March, in the Chelsea registry office. They had en extended honeymoon in the south of France, where his "Summer at Sigean" had its genesis. At the time, Brett said: ""If ever I have a retrospective, it will be a chronological testament to Wendy - to my relationship with her"". After their return to London, Brett started on the "Bathroom" paintings, a major series of nudes celebrating Wendy's form and his domestic happiness.
Wendy worked as a fashion under-buyer for Harvey Nichols. Wendy and Brett's daughter Arkie Whiteley was born in London on 6 November 1964. They returned to Australia in December 1965, living at Whale Beach, north of Sydney, where Arkie took her first steps.
In 1967 they moved to New York for Brett to take up a Harkness Fellowship scholarship. They sailed on the final voyage of the "Queen Mary". They went to the Hotel Chelsea and purely by chance were given the penthouse apartment. At that time, Arkie was frequently looked after by baby-sitters, who included Janis Joplin. Brett Whiteley was working feverishly on his paintings, particularly "The American Dream", becoming very stressed, and turning to alcohol for relief. Wendy opened a clothes shop in New York City. Brett was very unhappy about this, and threatened to divorce her; he explained that it reminded him too much of his own mother leaving his father as soon as she was financially independent. Wendy called his bluff, and Brett took up with a woman named Constance Abernathy for a few weeks, but he returned to Wendy after Constance fell down an elevator shaft and broke her teeth. Brett had other occasional affairs during this time, and Wendy herself had an affair with Michael Driscoll, whom they had met at the National Art School and who had become their long-time friend. Wendy and Brett were marijuana users at this time. Prior to her affair, Wendy, Brett and Michael tried heroin together for the first time. While it was intended to be a one-off experience, it ultimately led to total heroin addiction for both Wendy and Brett. They attended a treatment clinic in England together, but both returned to heroin a few weeks later. Wendy later claimed to have overcome her addiction.
In July 1969 Brett's physical and mental fatigue caused him to abandon work on "The American Dream" and to quickly leave New York for Fiji, with his family. They stayed there for five months, living in a small village, mixing with the natives, and far from all communications. They had a rooster, an old car, and some bedding. They decided to stay permanently, living a life of utter simplicity in a tranquil tropical paradise, in the manner of Paul Gauguin in Tahiti. They were given two-thirds of an island by the village chief. In November, Brett rented an old barn in Suva to show off his recent work done in Fiji. At the opening, in conversation with officials and politicians, he naively talked about drugs. The next day the barn was raided, a small quantity of marijuana was found, and he was fined £F50 and the Whiteleys were given a very short time to pack up and leave Fiji.
They returned to Australia, and moved into the Lavender Bay home in which Wendy still lives. They had travelled widely, visiting many of the world's great art museums and exhibitions. Now it was the five-year-old Arkie who said she was sick of moving and losing her friends every time she moved, and she wanted to stay in one place. This made Wendy and Brett decide to settle down in Lavender Bay. Initially they rented one floor of the house, but in 1974 they bought the house outright. The interior of the home was frequently the subject of Brett's paintings, often with Wendy's naked form reclining on a sofa or in the bathtub.
In 1985, Brett bought an abandoned T-shirt factory in Surry Hills and turned it into a studio away from home. Their tandem heroin addiction continued, and in 1987 they were advised to seek separate treatment; Brett would stay to work in Australia, while Wendy and Arkie went to England. On Wendy's return from England in 1988, clean of heroin, Brett was now in a relationship with Janice Spencer, whom he had met at a Narcotics Anonymous meeting earlier that year, and was also still using heroin. Wendy refused to share the same house as Brett for fear of becoming trapped in heroin addiction once more, so Brett took up residence in his Surry Hills studio. They were divorced in 1989.
Brett Whiteley died of a drug overdose in 1992, Janice Spencer died of a heroin overdose in 2000, and Arkie died of cancer in 2001. The Surry Hills studio is now the location of the Brett Whiteley Studio, an art museum that was operated initially by Wendy in Brett's memory, but is now owned and managed by the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
Wendy's secret garden.
Wendy Whiteley's own artistic skills were considerable. From the start, Brett always believed her talent was superior to his, she had greater skill at life drawing, and her sense of style and colour exceeded his. He believed she was brilliant and always essential to his career, an astute driving force, a sharp critic and a cleaner-up of his messes. However, any thoughts of her own artistic career had long taken second place to her roles as a wife, mother, artist's model, muse, critic and stylist of aesthetic domestic and studio environments. After Brett's death she found a unique outlet for her creativity.
At considerable personal expense, Wendy started to clean up and landscape a large patch of derelict land adjacent to her home in Lavender Bay, owned by the NSW Rail Corporation. It was choked by weeds and overgrown with lantanas, and strewn with old train carriages, abandoned refrigerators, rotting mattresses and broken bottles, and some homeless people sometimes slept there. The Rail Corporation had no interest in doing anything with it, and they raised no objections to her beautifying the area. They even helped by removing the large pieces of junk. Wendy treated the garden like a giant painting, structuring, planting, pruning, moving things around, and letting nature work its own magic. Over 15 years, it has become a coveted spot for those who have heard about or chanced upon it, with random benches in quiet spots, secluded paths, and a spectacular view to the Sydney Harbour Bridge. A wide variety of birdlife previously unknown to the area has arrived. It has been described as rivalling Claude Monet's garden. It is affectionately known by locals as "Wendy's Secret Garden", although the public have always had free access.
Daughter Arkie helped her mother in this project, and she planned to hold her second wedding ceremony, to Jim Elliott, in the garden. However, her adrenal gland cancer intervened, and they married in the house overlooking the garden, only a few weeks before Arkie's death in 2001.
Both Brett and Arkie Whiteley's ashes are buried in "Wendy's Secret Garden", but in a location Wendy has not disclosed.
In 2009, Wendy Whiteley was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) for service to the community through the establishment and maintenance of a public garden at Lavender Bay, and as a supporter of the visual arts.
Brett Whiteley's will.
Brett's will became the subject of a major legal dispute. Janice Spencer claimed she had lived with Brett for the last five years of his life, and produced a will leaving the estate to her. Arkie Whiteley claimed that her father had hand-written a revised will after his divorce, leaving everything to her (Arkie), but that the piece of paper was lost. Ultimately, the New South Wales Supreme Court found in Arkie's favour, but permitted Janice Spencer one painting, a large erotic portrait of herself, "Sunday Afternoon, Surry Hills", which Brett had painted in 1988 at the height of their romance. A shortage of funds forced her to sell it in 1995, and it attracted $239,000 at auction. Spencer moved to Byron Bay and wrote a book "The Last Five Years with Brett Whiteley", which was never published. She herself died of a heroin overdose in Brisbane, Queensland in August 2000, aged 41.
Arkie's first marriage, to Christopher Kuhn, ended in divorce. During Arkie's treatment for adrenal gland cancer and leading up to her second marriage, to Jim Elliott, Wendy and Arkie were now finally able to have a proper mother-daughter relationship. Arkie left Wendy the bulk of the artworks she had inherited from Brett, and those works as well as Wendy's own collection of Brett's paintings and artefacts became the genesis of the Brett Whiteley Studio. Before her death, Arkie had commenced negotiations with the Art Gallery of New South Wales for them to take over and manage the studio, and those negotiations were later successfully concluded by Wendy.
Wendy Whiteley has become a well-known figure in Australia's artistic life. She appears at gallery openings, as a judge at art competitions, gives talks about Brett Whiteley, arranges and curates exhibitions of his work, and presents winners of the Brett Whiteley Travelling Art Scholarship with their prizes, on behalf of the late benefactress, Brett's mother Beryl Whiteley OAM.
She was the subject of an ABC TV "Australian Story" program in 2004, and has had magazine articles written about her from time to time.
She has been the subject of portraits for the Archibald Prize, a prize that Brett Whiteley won twice, in 1976 and 1978, sitting for Danelle Bergstrom, Garry Shead and John Phillips; none of the portraits won.
On 8 December 2008, Wendy Whiteley was Andrew Denton's final guest on ABC TV "Enough Rope". She was interviewed by Peter Thompson on ABC TV "Talking Heads" on 10 August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19533818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533818" title="Omoka">
Omoka

Omoka is the larger of the two main settlements on Penrhyn Island in the Cook Islands. It is the location of the Penrhyn island Council, and is located on Moananui Islet in the far west of the Penrhyn Atoll. 

</doc>
<doc id="19533825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533825" title="Tiangong-1">
Tiangong-1

Tiangong-1 () is China's first space station, serving as both a manned laboratory and an experimental testbed to demonstrate orbital rendezvous and docking capabilities. 
Launched unmanned aboard a Long March 2F/G rocket on 29 September 2011, it is the first operational component of the Tiangong program, which aims to place a larger, modular station into orbit by 2023.
, Tiangong-1 was projected to be deorbited in 2013, and replaced over the following decade by the larger Tiangong-2 and Tiangong-3 modules. However, Tiangong-1 remains in orbit as of 2014.
Tiangong-1 was visited by a series of Shenzhou spacecraft during its two-year operational lifetime. The first of these, the unmanned Shenzhou 8, successfully docked with the module in November 2011, while the manned Shenzhou 9 mission docked in June 2012. A third and final mission to Tiangong-1, the manned Shenzhou 10, docked in June 2013. The manned missions to Tiangong-1 were notable for including China's first female astronauts, Liu Yang and Wang Yaping.
Design and development.
The China National Space Administration (CNSA) designed Tiangong-1 as an "space-laboratory module", capable of supporting the docking of manned and autonomous spacecraft. In 2008, the China Manned Space Engineering Office (CMSEO) released a brief description of Tiangong-1, along with its larger successor modules, Tiangong-2 and Tiangong-3. A model of the space station was revealed in the Chinese Lunar New Year celebration program on CCTV on 25 January 2009.
On 29 September 2008, Zhang Jianqi (), vice-director of the CMSEO, declared in an interview with China Central Television (CCTV) that Tiangong-1 would be launched in 2010 or 2011. Xinhua later stated that Tiangong-1 would be launched in late 2010, and declared that the renovation of ground equipment was in progress. However, the launch did not ultimately take place until 2011.
By mid-2011, the construction of Tiangong-1 was complete, and its systems and thermal properties were undergoing testing. Testing was also conducted on the Long March 2F carrier rocket on which Tiangong-1 would be launched; technicians undertook particularly extensive safety tests on the rocket in August and September 2011, following the launch failure of a Long March 2C rocket on 18 August.
Structure.
Tiangong-1 has a pressurised habitable volume of approximately , and uses passive APAS-type docking connectors.
Structurally, Tiangong-1 is divided into two primary sections: a resource module, which mounts its solar panels and propulsion systems, and a larger, habitable experimental module.
Onboard facilities.
Tiangong-1's experimental module is equipped with exercise gear and two sleep stations. The interior walls of the spacecraft have a two-color paint scheme – one color representative of the ground, and the other representative of the sky. This is intended to help the astronauts maintain their orientation in zero gravity. High-resolution interior cameras allow manned missions to be closely monitored from the ground, and the two sleep stations have individual lighting controls. Toilet facilities and cooking equipment for the manned missions are provided by the docked Shenzhou spacecraft, rather than being integrated into the Tiangong module itself. Similarly, one member of the module's three-person crew sleeps in the Shenzhou spacecraft, preventing overcrowding.
Mission profile.
Background.
Tiangong-1 was originally intended to be launched in August 2011, and was delivered to the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center on 23 July, successfully passing a launch rehearsal test on 17 August. However, following the failed launch of a Long March 2C rocket in August 2011, the launch was postponed. Following an investigation into the August launch failure, Tiangong-1's launch was rescheduled for late September 2011, partly to coincide with the Chinese National Day on 1 October.
Launch.
On 20 September 2011, the spacecraft was again rolled out to Pad 1 of the South Launch Site at Jiuquan in preparation for the rescheduled launch attempt. The launch occurred at 13:16 UTC on 29 September, successfully placing Tiangong-1 into low Earth orbit. Chinese television broadcast the launch animation accompanied by an instrumental version of the American patriotic song "America the Beautiful", a choice of music for which it later offered no explanation.
Orbital transfers and testing.
On 2 October 2011, Tiangong-1 completed the second of two orbital transfer maneuvers, reaching an apogee altitude of . This was the precursor to a week-long program of orbital testing, conducted from the Beijing Aerospace Command and Control Center, to prepare the module for future orbital docking operations. On 10 October, Tiangong-1 released its first orbital photo, showing a view of its outer hull and satellite relay antenna.
Autonomous orbital docking.
The unmanned Shenzhou 8 mission successfully docked with Tiangong-1 on 2 November 2011 GMT, marking China's first orbital docking. Shenzhou 8 undocked from Tiangong-1 on 14 November, before successfully completing a second rendezvous and docking, thus testing the reusability of the docking system. Shenzhou 8 deorbited on 17 November 2011, and landed intact in Siziwang Banner in Inner Mongolia. After the mission, the CNSA reported that Tiangong-1's systems were in optimal condition.
Manned missions.
Preparations.
In December 2011, the Tiangong-1 module began automated internal checks for toxic gas, to ensure that its interior would be safe for astronauts to enter. In January 2012, reports emerged alleging that the American X-37B robotic spaceplane was shadowing Tiangong-1 for surveillance purposes. However, former United States Air Force orbital analyst Brian Weeden later refuted this claim, emphasizing that the X-37B occupied a different orbit from Tiangong-1, and would not be able to closely observe the module.
Shenzhou 9.
In March 2012, it was reported that China had finished the initial crew selection for the Shenzhou 9 mission. Niu Hongguang, the deputy chief commander of the China Manned Space Engineering Project, stated that Shenzhou 9 would dock with Tiangong-1 before August 2012. The Shenzhou 9 spacecraft was delivered to Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center for launch preparations on 9 April 2012, while its Long March 2F carrier rocket arrived a month later on 9 May.
Shenzhou 9 launched successfully on 16 June 2012, carrying with it China's first female astronaut, Liu Yang. The spacecraft docked with Tiangong-1 on 18 June 2012 at 14:07 Beijing time (06:07 GMT; 07:07 BST).
After about three hours, when the air pressures inside the two vessels were equalized, mission commander Jing Haipeng entered Tiangong-1.
The first docking was entirely computer-controlled, without input from the three astronauts; a second, crew-guided docking was successfully conducted on 24 June 2012 at 12:42 Beijing time. Shenzhou 9 landed safely in Inner Mongolia on 29 June 2012. In August 2012, Shenzhou 9's crew travelled to Hong Kong to discuss their mission with university students.
Shenzhou 10.
The manned Shenzhou 10 spacecraft, the final Shenzhou mission to rendezvous with Tiangong-1 before its deorbit, was launched on 11 June 2013. The launch of Shenzhou 10 was originally planned for earlier in the year, but was delayed to allow the mission to incorporate more complex scientific experiments. The mission's crew included China's second female astronaut, Wang Yaping. Shenzhou 10 docked successfully with Tiangong-1 on 13 June.
On 15 June 2013, the Shenzhou 10 crew completed China's first orbital maintenance operation, replacing Tiangong-1's interior cladding. Additional maintenance work was conducted on the space station's seal rings. On 20 June, Wang Yaping delivered a remote video lecture from orbit to students across China, demonstrating physics in microgravity with her colleagues. On 24 June, Chinese President Xi Jinping contacted the astronauts via remote video link to congratulate them. After a series of successful docking tests, Shenzhou 10 undocked and returned safely to Earth on 26 June 2013. With a duration of 15 days, Shenzhou 10 was China's longest manned space mission to date.
Future development.
Tiangong-1 is not planned to be a permanent orbital station; rather, it is intended as a testbed for key technologies that will be used in China's large modular space station, which is planned for launch in 2023. Furthermore, modified versions of Tiangong-1 will be used as robotic cargo spacecraft to resupply this station. The launch mass of the Tiangong-1-derived cargo spacecraft is expected to be around , with a payload of around .

</doc>
<doc id="19533843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533843" title="Lioré et Olivier LeO 25">
Lioré et Olivier LeO 25

__NOTOC__
The Lioré et Olivier LeO 25 was a bomber aircraft produced in France in the late 1920s. It was a development of the LeO 20 and retained much of that aircraft's structure, adding a new tail and liquid-cooled engines. The prototype was delivered to the "Aéronautique Militaire" amongst a batch of LeO 20s in 1928 for evaluation. This was redesignated LeO 252 in 1929 after an engine change, and a second, generally similar machine was purchased by Romania.
In 1931, the LeO 252 remaining in France was fitted with wooden floats and handed over to the "Aéronavale", forming the pattern for the majority of LeO 25s which would be produced as seaplanes. The only other members of the family to be built with wheeled undercarriage were three LeO 253s purchased by Brazil in 1931, and which would see service in the Constitutionalist Revolution the following year, and the sole LeO 255 which would later be fitted with floats. This latter machine was equipped with supercharged engines and was used to set a number of height-with-load records for seaplanes.
The only versions produced in quantity were the LeO H-257"bis" and LeO H-258, which together represented orders for 86 units from the "Aéronavale". Entering service in June 1935, they flew neutrality patrols during the Spanish Civil War and some remained in service at the outbreak of the Second World War. These surviving aircraft flew convoy escort and anti-submarine patrols in September 1939 before being used as tactical bombers against land targets during the Blitzkrieg, suffering heavy losses. Fifty-three remained on strength with Vichy forces in August 1940, and these were used for secondary roles such as training and target towing until 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="19533874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533874" title="Honda CM450A">
Honda CM450A

The CM450A was a motorcycle made by Honda in 1982 and 1983. It was based on the CB400 and CM400 models (1978-1981), especially the CM400A Hondamatic (1980-1981). It had a 447cc SOHC parallel twin engine with two carburettors and a 2-speed transmission with a torque converter. It was not a full automatic, however, because the rider had to manually shift between low and high. It is called automatic because there is no clutch required due to the torque converter, and shared the Hondamatic trade name with Honda cars that had true automatic transmissions. The chain-driven CM450A had a top speed of and weighed . Both models had a front disc brake and a rear drum brake. The suspension consisted of two shocks in the rear and telescoping shock-absorbing front forks. The gas tank had a capacity. The exhaust was routed through a separate pipe and baffle on each side of the motorcycle, although both exhaust pipes shared a plenum under the motor. It had an electric start with a kick start as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19533891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533891" title="Klaus Samelson">
Klaus Samelson

Klaus Samelson (December 21, 1918 – May 25, 1980) was a German mathematician, physicist, and computer pioneer in the area of programming language translation and push-pop stack algorithms for sequential formula translation on computers.
Early life.
He was born in Strasbourg, Alsace-Lorraine, and he lived in Breslau in his early childhood years. His elder brother was the mathematician Hans Samelson. Due to political circumstances, he waited until 1946 to study Mathematics and Physics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in Munich.
Career.
After graduating, he worked briefly as a high school teacher before he returned to university. He completed his doctorate degree in Physics with Fritz Bopp with a dissertation on a quantum mechanical problem posed by Arnold Sommerfeld related to Unipolar Induction.
Dr Samelson became interested in Numerical Analysis, and when Hans Piloty, an electrical engineer, and Robert Sauer, a professor of Mathematics, began working together, he joined and got involved in early computers as a research associate in the Mathematical Institute of the Technical University Munich.
This changed his scientific career. His first publications came from Sauer's interests dealing with supersonic flow and precision problems of digital computations for numerical calculations of Eigenvalues.
Soon after, Samelson's strong influence began on the development of Computer Science and Informatics as a new scientific discipline. With Friedrich L. Bauer, who also had Fritz Bopp as his Ph.D. advisor, he studied the structure of programming languages in order to develop efficient algorithms for their translation and implementation. This research led to bracketed structures and it became clear to Samelson that this principle should govern the translation of programming languages and the run-time system with stack models and block structure. It was a fundamental breakthrough in how computer systems are modeled and designed.
Piloty, Bauer and Samelson had also worked on the design of PERM, a computer based partially on the Whirlwind concept. By 1955, the PERM was completed and they continued work that Bauer had begun in 1951 on concepts in automatic programming. 
Samelson played a key role in the design of ALGOL 58 and ALGOL 60.
In 1958, he accepted a chair for Mathematics at the University of Mainz, and since 1963 he held a chair at the Technical University Munich where he and F.L. Bauer, began to develop a university curriculum for Informatics and Computer Science. He was involved with international standards in programming and informatics through IFIP. He became an editor of the journal Acta Informatica when it began in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19533898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533898" title="Bridgerland Applied Technology College">
Bridgerland Applied Technology College

Bridgerland Applied Technology College is a post-secondary educational institution located in Logan, Utah. It is a campus of the Utah College of Applied Technology system, and provides several courses designed to train students interested in a particular career field. The main campuses are located in Logan, with two satellite campuses: the Brigham City campus, located in Box Elder County; and the Rich County campus, located in Woodruff, Utah.
Campuses.
The campuses located in Logan are: the Main campus, which provides the majority of courses offered, a cafeteria and bookstore; and the West campus - an extension of the Main campus, which provides courses which are entirely new, or transferred from the main campus.
The Brigham City and Rich County campuses offer scaled-down versions of main campus offerings.
High School enrollment.
The Logan campus offers classes to high school juniors and seniors who are enrolled in a High School in the Cache County School District, the Logan School District, and the Box Elder School District. Almost all classes are free to take, with the exception of lab fees in some of the classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19533905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533905" title="Castiel (Supernatural)">
Castiel (Supernatural)

Castiel is a fictional character portrayed by Misha Collins on the CW Television Network's American television series "Supernatural". An angel, he first appears in the fourth season, and is used to introduce the theme of Christian theology to the series. In the series, Castiel brings Dean Winchester back from Hell and frequently helps him and his brother Sam in their battles with various demons and angels along the way. During his travels with the Winchesters, Castiel develops friendships with both men. As an angel, he possesses a number of supernatural abilities, including the ability to kill demons. Initially, the character demonstrates complete devotion to God and little emotion. However, his interactions and experiences with Dean Winchester and Sam Winchester, as well as certain revelations about God and his fellow angels, have a humanizing effect on him. This, despite the stress and harm it causes his character, allows him to develop an independent will as the series progresses and helps the show address topics related to free will. 
Unlike a stereotypical portrayal of television angels, Castiel does not always help people, and is willing to kill innocents if needed. Collins originally read for the part of a demon, as series creator Eric Kripke did not want fans to find out that angels were being introduced to the series. Collins prepared for the role by reading the Book of Revelation, and based his portrayal on his younger brother. Critics and fans have responded highly favorably to the character. In response, the show's creators expanded his role in the series, upgrading him to a main cast member in the fifth and sixth seasons. After being a special guest star in the seventh and eighth seasons, Collins was upgraded once again to regular cast member status for the upcoming ninth season.
Plot.
Arrival on Earth.
At the end of the third season of "Supernatural", main character Dean Winchester is in Hell after being killed by the hellhounds of the demonic antagonist Lilith. In the season four premiere "Lazarus Rising", the angel Castiel is introduced as the one who brought Dean back from Hell and resurrected him. Because merely perceiving his actual form typically results in blindness, he takes a human host—James "Jimmy" Novak, a "devout man" who prayed for it—to communicate with Dean, and tells him that he has been brought back because God has work for him. Lilith is breaking the 66 seals in order to free Lucifer, and Dean must stop her.
Castiel continues to appear throughout the season, at one point sending Dean back in time and later tasking him and his brother Sam with stopping witches from breaking another seal. He returns with fellow angel Uriel at the end of the episode "I Know What You Did Last Summer", seeking to kill Anna Milton, a fallen angel with the ability to "hear" the communications between angels. In the following episode, "Heaven and Hell", Anna uses an ancient Enochian sigil to send the angels away, though they manage to track them down later. Once there, Castiel expresses regret at having to kill Anna. Before they can carry out their duty, however, they are confronted by the demon Alastair and two of his minions. A fight ensues, and Castiel is nearly defeated in the battle by Alastair. He is saved by Dean, and they in turn are rescued when Anna regains her powers. Although Uriel nearly vents his frustration on Dean, Castiel stops him, and the two leave. Castiel later becomes suspicious of Uriel and confronts him in "On the Head of a Pin". Uriel admits he and certain other angels are now working together to free Lucifer, having grown weary of never hearing from God and jealous of His favoritism for humanity. He asks Castiel to join him, but Castiel refuses and attacks him. Uriel eventually overpowers Castiel, but is killed by Anna before he can strike the finishing blow. During this time, the orders he is getting from Heaven of questionable morality and the influence of Anna cause him to start to have doubts about Heaven's plans. He later returns in "The Monster At the End of This Book" to explain Chuck's role as a Prophet and later when Dean calls him to help save Sam. Castiel informs Dean he can't interfere due to how important Prophets are, but he impresses upon Dean how the archangel protecting a Prophet will intervene if said Prophet is in trouble to secretly let him know a way to save Sam.
Jimmy Novak Alone.
In "The Rapture", Castiel enters Dean's dreams and arranges a meeting to tell him something important. However, when Sam and Dean go to meet him, they instead find Jimmy, Castiel's vessel, who claims to have little memory of his life as a vessel. Anna theorizes Castiel must have angered his superiors, prompting him to be taken back to Heaven. When Jimmy is shot at the end of the episode trying to save his family from demons, Castiel returns, taking Jimmy's daughter as his new vessel. After the demons are killed, a dying Jimmy begs Castiel to take him back as a host so his daughter will not have to go through what he did, and the angel acquiesces. Dean then asks him what he needed to tell him, but Castiel coldly replies his loyalty is to Heaven, not to mankind or to him.
Servant of Heaven.
In "When the Levee Breaks", Castiel has Dean take the oath of allegiance to God and His angels, to which Dean agrees under the impression it will keep Sam safe. Later in the episode, Castiel releases Sam, who is on detox from Ruby's demon blood, from Bobby's Panic Room. When Anna confronts him about his actions, other angels appear and capture her.
With Sam closing in on Lilith, Castiel and Zachariah imprison Dean within an idyllic waiting room, where he will be made comfortable until the time comes for him to play his role in stopping the Apocalypse. Dean refuses to remain idle, and continually requests to be able to see Sam, which is denied. Once Dean discovers the angels are allowing the Apocalypse to happen, he implores for Castiel to help him stop the final seal from being broken. Though Castiel refuses at first, he returns ready to help not long after. He takes Dean to see the prophet Chuck for information on Sam. Their presence does not fall in line with Chuck's Gospel, so the Archangel Raphael begins to descend. Castiel sends Dean to Sam, remaining behind to hold back the archangel and any others who might come. He is subsequently killed, with his host's body being blown to pieces.
Fall to Earth.
However, Castiel later returns— still in Jimmy Novak's body— in the fifth season premiere, "Sympathy for the Devil", killing two fellow angels in order to save Sam and Dean. He is uncertain as to how he was resurrected, but alludes to Zachariah it may have been God's doing. After ordering Zachariah away, Castiel carves Enochian sigils into Sam and Dean's ribs to hide them from all angels, including Lucifer. Castiel later returns to the brothers in "Good God Y'All!", and reveals his plans to find God. He borrows Dean's amulet, as it burns hot in God's presence, and departs. He has also been completely cut off from Heaven as a result of his rebellion and has lost some of his powers as a result, including his ability to heal injuries. He remains on Earth hunting for God, although acquires a cellphone so that the Winchesters can call for his aid when dealing with particularly challenging cases, such as their discovery of the Antichrist or their latest confrontation with the Trickster (Who is revealed to be the lost archangel Gabriel). 
In "Abandon All Hope...", Castiel helps the Winchesters retrieve the Colt, and joins them on their hunt for Lucifer. However, he ventures off after discovering hundreds of Reapers are already in the town, hoping to discover what has called them there. He soon becomes imprisoned by Lucifer, who tries to tempt Castiel into joining him, pointing out they are both targets of Heaven, but Castiel refuses. He later manages to free himself, but finds he no longer has the power to kill demons. After Sam and Dean fail in their attempt to kill the Devil, Castiel teleports them to safety. After exhausting most of his remaining power to take Sam and Dean back in time to save their parents from renegade angel Anna, Castiel aids the Winchesters in their battle with Famine, the Horseman of the Apocalypse- the brothers having already defeated War-, but his weakened powers render him susceptible to Famine's influence, Famine attacking Jimmy's hunger for red meat to make Castiel more interested in eating burgers than actually fighting. When the brothers are killed by vengeful hunters in "Dark Side of the Moon", Castiel— unable to return to Heaven—briefly communicates with them. He tasks them with finding the angel Joshua, who communicates directly with God. Although Joshua reveals God is alive, he claims He is apathetic to the Apocalypse; having saved the brothers and Castiel, God feels He has done enough. When relayed to Castiel, his hopes and faith are shattered, leading him to drink heavily in the subsequent episode "99 Problems" when Sam summons him for answers about the actions of the people in a town. Castiel reveals that they are dealing with the Whore of Babylon and provides the stake that can kill her, but as he is no longer a true servant of Heaven, is unable to do it himself. He gets Pastor Gideon so they can have him do it and tries to hold the Whore in place so the Pastor can stab her. However, she casts a spell that causes him great pain and knocks him out of the fight.In the end, Dean stabs her with the stake, identifying himself as a true servant of heaven.
Powerless.
In "Point of No Return," Castiel helps Sam to keep Dean from becoming Michael's vessel. He leaves after hearing a signal from the angels, and finds a resurrected Adam Milligan—Sam and Dean's half-brother who had been previously killed by ghouls. When Dean escapes and tries to contact the angels, Castiel finds him, and angrily attacks him for making Castiel's rebelling against Heaven worthless. Later, he carves a banishing sigil into his own chest and activates it in the presence of multiple angels in order to clear the way for Sam and Dean to attack Zachariah and save Adam. The effects of the sigil send him onto a fishing boat, now completely human. Despite his lack of power, he is able to defeat the Horseman Pestilence using what appears to be what little is left of his angelic strength, and assists Bobby and Sam in preventing nationwide distribution of the Croatoan virus. In the fifth season finale, "Swan Song", Castiel loses faith after Sam fails to overpower Lucifer when he possesses him and suggests they get drunk and wait for the end to come. When Dean refuses to give up, Castiel and Bobby follow him and Castiel uses a Molotov cocktail of Holy Fire to temporarily banish Michael to buy Dean time to try to reach Sam. Angry that Castiel attacked his brother, Lucifer obliterates Castiel with a snap of his fingers. After Sam and Dean avert the Apocalypse, Castiel is resurrected once more by God, now more powerful than ever. He heals Dean's injuries and resurrects Bobby and reminds Dean that he got what he wanted: no Apocalypse, no Paradise, just more of the same. Castiel then heads back to Heaven to restore order and become its new leader, believing it to be in chaos as Sam trapped Michael in Lucifer's Cage as well.
Post-Apocalyptic Alliances.
A year after the Apocalypse, Castiel returns to Earth in "The Third Man" to get Sam and Dean's help to find the Staff of Moses, which, along with many other weapons of Heaven, has been stolen during the war. They soon discover that the angel Balthazar has stolen it and sold pieces of it to people in exchange for their souls. They confront Balthazar, but are interrupted by Raphael. Before Raphael is able to get his revenge against Castiel, Balthazar destroys Raphael's vessel and sends him back to Heaven. After trapping Balthazar within a ring of ignited holy oil and forcing him to restore the souls he has taken, Castiel sets him free, claiming his debt has been paid off.
In, "Family Matters" Castiel returns to "diagnose" Sam by asking him several questions. Sam, still dizzy and unsure of what is going on after being knocked unconscious by Dean, reveals that he no longer sleeps and has become a better hunter. Castiel has an idea of what's wrong and decides to read Sam's soul by reaching inside him, and the truth is finally revealed: that Sam has no soul, and it was locked in the cage with Lucifer. Both Dean and Castiel are unsure whether Sam is still Sam without his soul, but they let Sam go and Castiel heals his wounds from being beaten by Dean.
In "Caged Heat", Sam tries to trick Castiel into coming to Earth to help the brothers get Sam's soul back. When he comes, Sam threatens Castiel saying that if he does not help, then he will hunt him down and kill him. Despite knowing Sam never could, he helps them. Later, while Sam and Dean are doing research, Castiel discovers porn on TV; when Dean asks why he was watching porn he replies, "It was there." 
Castiel later discovers Sam and Dean are working with a demon named Meg, whom he refers to as an abomination. When Crowley admits that he cannot get Sam's soul back, Castiel burns Crowley's human remains.
At the end of the episode Castiel explains to Sam and Dean that the celestial war is not going well for him and he would rather be on Earth with them, but leaves anyway to continue fighting, but promises to take care of Crowley's captured monsters first. After acquiring the holy weapons from Balthazar in "The French Mistake" Castiel suggests that he now has a military advantage in the war. Unfortunately, this advantage seems limited; he orders Balthazar in "My Heart Will Go On" to save the Titanic, spawning 50,000 new souls to empower his side. However, Fate works to undo the impossible births and begins killing them. Once the brothers encounter the string of odd deaths Fate takes this opportunity to eliminate them due to their part of undoing the destined Apocalypse. This forces Castiel to concede the loss and re-sink the Titanic.
In "Frontierland," Sam and Dean call for Castiel to send them back in time as they have learned that the ashes of a Phoenix can kill Eve and that Samuel Colt killed one in the past with The Colt. Rachel, Castiel's lieutenant comes instead and berates the boys for only calling for him when they need something of him, but Castiel arrives himself and sends Rachel away. Castiel is able to send Dean and Sam back in time, but warns them that he has to retrieve them in 24 hours or they'll be stuck in the past forever and tells Bobby to pray for him when the time comes. While waiting, Rachel approaches him about his plans and attacks him. Castiel kills her, but is left weakened by a stab wound she managed to inflict on him first. Castiel manages to teleport to Bobby's and draws a sigil to hide himself from the other angels before passing out. He wakes in time to retrieve the Winchesters, but his weakened state prevents this so he is forced to draw power from Bobby's soul. While Dean killed the Phoenix, Castiel brought them back before they could gather the ashes so it all appears for nothing and he lacks the power to send them back. Luckily, Samuel Colt collected the ashes and sent a package with them to be delivered to Bobby's after the boys return.
In "Mommy Dearest" it is discovered that there is a possibility Crowley may have faked his death and might still be alive; suggesting that perhaps Castiel had burned the wrong bones by mistake. Eve reveals this to Sam and Dean when they try to hunt her down. During the hunt, Eve is able to suppress Castiel's powers as she is older than him. After Dean kills Eve, Castiel's powers return and he kills all of her monsters with a blast of white light before transporting the group to the home of the uncle of two young boys who were turned into monsters. There, they find them dead, killed by demons and Castiel promises to look into Crowley's possible survival to find out for sure if he's dead or not. However, Castiel is, instead, seen with a very alive Crowley who states that he is "tired of cleaning up after [Castiel's] messes," implying that Castiel had full knowledge of burning the wrong bones and that both he and Crowley have some sort of agreement between them and/or may be working together as partners.
In "The Man Who Would Be King" it is found out that Castiel was the one who partially raised Sam from Hell, though due to the complication of the cage it was impossible to retrieve his soul, and that he has made a deal with Crowley in a desperate attempt to win the war. Sam and Dean also learn of his partnership with Crowley when he slips up and reveals he is spying on them.
In "Let it Bleed," Castiel is enraged to learn that Lisa and Ben Braeden have been kidnapped by Crowley and tries to get him to reveal where they are to no avail. Castiel saves Dean from a demon and tries and fails to convince him to back off. Later, after Lisa is mortally wounded by a demon possessing her in an attempt to force Dean not to exorcise her, Castiel arrives at the hospital and without being asked, heals her wounds and at Dean's request, erases all of her and her son Ben's memories of Dean. He does this as a final act of friendship towards Dean though both admit it doesn't change the fact that they are now enemies. Castiel also spends the episode one step ahead of Bobby investigating H.P. Lovecraft's opening of Purgatory in an attempt to find a way to open it himself.
Godhood.
In "The Man Who Knew Too Much", Castiel tricks Crowley and Raphael, eventually absorbing the souls from Purgatory. He demonstrates his new power by killing Raphael with a simple snap of his fingers. While talking to Dean, who unsuccessfully begs him to give up the power, Sam sneaks up behind them and attempts to kill him with an angelic blade by stabbing Castiel in the back, but it has no effect. Castiel removes the blade, explains that he is no longer an angel, declaring himself their new God. He then glances at the three hunters before delivering an ultimatum: to profess their own loyalty and love unto him, or be destroyed.
In "Meet the New Boss", Castiel begins exacting his new supremacy over the planet, working miracles and punishing religious hypocrites alike. However, when Castiel's vessel begins to become damaged and he begins to lose control of his power, Death reveals that he also absorbed creatures known as Leviathans from Purgatory. The Leviathans will destroy him if they are not released. Castiel seeks out the Winchesters' help, and reopens the portal with Death's assistance. Although the souls are returned, the Leviathans evade reentering Purgatory and take control of Castiel's vessel. In "Hello, Cruel World", the vessel begins to quickly break down. The Leviathans are forced to leave, dispersing into the local water supply nearby and leaving behind only Castiel's trench coat.
Return to Madness.
In "The Born-Again Identity" it’s revealed that Castiel survived. After the Leviathans left him, he made his way out of the river, naked, and ran into his future wife Daphne. However, the experience renders Castiel amnesic, but with his angelic powers intact. Going by the name "Emanuel," Castiel used his powers to heal people, though he didn't know where that ability and his power to see demon's true faces came from. After Sam is committed to a mental hospital as a result of the hallucinations of Lucifer he is suffering due to Castiel breaking his "mental wall", Dean searches for "Emanuel" and kills a demon that is holding his wife hostage. Castiel agrees to help Dean who doesn't tell him who he really is, but mentions what "Cas" had done to Sam. The two are joined by Meg, but upon reaching the hospital, find demons surrounding the entrance. As Castiel is the only one who can take them all down, Dean is forced to tell him the truth about who he really is and insists he has the power to kill the demons. Castiel manages to summon his power to kill demons and kills all of them, but doing so restores his memories. Castiel shows remorse for his previous actions and initially wants to leave, but Dean is able to convince him to help by giving him back his trench coat. Castiel finds Sam in time to save him from a demon torturing him to death with electro-shock therapy and tries to restore his mental wall, but can't as it’s completely gone. Sorry for what he's done, Castiel transfers the problem to himself and is haunted by visions of Lucifer like Sam was. Castiel is committed to the mental hospital, but is safe from the demons as only Meg knows he's alive and she takes a job at the hospital, presumably to look after him. In "Party On, Garth," Dean calls Meg and she reveals that Castiel's in the same condition which Sam feels guilty about.
In "Reading is Fundamental", Castiel is awakened when the Word of God - a tablet with information inscribed by an angel as dictated by God - is found by Sam and Dean. Although his torment has driven him insane, he explains that taking on Sam's pain has helped relieve some of his past burdens. He then explains what the Word of God is, but is unable to read it. Two angels from his former garrison arrive in pursuit of Kevin, a prophet who was awakened by the Word of God and drawn to it. The angel Hester tries to kill Castiel out of anger for his past actions, but she is instead killed by Meg. The other angel offers Castiel the chance to return to Heaven with him, but Castiel declines, explaining that he feels he no longer belongs there. The other angel then leaves, taking Kevin away to safety. Castiel comments to the Winchesters that he finds it amazing that he does not know what he is going to do next, and teleports away after giving them his blood.
In "Survival of the Fittest," after finding his garrison wiped out, Castiel has Meg take him to the Winchesters where he explains what he has discovered. Crowley arrives and is furious to see him, but Castiel no longer has a wish to fight and when Crowley realizes he's insane, he decides to put off his feud with Castiel for a time when he's sane again. Crowley, after giving them his blood, disappears but tells them Castiel can help them kill Dick. Castiel refuses to help as he doesn't want to fight and after he disappears to retrieve a board game, Meg explains that since Castiel had the Leviathans within him, he is able to tell them apart even in their human forms and can pick out the real Dick Roman. Castiel watches as Sam and Dean burn Bobby's flask and put him at rest and later takes Dean to where he has stored the Impala and agrees to help. Castiel, Sam and Dean infiltrate Sucrocorp thanks to a distraction from Meg and he and Dean confront Dick Roman in the labs. Dick throws Castiel across the room when he tries to attack, but after Dean fails to kill Dick, Castiel holds his head in place from behind allowing Dean to stab Dick through the neck with the weapon, killing him. As a result of this, Castiel and Dean are sucked into Purgatory with Dick's soul and after letting Dean know this and that they are more likely to die than get out, Castiel disappears, leaving Dean alone.
Out of Purgatory.
In "We Need To Talk About Kevin," Dean escapes Purgatory with the help of the vampire Benny, but Castiel is not with him. He later tells Sam that things got hairy near the end and that Castiel didn't make it, that he "let go." While Dean doesn't elaborate, he is clearly affected by this. In a flashback scene, Dean is shown looking for Castiel in Purgatory, interrogating a vampire for his location. As a result, he meets Benny and only agrees to Benny's deal to get out if they find Castiel first and help him escape too. Castiel appears in flashbacks in the following episode, where he reveals that he fled Dean to keep him safe from the Leviathans and other monsters that are angry at Castiel, but Dean refuses to leave Purgatory without Castiel. When talking with another angel at an auction for the second Word of God tablet, Dean again states that Castiel did not make it out of Purgatory. He later escapes with the aid of an army of angels sent to rescue him- having initially remained behind as penance for his actions to stop a duo of Leviathans that were trying to attack Dean and Benny as they left Purgatory-, but the other angels not only erase his memory that they were responsible for his escape, but also erase his memory of their subsequent 'check-ins' to discuss the Winchesters' actions, with Castiel forced to tell them about the Winchesters' progress in the search for the tablet. Apparently back to full power, Castiel helps the Winchesters save Kevin from Crowley- who has been abducting future Prophets to try and find another means of reading the Word of God tablet- and destroy the tablet to prevent Crowley using it, retaining half of the tablet while Crowley flees with the other half. Afterwards, in "Hunteri Heroici," Castiel cuts off his ability to listen into the other angels and decides to become a full-time hunter to avoid facing the other angels about what he has done. Castiel proves instrumental in solving the case, using his abilities to enter the mind of a man with reality warping powers, allowing Sam to bring him back to reality with a speech about not running from it. Later, at the request of the man, Fred, Castiel strips him of his powers so he is no longer a danger to anyone though it leaves him mentally damaged. Castiel, having listened to Sam's speech about running from reality as well as Fred, decides to return to Heaven to try to make up for what he did, but is forbidden by Naomi, the angel who ordered his rescue. Instead, Castiel stays to watch out for Fred for a while, but accepts that he can no longer run from what he has done.
In "Torn and Frayed," as his penance, Castiel has turned back on his "angel radio" and travels around helping people who have need of help or healing. He demonstrates this by healing a sick infant that won't stop crying. After getting a distress call from Samandriel, Naomi summons Castiel to rescue the angel. Castiel enlists Dean's help and repeatedly wonders where Sam is, unaware that Sam and Dean are currently not getting along. After getting the ingredients for a "demon bomb," Castiel gets Sam as they will need all the help they can get to rescue Samandriel and yells at Sam and Dean for their behavior. At the warehouse, Castiel tells Sam and Dean what symbols to neutralize and where so he can enter and gives Sam his sword so he has a weapon against demons. After Sam and Dean clear the way, Castiel enters, but is weakened by the other sigils in the building. Samandriel's screams cause him to remember being tied down by Naomi who approaches his eye with a mysterious instrument and is unable to help Sam and Dean in breaking into the room where Samandriel is. After they get in, Castiel frees Samandriel while Sam and Dean deal with the demons guarding him and takes the other angel outside. There, Samandriel begs for Castiel not to return him to Heaven and tries to warn him that "they" are controlling him. Before Samandriel can explain, Naomi forces Castiel to kill him for being a "traitor." Castiel is horrified by this, but Naomi reveals that Samandriel telling Crowley about the angel Word of God tablet puts all in angels in danger and Castiel is a hero. Under her orders, he claims to Sam and Dean that he was forced to kill Samandriel in self-defense and that he is taking him back to Heaven to put him to rest (in reality so Naomi can determine just how much he broke), but his weird behavior and the fact that his eye starts bleeding arouses Sam and Dean's suspicions that he is being controlled.
On The Run From Heaven.
In "Goodbye Stranger," Castiel has been completely brainwashed by Naomi and has killed thousands of copies of Dean ruthlessly. Castiel is sent to find the angel tablet and tortures and kills the demons also looking for it, drawing Sam and Dean's attention. Sam and Dean track down someone who knows the location of one of Lucifer's Crypts where the angel tablet is and in ensuing scuffle, Sam ends up in trouble. Castiel saves Sam and captures one of the demons, claiming under Naomi's orders that he is searching for the second half of the demon tablet and that the demons are searching for a parchment that will allow them to translate it without a Prophet. Castiel tortures the demon who tells them where to find Meg, but kills her before she can reveal the truth to Sam and Dean. Castiel heads off alone and rescues Meg who explains what the demons really want. While Naomi initially wants her killed to prevent that, Castiel is able to make a case to keep her alive. The group then go to the warehouse where the crypt is and before heading inside with Dean, Castiel reveals that Sam is damaged by his trials on a level that even Castiel can't fix. Castiel and Dean locate the angel tablet and Castiel has to have Dean get it as it is warded against angels. However, Naomi orders Castiel to kill Dean and though he fights it, he has no control over his actions. As he is about to kill him, Dean manages to break through to Castiel's heart and he breaks free of Naomi's influence. He picks up the angel tablet which completely severs Naomi's connection to and control over him. Castiel heals Dean and explains what happened, but senses that he must now protect the tablet from everyone, even Dean. Castiel is later seen traveling on a bus to an unknown destination with the tablet. Despite losing the tablet, Naomi is somewhat satisfied as according to her, Castiel is doing what he is supposed to be doing. Naomi later comes to Dean. In an attempt to gain his trust, presumably because she knows Castiel is one of his weak spots, she lies to Dean about Castiel and claims that he misinterpreted everything she has done and is still insane. Dean, of course, doesn't believe her. Despite this, Castiel is eventually captured by Naomi's forces, but the angel tablet is claimed by Crowley after one of Naomi's angels betrays their location, although this gives Castiel time to escape and reunite with the Winchesters after killing the angel guarding him.
Metatron's Betrayal.
With Heaven in chaos, Metatron (the Scribe of God, recently rediscovered) convinces Castiel that they must seal the gates of Heaven to force the angels together to make peace. The first trial is to cut out the heart of a nephilim, the child of a human and an angel, which Castiel is forced to kill when the selected target attacks him. They manage to complete the second trial (retrieving the bow of a cupid), but Metatron subsequently reveals that his true intentions are to exile all the angels from heaven for forcing him to leave Heaven ages ago. He takes Castiel's grace from him as the third ingredient for this spell, leaving Castiel human and banished to Earth before the other angels begin to fall as well.
Post Exile.
With the angels expelled from Heaven, many of them begin searching for Castiel, whom they believe is responsible. Castiel decides he wants to help his fallen brethren find "direction" when he encounters an angel named Hale who requests his guidance. When Castiel contacts the Winchesters, however, Dean tells him to leave Hale and make his way the Men of Letters bunker where he will be safe from the angels hunting him. Following this, Castiel attempts to leave Hale behind but is captured by her instead whereby she reveals her plans to possess him. Castiel escapes and kills Hale then continues to make his way to the bunker, abandoning his usual attire along the way. Castiel is nearly caught several times by the angels searching for him and gets a tattoo that will ward him against angels. In response, the angels send freelance Reapers after him and he is eventually caught by one of them. The Reaper tortures Castiel and kills him when the Winchesters show up to rescue him. Dean has the angel secretly possessing Sam heal Castiel and takes him back to the bunker but later asks him to leave when Ezekiel, the angel inside Sam, requests it.
Castiel gets a job at a gas station and attempts to adjust to his new life as a human. He helps Dean hunt a rogue angel that is killing people in emotional pain, but later prays for help when Dean sends him away for the second time on Ezekiel's orders. Castiel is found by the neutral angel Muriel who heard his prayer. Muriel agrees to provide information but the two are captured by angels that have been trailing Muriel. Castiel and Muriel are taken to the anarchist angel Malachi, the leader of one side of the angel civil war (the other side being headed by the angel Bartholomew) and is tortured for information on Metatron. Muriel is killed in the process. Eventually, Malachi leaves Castiel with the angel Theo who tells Castiel he wants to defect to Metatron's side. Castiel tricks Theo into releasing him and steals his Grace, transforming Castiel into an angel once more and at least restoring his powers. Castiel calls Dean and tells him that while he was held captive by Malachi he learned that the angel Ezekiel is dead and so the angel possessing Sam must be an impostor.
After being contacted by Dean, Castiel, now wearing a new suit and trenchcoat and driving a stolen car as he can no longer teleport, returns to the bunker where he comes up with the plan to have Crowley help expel Gadreel from Sam. Castiel knocks Gadreel out and comforts Dean when the torture they have Crowley perform to bring forth Sam's mind proves too much for Dean. Castiel is furious to learn that it is Gadreel, blaming him for all the evil in the universe, but Dean calms him down. When Gadreel proves resistant to their efforts to expel him, Dean tries to have Castiel possess Sam to let him know of the situation but he can't without Sam's permission. Crowley agrees to do it instead in exchange for his freedom and though Castiel is reluctant, he removes Sam's anti-possession tattoo. The plan works and Sam expels Gadreel. After leaving Crowley to deal with Abaddon, Castiel heals Sam's injuries from the torture and informs him he can finish his healing from the Trials over time as Gadreel did most of the job. He remains behind with Sam as Dean leaves on his own.
Characterization.
Castiel typically displays very little emotion and always exhibits an extremely somber disposition. Although it has been suggested angels possibly do not possess the ability to truly feel emotion, Castiel frequently exhibits affection towards Dean. This attachment and growing ability to feel even causes him to be "demoted", as his superiors fear emotions are clouding his judgment. Throughout his appearances in the fourth season, he also seems to, at the very least, come close to expressing regret, hesitance, and anger several times, and has once quietly laughed at a joke Dean made in "It's the Great Pumpkin, Sam Winchester". Actor Misha Collins feels, through Dean, "is learning a little bit about humanity and re-learning something about own humanity from that exposure. So...there’s a humanizing of Castiel going on." Castiel begins having an internal struggle between what is right and what is wrong, and whether or not to obey orders from Heaven. Collins feels this is because interactions with Sam and Dean have made the angel "uncertain" and "more fragile". Collins believes Castiel envies Dean's decisiveness and desires to emulate him. Having lost his connection to Heaven in the fifth season, Castiel's humanization seems to have quickened by the episode "Free to Be You and Me", as he appears extremely anxious while in a whorehouse, is visibly distraught when asking Dean for help, and refers to the Archangel Raphael as "my little bitch". Despite becoming very arrogant when he becomes the "new God," Castiel still shows his caring side and ultimately returns the souls to Purgatory and shows remorse for his actions, promising to Dean to find a way to redeem himself in Dean's eyes, showing that he cares about how Dean views him. After losing his memory, Castiel is more human than ever, but still displays some of his emotionless side. After his memory returns, he shows real regret when he can't undo the damage he did to Sam and essentially sacrifices himself to save him out of remorse for his actions. After Castiel wakes up from his catatonic state, he is now depicted as insane with tendencies to ramble about random topics. However, parts of Castiel's original personality are still shown with him still being happy to help Sam and Dean out and still knowledgeable about various supernatural things, but not willing to actually fight anymore even when his life is threatened. Castiel describes himself as "bad luck" and doesn't believe he should be around the Winchesters as a result. After traveling to Purgatory, Castiel regained his sanity, but still carries a lot of guilt about his previous actions. He is also now less distant from Sam and Dean and more appreciative of human things such as television.
Contrary to depictions of angels in popular culture, Castiel and his peers are not out helping people in need. Contrary to his angel siblings he has a conscience and cares about humanity's welfare—he finds humans to be "works of art". Speaking of his character, actor Misha Collins stated, "I think that these angels are at least loosely derived from some Biblical angel stories, and those angels are tough. They just destroy. I picked up Revelations, and they destroy, they destroy, they destroy. There’s no mention of cherubs and harps or any of that."
Development.
The character was created for the fourth season to introduce Christian mythology to the series. With series creator Eric Kripke wanting to keep the introduction of an angel a secret, the character was described as a demon during auditions. Once Collins got the part, the main direction Kripke gave him of the character was there is "an otherworldly quality to the character, and that he hasn't been up close with human beings. He's been watching human beings from a great distance for the last two thousand years, so angels haven't been on Earth mingling with human beings for the last two thousand years. So when is interacting with human beings, there's a naive curiosity about their behavior. It's as if is inspecting some sort of alien beings." As well, director Kim Manners wanted to see a "piousness" to Castiel. Kripke based Castiel's appearance on the comic book character John Constantine.
To prepare for the role, Collins read the "Book of Revelation". As well, Collins has said he somewhat based his character around his younger brother, who has something "angelic about him", as he "has this way of, very calmly, just staring into someone's eyes" making one feel "like he can get into your soul." To avoid the biblically toned dialogue from sounding too "campy", Collins does his best to "play it as real as possible". Because Castiel's true voice shattered windows in his premiere episode, Collins decided to use a "gruff, resonant voice" for the character. However, when portraying the angel's host Jimmy Novak, he tried to create a distinction between the two characters, providing different physical and personality traits, as well as using a "more boyish kind of sound" for Jimmy's voice.
Speaking of the fifth season and Castiel's more frequent interactions with humans, Collins commented, "Obviously the big joke is that he doesn't understand human beings and how they behave. And there is something inherently funny in that, especially if he's the straight man." The actor noted he was a little hesitant at making the character into "the funny guy", and was apprehensive about some moments in the early episodes of the season. However, he believes the writers have found "the line", allowing for the jokes to be "more subtle" and "a little more believable".
Reception.
Critical response to the character has been extremely favorable. Castiel ranked ninth on TV.com's top ten list of best new supporting characters of 2008. The staff and voters of "TelevisionWithoutPity" both agreed Castiel was the 2008–2009 Most Welcome New Character on television, and BuddyTV's John Kubicek listed him as one of the ten "TV Characters Who Deserve Their Own Spin-Offs". TV Squad ranked him as the top reason to watch the series, noting the "slightly awkward, frighteningly precise angel... has done an amazing job of selling the underlying menace and vengefulness of God's most heavenly creatures."
Karla Peterson of "The San Diego Union-Tribune" described the concept of Castiel as "genius" and the actor Collins as "fabulous". Deeming Castiel to be a "fascinating new element", Diana Steenbergen of IGN ranked Castiel fourth in her list of the "Ten Things We Love About Supernatural". She posited that Collins plays the role with "somber intensity", and "brings a sense of curiosity about humans to the character". The angel's interactions with Dean were "one of the highlights of the season". She especially praised Collins for his dual role as Castiel and the angel's host Jimmy Novak in the episode "The Rapture", and wrote, "It is a tribute to Collins's acting that the audience knows immediately that the person we are seeing is not Castiel."
Fan response to the character has also been positive. Collins believed that the character would end up being just another role for him, and never expected such a reaction from the fans. According to him, "The enthusiasm that I've been met with is something new and not something I'm really prepared for." The character was originally intended for only a six-episode story arc, but his role was rewritten to continue throughout the rest of the season. Upon "Supernatural" renewal for a fifth season, Collins was promoted to a series regular, something he believes to be mainly due to fan support.

</doc>
<doc id="19533906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533906" title="Annual growth cycle of grapevines">
Annual growth cycle of grapevines

The annual growth cycle of grapevines is the process that takes place in the vineyard each year, beginning with bud break in the spring and culminating in leaf fall in autumn followed by winter dormancy. From a winemaking perspective, each step in the process plays a vital role in the development of grapes with ideal characteristics for making wine. Viticulturalists and vineyard managers monitor the effect of climate, vine disease and pests in facilitating or impeding the vines progression from bud break, flowering, fruit set, veraison, harvesting, leaf fall and dormancy-reacting if need be with the use of viticultural practices like canopy management, irrigation, vine training and the use of agrochemicals. The stages of the annual growth cycle usually become observable within the first year of a vine's life. The amount of time spent at each stage of the growth cycle depends on a number of factors-most notably the type of climate (warm or cool) and the characteristics of the grape variety.
Bud break.
The grape starts its annual growth cycle in the spring with bud break. In the Northern Hemisphere, this stage begins around March while in the Southern Hemisphere it begins around September when daily temperatures begin to surpass 10 °C (50 °F). If the vine had been pruned during the winter, the start of this cycle is signaled by a "bleeding" of the vine. This bleeding occurs when the soil begins to warm and osmotic forces pushes water, containing a low concentration of organic acids, hormones, minerals and sugars, up from the root system of the vine and it is expelled from the cuts (or "wounds") left over from pruning the vine. During this period a single vine can "bleed" up to of water. 
Tiny buds on the vine start to swell and eventually shoots begin to grow from the buds. Buds are the small part of the vine that rest between the vine's stem and the petiole (leaf stem). Inside the buds contain usually three primordial shoots. These buds appear in the summer of previous growth cycle green and covered in scales. During winter dormancy they turn brown until the spring when the vine begins the process of bud break and the first sign of green in the vineyard emerges in the form of tiny shoots. The energy to facilitate this growth comes from reserves of carbohydrate stored in roots and wood of the vine from the last growth cycle. Eventually the shoots sprout tiny leaves that can begin the process of photosynthesis, producing the energy to accelerate growth. In warm climates, after about 4 weeks the growth of the shoots starts to rapidly accelerate with the shoots growing in length an average of 3 cm (1 in) a day.
In temperate climates, where temperatures can reach above 10 °C (50 °F) in mid-winter, some early budding varieties (such as Chardonnay) can be at risk of premature bud break. This is a potential viticultural hazard in places like the Margaret River region of Western Australia where warm currents from the Indian Ocean can coax Chardonnay vines to prematurely bud in the mid-winter month of July. After bud break, the young shoots are very vulnerable to frost damage with vineyard managers going to great lengths protect the fragile shoots should temperature dramatically drop below freezing. This can include setting up heaters or wind circulators in the vineyard to keep cold air from settling on the vines.
Flowering.
Depending on temperatures, 40–80 days after bud break the process of flowering begins with small flower clusters appearing on the tips of the young shoots looking like buttons. Flowering occurs when average daily temperatures stay between 15–20 °C (59–68 °F) which in the Northern Hemisphere wine regions is generally around May and for the Southern Hemisphere regions around November. A few weeks after the initial clusters appear, the flowers start to grow in size with individual flowers becoming observable. It is during this stage of flowering that the pollination and fertilization of the grapevine takes place with the resulting product being a grape berry, containing 1-4 seeds. 
Most "Vitis vinifera" grape vines are hermaphroditic, with both male stamens and female ovaries, being able to self-pollinate. At the beginning of the flowering process the only part that is visible is the fused cap of petals known as the calyptra. Shortly after the calyptra is shed, liberating the pollen from the anthers of the stamen. Wind and insects generally play only a small role in aiding pollination, with the process being mostly self-contained within the vine. But cross-pollination between vine species is possible as in the cases of the origins of several grape varieties like Cabernet Sauvignon (a cross pollination of Cabernet Franc and Sauvignon blanc) and Petite Sirah (a cross of Syrah and Peloursin). During the process of fertilization, the pollen fertilizes the ovary which produces seeds as the flower begins the transformation into a grape berry, encapsulating the seed. Detrimental weather (cold, wind & rain) can severely affect the flowering process, causing many flowers not to be fertilized and produce a group. It is during this time when the buds that will become next years crops begin to form.
Fruit set.
The stage of fruit set follows flowering almost immediately, when the fertilized flower begins to develop a seed and grape berry to protect the seed. In the Northern Hemisphere, this normally takes place in May and in the Southern Hemisphere in November. This stage is very critical for wine production since it determines the potential crop yield. Not every flower on the vine gets fertilized, with the unfertilized flowers eventually falling off the vine. The percentage of fertilized flowers averages around 30 but can get as high as 60 or be much lower. Climate and the health of the vine play an important role with low humidity, high temperatures and water stress having the potential of severely reducing the amount flowers that get fertilized. Coulure occurs when there is an imbalance of carbohydrate levels in the vine tissues and some berries fail to set or simply fall off the bunch. Varieties like Grenache and Malbec are prone to this abnormal fruit set. Millerandage occurs when some fertilized flowers do not form seeds but only small berry clusters. Grape berry size depends on the number of seeds so berries with no seeds will be significantly smaller than berries containing seeds. On one cluster there may be berries of various sizes which can create problems during winemaking due to the varying "skin to pulp" ratio among the grapes. This can be caused by vine disease, such as fanleaf, or by a boron deficiency in the vine. Gewürztraminer and the Chardonnay clones IA and Mendoza are both prone to millerandage.
Veraison.
Following fruit set, the grape berries are green and hard to the touch. They have very little sugar and are high in organic acids. They begin to grow to about half their final size when they enter the stage of veraison. This stage signals the beginning of the ripening process and normally takes place around 40–50 days after fruit set. In the Northern Hemisphere this will be around the end of July and into August and between the end of January into February for the Southern Hemisphere. During this stage the colors of the grape take form-red/black or yellow/green depending on the grape varieties. This color changing is due to the chlorophyll in the berry skin being replaced by anthocyanins (red wine grapes) and carotenoids (white wine grapes). In a process known as engustment, the berries start to soften as they build up sugars. Within six days of the start of veraison, the berries begin to grow dramatically as they accumulate glucose and fructose and acids begin to fall.
The onset of veraison does not occur uniformly among all berries. Typically the berries and clusters that are most exposed to warmth, on the outer extents of the canopy, undergo veraison first with the berries and clusters closer to the trunk and under the canopy shade undergoing it last. There are some factors in the vineyards that can control the onset of veraison, limited water stress and canopy management that creates a high "fruit to leaf" ratio can encourage veraison. This is because the vine is biologically programmed to channel all its energies and resources into the berries, which houses its seedling offspring, so that they may have a better chance of survival. Conversely, very vigorous vines with lots of leaf shading for photosynthesis and water supply will delay the start of veraison due to the vines energies being directed towards continued shoot growth of new buds. For the production of high quality wine, it is considered ideal to have an earlier veraison. During this period the cane of the vine starts to ripen as well changing from green and springing to brown and hard. The vines begins to divert some of its energy production into its reserves in preparation for its next growth cycle.
After harvest.
In the vineyard, the antepenultimate event is the harvest in which the grapes are removed from the vine and transported to the winery to begin the wine making process. In the Northern Hemisphere this is generally between September and October while in the Southern Hemisphere it is generally between February and April. The time of harvest depends on a variety of factors-most notably the subjective determination of ripeness. As the grape ripens on the vines, sugars and pH increase as acids (such as malic acid) decrease. Tannins and other phenolics also develop which can affect the flavors and aromas in the resulting wine. The threat of detrimental weather and vine diseases (such as grey rot) can also play a role in the time table. The balance of all these factors contributes to when a winemaker or vineyard manager decides that it is time to harvest.
Following the harvest, the vines continues the process of photosynthesis, creating carbohydrate reserves to store in the vine's roots and trunks. It will continue doing this until an appropriate level of reserves have been stored. At that point the chlorophyll in the leaves begin to break down and the leaves change color from green to yellow. Following the first frost the leaves begin to fall as the vine starts to enter its winter dormancy period. The following spring, the cycle begins again.

</doc>
<doc id="19533917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533917" title="Ngatiarua">
Ngatiarua

Ngatiarua is one of four traditional districts on the island of Mauke in the Cook islands. It is in the north of the island, and is subdivided into five or six tapere.

</doc>
<doc id="19533920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533920" title="Makatea (district)">
Makatea (district)

Makatea is one of four traditional districts on the island of Mauke in the Cook islands. It is in the west of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19533923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533923" title="Vaimutu">
Vaimutu

Vaimutu is one of four traditional districts on the island of Mauke in the Cook islands. It is in the east of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19533926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533926" title="Areora">
Areora

Areora is one of four traditional districts on the island of Mauke in the Cook islands. It is in the south of the island, and is subdivided into three tapere.

</doc>
<doc id="19533927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533927" title="Leandro Armani">
Leandro Armani

Leandro Diego Armani (born 23 December 1983 in Casilda Santa Fe) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Tiro Federal in the Torneo Argentino A.
Career.
Armani played for Central Córdoba, Independiente Santa Fe, Tiro Federal and Newell's Old Boys during his first professional years. In 2010, after being the top scorer of the Argentine second division during the 2009–10 season with Tiro Federal, the press announced he had joined Godoy Cruz in the Argentine Primera División. However, the transfer did not go through.

</doc>
<doc id="19533942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533942" title="List of communist parties in Nepal">
List of communist parties in Nepal

The Communist Party of Nepal is a name used by a number of Nepalese political parties claiming allegiance to the communist ideology. Most trace their roots back to the original Communist Party of Nepal formed in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19533957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533957" title="List of largest daily changes in the Dow Jones Industrial Average">
List of largest daily changes in the Dow Jones Industrial Average

This is a list of the largest daily changes in the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
Largest percentage changes.
Note that some sources (including the file Highlights/Lowlights of The Dow on the Dow Jones website) show a loss of −24.39% (from 71.42 to 54.00) on December 12, 1914, placing that day atop the list of largest percentage losses. The New York Stock Exchange reopened that day following a nearly four-and-a-half-month closure since July 30, 1914, and the Dow in fact rose several percent that day (from 71.42 to 74.56, or +4.4%). However, the apparent decline was due to a later 1916 revision of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which retroactively adjusted the values following the closure but not those before, and it represents the only discontinuity in the index’s history rather than an actual loss.
October seems to be the month for extreme daily swing in the Dow, both to the upside and to the downside (see http://seekingalpha.com/article/1697892-october-it-was-the-best-of-months-it-was-the-worst-of-months). 
Largest point changes.
The first four tables show only the largest one-day changes between a given day's close and the close of the previous trading day, not the largest changes during the trading day (i.e. intraday changes). 
Largest intraday point swings.
This table shows the largest intraday point swings since 1987. As the "Net Change" column shows, 14 of these 20 largest intraday swings occurred during days in which the Dow declined, while only 6 occurred during days in which it advanced. All ten of the largest intraday swings have occurred amidst the ongoing global financial crisis, and none of the top 20 occurred before the year 2000. During the height of the crisis, nine of the ten largest intraday swings ever (and 14 of the top 20) occurred over a single span of trading days between September 29, 2008 and December 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19533974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19533974" title="List of New Mexico state symbols">
List of New Mexico state symbols

This is a list of the officially designated symbols of the U.S. state of New Mexico. Most such designations are found in §12.3 of the New Mexico Statutes. The majority of the items in the list are officially recognized after a law is passed by the state legislature. New Mexico is the first state to adopt a state question: "Red or green?"

</doc>
<doc id="19534025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534025" title="Dave Ramsey">
Dave Ramsey

David L. "Dave" Ramsey III (born September 3, 1960) is an American financial author, radio host, television personality, and motivational speaker. His show and writings strongly focus on encouraging people to get out of debt.
Ramsey's syndicated radio program, "The Dave Ramsey Show", is heard on more than 500 radio stations throughout the United States and Canada, in podcast format, on IHeartRadio, a dedicated iOS application, as well as live audio and video on DaveRamsey.com. He has written numerous books including four "New York Times" bestsellers. His books and broadcasts often feature a Christian perspective that reflects Ramsey's religious beliefs. Ramsey was named the 2009 Marconi Award winner for Network/Syndicated Personality of the Year.
Ramsey's company, The Lampo Group, Inc., headquartered in Brentwood, Tennessee, oversees three divisions geared toward financial counseling. 
Ramsey has been featured on many media outlets including The Oprah Winfrey Show, 60 Minutes, and The Early Show on CBS. He made big time gains on Dr. Phil. He recorded a pilot and six unaired episodes of "The Dave Ramsey Project" for CBS. He was the host of "The Dave Ramsey Show", which aired at 8 p.m. ET and repeated weekdays on the Fox Business Network until June 2010. 
Biography.
Ramsey was born and raised in Antioch, Tennessee. He was a 1982 graduate of the College of Business Administration at University of Tennessee, Knoxville. At the age of 26, through his brokerage firm Ramsey Investments, Inc., he built a rental real estate portfolio worth more than $4 million and became one of Tennessee's youngest brokers to be admitted to the Graduate Realtors Institute.
Ramsey's success soon came to an end as the Tax Reform Act of 1986 began to have a negative impact on the real estate business. One of Ramsey's largest creditors was sold to a larger bank, which began to take a harder look at Ramsey's borrowing habits. The bank demanded he pay $1.2 million worth of short-term notes within 90 days, forcing him to file for bankruptcy relief.
Ramsey then began counseling couples at his local church. Soon after offering private counseling services, Ramsey began attending every workshop and seminar on consumer financial problems that he could find. He developed a simple set of lessons and materials based partially on his own experience and on works and teachings by Larry Burkett, Ron Blue and Art Williams of A.L. Williams company now called Primerica. In 1992, after many requests from his clients, he wrote his first book, "Financial Peace".
Ramsey has been married to his wife, Sharon, for over 30 years. They have three children: Denise, Rachel, and Daniel. The family resides in Franklin, Tennessee.
The Dave Ramsey Show.
Ramsey started his radio career by co-hosting the show "The Money Game" with Roy Matlock of Primerica on June 15, 1992. It is currently known as "The Dave Ramsey Show". Originally based locally, it is now syndicated across the country. In 2007 the Fox Business Network launched a television show under the same title, but canceled the show in June 2010. In August 2013 the Dave Ramsey Show began transmitting a live video feed featuring the live three-hour call-in show, as well as other special video content.
Dave identifies himself as a devout born-again Christian. Many churches have hosted and promoted Dave Ramsey workshops.
Related companies.
The Lampo Group, Inc..
Ramsey founded his company, The Lampo Group, Inc., in 1992, initially helping people one-on-one who were struggling with financial issues. In 1994 he hired Russ Carroll, Ramsey's lead financial counselor, and together they began teaching the first Financial Peace University classes on overhead projectors. Between 1999 and 2004, The Lampo Group grew from 18 to 105 team members. There are currently over 350 team members.
Ramsey runs his business completely debt-free, an accomplishment he states was critical to the success of his company.
Financial Peace University.
Ramsey is also the creator of Financial Peace University, a biblically-based training series for adults that integrates video teaching, class discussions, and small group activities as well as a companion series targeted at teenagers that has been offered in schools across the nation. The video series lasted for 13 weeks until August 2012 when it was relaunched as a 9 week program. Some topics covered in the series are cash flow planning, investing, saving, credit, retirement, and giving.
Share It!
"Share It!" is a foundation created by Dave and Sharon Ramsey for the purpose of working with other non-profit organizations, such as housing initiatives, work to success projects, domestic violence shelters, drug and alcohol recovery programs, crisis pregnancy centers, youth outreaches, and high schools, to help others become financially literate.
EntreLeadership.
The word EntreLeadership describes the responsibilities of a small business owner as an entrepreneur (Entre) and as a leader (Leadership). EntreLeadership is also the name of a small business conference developed by Dave Ramsey. The principles presented at EntreLeadership seminars are the core principles of how Ramsey grew his company debt-free. EntreLeadership is available to small-business owners in two forms; a one-day abbreviated seminar; and a five-day master series located at a resort destination. The small business conference is taught by Ramsey and his leadership team. Ramsey also released the book titled EntreLeadership in 2011. The book rose to the New York Times Bestseller's list nearly overnight. EntreLeadership marked the fourth time Dave Ramsey has been listed on the New York Times Bestseller's list.
The Legacy Journey.
In 2013 Ramsey and the Lampo Group launched the followup to Financial Peace University, The Legacy Journey. This course is a biblically-based training series for adults lasting seven weeks focused on "what's next?" after getting out of debt and, like Financial Peace University, integrates video teaching, class discussions, and small group activities. Some topics covered in this series are a deeper look into investing, basic estate planning, purposeful living, safeguarding your legacy, and discovering the keys to generational wealth and true generosity. 
Criticism and countercriticism.
Financial criticism.
Ramsey is often criticized for advocating the debt snowball method of debt reduction (paying the debt with the lowest balance first) by those preferring that the debt with the highest interest rate should be paid first. However Time Magazine reports research which defends this method as more effective.
Ramsey is also criticized for his advice to stop retirement contributions while getting out of debt and building an emergency fund, even to the point of rejecting an employer match. Ramsey responds that, as with the debt snowball, it is about the emotion, not the math.
The most common financial criticism is Ramsey's projection that investments will return 12% and in retirement you can draw 8% safely every year. He appears to never differentiate between "average" return and "compound" return. Mathematically the withdrawal rate must be based on compound annual returns which are lower than the average 12% return he cites. Ramsey defends this by pointing to his own returns and historical stock market averages. He pointed to a specific fund that he invested in with that track record over its 78 year history. This was determined to be American Fund's Investment Company of America.
Christian criticism.
The "Nashville Scene" has reported that Ramsey occasionally receives emails and letters containing the red-letter Bible verse: "And again I say unto you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God." (Matthew 19:24) Ramsey interprets such communications as a rebuke of his own wealth and a call for poverty, dismissing these letters as “doctrinal nitpicking.” He instead points to Matthew 25:13-30 and the good Samaritan as examples of being a good steward of money. That is why he states he is unashamedly in favor of building wealth. As Dave Ramsey states, how can broke people help the poor?
In November 2013 Ramsey received significant criticism from other Christians over social media after posting an article by Tim Corley to his website, titled 20 Things the Rich Do Every Day (Internet Archive).
Publications.
Spanish translations.
"The Total Money Makeover", "Financial Peace Revisited", and "More than Enough" have been translated into Spanish.
References.
Notes
Further Reading

</doc>
<doc id="19534058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534058" title="2006 Rink hockey World Club Championship">
2006 Rink hockey World Club Championship

The Rink hockey World Club Championship is a worldwide competition with the best rink hockey teams. This competition was held for the first time in 2006, in Luanda, Angola.
The budget for the competition in 2006 was 1 million US Dollars. The winner earned a 5000 euro prize, the 2nd placed, 2500 euro and the 3rd placed 1250. Every team received a trophy and the 4th to the 12th placed teams equal ones. The Topscorer was Luís Viana, a Portuguese player of Bassano, who scored 13 goals.
Format.
12 teams from 8 different countries participate. The teams are divided into 4 groups of three teams each. The top teams of each group will advance to the final stage into a round-robin group to decide which team is the champion. The teams that didn't advance to the final stage will play knockout rounds to determine the 5th to 12th placed teams.
Group stage.
All times West Africa Time / Western European Time (only during DST)
5th to 12th Places.
Second round.
Winners of the First Round:
Losers of the First Round:
Third round.
5th and 6th Places:
7th and 8th Places:
9th and 10th Places:
11th and 12th Places:

</doc>
<doc id="19534151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534151" title="2006 Australian Film Institute Awards">
2006 Australian Film Institute Awards

The 48th Annual Australian Film Institute Awards ceremony, honouring the best in film and television acting achievements for the year 2006 in the cinema of Australia, took place on 6–7 December 2006. During the ceremony, the Australian Film Institute presented Australian Film Institute Awards (commonly referred to as AFI Awards) in 40 categories including feature films, television, animation, and documentaries. It was hosted by Geoffrey Rush.
Winners of major awards.
"This is a breakdown of winners of major awards categories only. For a complete list of nominees and winners, see

</doc>
<doc id="19534211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534211" title="R.C. Hickman">
R.C. Hickman

R.C. Hickman (c. 1922 – 2007), known for his iconic photographs of the civil rights movement, was one of the most important photographers in the history of Dallas, Texas. For many decades he worked as a photographer for the "Dallas Star Post" (an African-American-owned newspaper) as well as freelancing for "Jet". He also worked for the NAACP documenting inequality in Dallas, such as photographing school segregation for the NAACP's court cases.

</doc>
<doc id="19534230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534230" title="Communiqué (Steve Lacy &amp; Mal Waldron album)">
Communiqué (Steve Lacy &amp; Mal Waldron album)

Communiqué is an album by Steve Lacy and Mal Waldron released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1987. It features duo performances of tunes written by Thelonious Monk, Charles Mingus, Miles Davis, Elmo Hope and originals by Lacy and Waldron.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 4 stars stating "Like all collaborations featuring Steve Lacy and Mal Waldron together, this Soul Note CD is highly recommended. ".

</doc>
<doc id="19534254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534254" title="La Bureba">
La Bureba

La Bureba is a "comarca" located in the northeast of the Province of Burgos in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain. It is bounded on the north by Las Merindades, east by the Comarca del Ebro, south-east by the Montes de Oca and south-west by the Alfoz de Burgos.
Administrative Entities.
The comarca capital is Briviesca.
Geography.
La Bureba is criss-crossed by several small rivers and arroyos that empty into the Ebro river: the Homino, Oroncillo, Oca, and Tirón. The mountain ranges of the northwesternmost end of the Sistema Ibérico are located in La Bureba.

</doc>
<doc id="19534264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534264" title="B. T. Collins">
B. T. Collins

Brien Thomas "B. T." Collins (October 17, 1940 – March 19, 1993) was an American politician from California and a member of the Republican party.
Early years.
Born in New York City, New York on October 17, 1940, Collins served as a Green Beret Captain during the Vietnam War and lost his right arm and right leg to a grenade attack in 1967. Upon returning to the United States, Collins enrolled at Santa Clara University, earning a B.A. in 1970 and a J.D. in 1973.
Executive branch.
In 1979, Collins was appointed by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown as Director of the California Conservation Corps. During his California Conservation Corps service, Collins gained notoriety for drinking a beaker of malathion to demonstrate his belief that it was safe. 
Although a liberal Democrat, Brown nevertheless appointed the conservative Republican Collins to replace Gray Davis as his chief of staff, a position Collins held until Brown left office in 1983. 
Collins served as chief deputy to Republican California State Treasurer Tom Hayes from 1989 until 1991, when Hayes left office and Republican Governor Pete Wilson appointed him as director of the California Youth Authority.
State Assembly.
After Sacramento-area Republican Tim Leslie won a special election to the California State Senate to replace John Doolittle, who had been elected to Congress, Wilson encouraged Collins to run for Leslie's vacant seat in the State Assembly. Collins won a special election that September for the Sacramento-area 5th District against fellow Republican Barbara Alby, and narrowly beat her again in the 1992 GOP primary.
Death.
Collins died of a sudden heart attack March 19, 1993 in Sacramento while serving his second term in the State Assembly. Alby won the special election to replace him.
Several sites in Sacramento have been renamed in his honor. When the Sacramento Army Depot was redesignated as an Army Reserve Center in the mid-1990s, it was renamed the B.T. Collins Army Reserve Center. There is also a park in the City of Folsom named the B.T. Collins City Park located at 828 Willow Creek Dr, Folsom, CA. The men's restroom in the Santa Clara University School of Law library was named the "B.T. Collins Memorial Latrine" in his honor; it features a plaque over the urinal with a quote from Collins: "If it ain’t in Gilbert's, it ain't the Law."

</doc>
<doc id="19534294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534294" title="Baisari High School">
Baisari High School

Baisari High School is an educational institution of Baisari in Banaripara thana, Bangladesh. It was once co-educational, but is now a boys school. 

</doc>
<doc id="19534299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534299" title="The Forever War (disambiguation)">
The Forever War (disambiguation)

The Forever War may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19534304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534304" title="Peter Mokaba">
Peter Mokaba

Peter Mokaba, OLG (born 7 January 1959 near Pietersburg, died in Johannesburg on 9 June 2002) was a member of the South African parliament, deputy minister in the government of Nelson Mandela and president of the South African governing party's youth wing, the ANC Youth League. The Polokwane stadium for the 2010 FIFA World Cup was named after him.
Mokaba became known in the 1990s for his use of the slogan "Kill the farmer, kill the Boer", a traditional struggle-era chant which in 2003 was ruled hate speech by the South African Human Rights Commission.Opponents of the song argue that it bears a literal interpretation, inciting racial violence against whites;[http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=6&art_id=vn20100310041938251C304265 defenders claim that its value is purely as a reminder of South Africa's history, and that it does not incite violence. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/03/30/ozatp-safrica-racism-idAFJOE62T0IM20100330] 
Mokaba was HIV positive, but refused treatment because he viewed pharmaceutical drugs as poisonous; he died in 2002 of AIDS-related pneumonia. According to Mokaba, anti-Aids drugs had no benefits "beyond profits for the pharmaceutical industry"; the fight against these companies, he said, should be waged with the same intensity as the struggle against apartheid. Privately, he assured supporters that the HIV virus and Aids were part of an "international Western plot" to decimate blacks and "regain colonial control" in Africa. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/obituaries/1396855/Peter-Mokaba.html
He was a friend of Winnie Madikizela-Mandela, the former wife of Nelson Mandela. At the time of his death, he had been appointed to head the ANC electoral campaign in 2004 and his funeral was attended by former presidents Thabo Mbeki and Nelson Mandela as well as current South African president Jacob Zuma.

</doc>
<doc id="19534344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534344" title="Friedrich Schauta">
Friedrich Schauta

Friedrich Schauta (July 15, 1849 - January 10, 1919) was an Austrian surgeon and gynecologist born in Vienna.
In 1874 he received his medical doctorate at the University of Vienna, and following graduation remained in Vienna as an assistant at the surgical clinic of Johann von Dumreicher (1815-1880). From 1876 to 1881 Schauta worked under Joseph Späth (1823-1896) at the latter's clinic of obstetrics and gynecology. In 1881 he became habilitated for OB/GYN at Vienna, and subsequently relocated to the University of Innsbruck, where in 1884 he became a full professor. Three years later, he succeeded August Breisky (1832-1889) in Prague, and in 1891 returned to Vienna as a successor to Carl Braun (1822-1891) as chair at the first department of gynecology and obstetrics.
Among his students and assistants were Ernst Wertheim (1864-1920), Josef von Halban (1870-1937) and Bianca Bienenfeld (1879–1929).
Schauta is remembered for introducing an operation for uterine cancer in which the uterus and ovaries are removed by way of the vagina (Schauta-Stoeckel operation). He published numerous articles in the fields of gynecology and obstetrics, two of his better known books being "Grundriss der operative Geburtshilfe" (Outline for operative obstetrics) and "Lehrbuch der gesammten Gynäkologie" (Textbook of complete gynecology).
With Rudolf Chrobak (1843-1910), he planned and managed the construction of a new hospital department for gynecology in Vienna. In 1929 the "Schautagasse" in Vienna-Favoriten was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19534378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534378" title="Penny Sackett">
Penny Sackett

Penny Diane Sackett (born 28 February 1956) is an American-born Australian astronomer and former director of the Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics (RSAA) at the Australian National University (ANU). Professor Sackett was the Chief Scientist of Australia from November 2008 until March 2011.
Early life and studies.
Born in Lincoln, Nebraska—the daughter of an accountant and a business machine technician— Sackett spent her childhood in Omaha. She was interested in science from a very young age, and her original inclination was towards biology and medicine. While initially unenthusiastic about physics, Sackett developed a passion for the discipline through being mentored by her high school physics teacher.
Her undergraduate study was at University of Nebraska at Omaha, graduating "summa cum laude" in 1978. In 1984, she completed her Ph.D. in theoretical physics at the University of Pittsburgh. Her thesis title is "Scale Parameters for Finite Temperature Actions of Lattice Gauge Theories Coupled to Fermions".
Scientific career.
Sackett worked for a time as a reporter for "Science News" and in program administration for the National Science Foundation. She has previously held positions at Kapteyn Astronomical Institute and the Institute for Advanced Study. 
From 2002, Sackett was the director of the Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics (a part of ANU) for five years until standing down to concentrate on mentoring and research. In her role as director, Sackett was responsible for the management of Mount Stromlo Observatory in Canberra and Siding Spring Observatory in Coonabarabran, New South Wales. As director of the Mount Stromlo observatory, she was responsible for its reconstruction after the 2003 Canberra bushfires. The reconstruction work proved difficult due to disagreements with the insurers and was further complicated by the heritage status of the observatory requiring the Australian Heritage Commission to approve all works. 
In September 2008, Sackett was appointed the Chief Scientist of Australia; taking over duties in November 2008. Announcing her appointment, the Minister for Innovation, Industry, Science and Research, Senator Kim Carr said Sackett is "an accomplished cross-disciplinary scientist with a record of academic excellence on three continents ... highly respected in the national and international communities of science and technology, both for her research and her proven experience in research management." After commencing her work at the Office of the Chief Scientist, she remained an adjunct professor at the ANU and continue to supervise research students. Sackett was the first full-time Chief Scientist since the role was downgraded to a part-time position in 1996. On 18 February 2011, in a letter to fellow scientists, Sackett announced her intending departure from the post of Chief Scientist, citing professional and personal reasons.
Research and affiliations.
While a physicist by training and an astronomer by profession, Sackett considers herself an educator by inclination and is certified to teach science at primary and secondary school levels. Her research interests include extrasolar planets—Sackett was an innovative user of gravitational microlensing to search for extrasolar planets—dark matter and galactic structure. In 2006, Sackett was one of a team of 73 astronomers from 31 institutions in 12 countries that discovered OGLE-2005-BLG-390Lb, a small, cool planet orbiting a star in the inner Milky Way.
Sackett is an Elected International Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society and a board member of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy. She is a member of the Astronomical Society of Australia, the American Astronomical Society, the International Astronomical Union and the Association for Women in Science. She is a member of the board of directors of the Giant Magellan Telescope project. In 1995, Sackett and Kailash Sahu founded the Probing Lensing Anomalies Network (PLANET) collaboration. Sackett is one of seven women chosen by the Office of the Status of Women to act as an ambassador to promote science to secondary school students.

</doc>
<doc id="19534380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534380" title="Jeonbok">
Jeonbok

The jeonbok is a type of sleeveless long vest in hanbok, traditional Korean clothing, which was worn by military personnel. It does not have overlapped column on the front side, and was worn over "dongdari" (동다리).

</doc>
<doc id="19534383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534383" title="Little House (Palisades, New York)">
Little House (Palisades, New York)

Little House is a historic home located at Palisades in Rockland County, New York. It was built in 1824 is a -story, three-bay, side-passage frame residence in the Federal style. Also on the property are two late-19th-century sheds.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19534400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534400" title="The Forever War (non-fiction book)">
The Forever War (non-fiction book)

The Forever War is a non-fiction book by American journalist Dexter Filkins about his observations on assignment in Afghanistan and Iraq during the US invasion of Afghanistan and the Iraq War. The book made the "New York Times Book Review" list of "10 Best Books of 2008" as chosen by the paper's editors, and was awarded the 2008 National Book Critics Circle Award in General Nonfiction. It was named one of the best nonfiction books of the year by among others The New York Times, Amazon.com, "The Washington Post", "Time" magazine and the "Boston Globe".
As a foreign correspondent for "The New York Times", Dexter Filkins has covered the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq since 2001. He has been a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize and a winner of a George Polk Award and two Overseas Press Club Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19534432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534432" title="Little House (Victoria, Texas)">
Little House (Victoria, Texas)

Little House is a historic place in Victoria, Texas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19534474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534474" title="Karasu (disambiguation)">
Karasu (disambiguation)

Karasu, Kara-su, Kara su, or Qarasu may refer to:
Towns and cities.
in Turkey
in Kyrgyzstan
in Azerbaijan
in China
in Uzbekistan
in Kazakhstan
in Tajikistan

</doc>
<doc id="19534497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534497" title="Eddystone">
Eddystone

Eddystone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19534523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534523" title="Consumption–possibility frontier">
Consumption–possibility frontier

The CPF, or consumption–possibility frontier, is the budget constraint where participants in international trade can consume. Under autarky this constraint is identical to the production–possibility frontier.[http://ingrimayne.com/econ/ActionsResults/Exchange.html][http://www.colorado.edu/Economics/courses/econ2020/section2/section2-main.html][http://www.questia.com/googleScholar.qst;jsessionid=LhyfLn2MjbpzpyGGXNylZJThwr2v08r8FzlywvzLJvsW96yjL7P4!-1569404826?docId=95859775]

</doc>
<doc id="19534653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534653" title="Hemofarm a.d.">
Hemofarm a.d.

Hemofarm a.d., a member of STADA Group, is Serbian pharmaceutical company based in Vršac, Serbia. Founded in 1960, it is one of the largest domestic producer and exporter of medicines in Serbia. Hemofarm currently operates in more than 30 countries on 3 continents and has approximately 2,400 employees.
The core activity represents the manufacture of high-quality, effective, safe and affordable Rx and OTC medicines and products of the latest generation, in all known forms and groups through implementation of the cutting-edge technologies. Portfolio includes over 140 INNs, with about 280 forms and dosage forms. Over the counter (OTC) medicines of Hemofarm keep the leading position in Serbian market. 
History.
Hemofarm was founded on June 1, 1960 in Vršac. In 2003 it opened the first factory for the production of medicine in the Republika Srpska. As of 2003 Hemofarm consisted of 21 subsidiaries, 12 of which were located in Serbia and Montenegro.
In 2004, the company acquired four other Serbian concerns, increasing its market share from 15% to 45% in the process.
Hemofarm was bought by German STADA Arzneimittel pharmaceutical group for 480 million euros in 2006. Since August 9, 2009 Hemofarm has been a member of the German STADA Group.
Research and development.
Hemofarm’s R&D division was established in 1990, and it has been recognized by STADA as a competence center for development of new generic products not only for local and regional market, but also for the whole STADA Group. An intensive development of products intended for registration and sale in the demanding European Union market started in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19534677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534677" title="DC Comics Classics Library">
DC Comics Classics Library

The DC Comics Classics Library is a line of hardcover comic book collections, collecting classic storylines along similar lines as Marvel Comics' Marvel Premiere Classic line.

</doc>
<doc id="19534682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534682" title="J. Y. Dykman Flour and Feed Store">
J. Y. Dykman Flour and Feed Store

The J.Y. Dykman Flour and Feed Store is located on Main Street (NY 301) in Nelsonville, New York, United States. It is a brick building that today houses a small delicatessen and some apartments in its upper stories. It is the most ornate commercial building in the small village, and in 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
It is a -story brick building with a heavily modillioned cornice and decorated bargeboards on the front end of its gabled roof. The sills and lintels are made of stone, with cross and scroll patterns worked into the brick. An oriel window projects from the cross-gable on the west facade.
In 1867, the earliest known map showing Nelsonville, at the time the growing home of workers at the West Point Foundry in nearby Cold Spring, depicts the store at the spot with James Y. Dykman's name attached to it, suggesting it had been there for quite some time. He also had it painted on the wall of the building, where it remained until the late 20th century. A later map, in 1912, when Dykman had opened another store nearby with his name, shows the building still in use as a general store. In the 1950s, its rear was enlarged to accommodate more apartments. It has otherwise remained as it was in the mid-19th century when it was built.

</doc>
<doc id="19534719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534719" title="Bleach (season 8)">
Bleach (season 8)

The eighth season of the "Bleach" anime series is named the . The episodes are directed by Noriyuki Abe and produced by TV Tokyo, Dentsu, and Studio Pierrot. Based on Tite Kubo's "Bleach" manga series, the episodes' plot centers on Ichigo Kurosaki's and his friends' battle against the Espada, the strongest members of former Soul Reaper captain Sōsuke Aizen's army, to save Orihime Inoue.
The season began airing on December 12, 2007 in Japan on TV Tokyo and ended on April 16, 2008. The English adaptation of the "Bleach" anime is licensed by Viz Media, and this arc began airing on September 26, 2009 and ended November 21, 2009 on Adult Swim. Four DVD compilations, each containing four episodes of the season, were released by Aniplex between May 28, 2008 and August 27, 2008 in Japan. Viz Media released the season in two separate DVD boxes during 2011 on June 21 and September 6. The first box, however, also contains episodes from the previous season.
The episodes use three pieces of theme music: one opening theme and two closing themes. The opening theme is "After Dark" by Asian Kung-Fu Generation. The first closing theme is Kousuke Atari's , which switches in episode 154 to by RSP. To promote the second "Bleach" featured film, "", the opening and closing credits for episode 152 to 154 use footage from the film, which was released on December 22, 2007.
Episode list.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19534729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534729" title="Taft High School (Lincoln City, Oregon)">
Taft High School (Lincoln City, Oregon)

Taft High School, also known as Taft High 7–12, is a public high school and middle school located in Lincoln City, Oregon, United States. It is one of five high schools in the Lincoln County School District. It serves students from seventh grade through twelfth grade. It is named for Taft, one the communities that combined to form Lincoln City in 1965.
Academics.
In 2008, 61% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 140 students, 86 graduated, 39 dropped out, 1 received a modified diploma, and 14 remained in high school.
Notable alumni.
Andy Zenor (1995) Executive Producer and regular on The Ellen DeGeneres Show

</doc>
<doc id="19534738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534738" title="Prince Frederick Augustus of Anhalt-Dessau">
Prince Frederick Augustus of Anhalt-Dessau

Frederick Augustus of Anhalt-Dessau () (23 September 1799 – 4 December 1864), was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Dessau branch.
Birth and family.
Frederick was born in Dessau on 23 September 1799 as the fourth (but third surviving son) of Frederick, Hereditary Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his wife Landgravine Amalie of Hesse-Homburg, daughter of Frederick V, Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg.
Marriage and issue.
In Schloss Rumpenheim in Offenbach am Main on 11 September 1832, Frederick Augustus married Landgravine Marie Louise Charlotte of Hesse-Kassel (b. Copenhagen, 9 May 1814 - d. Schloss Hohenburg, 28 July 1895). She was a daughter of Prince William of Hesse-Kassel by his wife Princess Louise Charlotte of Denmark, a sister of King Christian VIII of Denmark). Marie was an older sister of the later Queen Louise, wife of King Christian IX of Denmark.
Frederick and Marie had three daughters:
Death.
Prince Frederick died on 4 December 1864 in Dessau. Princess Marie survived him by 30 years and died on 28 July 1895 in Hohenburg Castle in Lenggries in Bavaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19534740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534740" title="Zsuzsi Roboz">
Zsuzsi Roboz

Zsuzsi Roboz (1939 – July 9, 2012) was a London-based Hungarian painter.
Biography.
Zsuzsi Roboz was born in Hungary in 1939. She later moved to London, where she pursued a career in painting. Some of her paintings are exhibited at the National Portrait Gallery and at the Tate.
She is best known for her portraits of dancers, musicians and writers.

</doc>
<doc id="19534766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534766" title="Galenika a.d.">
Galenika a.d.

Galenika AD is a Serbian pharmaceutical company based in Zemun, Serbia, controlling one-third of the pharmaceutical market share in the country. Founded in 1945, Galenika is a major pharmaceutical drug-maker in the Balkans with exports to Europe, Africa and Asia.
Still a state-owned company, Galenika is gradually moving towards a privatized model. The Government of Serbia announced its intent to privatize Galenika sometime in 2013.
As of 2006, Galenika remains a leader in research and development as the only pharmaceutical company in Serbia with an institute registered with the Ministry of Science and Environmental Protection.
According to its most recent annual financial report submitted to Serbian Business Registers Agency (SBRA), the company has 2,457 employees and it posted an annual loss of RSD 5,605,302,000 (approximately US$ 65.18 million at the time) for the calendar year of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19534811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534811" title="2008 Jodhpur stampede">
2008 Jodhpur stampede

A human stampede occurred on September 30, 2008, at the Chamunda Devi temple in Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India, in which 249 people were killed and more than 400 injured. The 15th-century temple is dedicated to the goddess Chamunda Devi and is located within the premises of Mehrangarh Fort.
About 25,000 Hindu pilgrims were visiting the temple to mark the first day of the nine-day-long Navratri, a major festival in Hinduism dedicated to Goddess worship and celebrated across the world.
Cause.
The devotees scrambled towards the door the moment it opened, resulting in the destruction of the barricades. Many people were injured when they lost their footing on the slope approaching the temple. 
According to "The Times of India", local reports suggest that a bomb blast in nearby Mehrangarh created panic among the pilgrims resulting in the stampede. However, the "BBC News" reported that a collapsing wall may have also caused the stampede. Some eyewitnesses told "CNN-IBN" that a rumor about a bomb being planted in the temple caused panic among pilgrims.
Others said there was a scramble in the men's queue; some devotees slipped and soon there was a massive resultant stampede where a day of celebration turned into one of mourning. 
An eyewitness also said that the path leading to the temple was very narrow with no emergency exit routes.
Aftermath.
Indian Army doctors were called to assist the local authorities in the relief operation. Bharatiya Janata Party's Rajnath Singh assured speedy relief to the victims of the tragedy.
Local authorities revealed that most of the dead were men as the queue for women was separate.
Reactions.
Uttarakhand Chief Minister B C Khanduri and Governor B L Joshi both expressed grief over the death of the pilgrims at the Chamunda Devi temple. 
A Raj Bhavan statement issued a condolence message saying Joshi conveyed his deepest sorrow to the bereaved families of the dead and said he would pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in the incident. 
Khanduri followed too in expressing grief over the accident. He also directed District Magistrates of all the 13 districts of his state to make special arrangements at religious places as they are expected to attract large crowds during the Navratra period.

</doc>
<doc id="19534812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534812" title="Bugsy (video game)">
Bugsy (video game)

Bugsy, also known as The King of Chicago, was a 1986 text-adventure game for the Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC, and Sinclair ZX Spectrum developed by St. Bride's School and published by CRL Group exclusively in Europe. Its protagonist, Bugsy Maroon, was a Bugs Bunny-esque rabbit gangster in 1922 Chicago. The objective of the game is to be a successful criminal. Although primarily a text-adventure, it featured simple graphics depicting the current scene. 

</doc>
<doc id="19534818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534818" title="Karayusuflu">
Karayusuflu

Karayusuflu (literally "place of black Yusuf") is a Turkic word that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19534829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534829" title="Ledley">
Ledley

Ledley is a name shared by the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19534874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534874" title="Civil Air Patrol National Cadet Competition">
Civil Air Patrol National Cadet Competition

The Civil Air Patrol National Cadet Competition is the highest echelon of competition for Civil Air Patrol (CAP) Drill Teams and Color Guards, including all 52 Wings and 8 regions of the CAP. Annually, each of the 52 CAP wings hosts a competition to decide one drill team and one color guard winner to represent their wing to their respective region competition. Wing Competitions are normally held anywhere from December to March and region competitions are usually held anywhere from April to May, with the winning drill team and color guard representing their respective region at the National Cadet Competition held every summer. Only one drill team and one color guard is able to represent their region at the NCC, making NCC the most elite competition CAP has to offer. The winning NCC teams are awarded the United States Air Force Chief of Staff Sweepstakes Award Trophy, with their wing name being added to the trophy's display. To add to its prestige, each NCC winner is awarded a silver star which is added to their drill team or color guard ribbon. This year, the 2013 National Cadet Competition (NCC) was held July 17th through July 20th in Dayton, Ohio at Wright State University and Stebbins High School. The 2014 National Cadet Competition is postponed, while it is under review for reorganization, due to its high cost of operation.
2013 National Drill Team Competition Winners are: 
Great Lakes Region - Ohio Wing
Southeast Region - Tennessee Wing
2013 National Color Guard Competition Winners are: 
Rocky Mountain Region - Utah Wing
Photos and Full Results from the 2013 NCC can be found here:
2013 NCC Results
The wings who represented their regions to the 2013 National Cadet Competition were as follows:
2013 Schedule and Directions
The results from the 2012 NCC can be found here:
http://www.kalemis.com/ncc/index.html
All previous year's winners can be found here:
http://ncsas.com/ncc_winners/
International Drill Competition.
In 1947, based upon the cadet training program which required proficiency in standard drill "without arms," General Lucas V. Beau, Civil Air Patrol's National Commander, instituted the National Drill Competition. Rules were drafted by the US Drill Competition Committee, United States Air Force Ceremonial Detachment located at Bolling AFB, Washington DC and practices used by the Army ROTC program.
Major General Lucas Victor Beau, Commanding General of the Civil Air Patrol, was a well-known figure with countries having aviation cadet programs or showing an interest in establishing one. General Beau was well liked and had a longtime association with the Air Cadet League of Canada, an organization started in 1939 and one that the CAP Cadet program was modeled after when it began in October 1942.
Beau was attending a planning meeting in April 1947 in Canada to help organize the first International Air Cadet Exchange program which was to start in the summer of 1948 between the United States and Canada. When it was mentioned that CAP was establishing a National Drill Competition along the lines of the annual drill competition and exhibition that was held in Canada for the Air League. A point was made that the CAP Cadets were excellent marchers, and the Canadians counted that they too were suburb drill men; thus, a challenge.
Beau donated in 1948 for presentation at the first meet held in conjunction with the New York City Jubilee at Idlewild Airport Jamaica, Long Island, a heavy Sterling Silver trophy which is shaped in the form of the circular CAP Shoulder patch, it is 12 inches in diameter and 1 inch thick, the top of the circle is an arc with engraved relief block letters that spell out the words "CIVIL AIR PATROL". The trophy center piece is a highly polished raised isosceles triangle set on a circular blue background with raised -inch border; within its center is a raised red three-bladed propeller, and the raised block letters "US" is centered on the lower half of the blue. The circular emblem is mounted on an by and base, which has across its front and back sides three raised triangles, each end has two triangles, for a total of 10 triangles all around, on each of these triangles is engraved the year (above) and the country (below) of the winner, i.e. "1949 CANADA".
Winners of the National Competition.
The National Drill Competition was governed by its original rules from 1948 to 1965. Between 1948 and 1959, the winners of the competition were awarded the Colonel George A. Stone CAP Trophy. From 1960, until the final National Drill Competition under the original rules was held in 1965, the trophy was given no name. 
The winners of the National Drill Competition under its original rules are listed below.
From 1966 to 1973, no National Drill Competition was held. The efforts of the National Commander's Committee on Cadet Programs (1971 to 1975) was instrumental in reestablishing and developing the National Cadet Competition, which besides drill and inspection added physical fitness, and knowledge of aerospace education to it curriculum. Originally it was to be called the National Cadet Olympics and later renamed in 1975 to the National Cadet Competition. The first was held in Dallas, Texas in 1974. 
From 1974 to 1977, the winners of the competition were presented a trophy given under no name. In 1978 the CAP-USAF Commander, Brigadier General Paul E. Gardner, USAF, in a memorandum recommended the use of Civil Air Patrol Corporate funds in the amount of $1,000 to rename and establish the USAF Chief of Staff Sweepstakes Award Trophy as recognition of the national champions. The National Executive Committee of CAP approved on 4 March 1978.
The Air Force Chief of Staff at the time, General David C. Jones, USAF, approved of this award and authorized it in the name of all Air Force Chiefs of Staff on 26 April 1978.
In 1996, the National Cadet Competition was split into two distinct competitions; the National Drill Team Competition, and the National Color Guard Competition.
The winners of the modern National Drill Team Competition are listed below.
The winners of the National Color Guard Competition are listed below.
Current Statistics of the National Cadet Competition (1974 - Present).
The following table shows the number of national championships won since the recreation of the National Cadet Competition in 1974, by region.

</doc>
<doc id="19534878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534878" title="Harry Lewis">
Harry Lewis

Harry Lewis or Harold Lewis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19534882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534882" title="Financial Risk Manager">
Financial Risk Manager

The Financial Risk Manager (FRM) designation is an international professional certification offered by the Global Association of Risk Professionals. To be awarded the FRM designation, candidates must complete rigorous two-part, practice-oriented examination that covers the major topics in financial risk management, demonstrate two years' professional work experience in financial risk management, and meet other requirements.
The FRM designation.
The FRM is a qualification for risk management professionals, particularly those who are involved in analyzing, controlling, or assessing potential credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk as well as non-market related financial risks. FRM holders perform a broad variety of functions related to risk management within investment banks, asset management firms, as well as in corporations and government agencies. Top employers of FRM holders include global financial services firms Deutsche Bank, HSBC, and UBS, as well as auditing firms KPMG, Ernst & Young (EY) and PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). The FRM designation specification is disclosed on the U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) education website where the FRM certificate program is shown on the FINRA guide to designations. The FRM and PRMIA's PRM are often compared as being the two definitive risk management designations in the industry. 
History and growth.
GARP first awarded the FRM designation in 1997.
Candidate enrollment in the FRM program has grown rapidly: between 2001 and 2010, registration increased at a compound annual rate of more than 25%.
Growth has occurred not just in the United States but also in Europe and Asia: today, more than 70% of FRM holders reside outside of the United States. Top territories of residence for FRM holders include the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Singapore, and Hong Kong.
While the financial crisis of 2007–2010 resulted in a dramatic downturn in overall financial services employment, the effect has been opposite in the field of risk management: the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers and the collapse of other large financial institutions underscored the need to accurately price the risk inherent in 21st century financial products and markets. The financial crisis has given a greater role to financial risk professionals, and driven further demand for skilled financial risk managers and the FRM designation.
As of February 2012, GARP has more than 125,000 registrations for the FRM Exam from 129 countries around the world. More than 26,000 individuals have passed the FRM Exam. There are over 21,000 Certified FRMs practicing worldwide. The FRM is a globally recognized benchmark certification program for financial risk managers, and is considered to be the de facto global qualification in the practice of financial risk management.
Requirements.
The basic requirements for becoming certified as a Financial Risk Manager include passing scores on both the Part I and Part II exams, as well as a minimum of two years' full-time work experience in financial risk management related positions including portfolio management, risk consulting, and other fields.
Curriculum.
The FRM curriculum is based on a candidate body of knowledge as defined by the Global Association of Risk Professionals. The FRM Committee, a panel of leading risk practitioners, develops and oversees the FRM program. The FRM curriculum emphasizes the practical applications of risk management theory, and ensures that candidates have firm knowledge of the major areas of financial risk management.
The Financial Risk Manager Handbook, written by risk management expert Philippe Jorion, is the primary text for the FRM curriculum. The handbook covers the core body of knowledge for financial risk managers, covering such topics as:
The FRM syllabus is dynamic and changes every year to reflect recent events in the global financial markets.
To maintain qualification, Certified FRMs are also recommended to enroll in Continuing Professional Education Program. All participants are required to complete 40 credits of continuing education every 24 months after enrolling in the program. Credits are based on a 60 minute hour; one credit per hour.
Exams.
The FRM Exams are intended to thoroughly assess a financial risk manager’s ability to measure and manage risk in a real-world environment.
The FRM exams are administered on a single day twice a year, on the third Saturdays in May and November. 
The FRM exams are administered on paper. All questions are multiple choice; each question has 4 answer choices. There are no penalties for wrong answers.
The questions in the exams are structured in the context of situations that financial risk managers face every day. The information needed to answer each question is contained within the question or vignette.
Only certain models of Texas Instruments (BA II Plus) and Hewlett Packard (10B II, 20B, and HP-12C) calculators may be used.
In addition to the official curriculum materials from GARP, study materials for the FRM exams are available from a number of third party providers. GARP recommends 150–200 hours of study for each part of the exam.
Transition to a 2-part exam.
In November 2009, the FRM exam was offered for the last time in a one level ("full") examination format.
Beginning with the May 2010 exam window, the FRM Exam transitioned from a one-part to a two-part exam. The FRM exams now consist of two exams, FRM Part I and FRM Part II.
Each exam consists of a single four-hour session. Candidates may choose to sit for both parts on the same day, however if a candidate fails Part I their Part II exam will not be graded.
FRM Part I Exam.
The Part I exam is administered on FRM exam days in a single four-hour session from 8:00am to 12:00pm.
The Part I exam covers core areas of risk management, such as quantitative analysis, financial markets and products, and essential risk modeling.
The exam consists of 100 multiple-choice questions, and tests a candidate’s knowledge base in four main topic areas, weighted as follows:
FRM Part II Exam.
The Part II exam is administered on FRM exam days in a single four-hour session from 2:00pm to 6:00pm.
The Part II exam covers specific topics on the practical implementation and execution of measurement and management of market, credit and operational risk, as well as a section covering current issues in financial markets. 
The exam consists of 80 multiple-choice questions, and tests a candidate’s knowledge base in five main topic areas:
Historical pass rates.
The FRM exams are considered to be among the most challenging in finance: fewer than 25% of candidates are able to clear both Part I and Part II exams on first attempts.

</doc>
<doc id="19534889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534889" title="Gerger (disambiguation)">
Gerger (disambiguation)

Gerger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19534926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534926" title="Qarxun, Yevlakh">
Qarxun, Yevlakh

Qarxun, Yevlakh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19534929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534929" title="Matt Clackson">
Matt Clackson

Matthew Clackson (born April 26, 1985) is a Canadian-born American professional ice hockey right winger currently in the Phoenix Coyotes organization. His father, Kim Clackson, played in the NHL for the Pittsburgh Penguins and Quebec Nordiques.
Playing career.
Clackson attended Peters Township High School in McMurray, Pennsylvania, and played for the school's varsity ice hockey team, winning two Pennsylvania State AA Ice Hockey Championships. He was a teammate of NHLer Christian Hanson at Peters Township. After high school, he played two seasons of Junior A with the Chicago Steel of the United States Hockey League (USHL) and was selected 215th overall in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft by the Philadelphia Flyers.
Following his draft, he spent three seasons with Western Michigan University of the NCAA circuit. After his junior season, he decided to forego his senior year by signing with the Flyers on March 19, 2008. That same day, he was assigned to the Philadelphia Phantoms of the American Hockey League (AHL); he played two games with the AHL team to close out the 2008–09 season. Clackson then played three full seasons with the Philadelphia/Adirondack Phantoms, re-signing with the Flyers following the 2009–10 season.
On June 7, 2011, Clackson was packaged into a trade that sent him, a 2012 third round draft pick and future considerations, to the Phoenix Coyotes, in exchange for goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov. Failing to come to terms with the Coyotes on a new contract, he became an unrestricted free agent on July 1. Several months later, he was invited to the Vancouver Canucks on a tryout basis during the team's training camp.
On July 14 2012, Clackson signed a one-year deal with the Washington Capitals. He will earn $525,000 at the NHL level and $75,000 at the AHL level.
On April 2 2013, he was traded from Washington to the Phoenix Coyotes in return of Joel Rechlicz.
NHL video explanation.
During the 2011-12 pre-season, Clackson was illegally hit from behind by Calgary Flames forward Pierre-Luc Letourneau-Leblond. In handing down a five-game suspension against Letourneau-Leblond, Brendan Shanahan, the new head of NHL discipline, posted on the NHL website video of the hit on Clackson to illustrate his ruling - the first of what would become Shanahan's trademark video explanations.

</doc>
<doc id="19534961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534961" title="Lassen Street Olive Trees (Chatsworth, California)">
Lassen Street Olive Trees (Chatsworth, California)

The Lassen Street Olive Trees, also known as 76 Mature Olive Trees, are a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument located in the Chatsworth community of the northwestern San Fernando Valley, in Los Angeles, Southern California.
History.
An avenue ("alleé") of Olive trees ("Olea europaea") were planted in 1890 along a then dirt road by N. A. Grey, who owned property there. They are believed to have been grown from cuttings taken from the Spanish Colonial c. 1800 planted olive orchard trees at the Mission San Fernando Rey de España across the Valley. 
When the site was designated a Historic-Cultural Monument in 1967, there were 76 olive trees along several blocks of western of Lassen Street. According to the Chatsworth Daughters of the American Revolution chapter, there are 49 trees surviving/remaining in the 2010s. 

</doc>
<doc id="19534962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534962" title="Eraserheads Anthology">
Eraserheads Anthology

Eraserheads Anthology is a compilation album of the defunct Filipino pop-rock band Eraserheads. It was released by Sony BMG Music Entertainment Philippines in 2004 featuring the greatest hits of the band. It was the bands's first greatest hits compilation album after their disbanding in 2002. The album was released as a two disc set.

</doc>
<doc id="19534972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534972" title="Kasum-Ismailov">
Kasum-Ismailov

Kasum-Ismailov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19534980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534980" title="Dome of al-Khalili">
Dome of al-Khalili

The Dome of al-Khalili ( "Qubbat al-Khalili") or the Hebronite is a small domed-building located in the central platform of the Temple Mount ("Haram ash-Sharif"), north of the Dome of the Rock in the Old City of Jerusalem. The building is made of bricks which are currently tarnished. The Dome of al-Khalili was built in the early 18th century during Ottoman rule of Palestine in dedication to a "shaykh" named Muhammad al-Khalili.

</doc>
<doc id="19534999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19534999" title="Jalan Kuching-Bau">
Jalan Kuching-Bau

Jalan Kuching-Bau, Federal Route and is a federal road in Kuching Division, Sarawak, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="19535010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535010" title="Frank Buchanan (Illinois politician)">
Frank Buchanan (Illinois politician)

Frank Buchanan (June 14, 1862 – April 18, 1930) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois. He served in Congress for three terms from March 4, 1911 to March 3, 1917
Biography.
Buchanan was born in Jefferson County, Indiana near the town of Madison on June 14, 1862. He was a farmer and later a bridge builder. In 1901 he became president of the International Structural Iron Worker's Union. He ran unsuccessfully for Congress in 1906 and 1908. In 1910 he was finally elected, and served three terms, before losing a reelection bid in 1916.
After losing he returned to his career as an iron worker. Buchanan died in Chicago, Illinois on April 18, 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="19535017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535017" title="Aumism">
Aumism

Aumism is a minor religious sect founded in 1969 by Gilbert Bourdin (1924-1998). Centered on the "holy city" of Mandarom, near Castellane in the French Alps, it has approximately 400 members, down from 1200 at its peak. It is a synthesis of a number of religions, notably buddhism. Its name derives from the mystical "aum" sound used in Hindu meditation.
Bourdin.
Gilbert Bourdin (1924-1998), also known as Hamsah Manarah self-proclaimed "Cosmoplanetary Messiah of Synthesis" founded the movement in 1969 after immersing himself in many oriental religions.
Mandarom.
The holy city of Mandarom Shambhasalem was founded in 1969, about 50 kilometres northwest of Cannes. Bourdin progressively built a number of temples and statues. Amongst these is a 22 metre statue of Buddha Maitreya, constructed in 1981, and a 21 metre statue of "Cosmic Christ" wielding a sword and shield, constructed in 1987. In 1990, a 33 metre statue of Bourdin was constructed at Mandarom. The legitimacy of the building permit was later challenged, and eventually, in June 2000, the statue was deemed illegal after a long legal dispute. As a result, it was demolished by the authorities on 6 September 2001. The sect denounced the demolition of Bourdin's statue, saying that it was comparable to the destruction of the Buddhas of Bamyan by the Taliban in Afghanistan earlier in the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19535184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535184" title="Catete, Icolo e Bengo">
Catete, Icolo e Bengo

Catete is one of the four communes in the municipality of Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola (the others being: Bom Jesus, Cabiri and Cassoneca).
Transport.
It is served by a railway station on the Luanda Railways.
Catete is the major graveyard for old steam locomotives on the northern line.
The station is here.

</doc>
<doc id="19535244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535244" title="Wheelchair rugby at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair rugby at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair rugby at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of a mixed team event. Wheelchair rugby was being contested as a demonstration sport, and not an official part of the Paralympic program, but medals were awarded and stayed on medal table. Six teams took part in the sport; Sweden and Australia were eliminated after the preliminary round.
Classification.
Wheelchair rugby players were given a classification based on their upper body function. A committee gave each athlete a 7-level score ranging from 0.5 to 3.5, with lower scores corresponding to more severe disability. During the game, the total score of all players on the court for a team cannot exceed 8 points. However, for each female player on court, their team gets an extra 0.5 points over the 8 point limit.
Teams.
Six teams took part in this sport. Each team could have up to 12 athletes, but no more than 11 of the team members could be male. Listed below are the six teams qualified for the Atlanta Paralympics.
Tournament.
Competition format.
The six teams participated in a single round robin tournament. The top four teams went on to compete for 1st through 4th place, while the last two teams are eliminated.
Preliminary Round.
Source: Paralympic.org 
Medal round.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="19535256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535256" title="Srednja Dobrava">
Srednja Dobrava

Srednja Dobrava () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the village is dedicated to the Exaltation of the Cross and belongs to the Archdiocese of Ljubljana.

</doc>
<doc id="19535283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535283" title="Lombe">
Lombe

Lombe is a town in Angola in Malanje Province.
Namesakes.
There are other towns with this name in Cuanza Sul Province and Zaire Province.
Transport.
Lombe is served by a station on the Luanda Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="19535288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535288" title="Thelma Dewitty">
Thelma Dewitty

Thelma Dewitty (1912–1977) was the first African American to teach in the Seattle Public Schools, Seattle, Washington, U.S.A.. She was also active in the NAACP, serving as Seattle branch president in the late 1950s.
Career.
Dewitty was born in Beaumont, Texas. She began her career as a schoolteacher in Corpus Christi, Texas in 1933. She received her bachelors degree in from Wiley College in Marshall, Texas, in 1941 and transferred to teach in her native Beaumont in 1942.
In the summer of 1947, she was attending graduate school at the University of Washington and writing a mathematics book for children. Her husband was working in Seattle at the time, and she was hoping to be able to stay on as a teacher. The Seattle Urban League, NAACP, the Civic Unity Committee, and Christian Friends for Racial Equality all encouraged the school system to break the color barrier by hiring her. Nonetheless, some of Seattle's long-established African American families were unhappy to see this groundbreaking role go to an outsider.
Her first teaching job in Seattle was at the Frank B. Cooper School. Principal Lester Roblee told the teachers that anyone uncomfortable with teaching on a faculty with a black teacher could transfer to another school. No one took up the offer. One mother objected to having her child in Dewitty's class and asked that the child be removed; Roblee rejected the request.
Dewitty's hiring broke ground not only because of her race, but because she was a married woman. During World War II, the Seattle School Board had relaxed a prior rule against married women teachers. The rule was finally eliminated in 1947, the year Dewitty was hired. Shortly after Dewitty was hired, a second African American woman, Marita Johnson, was hired to teach Household Service at Broadway-Edison Technical School, (the precursor to Seattle Central Community College).
From 1947 until her retirement in 1973, Dewitty taught at a number of Seattle schools. After the Cooper School, she taught at the John Hay (1953–55), Laurelhurst (1955–56), and Sandpoint (1956–58) elementaries and finally at Meany Junior High School (1958–1973). At Laurelhurst, she was responsible for successfully challenging several rigid school traditions, including assigned seats in the teachers' room, and a very strict system for distributing school supplies.
Besides serving as a teacher and working with the NAACP, Dewitty served on the Washington State Board Against Discrimination (WSBAD) and on the Board of Theater Supervisors for Seattle and King County.
Dewitty and the Cooper School.
Dewitty is most strongly associated with the Frank B. Cooper School. When the old Cooper school was given city landmark status, the fact that it was where Dewitty first taught in Seattle was one of the major reasons cited to give it that status. Similarly, the discussion of the school on the National Park Service page about the school as a site on the National Register of Historic Places is largely about Dewitty.
The old school building is now the Youngstown Cultural Arts Center and houses the Thelma Dewitty Theater.

</doc>
<doc id="19535302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535302" title="Denny Mountain">
Denny Mountain

Denny Mountain is summit near Snoqualmie Pass in Washington state. The Alpental ski area is located on the mountain's eastern flank.
The mountain is named after Arthur A. Denny of the Denny Party, who oversaw the construction of the Snoqualmie Pass Road, which later became I-90, and which runs along the mountain's southern base.

</doc>
<doc id="19535310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535310" title="Srednja Vas, Radovljica">
Srednja Vas, Radovljica

Srednja Vas (; ) is a small settlement above Begunje in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19535320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535320" title="Austrian legislative election issue questionnaires, 2008">
Austrian legislative election issue questionnaires, 2008

Three different organisations sent questionnaires to the parties competing in the 2008 legislative elections in Austria, seeking answers to various policy questions; the questions and answers are set out in this article.
Wahlkabine.
The internet platform wahlkabine.at ("Wahlkabine" means "voting booth"), which has offered a decision support for state elections, national elections and European Parliament elections in Austria since 2002, sent a questionnaire consisting of twenty-six questions on political positions to the SPÖ, the ÖVP, the Greens, the FPÖ, the BZÖ, the LIF, the FRITZ and the KPÖ; all parties except for the FRITZ replied with their answers (shown in the following table).
Politikkabine.
The internet platform politikkabine.at ("Politikkabine" means "politics booth") offered a similar questionnaire of twenty-six questions, to which nine of the lists contesting the election nationwide (all parties except Save Austria) replied.
Wiener Zeitung.
The "Wiener Zeitung" had a similar service called "Wahlmaschine" ("election machine"); all parties replied with their answers to the thirty questions.

</doc>
<doc id="19535333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535333" title="George Manning">
George Manning

George Manning may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19535379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535379" title="Austrian legislative election campaign posters, 2008">
Austrian legislative election campaign posters, 2008

The political parties used numerous campaign posters in the 2008 Austrian legislative election.
Social Democratic Party of Austria.
The SPÖ announced on 30 July 2008 that it would put up the first election posters on 3 August 2008; they featured a picture of Faymann, his name and the words "Enough bickering." ("Genug gestritten."), thus criticising the grand coalition's lack of agreement on fundamental issues, which the SPÖ attributes to the ÖVP's refusal to accept that the ÖVP lost the 2006 election. The poster was attacked by ÖVP, who claimed that the SPÖ was responsible for the disputes in the coalition, and the smaller parties, who feared a costly election campaign due to the early start of the campaign. A second poster was presented at the federal party conference on 8 August 2008, which also prominently featured Faymann, but had no thematic content. A third poster was presented on 29 August 2008, when the SPÖ officially started its election campaign in the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna; it emphasised Faymann's personal qualities.
The text of the SPÖ election posters was:
On 22 August 2008, the day of the TV debate between Strache and Haider, the SPÖ put up online advertisements pointing to the time of the TV debate and calling it "two good reasons to vote for Faymann: today, 21:15 ORF2". Furthermore, the SPÖ's youth wing, the Socialist Youth of Austria ("Sozialistische Jugend Österreich"), on 27 August 2008 presented an election campaign (gegenrechts.at, "gegen Rechts" meaning "against the right") calling for an end to the majority of the right in parliament and for preventing an ÖVP–FPÖ–BZÖ coalition.
Austrian People's Party.
The ÖVP presented its first wave of election posters on 5 August 2008. Unlike the SPÖ's posters, they didn't feature Molterer; what the three subjects have in common are the words Molterer used to break up the grand coalition, "That's enough!" ("Es reicht!") and the words "A new start instead of stalemate" ("Neustart statt Stillstand"). The different posters call for doubling home care subsidies, stricter immigration controls and doubling family subsidies in September to help families with children in education. The SPÖ refused to comment on these posters, the Greens were horrified that it was neither the FPÖ nor the BZÖ but the ÖVP which first brought an anti-immigrant tone into the election campaign and both FPÖ and BZÖ considered it proof that the ÖVP did not consider Molterer to be charismatic enough to win the election. A second wave of election posters with new thematic priorities was officially presented on 26 August 2008; one of the posters (previewed in "Österreich" on 24 August 2008) called for harsher punishments for child abusers and showed two judges about to hand down a judgment, in a change from the nonpictorial earlier election posters. SPÖ justice minister Maria Berger strongly criticised the ÖVP for trying to influence decisions in the court room through the election campaign, and the judges' association ("Richtervereinigung") also strongly criticised the election poster's intent. The ÖVP officially started its election campaign on 5 September 2008 in the Helmut-List-Halle in Graz. The third and last wave of two election posters prominently featuring Molterer and the slogan "The better choice." ("Die bessere Wahl.") was presented on 10 September 2008; furthermore, the ÖVP in September 2008 employed TV and radio spots criticising the SPÖ for the cost of its campaign promises and for not keeping them after the 2006 election.
The text of the ÖVP election posters was:
The Viennese ÖVP put up election posters on 6 August 2008 which consisted only of white text before a red background criticising Faymann for "just smiling, as always" while the SPÖ Vienna "prevented free of charge kindergartens" and "cashed up without hesitation: in housing costs, parking fees, waste disposal fees ...". The Young People's Party ("Junge Volkspartei") presented a website attacking Faymann (roterstillstand.at, "roter Stillstand" meaning "red stalemate") on 28 August 2008.
The Greens – The Green Alternative.
The Greens' first slogan was "Not on my watch" ("Nicht mit mir"). The first wave of posters was presented on 13 August 2008; they prominently feature Van der Bellen (four different close-ups) and slogans which criticise the other parties (the SPÖ for not trying hard enough to fulfill its election promises, the ÖVP for blocking decisions in government, both parties for their bickering, and the FPÖ and the BZÖ for agitating against immigrants), as well as a circular logo containing "vdb 08" (for Van der Bellen). In addition, a second wave of posters was put up starting with 3 September 2008; the second wave featured positive slogans highlighting four demands of the Greens regarding taxes, human rights, measures against the rising prices and equal opportunities. Half the posters featured the Greens' deputy leader Eva Glawischnig instead of Van der Bellen; the common slogan was "when, if not now!" ("wann, wenn nicht jetzt!"). The Greens officially started their election campaign on 10 September 2008 in the Architekturzentrum Wien in Vienna. The Greens also held a contest for proposed election posters from the internet community; the four winning designs (as there were two equal third places) were put up as actual election posters on triangle stands from 8 September 2008 onwards.
The text of the Green election posters was:
Freedom Party of Austria.
The FPÖ presented its first wave of election posters on 7 August 2008; they consisted of one big election poster and four to be put on triangle stands ("Dreiecksständer"); two of them (including the big one) prominently featured FPÖ leader Strache, and all of them depicted an eagle (from the coat of arms of Austria) giving a thumbs up. The main slogan was "They are against HIM. Because HE is for YOU." ("Sie sind gegen IHN. Weil ER für EUCH ist.") (which had been Haider's election slogan in the 1994 election campaign), and the slogan on the three other posters was "WE for YOU – Therefore ⊗ FPÖ HC Strache" ("WIR für EUCH – Deshalb ⊗ FPÖ HC Strache"). The other slogans were rhymed and endeavoured to be witty, similar to the 2006 election campaign; one of them featured a prominent spelling mistake (""heisst"" instead of ""heißt""), which was corrected later in the day. The FPÖ officially started its election campaign on 29 August 2008 on the Hauptplatz in Linz; a second wave of posters was put up in early September, which consisted of one poster featuring Strache before an Austrian flag and two smaller triangle stand posters.
The text of the FPÖ election posters was:
Alliance for the Future of Austria.
The BZÖ presented its election posters on 27 August 2008; the three posters prominently featured party leader Haider in different postures which are meant to emphasise his image as a man of the people, the claim that he was "the original" and a stylised Austrian flag at the bottom of the posters. The posters will be put up on 1 September 2008. The BZÖ officially started its election campaign on 30 August 2008 in the Stadthalle Graz.
The text of the BZÖ election posters was:
Liberal Forum.
The LIF presented its first election poster on 22 August 2008, which featured Schmidt and called for a three-party coalition as the next government; the LIF stated it would prefer an SPÖ–Greens–LIF or ÖVP–Greens–LIF coalition and that it would not work together with the FPÖ and the BZÖ. Further waves of election posters are planned. The LIF officially started its election campaign on 4 September 2008 in the Palmenhaus in the Viennese Burggarten. On 11 September 2008, the LIF presented a second wave of four election posters only to be put up on triangle stands; they shared a common design and image (a portrait of Heide Schmidt) and the text "for fairness" and differed only in what the LIF stated it was against (populism, scare tactics, exclusion, stalemate and taking people for fools).
The text of the LIF election poster was:
Citizens' Forum Austria.
The FRITZ started its election campaign on 5 September 2008 on the Freiheitsplatz in Graz. On 15 September 2008, it presented an election poster (featuring Dinkhauser) which was put up in Vienna only.
Other parties.
The KPÖ started its election campaign on 5 September 2008. Its posters had two different subjects, both of which were only presented on triangle stands:
Save Austria's slogan was "We citizens now vote for ourselves!" ("Wir Bürger wählen uns jetzt selber!"). They had an election budget of €100,000.
The Christians started their election campaign on 5 September 2008. They stated they could not afford election posters and widespread advertisements and that they would employ less costly ways of advertising for the election. Their slogan was "Strong families. Strong country." ("Starke Familien. Starkes Land."). They refused to announce their election budgets and stated they considered employing newspaper advertisements and election posters in the final phase of the campaign.
The Christians had a triangle stand poster (which was only used online and not put up on actual triangle stands, however):

</doc>
<doc id="19535391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535391" title="Life of Alexander Nevsky (illuminated manuscript)">
Life of Alexander Nevsky (illuminated manuscript)

"Life of Alexander Nevsky" (; Zhitiye Aleksandra Nevskogo) is a Russian illuminated manuscript of the late 16th century (1560-1570). It is currently housed in the Saltykov-Shchedrin Public Library in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
The work includes 83 illuminations and text that describe the life and achievements of Alexander Nevsky, a Russian ruler and a military leader, who defended the northern borders of Rus against the Swedish invasion, defeated the Teutonic knights at the Lake Chud in 1242 and paid a few visits to Batu Khan to protect the Vladimir-Suzdal Principality from the Khazar raids.

</doc>
<doc id="19535409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535409" title="NikeID">
NikeID

NIKEiD is a service provided by Nike allowing customers to personalize and design their own Nike merchandise. They offer online services as well as physical NIKEiD studios in different countries around the world, including: United Kingdom, Italy, France, Spain, Germany, China and the USA.
Description.
NIKEiD is a service provided by the Nike allowing customers to customize clothing purchased from Nike. The customer becomes the designer as they change and add a personal look and feel to a selected item. The service can be accessed both online from their homepage and in physical branches (called NIKEiD "Studio"s) which are situated in parts of France, England, Main Land Europe, China and the USA. In total, NIKEiD has 102 studios where customer can access the customization design service.
The service was launched initially in 1999 and could only be accessed through their website. It provided customers the ability to choose from a limited range of different material and colors to develop their own style of tennis shoe. This initial launch allowed customers to customize Nike's Air Force One shoe. It gave a total of 31 different customizable parts including the base, overlay, accent, lining, stitching, outsole, laces and deubré. In total this shoe gave a choice of 82 different materials and option types. It has since expanded from a small web-based service to a large array of stores and new software applications to give consumers a greater range of personalization and uniqueness in a variety of Nike shoes and clothing.
Originally founded and bought by Nike from RJ iD
Products.
NIKEiD mainly focus on footwear providing a selection of shoes which can then be personalized by the customer. The customer can choose which area of the shoe to personalize, changing the color and fabric to what they desire. This customization allows for a large amount of different designs to be created. And, if the customer does not want to have to design the shoes themselves, they can choose from a range of pre-made designs or buy designs other customers have made.
As NIKEiD has developed they have changed from just personalized footwear to other items of sportswear. This is currently only available on their website, with the NIKEiD studios focused on footwear.
Shoes.
The shoes NIKEiD offers customization over are listed in a range of sub-categories these include: Football, Baseball, Running, Rugby, Basketball, Athletic Training, Skateboarding, and Nike Sportswear. NIKEiD is constantly updating the collection of shoes that they offer for customization. Nike's best franchises are also represented including Air Max, Air Force 1, Nike Free, Nike LunarGlide and Nike Dunk. NIKEiD has also recently begun offering the signature styles from such athletes as Kobe Bryant, LeBron James and Kevin Durant.
Service.
Online.
The starting point of the company was the "online" store which has changed frequently over the years from its initial 1999 launch. In 2005 R/GA was given the task to redesign the website to give it "a premium, e-commerce experience". The original HTML site was replaced entirely by a new Flash based website claimed to give it a more user-friendly experience and stylish look. The ability to save designs using the myLocker account, on the NIKEiD website, has sparked many bloggers and designers to show off their designs.
In Store.
The NIKEiD studios are intended to give the customer an even greater personal experience. The studios have professionally trained designers within for customers to work with. Inside the studios there is a greater range of colours, materials and shoes to pick from. 
iPhone App.
On 14 October 2009 the NIKEiD App for iPhone and iPod Touch was released on the iTunes App Store. The App is free to download and allows users to search products created by the NIKEiD community and purchase items from the online store. The iD Studio Finder allows the user to find out exactly where the NIKEiD Studios are located, and how to book an appointment with a design consultant. Users could also save their designs to their myLocker accounts. The app has sense been discontinued and replaced with a Mobile Builder engineered to allow for full customization from any modern mobile device running either the iOS or Android operating system.
Nike PHOTOiD.
By taking a picture with their mobile a consumer can send an image to Nike where newly designed software will then analyze the picture for its two main colors and then go about designing a shoe based on it. The consumer will then receive reply with an image of their desired shoe. From this stage they can either save the image, send it to someone else or even purchase the new design.
NIKEiD Events.
Campaigns.
NIKEiD launch a billboard campaign coinciding with the re-launch of the NIKEiD website. The Reuters sign in Times Square and offered passersby the option to use their phones to customize a pair of shoes. Once the user has then customized the pair of shoes they receive a text with a wallpaper of the shoe and then given the option to purchase their customized shoe.
Celebrity Designs.
NIKEiD has invited celebrities such as Amani Toomer and DJ Clark Kent to go into the NIKEiD bespoke workshop, situated in 21 Mercer Street, New York and design their own shoe.
Nike Air Troupe Design Battle.
When Nike launched a brand new shoe specifically designed for hip hop dancers. This campaign was designed to promote both NIKEiD and the new shoe. It allowed users to customize their own Nike Air Troupe shoe and then to submit their design into a competition against other designers. Designs would go through rounds of voting until the best designs were chosen, and winners could win various prizes. The competition ended on April 16, 2009.
Similar Services.
Other clothing brands offer bespoke clothing for customers also. Vans for example offer a similar customized shoe experience for customers. It does not however allow customers to customize other products, only shoes. Adidas offer a bespoke service called mi adidas allowing customized shoe features for customers. Reebok too offer a service called Your Reebok. Converse, a Nike company, offers the Converse Create service, which runs on an adapted version of the NIKEiD software.

</doc>
<doc id="19535413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535413" title="Encino Oak Tree">
Encino Oak Tree

The Encino Oak Tree, also known as the Lang Oak, was a 1,000-year-old California live oak tree, "Quercus agrifolia", in the Encino section of Los Angeles, California. It was designated as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #24) in 1963. 
History of the oak.
The "Los Angeles Times" once wrote of the Encino oak: "When the famed Lang oak tree of Encino was but a sapling, the Mayan Empire was crumbling and Vikings were sacking English sea towns." It was already 100 years old when Pope Urban II launched the first Crusade. And when the first Europeans passed through Encino in 1769 as part of the Portola Expedition, the tree was already more than 700 years old. 
Encino landmark.
As Encino was developed into a residential community in the mid-20th century, the Encino oak became recognized as a landmark, known for its size and longevity. It was recognized as "the oldest known tree in the city of Los Angeles." A California live oak tree is considered to be old at 300 years, and arborists considered the Encino tree's longevity to be extraordinary. One arborist noted, "It's just like standing next to a dinosaur."
The majestic California live oaks were such an impressive presence in the pre-urban Encino that the community was named after the Spanish word for "oak." The Encino oak was the most magnificent of the community's oaks, so large that Louise Avenue was split to accommodate its enormous 150-foot canopy, 8-foot diameter, and 24-foot circumference. It has been said that the Encino oak "creates a woodsy atmosphere more resembling a whole forest than just a single tree."
In 1958, the oak was threatened when a developer planned to bulldoze the tree to build a road. Local residents formed a group called Encino Save the Oaks and the developer eventually donated the tree to the city. It was declared a Historic-Cultural Monument in 1963. In the years following its designation as a monument, the tree was a tourist attraction.
Threatened by slime flux and other ailments.
By the 1990s, the tree was in a weakened condition. Some attributed its condition to the Encino Reservoir, built in 1921, for cutting off the natural water flow to the tree. Others blamed it on air pollution from traffic on nearby Ventura Boulevard. It also suffered from oak-root fungus. In 1991, it was diagnosed with slime flux, a tree ailment caused by bacteria that generate fermentation inside the tree and send toxic sap oozing through the bark. Arborists reported that the tree desperately needed special care to save it. Arborists and city officials argued over the proper treatment for the ailing tree, with one arborist suggesting the city chisel small holes in the bark to release the toxic sap that was slowly killing the oak. Others suggested the drilling would put too much stress on the tree, which should be allowed to heal itself.
Efforts to save the ailing oak became a publicized cause. In 1996, the "Times" reported on the oak: "His skin is mottled, some of his limbs are held together with pins, and his great, shaggy head hangs from its own weight. Old Lang is in trouble." In 1997, the Encino oak was honored at an Arbor Day ceremony attended by Wirt Morton, the great-great-grandson of National Arbor Day founder J. Sterling Morton, who on seeing the giant oak said: "I've never seen anything as phenomenal as that."
Death in El Niño rains.
On February 7, 1998, an El Niño storm "delivered the death blow, felling the ailing tree with storm winds." As news of the tree’s demise spread, onlookers gathered, some crying and taking branches as mementos. After decades of being threatened by development and pollution, one resident noted the irony that "now it goes because of nature." As souvenir-hunters sought to take pieces of the tree, police officers guarded it until its remains could be removed. One officer noted: "It got out of control. It's sad that we had to take two policemen off the street to watch a tree." 
In the weeks following the tree's death, city officials debated what should be done with the tree's remains, leading the "Times" to ask: "How many bureaucrats, City Council aides, homeowners, urban planners and arborists does it take to decree the fate of a fallen king, the mighty oak of Ventura Boulevard?" Ultimately, the city opted to plant five new trees where the Encino oak had grown—three California sycamores and two coast live oaks. The city also unveiled an eight-foot by six-foot oval slice of the tree in an April 1999 ribbon-cutting ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="19535435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535435" title="Mapumai Swamp">
Mapumai Swamp

Mapumai Swamp is the largest wetlands area in the Cook Islands. It is located in the north of Atiu Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19535436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535436" title="Studenčice, Radovljica">
Studenčice, Radovljica

Studenčice () is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The village church is dedicated to Saint Florian.

</doc>
<doc id="19535459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535459" title="Michigamme River">
Michigamme River

The Michigamme River is a tributary of the Menominee River on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. Via the Menominee River, its water flows to Lake Michigan.
The Michigamme River flows from Lake Michigamme in Marquette County, through Dickinson County, Michigamme Reservoir, Peavy Pond and Michigamme Lake in Iron County to its confluence with the Brule River, forming the Menominee River. The confluence can be viewed from the dam on Michigamme Lake. In addition, there is a spillway from the Paint River which flows into Peavy Pond.

</doc>
<doc id="19535472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535472" title="Dying of the Light (Heroes)">
Dying of the Light (Heroes)

"Dying of the Light" is the sixth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and fortieth episode overall. The episode aired on October 20, 2008.
Plot.
The episode begins with an explanation of how Hiro 'killed' Ando, using fake blood and a prop sword. Having been convinced, Knox leaves and Daphne is angry, since she believed Hiro was a good guy. He asks to meet with his new employer, but she informs him that he's to go to Africa to capture Usutu and bring him to Pinehearst. After she leaves, Hiro takes Ando with him as he teleports to Africa.
Claire realizes Meredith hasn't come back from her search for her daughter and decides to go look for her. When Claire tells Sandra this, she partners herself with Claire, reinforcing the Company's "one of us, one of them" policy.
Knox escorts Adam through Pinehearst to Arthur Petrelli's room. Adam is terrified so Knox, with his increased strength, forces Adam's hand into Arthur's; Adam, screaming, rapidly begins to age and decay, turning into a pile of dust in seconds. Arthur sits up and removes the tube from his throat, having obtained Adam's cellular regenerative ability.
At the airport, Daphne has doubts over finding Parkman. Linderman appears and reminds her of the 'protection' given by Pinehearst. Matt appears, talking to his caged tortoise, amazed that Daphne is there; at the same time, Daphne is amazed that Matt already knows her without having even met her. He explains that he had a prophetic vision of his future in Africa, where they are married and have a child. Daphne gives him a card for Pinehearst and speeds off. As she does so, he says they named their future baby Daniella, after Daphne's grandmother. Daphne returns, admits that Daniella is her grandmother's name, and asks Matt to stay at the airport so she can find him later and they can talk further.
Nathan and Tracy arrive at Mohinder's apartment, explaining that Tracy is Niki's sister and that her and Nathan's powers are synthetic. Mohinder gives Tracy and Nathan injections, which he claims are DNA markers. However, Tracy collapses unconscious and a horrified Nathan lunges at Mohinder, falling into the next room and seeing cocooned figures before falling into a coma as well.
Daphne penetrates Level 5 and meets with Sylar, who rejects her offer. She points out that the Company is trying to change Sylar into something he isn't. She then leaves with Flint. Sylar goes to Peter's cell and releases him, insisting he won't hurt Peter and that he's trying to change. Peter confirms that he saw Sylar control his power in the future, giving Sylar hope that he can accomplish it some day.
Eric Doyle is at his marionette theater controlling Meredith, promising that she'll learn to love him and threatening her with a broken wine glass. Sandra attempts to distract Doyle while Claire breaks in to rescue Meredith, but the plan goes awry and they are all captured. Doyle decides to make the three women play a twisted version of Russian Roulette until Claire persuades Sandra to shoot her. Claire quickly regenerates and knocks Doyle unconscious. Noah arrives and agrees that Claire no longer needs protection, and he asks Meredith to partner with him. 
Ando and Hiro appear at Usutu's hut in Africa, where Hiro is knocked out with a shovel when trying to catch Usutu using his powers. Ando suggests he travels back to one minute before he got hit, but Usutu sees this and hits him again. Eventually they sneak up on Usutu without using powers, by hiding behind the hut. He congratulates Hiro, saying that he's learned how to use his head instead of relying on his powers. Usutu informs Hiro that he is now ready and directs him to a painting showing Arthur and his assembled villains that they need to face: Arthur Petrelli, Sylar, Flint and Knox, along with the double helix. 
Daphne arrives at Mohinder's apartment, telling him that her employers want access to his database, and they've already created a way to synthesize special powers. Daphne offers him a Pinehearst business card but discovers Tracy and Nathan strapped to a table. Further disillusioned with the people she's rounding up, she returns to Matt warning that her employers aren't good people. Matt warns that she'll die in the future if she continues to associate with Pinehearst. He promises to protect her but she says he can't and runs away.
Mohinder prepares to experiment on Nathan and Tracy. Tracy tries to reason with him, expressing sympathy and understanding of his situation. She suggests that Daphne's employers can give him the answers she needs, and tells him she understands what it's like to be considered a monster. She offers him her hand and he takes it. Tracy then freezes his hand, sending him reeling back. She freezes the strap and breaks it, then frees Nathan. Mohinder recovers and throws a lab bench at them, and says that it's not over yet.
Peter and Sylar visit Angela, which convinces Peter to visit Pinehearst. Sylar believes he is too weak, and after a fight, Peter confines him to a cell. Knox, Flint, Daphne, and Maury Parkman have just arrived to talk to Arthur. Peter bursts in, turning visible, and prepares to fire a lighting bolt. Arthur says that Peter is his son, and asks for a hug. Peter agrees, and Arthur uses his ability on his son. Peter collapses to the ground and discovers he no longer has his powers. Arthur fills his hand with lightning and informs Peter that he has taken Peter's powers.
Critical Reception.
Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a C-.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 8.5 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19535494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535494" title="Lake Tiriara">
Lake Tiriara

Tiriara is a lake in the south of the island of Mangaia in the Cook Islands. Though the largest freshwater lake in the Cook Islands, poor pollution management and agricultural processes in the area have put the biodiversity of the lake at risk. 
References.
Sources http://www.seacology.org/projects/individualprojects/COOKISLANDS_lake2001.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19535522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535522" title="Striking and Picturesque Delineations of the Grand, Beautiful, Wonderful, and Interesting Scenery Around Loch-Earn">
Striking and Picturesque Delineations of the Grand, Beautiful, Wonderful, and Interesting Scenery Around Loch-Earn

Striking and Picturesque Delineations of the Grand, Beautiful, Wonderful, and Interesting Scenery Around Loch-Earn, also published as A Description of the Beauties of Edinample and Lochearnhead, is a short book by the Scotsman Angus McDiarmid (1770?–1820?) that led the local-history populariser Archie McKerracher to call him "the world's worst author".
Synopsis.
The book begins with a dedication to the Earl of Breadalbane (presumably John Campbell, the fourth Earl, as the book was first published in 1815). Its "grovelling and abject" tone was unusual by that time. Then an anonymous preface recounts how an unnamed "Gentleman", on a grouse-shooting visit to the earl's estate in the Lochearnhead region, met Angus McDiarmid, a ground-officer (or ghillie, a gamekeeper and hunting-guide) of the earl's. Struck by McDiarmid's eloquent descriptions of the scenery and associated legends, the gentleman learned that McDiarmid had written a manuscript, which McDiarmid entrusted to him to be published. The preface assures the reader that visitors to Lochearnhead could confirm McDiarmid's existence and his sole authorship of the book. It then praises the "unparalleled sublimity" of the book's style, which it connects with the rugged Highland landscape and offers as the reason that McDiarmid's sentences "overleap the mounds and impediments of grammar".
The main text is 28 pages about the region near Lochearnhead. There are three sections:
McDiarmid's dedication is in grammatical English, but the main text is not, and is full of obscure and misused words. The paragraph about an earthquake in the Grampian Mountains may give an idea:
Reaction.
Starting with the book's own preface, it has been classified as a "literary curiosity". As the publisher intended, it seems to have succeeded as unintentional humour. One "J. Ss.", answering a question in "Notes and Queries", describes buying a copy of the book from McDiarmid two or three years after its publication and having McDiarmid read it to him and his companions, amusing not only J. Ss. but also McDiarmid's fellow ghillies. A later bookseller called it "a most amusing specimen of Gaelic-English." In an unusually favourable opinion, "R. S. A.", another commentator in "Notes and Queries", refers to McDiarmid's "rough eloquence", and despite "hatever may be thought of M'Diarmid's style as a writer of English," praises his perception of natural beauty and his "generous ardour" in narrating feats of heroism.
Probably the best-known phrase in the book is "incoherent transactions", apparently referring to theft, which occurs three times. Robert Southey used it twice (with credit to McDiarmid) in his "Life of Cowper" to describe William Hayley's eccentricities and used it in at least three letters. Dr. John Brown cited it as well and took it to apply to Rob Roy (possibly identifying as Rob Roy a robber McDiarmid described, "a barbarous man... who was notoriously for savageness of manner").
A more recent mention of the phrase is in Vladimir Nabokov's novel "Pale Fire"; the narrator sees McDiarmid's prose as a precursor to "Finnegans Wake", a comparison Nabokov also made in a draft note.
A folklorist quotes McDiarmid's story of a kelpie and called the book "one of the most astonishing books ever written in 'English'".
To account for McDiarmid's style, "J. Ss." said that McDiarmid's native language was Scottish Gaelic, and in translating his writings into English, he used a dictionary extensively, choosing the most impressive word without regard to its part of speech. McKerracher says that McDiarmid's minister read in church some Gaelic translations from Samuel Johnson, and McDiarmid tried to emulate or surpass Johnson's orotund expression.
The author.
Beyond what has been stated above, little is known about Angus McDiarmid. "R. S. A." says that in 1815 he was introduced to McDiarmid, "a fine athletic young man", enthusiastic but modest. McKerracher suggests a birth year around 1770, which does not agree well with "young" in 1815. "J. Ss." mentions meeting McDiarmid a few years later and describes him as dressing more poorly than the other ghillies, in a black coat and a hat instead of like them "in the highland fashion" (presumably the Scottish kilt and associated clothing).
An antiquarian notes that although most accept the book as authentic, one may doubt whether McDiarmid existed. If he did not, "J. Ss." and "R. S. A." must have joined in the hoax, fifty years later.
Publication history.
"J. Ss." recalled that the man who first had the manuscript published was a Colonel O'Reilly, and that O'Reilly gave the print run to McDiarmid to sell for his own benefit.
In 1888 an uncut first edition sold at auction for £5 10 shillings, equivalent to £439 in 2007 currency by the retail-price index.

</doc>
<doc id="19535531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535531" title="Contini clan">
Contini clan

The Contini clan is a Neapolitan Camorra clan operating in the city of Naples, and more specifically in the area of the Naples Central Station. The clan's traditional powerbase is the Arenaccia district. It also operates in the Poggioreale, Vasto, Mercato and San Carlo all'Arena suburbs of Naples.
History.
The organization was created by Camorra boss, Edoardo Contini, and is based on his entrepreneurial skills as well as the choice of weapons only in extreme cases. The lack of internal divisions and pentiti (collaborators of justice) has made its membership almost invulnerable compared to the other Neapolitan clans. The organization is unique in the fact that no one has ever betrayed Eduardo Contini and none of his underlings have ever attempted to reach the organization's top spot, thereby creating a rift in the organization. 
Before his arrest, Edoardo Contini appeared on the list of thirty most dangerous fugitives in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19535540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535540" title="William Johnson Stone">
William Johnson Stone

William Johnson Stone (June 26, 1841 – March 12, 1923) was an US Representative from Kentucky.
He was born in Kuttawa, Caldwell (now Lyon) County, Kentucky on June 26, 1841. He attended the common schools and Q.M. Tyler’s Collegiate Institute in Cadiz, Trigg County. Stone studied law. During the American Civil War he served as captain in the Confederate Army. After the war he engaged in agricultural pursuits. He was a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1867, 1875, and 1883, serving as speaker in 1875.
He was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-ninth and to the four succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1885-March 3, 1895): chairman, Committee on War Claims (Fiftieth Congress) He engaged in mercantile pursuits in Kuttawa, Lyon County; Confederate pension commissioner of Kentucky in 1912 and served until his death in Frankfort, Kentucky, March 12, 1923; interment in New Bethel Cemetery, Lyon County, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="19535546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535546" title="AK-257">
AK-257

The AK-257 is a 57mm naval gun, originally a land ZIF-31 L/70 57 mm (Type 66/76) cannon. During the early 1950s, development began of naval versions of the 57 mm 70 calibre weapon which had entered service with the Soviet army in 1950 as the S-60. This was to be a supplementary weapon for larger warships and as the main gun armament for minesweepers and auxiliaries. The twin gun version, ZIF-31, appears to have entered service with the Project 264 Minesweepers (T58 class) and the Project 310 (Don class) submarine support ships in 1958. In 1960, two other versions of the mounting appeared; a single gun ZIF-71 for the modernised Skoryy class destroyers and the quad ZIF-75 for the Krupny/Kanin class destroyers. The ZIF designation is an industrial one and it is possible that the naval designations were AK-157 (ZIF-71), AK-257 (ZIF-31) and AK-457 (ZIF-75). In smaller warships these mountings were sometimes associated with MR-103 and in larger ones with the Yakhond (Hawk Screech) radar.The ZIF-31/71/75 mountings may not have been very successful and an improved twin mounting appeared shortly afterwards as the AK-725. The twin 57 mm ZIF-31 has also been manufactured in China as the Type 66 and there is a water-cooled derivative known as the Type 76. The AK-257 is currently employed on the Grisha class Corvette.

</doc>
<doc id="19535555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535555" title="Thomas Hand">
Thomas Hand

Thomas Hand (died 1804) was an English painter, a follower and imitator of George Morland. He died in London in September 1804.
Works.
Hand exhibited a landscape with the Incorporated Society of Artists in 1790. He then from 1792 was an exhibitor at some of the Royal Academy shows. Some of his pictures were close enough to Morland's manner to have been misattributed.

</doc>
<doc id="19535560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535560" title="Terry Moore (Australian footballer)">
Terry Moore (Australian footballer)

Terry Moore (born 6 August 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Moore, originally from Nuriootpa, started his career in 1968 at South Australian National Football League (SANFL) club Central District and represented South Australia at the 1972 Perth Carnival. After standing out of the game in 1975 while he awaited a clearance, Moore joined North Melbourne in 1976 and was centre half forward in their Grand Final losing team that year. He played one further season at North Melbourne before crossing to Hawthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19535585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535585" title="Cacuso">
Cacuso

Cacuso is a town in northern Angola.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the Luanda Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="19535600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535600" title="HMMER">
HMMER

HMMER is a free and commonly used software package for sequence analysis written by Sean Eddy. Its general usage is to identify homologous protein or nucleotide sequences. It does this by comparing a profile-HMM to either a single sequence or a database of sequences. Sequences that score significantly better to the profile-HMM compared to a null model are considered to be homologous to the sequences that were used to construct the profile-HMM. Profile-HMMs are constructed from a multiple sequence alignment in the HMMER package using the "hmmbuild" program. The profile-HMM implementation used in the HMMER software was based on the work of Krogh and colleagues. HMMER is a console utility ported to every major operating system, including different versions of Linux, Windows, and Mac OS.
HMMER is the core utility that protein family databases such as Pfam and InterPro are based upon. Some other bioinformatics tools such as UGENE also use HMMER.
HMMER3 is complete rewrite of the earlier HMMER2 package, with the aim of improving the speed of profile-HMM searches. The main performance gain is due to a heuristic filter that finds high-scoring un-gapped matches within database sequences to a query profile. This heuristic results in a computation time comparable to BLAST with little impact on accuracy. Further gains in performance are due to a log-likelihood model that requires no calibration for estimating E-values, and allows the more accurate forward scores to be used for computing the significance of a homologous sequence.
HMMER3 also makes extensive use of vector instructions for increasing computational speed. This work is based upon earlier publication showing a significant acceleration of the Smith-Waterman algorithm for aligning two sequences.
See also.
Several implementations of proﬁle HMM methods and related position-specific scoring matrix methods are available. Some are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="19535605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535605" title="Zeyt">
Zeyt

Zeyt () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19535613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535613" title="Joan de Bohun, Countess of Hereford">
Joan de Bohun, Countess of Hereford

Joan FitzAlan, Countess of Hereford, Countess of Essex and Countess of Northampton (1347 – 7 April 1419), was the wife of the 7th Earl of Hereford, 6th Earl of Essex and 2nd Earl of Northampton. She was the mother of Mary de Bohun, the first wife of Henry of Bolingbroke who later reigned as King Henry IV, and Eleanor de Bohun, Duchess of Gloucester. She was the maternal grandmother of King Henry V. 
In 1400, she gave the order for the beheading of the Earl of Huntingdon in revenge for the part he had played in the execution of her brother, the 11th Earl of Arundel.
The estates which comprised Joan's large dowry made her one of the principal landowners in Essex, where she exercised lordship, acting as arbitrator and feoffee in property transactions.
Family.
Lady Joan FitzAlan was born in 1347 at Arundel Castle, Sussex, one of seven children, and the eldest daughter of Richard FitzAlan, 10th Earl of Arundel and his second wife Eleanor of Lancaster. Her paternal grandparents were Edmund FitzAlan, 9th Earl of Arundel and Alice de Warenne, and her maternal grandparents were Henry, 3rd Earl of Lancaster and Maud Chaworth.
List of siblings.
Joan had a half-brother from her father's first marriage to Isabel le Despenser:
Joan had two uterine half-siblings from her mother's first marriage to John de Beaumont, 2nd Lord Beaumont (died 14 April 1342):
Marriage and issue.
Sometime after 9 September 1359, Joan married Humphrey de Bohun, one of the most powerful noblemen in the realm. His titles included 7th Earl of Hereford, 6th Earl of Essex, 2nd Earl of Northampton, and he was the hereditary Constable of England.
He was the son of William de Bohun, 1st Earl of Northampton and Elizabeth de Badlesmere. Their marriage united two of the most prominent noble families in the kingdom; an alliance which was further strengthened by her elder brother Richard's marriage to Humphrey's sister, Elizabeth. 
Together Humphrey and Joan produced two daughters, whom upon the death of their father, divided his vast estates between them: 
Widowhood.
Joan was left a widow in January 1373 at the age of about 25 or 26, and she chose not to remarry. Her two daughters were made wards of Edward III. Sometime after her husband's death, she received from King Edward the manor of Langham, which she held until her own death, among the numerous other manors she owned. The numerous estates which comprised Joan's large dowry ensured that she was one of the principal landowners in Essex. This placed her at the hub of a powerful structure of landed country gentry, who acted as her advisers and officers; Joan in turn acted as "arbitrator, feoffee in property transactions, and intercessor with the royal government".
During the Peasants' Revolt in 1381, some of Joan's manors were sacked by the rebels; this did not deter Joan from expanding and industrialising her lands after the uprising had been put down, having done much to encourage the dyeing and fulling of woollen cloth on some of her estates such as Saffron Walden.
In the Public Record Office, London, there is an extant document, written in Latin, which records the payment to Joan by John of Gaunt for the maintenance of her younger daughter Mary after the latter's marriage until she came of age in 1384.
A member of St. Helen's religious guild in Colchester, Joan founded chantries and was also a patron of Walden Abbey, having donated money for relics, vessels, vestments, and the construction of new buildings. She is described in the State Rolls as having been a "great benefactress" to the monasteries of Essex.
Execution of John Holland, 1st Duke of Exeter.
In 1397, Joan's brother Richard Fitzalan, 11th Earl of Arundel and a Lord Appellant was executed on Tower Hill for his opposition to King Richard II of England. The king's half-brother John Holland, 1st Duke of Exeter, Earl of Huntingdon accompanied him to the scaffold, as one of King Richard's representatives. Less than three years later in 1400, when Holland joined a conspiracy to murder the new king Henry IV, and was captured near Joan's principal residence Pleshy Castle in Essex, he was turned over to her for punishment. Described as having possessed a "stern character", she showed him no mercy, and promptly gave orders for his decapitation, after having summoned the children of her dead brother to witness the execution. Following the beheading, which was performed without benefit of a trial, she ordered that Holland's severed head be raised on the end of a pike, which was placed upon the battlements of Pleshy Castle.
Henry IV rewarded Joan for her services on behalf of the Crown, by granting her custody of forfeited lands and properties. When Henry died in 1413, Joan's grandson Henry V followed suit; therefore up until her death in 1419, a large number of forfeited estates had come under her control.
Death.
Lady Joan FitzAlan died on 7 April 1419 and was buried with her husband in Walden Abbey, which she had previously endowed.
In fiction.
Joan appears as a character in Georgette Heyer's last book "My Lord John", which is set in the reign of King Henry IV.

</doc>
<doc id="19535660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535660" title="Mark Dawson (footballer)">
Mark Dawson (footballer)

Mark Dawson (born 22 August 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s. 
Dawson was recruited to North Melbourne from St Dominic's and struggled to make regular appearances in the seniors due to the quality within the side. He had his best year in 1976 when he kicked 26 goals and was a rover in the 1976 VFL Grand Final loss to Hawthorn. Despite playing in the winning 1978 Preliminary Final team he was dropped for the Grand Final and never played VFL football again.
After turning down an offer from South Australian National Football League (SANFL) club Woodville Football Club, Dawson was traded by North Melbourne to fellow SANFL club Port Adelaide in 1979 in return for Russell Ebert. 

</doc>
<doc id="19535672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535672" title="MRBS">
MRBS

MRBS may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19535675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535675" title="Greatest Hits (Craig Morgan album)">
Greatest Hits (Craig Morgan album)

Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album by American country music artist Craig Morgan. It was released on September 30, 2008, by Broken Bow Records. No new material was recorded for the project since Morgan left Broken Bow earlier in the year. "I Love It", "I'm Country", and "I Am" were never released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19535688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535688" title="The Giant Pool of Money">
The Giant Pool of Money

"The Giant Pool of Money" is an episode of the radio show "This American Life" which originally aired on May 9, 2008. The episode described to a general audience the causes and factors which led to the subprime mortgage crisis. Specifically, the show aimed to show the chain of people who were "participants up and down the subprime food chain".
The show featured Adam Davidson, a business correspondent for National Public Radio and Alex Blumberg, a producer for the show, interviewing and reporting on the financial crisis. Blumberg described it as trying to answer the question “why are they lending money to people who can’t afford to pay it back?”
Content of the show.
The episode's name "The Giant Pool of Money" is derived from the description used in the show of fixed-income securities; it was identified in passing with the global saving glut. Davidson described it as follows:
The show begins at a black tie gala, where an award is being presented for CDO of the year. The show does not lay blame on the financiers directly, going so far as to say "Let me just say, they’re aware that there’s a certain irony, giving awards to the instrument that almost destroyed the world’s economy. They did consider canceling this year but it’s been a really tough year, it’s been really gloomy for them." They then proceed to the opposite end of the spectrum, with a borrower whose mortgage is in default.
After some background on what caused a shift in capital to mortgages, which they hypothesize to be Alan Greenspan's keeping fed funds rates low during the early 2000s (decade), the show moves to Mike Francis, a Wall Street financier who worked at Morgan Stanley. From there, the show describes "another Mike", Mike Garner, who worked down the chain, at Silver State Mortgage. He described the pressures and motivations faced by mortgage salesmen. After describing that area of the chain, they moved onto a CDO investment management firm run by Jim Finkel of Dynamic Credit, LLC. Davidson through an interview with Finkel describes the nature and creation of CDOs.
After describing these market players, the show goes on to discuss the nature of the speculative bubble, highlighting real estate TV shows that sprung up during the bubble, such as A&E's "Flip This House". The show then revisits some of the interviewees, describing the bursting of the bubble, both in terms of their business and personal fortunes. Blumberg and Davidson end with a prognosis of the financial system. Blumberg states "there's more talk that the next few years will feel like the 1970s. There are lots of technical differences between this crisis and Jimmy Carter's malaise. But for the average person, it could feel the same."
Reception.
The show was well received by listeners, stimulating ten times more listener feedback than average, all of it positive according to reporter Adam Davidson. In February 2009, Adam Davidson and Alex Blumberg were awarded the Polk Award for the episode. Chicago Public Radio's "This American Life" and National Public Radio, News Division won a Peabody Award for the episode, calling it "impressive for the arresting clarity of its explanation of the financial crisis we're in, and even more so for its having aired so early - May 2008."
Continuing coverage.
The same team of producers have created three follow-up episodes to "The Giant Pool of Money" as "Your Guide to the Meltdown". On October 3, 2008, "This American Life" broadcast "Another Frightening Show About the Economy", examining what regulators could have done to prevent the economic crisis. "Bad Bank" aired February 27, 2009, explaining insolvent banks and toxic assets. Finally, on June 5, 2009, "The Watchmen" aired and examined role of Congress and regulators since the creation of the American financial system in the 1930s.
A fifth episode entitled "Return to the Giant Pool of Money" was aired on September 25, 2009. Davidson and Blumberg have also gone on to work with other NPR reporters on a regular podcast covering economics, global finance, and other business topics using similar storytelling techniques: NPR's "Planet Money".

</doc>
<doc id="19535726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535726" title="Garcha">
Garcha

Garcha is a family surname of Punjabi Jatts who are believed to have originated from the village Majara, Kohara, in Ludhiana district of Punjab. Garchas are descendants of Tanwar rajputs/ Toor Jatts.

</doc>
<doc id="19535803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535803" title="Archery at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Archery at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Archery at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of seven events.

</doc>
<doc id="19535809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535809" title="Minamoto no Ichiman">
Minamoto no Ichiman

When in 1203 Yoriie became seriously ill, the Hōjō clan supported his brother Senman (future third shogun Minamoto no Sanetomo) as a future successor, while the Hiki supported son Ichiman.According to the same Japanese Wikipedia article, the Azuma Kagami claims Ichiman was killed by the Hiki, and not by the Hōjō.</ref> To avoid power falling into the hands of the Hiki, the Hōjō decided to get rid of the Hiki and their protégé.
On a pretext, Hōjō Tokimasa invited Hiki Yoshikazu to his home and assassinated him. A battle between the clans ensued, the Hiki were defeated by a coalition of the Hōjō, Wada, Miura and Hatakeyama clans and exterminated. Six-year-old Ichiman also died during the fight. The Hiki residence was destroyed by fire and in its place in the Hikigayatsu valley now lies the Buddhist temple of Myōhon-ji. In its cemetery still stands Ichiman's grave, next to the Hiki clan's cenotaph.
Ichiman's younger brother Kugyō was forced to became a Buddhist priest and in 1219 at age 20 assassinated his uncle Sanetomo. Kugyō was himself immediately executed for his crime, thus bringing the Seiwa Genji dynasty to a sudden end.

</doc>
<doc id="19535832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535832" title="Inland waterways of India">
Inland waterways of India

India has about 14,500 km of navigable waterways, which consists of the Ganges–Bhagirathi–Hooghly rivers, the Brahmaputra, the Barak river, the rivers in Goa, the backwaters in Kerala, inland waters in Mumbai and the deltaic regions of the Godavari - Krishna rivers. About 44 million tones of cargo is moved annually through these waterways using mechanized vessels and country boats. As per the Report prepared by RITES Ltd. in the year 2009 titled “Total Transport System study on Traffic Flows & Modal Costs”, the share of Inland Water Transport (IWT) in the total domestic transport during 2007-08 was 0.24% compared to 50.12% for the road and 36.06 per cent for the rail sector in terms of tonne km.
National Water Ways.
In 1980, a National Transport Policy Committee, under the chairmanship of the late B D Pande, a former Cabinet secretary, submitted its report.
The Committee recom­mended the following principles for declaration of a national waterway.
The National Transport Policy Committee considered the following waterways as having the potential for declaration as national waterway.
National waterway-1.
Allahabad–Haldia stretch of the Ganges–Bhagirathi–Hooghly river of total length 1620 km was declared as National Waterway-1 (NW-1) in the year 1986.
National Waterway-2.
Sadiya–Dhubri stretch of the Brahmaputra river of total length 891 km was declared as National Waterway-2 (NW-2) in the year 1988.
National Waterway-3.
Kollam–Kottapuram stretch of West Coast Canal and Champakara and Udyogmandal canals of total length 205 km was declared as National Waterway-3 (NW-3) in the year 1993.
National Waterway- 4.
Kakinada–Pondicherry stretch of canals and Kaluvelly tank, Bhadrachalam–Rajahmundry stretch of River Godavari and Wazirabad–Vijayawada stretch of River Krishna of total length 1095 km was declared as National Waterway-4 (NW-4) in the year 2008.
National Waterway-5.
Talcher–Dhamra stretch of rivers, Geonkhali–Charbatia stretch of East Coast Canal, Charbatia–Dhamra stretch of Matai river and Mahanadi delta rivers of total length 620 km was declared as National Waterway-5 (NW-5) in the year 2008.
National Waterway-6.
Lakhipur-Bhanga stretch of 121 km of the Barak River is the 6th waterway. It will result in unified development of the waterways for shipping and navigation and transportation of cargo to the North Eastern Region particularly in the states of Assam, Nagaland, Mizoram, Manipur, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh. It was accepted as National Waterway in January 2013 by Union Cabinet.
Development of waterways.
The development and regulation of the waterways which are declared as National Waterways are under the purview of Central Government, while the other waterways remain under the purview of the respective State Governments. (IWAI) is responsible for regulation and development of National Waterways in the country for shipping and navigation. IWAI is developing the first three waterways—Allahabad-Haldia, Sadiya-Dhubri (both in the Ganga and the Brahmaputra in the East) and Kottapuram-Kollam in Kerala—the shipping ministry plans to develop NW-4 and NW-5 through Public-Private Partnership model. A report tabled in Parliament on 28 August 2013 by The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Transport, Tourism and Culture headed by CPI (M) M.P, Sitaram Yechury questioned the Ministry of Shipping’s proposal to develop NW-4 and NW-5 through public-private partnership (PPP).

</doc>
<doc id="19535853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535853" title="Namco Super Wars">
Namco Super Wars

Namco Super Wars is a tactical role-playing game developed by Namco and published by Bandai for the Wonderswan Color. It is a crossover game, featuring characters from several classic Namco titles.
Gameplay.
The game is played on a square grid, on which both the player's and computer's units are placed. Each side takes turns moving and making actions with their units. Every character has a variety of attacks and special moves that can be selected when performing an action. Some of these consume Spirit Points, which slowly regenerate each turn. The game is divided into stages. Between each stage, the player is able to visit a shop and prepare his units before starting the next stage. Unlike most RPGs, characters do not gain levels for directly defeating opponents. Instead, completion of a map will reward the players with a number of level ups, which they can then distribute among their units as they wish.
Characters.
As a crossover game, Namco Super Wars includes characters from a number of previous Namco games. The games represented are the following.
Legacy.
Although no sequel was ever planned, a later crossover game, Namco X Capcom was another tactical role playing game that used many of the same characters.

</doc>
<doc id="19535907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535907" title="Boat Rock Road">
Boat Rock Road

Boat Rock Road is a road in western Fulton County in the north-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The road is located northwest of Sandtown, a suburb of Atlanta. It connects some of the industrial areas of Atlanta with the city's western suburbs.
Route description.
Boat Rock Road begins at a dead end street in an industrial area northwest of Sandtown. The road travels to the north-northeast and curves to the east-southeast and has an intersection with SR 70 (Fulton Industrial Boulevard SW) north-northeast of Sandtown. It crosses over, but does not intersect, SR 6 (Camp Creek Parkway). Then, it curves to a southerly direction and meets its eastern terminus, an intersection with SR 154/SR 166 (Campbellton Road SW) on the northeastern edge of the commonly-accepted boundary of Sandtown.
Boat Rock Road is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
History.
Boat Rock Road was named after a ridge of boulders that were found in Sandtown. The origins of Boat Rock go back as far as 325 million years. The intrusion of magma formed a large dome under the earth. After several million years of cooling, erosive forces slowly began to expose the rocks. These boulders have been used for rock climbing since the late 1960s.
Geologists commonly refer to this area as the Ben Hill Batholith. Boat Rock has one of the five known batholiths in the Atlanta metropolitan area. Three of the others are located at Stone Mountain, Arabia Mountain, and Panola Mountain. The batholiths are protected from developers and are used as parks by the citizens of Atlanta.
In the 1990s, Boat Rock was known as a project area until the city took control and tore it down.
Murders.
The case of the Atlanta child murders took place on the Southside of Atlanta. Not too far way from Boat Rock, some bodies were found near a local school, on the side of Union Road. Once of the victims, Timothy Hill, was also found on Jackson Parkway. This caused a lot of the parents to be afraid to let their children play outside, although, while the murders continued, many children continued to go outside. There were about 30 murders in the general area.
Present day.
The Boat Rock area has been cleaned up and fundraisers have been held to improve the area. The South Eastern Climbers Organization is the property caretaker of the preserve. The community has built new homes to support the change. They have also rebuilt Westlake High School, in the hopes of giving children in the area a better education. Homeowners in the area have seen property values rise. There has been a decrease in the crime rate since the projects have been torn down. Boat Rock now hosts rock climbing on its many boulders.

</doc>
<doc id="19535941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535941" title="Scheideck, California">
Scheideck, California

Scheideck, California (also known as Camp Scheideck) is an unincorporated community in Ventura County in Southern California within the Cuyama Valley about due north of Ojai 
and from Frazier Park in Kern County.
It is situated on Reyes Creek within the Los Padres National Forest from a county road leading from Lake of the Woods to California State Route 33. It is above sea level.
History.
Founding and growth.
According to Bonnie Ketterl Kane of the Ridge Route Communities Museum and Historical Society, the community was founded in 1888 by Martin Scheideck of Germany, who traveled with a friend, Gebhardt Wegis, "to avoid mandatory enlistment in the army."
two adventurers . . . walked from San Luis Obispo to Upper Cuyama[, where they felt they found an area that reminded them of southern Germany. Both claimed homesteads near the Reyes family[,] who had been grazing cattle in the mountain valleys since the 1850's. Gebhardt married one of the Reyes daughters, Rosa, establishing the Wegis name in that area.
According to Kane, Scheideck built an adobe house and store with a wine cellar "and was known to serve hard cider to postal customers and candy in a bucket for the children. He was said to have been called "Judge Scheideck" after an "itinerate lawyer" left him a set of lawbooks, which he studied and "put to use in settling disputes."
Reporter Charles Hillinger of the "Los Angeles Times," however, reported that the settlement was founded in 1888 by Eugene Scheideck, a German immigrant, on . A two-story wooden building was erected around 1900 to establish the Ozena station of the U.S. Post Office. As time passed, Sheideck built a lodge and tiny cabins along the Ozena Creek. By 1975 there were 54 of the little houses, which were owned individually but were built on both sides of Reyes Creek on of land leased from the property owners.
In 1975 there were only two couples living year around in the settlement, one of which was Barbara and Harold Brake, who owned the gas station, bar, store and dance hall. By 1992 the permanent population had grown to nine residents, Bugs and Frances Lackey, Uncle Vane Fort. J.R. and Rose Putzier, Betsy Paine. John (The Painter) Hilton, Frances Hawkins. and Stephanie Rogers, according to a "Los Angeles Times" reporter, who called the settlement "a self-contained mountain colony" with no telephone service and only two mobile phones for communication outside the Ozena Valley.
Ownership.
The property was owned by the Scheideck family for nine decades. Eugene Scheideck's nephew, also named Eugene, was 81 years old when he had it in 1975. In 1978, however, Jim Cory, an Oxnard auto dealer, and four others bought the land from Jim Scheideck of Taft, and in 1990 it was sold to Ozzie Osborn, a rancher and plumbing contractor.
Reputation.
Published accounts of Camp Scheideck have stressed its unusual nature. The Ridge Route Communities Museum and Historical Society, for example, noted that "Judge" Scheideck ran egg hunts on both Easter Sunday and Halloween, which was Scheideck's birthday, and the custom was still being observed in 2013.
In July 1979 a golf tournament was held on a course "scratched into" the surface of the landscape, dodging "bushes, gullies and rattlesnake holes." Instead of greens, the course had "browns." Golf clubs were made from tree limbs of plastic pipe, or a croquet mallet. Tennis balls were used instead of golf balls; three-gallon containers replaced standard golf cups. Proceeds were turned over to a 4-H Club.
But people find it. Some, from seeing a small, ridiculous sign on the paved Lockwood Valley Road: "Scheideck's Lodge. Cocktails and dining. Turn here, go in 1.5 miles." But most simply hear about it from the people who call Scheideck's home, the people who live here in cabins only steps from the bar. . . .
Scheideck's Lodge, while a curiosity to the day-tripper and oasis for hikers at nearby Reyes Creek Campground, performs many functions beyond pulling tap beer and keeping a jukebox current with Hank Williams Jr. and Bonnie Raitt. The bar is a window into a self-contained mountain colony, a tavern-as-nexus where information is traded in a phoneless society. 
Amenities.
There are a myriad of old cabins, a mock cemetery called "Boot Hill," and a chapel where weddings have been performed. The place is a destination or a stopover for motorcycle riders.
In August 2011 the 120-year-old lodge was owned by Tony Virgilio.

</doc>
<doc id="19535972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535972" title="Román Rubilio Castillo">
Román Rubilio Castillo

Román Rubilio Castillo Álvarez (born 26 November 1991) is a Honduran football player who currently plays as a striker for C.D. Motagua in the Honduran National League.
Club career.
His debut in top flight football league was for C.D.S. Vida on 27 September 2008 against Hispano F.C. and he scored the only goal from his side. He used to play in an amateur championship with his team El Sauce where he won top goalscorer.
On November 9, 2008, Diario Deportivo Diez confirmed that he would go on trial with River Plate in November.

</doc>
<doc id="19535995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19535995" title="FX-55 (film developer)">
FX-55 (film developer)

FX-55 is an 'eco-friendly' photographic developer for monochrome film devised by Geoffrey Crawley. It was first published in "Amateur Photographer".
It provides and alternative to Phenidone with Hydroquinone developers. Hydroquinone, like other benzene, derivatives can cause skin problems and is undesirable in quantity effluent
General Characteristics.
An exposure index of about 0.5-1EV over the ISO rating is usually possible.
FX-55 has good over and underexposure characteristics, with a low background fog level. The fine, even grain produced is beneficial for digital scanning. FX-55 is particularly suitable for high-tech grain films which normally have less underexposure latitude than the traditional types such as Ilford Pan F+, FP4+ and HP5+ films and Kodak Plus X and Tri-X Pan.
The creator did not assert copyright over this formula, which may be reproduced providing "Amateur Photographer" is cited as the source.
Formula.
A.
Potassium carbonate: 20g<br>
Sodium bicarbonate: 1.5g<br>
Sodium sulfite: 25g<br>
Sodium metabisulphite: 12g<br>
Water to 1000ml
Dilute 1:9 for the working solution (e.g., 30ml makes 300ml). Before use add B to the 1:9 diluted A solution to form the working strength developer.
B.
Sodium L-ascorbate: 1.3g<br>
Phenidone: 100mg (0.1g)<br>
Add to 1,000ml of A, diluted 1:9
Use.
B is best added to working strength A shortly before use at around 20°C. The ascorbate dissolves immediately, the Phenidone more slowly; crush any small lumps before adding. If left standing for a few minutes, the powder is penetrated by water and dissolves more easily.
A keeps indefinitely in a closed container. The combined A+B has a short working life. Unused working solution will keep its properties for a maximum of 36 hours, if kept in a closed container. Use the working solution once, then discard.
Stock solution may be made up in tap water though 'purified water' is preferred as helps with the short stability of the working solution. Do not use battery top-up water.
Developing times.
The following developing times (minutes at 20°C, four spiral tank inversions per minute) will yield negatives of enlarging quality (contrast index "CI=0.58-0.60"). Negatives intended for scanning can benefit from a higher "CI". A "CI" of around 0.65 may be obtained by reducing the sodium metabisulphite in A to 10g, or by increasing the developing times by about 10%.
AGFA<br>
APX 25: 9<br>
APX 100: 10½<br>
APX 400: 12<br>
FUJIFILM<br>
Acros 100: 11<br>
Neopan 400: 16½<br>
Neopan 1600: 15½<br>
ILFORD<br>
Pan F+: 7<br>
FP4+: 8½<br>
HP5+: 13½<br>
Delta 100: 10<br>
Delta 400: 12½<br>
Delta 3200: 12½<br>
SFX: 14<br>
KODAK<br>
Plus-X Pro: 8<br>
Tri-X Pan: 12½<br>
T-Max 100: 13<br>
T-Max 400: 14½<br>
T-Max 3200: 17½<br>
High speed IR: 16<br>
Tech Pan: 6<br>
KONICA<br>
Infra Red: 14<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19536002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536002" title="Vošče">
Vošče

Vošče () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19536050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536050" title="Augusta Mountains">
Augusta Mountains

The Augusta Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19536074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536074" title="Barnett Hills">
Barnett Hills

The Barnett Hills are a mountain range in Churchill County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19536110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536110" title="Belted Range">
Belted Range

The Belted Range is a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19536112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536112" title="Qırmızı Qəsəbə">
Qırmızı Qəsəbə

Qırmızı Qəsəbə (formerly in , ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,598.
The village is located across the Qudiyalçay River (or Kudyal River) from the larger town of Quba, Azerbaijan. It is the primary settlement of Azerbaijan's population of Mountain Jews, who make up the population of approximately 4,000. It is quite possibly the only completely Jewish town outside of Israel. The most widely spoken language in Qırmızı Qəsəbə is Juhuri.
History.
While the Highland Jews had been in the area around Quba since at least the 13th century, the formal creation of Krasnaya Sloboda is traced back to the 18th century, when in 1742 the khan of Quba, Feteli Khan, gave the Jews permission to set up a community free of persecution across the river from the city of Quba. Originally referred to as Yevreiskaya Sloboda (Jewish Settlement), the name was changed to Krasnaya Sloboda (Red Settlement) under Soviet rule.
The town has had an influx of financial support from relatives living in Israel and features the new Bet Knesset Synagogue. However, after Azerbaijan's independence in 1991, many residents emigrated to Israel, the United States, and Europe, and the population dropped from the roughly 18,000 that lived there during the era of Communism.

</doc>
<doc id="19536113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536113" title="Victorian Premier's Prize for Writing for Young Adults">
Victorian Premier's Prize for Writing for Young Adults

The Victorian Premier's Prize for Writing for Young Adults, formerly known as the Victorian Premier's Prize for Young Adult Fiction, is a prize category in the annual Victorian Premier's Literary Award. As of 2011 it has a enumeration of 25,000. The winner of this category prize vies with 4 other category winners for overall Victorian Prize for Literature valued at an additional 100,000. 
From inception in 1999 to 2010, the award was administered by the State Library of Australia and known as the Victorian Premier's Prize for Young Adult Fiction. In 2011 stewardship changed to the Wheeler Centre where the prize was re-launched with a new new, rules and prize amount. According to the State Library of Australia, "This prize offered for a published work of fiction or collection of short stories written for a readership between the ages of 13 and 18. Publishers may consider submitting books that are appropriate to young adult readers but not published under a young adult imprint. Literary merit is the major judging criterion. In the case of illustrated books, the additional criterion of literary and artistic unity is considered." 
Victorian Premier's Prize for Writing for Young Adults.
Blue ribbon () = winner.

</doc>
<doc id="19536118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536118" title="Shironamhin">
Shironamhin

Shironamhin (Bengali: শিরোনামহীন Śirōnāmahīn English: Untitled) is a Bengali independent music group from Dhaka. Ziaur Rahman Zia and Tanzir Tuhin started the band in 1996. The band have released 5 studio albums and several mixed albums. This band is currently finished their titled album "Shironamhin Shironamhin", release in 19 July 2013 in this year internationally.
1996: early years.
Formation.
Shironamhin started their journey in 1996. At first they used to jam and perform in the campus gossip areas and street crowd. They have presented their musical approach and lyrical pattern on urban cultural fabric till their first program at TSC auditorium, University of Dhaka on Pahela Boisakh with "Podatik Nattyochokro". They participated in the final round of the 2nd 'Star Search Competition' arranged by Benson & Hedges. The listeners’ feedback made them feel the urge to frame their creations into an album. At present, Shironamhin has achieved enormous popularity to become pioneer in their own style of untitled genre and the most popular band in Bangladesh. They have performed uncountable live stage concerts nationwide and abroad. Shironamhin released 4 albums and participated in 6 mixed albums within 5 years (2004-2010) with their own unique lyrical vocabulary that could catch the intellectuals' attraction & the simplicity could render a dynamic image on listeners' mind.
Shironamhin, believes that a perfect tune can only grow through crawling up the body of text and breed only within the ontological situation of human uttering. They also believe that only by using the proper rhythms of Bengali diction and through an extension of that rhythm it is possible to find a proper tune (body) for a proper lyric (soul). And probably this new understanding of music can change the common trend of Bengali band music culture which will offer a new era of communicative music.
2004–present.
Shironamhin, released their first album in 2004 after 8 years of the formation of the band. Last album of the band is "Shironamhin Shironamhin" will released soon in this year.
"Jahajee" (2004).
Jahajee, was based on urban lifestyle and struggling. The title track of the album, itself speaks so. Shironamhin, tried to portray the usual daily life and elements from middle class career seeking young sailor of a Bronx. The cultural interest, the gossip in a crowded cityscape, the life of mono busy traffic etc. were conveyed with metaphor and events by this album. Jahajee was the only album from the band Shironamhin that was refused and rejected by every known record label company of Dhaka.
"Ichchhe Ghuri" (2006).
Ichchhe Ghuri was second album of Shironamhin released from the record label company G-Series on 2006. They tried to do some experiments, draw some maturity in compositions, suited compositions for Live performances and fix in a style for Shironamhin’s own. Shironamhin is keen on lyrics from nature. They tried to convey urban crisis in this album in which they did not to draw any comment or did not even try to draw any suggestion. Shironamhin just wanted the listeners to get the message with their own understanding and draw the images or characters with own personal fantasy. They mostly worked on certain topic or events on short-time span. They loved to talk about urban life, draw the urban texture. "Cafeteria" was a story of one second judging from vivid angles. It is based on a moment someone entering into his campus cafeteria and feel two silent eyes among so many noise and fumes around from the cafe gossiping. Shironamhin tried to make the listeners recall their own cafeteria in their campus life.
"Bondho Janala" (2009).
"Bondho Janala" was a bit challenging for Shironamhin as they were very much used to with sarod sound compositions. In the album they had to explore many more acoustic instruments like esraj, silver flute, trumpet as the album was enriched with vivid orchestration. Lyrically the band Shironamhin tried to work on their already established genre of urban life talks with some bigger aspects and along with historical events or movements. "Bus Stoppage" was based on a regular life happening around a bus stop in your very own locality; the newspaper stand, the billboards displaying contest winner beauties, the hawkers, the little girl selling flowers in the street who could touch the glasses of the cars but could not touch the hearts inside or the corporate guy completely missing the enormous sky full of stars above his head while distressed with selling his dreams every now and then for the agony of life. It was released by the record label company G-Series on 2009.
"Shironamhin Rabindranath" (2010).
In 2010, Shironamhin released their fourth studio album, which features rock interpretations of Rabindra Sangeet, titled "Shironamhin Rabindranath", under the banner of Laser Vision.
"Shironamhin Shironamhin" (2013).
This is the fifth studio album in self-titled of the band. This album is a collection of 10 track which is selected from 25 track. Shironamhin tried to compile confession, demand, rage, hope & anticipation in their self-titled album to invite a new light through old windows. From lyrical point of view, this album is more specific on topic, searching the positive sides of a negative living. Musically Shironamhin tried western classic orchestration based on violin, cello, contrabass section fused with rock guitar, bass & drums accompaniment. Shironamhin recalls all the members & persons who worked for Shironamhin once and forever, expressed their gratitude to those who carried shironamhin this long & dedicated their songs to the listeners whom shironamhin is comfortable to call friends. Shironamhin will remain untitled as always.
Musicianship.
Style.
Shironamhin, have developed of their own unique style of successful blending of the popular western instruments like guitar, drum kit Bass and keyboard along with the traditional traditional folk instruments like Bansuri, Dotara and Indian classical instrument and with the instrument like Sarod, Esraj, Scottish instruments like Bodhran, Banjo, Silver flute, African instruments like Mondo Mo Fa Head, Rainmaker; Western classic instruments like Violin, Cello, Trumpet, Coronet, Saxophone etc. Shironamhin effectively creates a very complicated hectic quality of lyrics by putting side by side contrasting allegory of urban myth, morose state of human soul and their expectation from life itself. Besides they paint ruthless landscape in the context of Lifescape of urbanity; they depict the rustic rural within a controlled yet personalized emotional content. The nature that made Shironamhin the talk of the town band is their achievement of being self-sufficient in every way. The construction of lyric, tune & composition, the live sound producing, the album production with technical supports, the presentation of graphical skill & design made them one & only in Bangladesh.
Awards and achievements.
There are list of awards received by Bengali rock band "Shironamhin".
Cultural Journalist Forum of Bangladesh.
The award are given by the "Cultural Journalist Forum of Bangladesh". Shironamhin have received 1 award.
Citycell-Channel I Music Award.
The "Citycell-Channel I Music Award" are given by the telecommunication company Citycell and medea channel company Channel I in the Bangladesh. Shironamhin have received 1 award.
Television advertisement.
"Hashimukh" (2004) (), (album: "Jahajee") is a widely used song in Bangladeshi Television advertisement.

</doc>
<doc id="19536122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536122" title="Mallardo clan">
Mallardo clan

The Mallardo clan is a Camorra clan operating from the town of Giugliano in Campania, north of the city of Naples.
History.
The clan was headed by Domenico Mallardo who was killed by the Maisto clan on June 24, 1976. His son Francesco Mallardo and his younger brother Giuseppe Mallardo succeeded their father. The murder led to a vendetta against the Maisto clan, which was concluded 11 years later in April 1987 with the killing of Antonio Maisto and two others. The triple killing wiped out the Maisto clan from the crime scene in Giugliano, now dominated by the Mallardos. The attack also marked the final break of relations between the Mallardos and the Nuvoletta clan from Marano. To complete the triple murder, the Mallardo clan allied themselves with the Casalesi clan of Francesco Schiavone and Francesco Bidognetti who demanded an end to the historic alliance between Giugliano and Marano. They had been allied in the Nuova Famiglia that aimed to put an end to the power of Raffaele Cutolo's Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO) in the late 1970s and 1980s.
The rise of this clan in both power and prominence is inextricably linked to the Licciardi and Contini clans. The three clans together formed a coalition called the Secondigliano Alliance, in order to gain a stranglehold in the drug trafficking and extortion rackets in Naples and dominated the Neapolitan underworld during the 1990s. Mallardo was soon added to the list of thirty most dangerous fugitives in Italy and eventually arrested on August, 2003.
On May 10, 2011, the Italian police seized assets worth 600m euros allegedly belonging to the Mallardos. The assets included around 900 properties, 23 companies and 200 bank accounts. Several people suspected of being members of the clan were arrested, such as Feliciano Mallardo, the suspected boss. "The clan's companies had seized control of entire economic sectors: from the production and distribution of coffee to betting shops to the wholesale trade in drinks and pharmaceutical products," according to the police.

</doc>
<doc id="19536134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536134" title="Bilk Creek Mountains">
Bilk Creek Mountains

The Bilk Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada and Harney County, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="19536146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536146" title="Tweede Klasse">
Tweede Klasse

The Tweede Klasse () is the sixth tier of football in the Netherlands and the fourth tier of Dutch amateur football. The league is divided into 22 division, 10 played on Saturday and 12 on Sunday.
Each division consists of 12 teams. The champions are promoted to the Eerste Klasse, the teams finishing 11th and 12th are relegated to the Derde Klasse. Each season is divided into a number of periods (). The winner of these periods qualify for promotion playoffs, provided they finish in the top nine overall in the season. The team finishing 10th in the final rankings play relegation playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19536156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536156" title="Bird Spring Range">
Bird Spring Range

The Bird Spring Range is a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19536160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536160" title="Akseli Kokkonen">
Akseli Kokkonen

Akseli Ensio "Axu" Kokkonen (born February 27, 1984 in Oslo) is a Norwegian ski-jumper. He was born to Kari and Anneli Kokkonen in Oslo, Norway, and is the younger brother of Elmeri Kokkonen. He had Finnish nationality and spent most of his childhood in Finland. In 2006 Kokkonen was taken out of the Finnish national team due to an injury and bad performances. He was not allowed to jump in any World Cup competition and just competed in a few Continental and FIS Cup competitions. The Finnish team refused to take him into the World cup team again, Kokkonen grew tired of this and after much work became a Norwegian citizen. One of the reasons was also that all his friends are in Norway, and his only ties to neighbouring Finland are his parents who live there. He is returning to the World Cup in the 2009-2010 season, now representing Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19536170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536170" title="Eraserheads Anthology Two">
Eraserheads Anthology Two

Eraserheads Anthology Two is the second greatest hits compilation album of the defunct Filipino pop-rock band Eraserheads. It was released in 2006 by Sony BMG Music Entertainment in the Philippines. It features the hits of the band during their peak popularity in the 90s such as ""Tindahan Ni Aling Nena"", ""Shirley"", "Shake Yer Head", "Hey Jay", ""Alkohol"", ""Sa Wakas"", ""Kailan Lounge"", ""Spoliarium"", and ""Tikman"". The tracks were taken from their multi-platinum albums "Ultraelectromagneticpop!", "Circus" "Cutterpillow", "Fruitcake", "Sticker Happy", "Bananatype EP", "Aloha Milkyway", "Natin ’99" and "Carbon Stereoxide". The album is released in a 2-disc set with fourteen tracks per disc.

</doc>
<doc id="19536181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536181" title="Black Canyon Range">
Black Canyon Range

The Black Canyon Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19536183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536183" title="Siegfried Oberndorfer">
Siegfried Oberndorfer

Siegfried Oberndorfer (24 June 1876 in Munich - 1944 in Istanbul) was a German physician and pathologist.
Oberndorfer studied medicine in Munich and Kiel and Ph.D in 1900 in Munich and habilitated in pathological anatomy in 1906 also in Munich. From 1910 he was the head of Pathology Department of the hospital in Munich-Schwabing.
In 1907 he introduced the medical term carcinoid (German: "Karzinoide") that is still in use until the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="19536198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536198" title="Bloody Run Hills">
Bloody Run Hills

The Bloody Run Hills are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19536209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536209" title="Blow Sand Mountains">
Blow Sand Mountains

The Blow Sand Mountains are a mountain range in Churchill County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19536220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536220" title="World Vacation Tour">
World Vacation Tour

The World Vacation Tour was a 1979 concert tour by hard rock band Van Halen to support their second album Van Halen II. It was the band's first world tour as a headliner, previously having been a support act for Black Sabbath for that band's 1978 Never Say Die! 10th Anniversary World Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19536244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536244" title="Vrbnje">
Vrbnje

Vrbnje () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19536250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536250" title="Thermote &amp; Vanhalst">
Thermote &amp; Vanhalst

TVH – Group Thermote & Vanhalst is a Belgian company active in the market of forklift trucks, aerial work platforms, agricultural tractors and industrial in-plant vehicles. The company is a global player in the distribution of forklift trucks and the sales of spare parts. The international company has its headquarters along the E17 in the West-Flemish city of Waregem.
History.
TVH is a family business that was founded in 1969 in Gullegem by Paul Thermote & Paul Vanhalst, both descendants from an agricultural family. The company is currently led by the second generation.
Initially the company concentrated on the purchase, repair and sales of agricultural machinery and former military lift trucks. During the first couple of years, the field of activity for the purchase of used lift trucks was mainly focussed on Belgium and the surrounding countries. The European market however soon be-came too small and as a result the company shifted a part of its focus to Japan. Thousands of used forklift trucks were purchased there, after which they were repaired and sold all over Europe. From this originated the demand for spare parts for the repairs, which later developed into the main activity of the group: the sales of forklift spare parts.
The group experienced a strong growth in both turnover and work force. For the company grew from 96 employees in 1989 to more than 400 employees by the end of the 90's, to 3800 employees at the begin-ning of 2013.
Activities.
The company is active in more than 170 countries worldwide. In addition to the head office in Waregem, TVH has a regional head office for America in Olathe, Kansas (TVH Parts Co.).
TVH is divided in 2 important activities: Parts & Accessories and Rental & Equipment. This last activity is composed of 3 divisions, i.e. the Equipment Division (sales of new and used lift trucks and aerial work platforms), the Rental Division (short- and long-term rental of lift trucks and aerial work platforms) and the Service & Repair Division.
The Rental Division is active in countries such as Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and many other European countries. The Service & Repair Division is a service TVH only offers in Belgium. The Parts & Accessories Division and the Equipment Division are both active across the five continents with own branches and local stock in the main regions.
Furthermore TVH also has a training centre providing driver and technical trainings.
The unequalled know-how of TVH's Parts Division is reflected by a database of 20,000,000 article numbers, of which well over 500,000 references are in stock. Thanks to the MyTotalSource webshop, TVH's customers can obtain information about the availability of the parts 24/7.

</doc>
<doc id="19536269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536269" title="Blue Wing Mountains">
Blue Wing Mountains

The Blue Wing Mountains are a mountain range in west central Pershing County, Nevada. 
The range is a small northeast trending range typical of the Basin and Range province. Adjacent to the northwest side of the range is a desert playa of the broad Kumiva Valley. To the west beyond the Kumiva valley lies the Selenite Range. To the southest lie the Nightingale Mountains and directly south across the narrow Juniper Pass are the closely associated Sahwave Mountains. To the southeast is the Blue Wing Playa of the broad Granite Springs Valley. Beyond the Granite Springs Valley are the Trinity Range with Lovelock just beyond. The Seven Troughs Range lies just five miles to the east of the Blue Wings.

</doc>
<doc id="19536273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536273" title="Public journal">
Public journal

A public journal (official gazette, official journal, official newspaper or official diary) is a periodical publication that records the business and proceedings of a government and has been authorised to publish public or legal notices. It is usually established by statute or official action and publication of notices within it, whether by the government or a private party, is usually considered sufficient to comply with legal requirements for public notice. A public journal is not necessarily released into the public domain.
In some jurisdictions, public journals may also be referred to as minutes or gazettes (see the category "Gazettes").
Publication within privately owned periodicals.
In some jurisdictions, privately owned newspapers may also register with the public authorities in order to publish public and legal notices. Likewise, a private newspaper may be designated by the courts for publication of legal notices, such as notices of fictitious business names. These are referred to as "legally adjudicated newspapers".
Journals of legislative bodies.
Several jurisdictions also publish a separate periodical record of the proceedings of their legislature.
United Kingdom.
The journals of the British Houses of Parliament, alongside the "Hansard", contain an official record of the Houses of Parliament. The journals are a lengthened account written from the "Votes and Proceedings" (in the House of Lords called "Minutes of Proceedings"), made day by day by the Clerks at the Table, and printed on the responsibility of the Clerk of the House. In the Commons the Votes and Proceedings, but not the Journal, bear the Speaker's signature in fulfilment of a former order that he should "peruse" them before publication. The journals of the British House of Commons begin in the first year of the reign of Edward VI in 1547, and are complete, except for a short interval under Elizabeth I. Those of the House of Lords date from the first year of Henry VIII in 1509. Before that date the proceedings in parliament were entered in the Rolls of Parliament, which extend from 1278 to 1503. The journals of the Lords are "records" in the judicial sense; those of the Commons are not. The "Hansard", which is available from 1803, contains printed transcripts of parliamentary debates.
United States.
The "Congressional Record" is the official record of the proceedings and debates of the United States Congress. It is published by the United States Government Printing Office, and is issued when the United States Congress is in session. Indexes are issued approximately every two weeks. At the end of a session of Congress, the daily editions are compiled in bound volumes constituting the permanent edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19536289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536289" title="Kokkonen">
Kokkonen

Kokkonen is a Finnish surname. It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19536327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536327" title="Zadnja Vas">
Zadnja Vas

Zadnja Vas (; ) is a small village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Sveta Lucija" (literally, 'Saint Lucy') to "Zadnja vas" (literally, 'upper/last village') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms.
Church.
The village church is dedicated to Saint Lucy and was first mentioned in documents dating to 1464, but was extensively rebuilt in the 17th century when a decorative architrave made of local volcanic green tuff was also added.

</doc>
<doc id="19536342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536342" title="Bodie Mountains">
Bodie Mountains

The Bodie Mountains are a mountain range primarily in western Mineral County, Nevada. 
They extend westward into Mono County, California, where they become the Bodie Hills with the mining district and town of Bodie, California. 
The Sierra Nevada (U.S.) tower high to the west.
Bodie State Historic Park.
The mining town of Bodie, California is now a preserved ghost town in Bodie State Historic Park, designated a National Historic Landmark. 
Roads to Bodie and beyond it allow ease of exploring the Bodie Mountains and Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="19536347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536347" title="Bone Mountains">
Bone Mountains

The Bone Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19536363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536363" title="Bristol Range">
Bristol Range

The Bristol Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19536375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536375" title="Broken Hills">
Broken Hills

The Broken Hills are a mountain range in Churchill County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19536378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536378" title="Paul Billik">
Paul Billik

Paul Billik (27 March 1891 – 8 March 1926) was a World War I fighter ace credited with 31 victories. He was killed in a flying accident while pioneering civil aviation.
His Life Before Aviation.
Paul Billik was born on 27 March 1891 in Haatsch in the Silesian region of what was then Germany, and is currently the Czech Republic. His father Franz was a Jewish farmer. He attended school in Ratibor (Racibórz) until 1910.
In 1911, he joined the 157th Infantry Regiment of the 12th Division and was based in Brzeg. He was promoted up to the rank of corporal during the next two years. He was still in this regiment when World War I started, and he went into battle with it. In November 1915, he received a commission, apparently on the battlefield, which suggests uncommon courage and ability. In May 1916, he transferred to the "Fliegertruppe" for aviation training.
Flying Service.
Billik trained with FEA 4. From January through 26 March 1917 he flew defensive patrols with Schusta 4, and he trained to fly single seat fighter aircraft. On 1 April 1917 he joined the Prussian Jagdstaffel 12, which was soon commanded by Oberleutnant Adolf Ritter von Tutschek. He was assigned an Albatros fighter to fly, which he personalized with his good luck insignia of a pre-Nazi swastika.
On 30 April, he downed a Sopwith Pup for his first victory; his victim was Royal Naval Air Service ace Flight Sub-Lieutenant John Joseph Malone. Billik downed three more opposing fighters before being transferred, with number four being on 3 July 1917. Billik was rewarded with the Iron Cross First Class.
He was reassigned the following day. His new unit was the Prussian Jasta 7, commanded by Josef Jacobs. With them, he flew a Fokker Dr.I and scored once in August, twice in September, was wounded on 7 October, and claimed victory number eight on 12 December.
As the year turned, Billik was appointed to command newly formed Prussian Jasta 52. Although most of his pilots were recent graduates of aviation training, he brought with him four pilots from his old unit, along with an aircraft color scheme of black fuselages for the Jasta's Pfalz D.IIIs. The Pfalz was an underperforming airplane, but Billik was shrewd enough to modify tactics to minimise its limitations. On 7 February 1918, Billik led his new unit, by now nicknamed the "Black Squadron", to Bersée to support 6 Armee.
Beginning on 9 March 1918, he began a five month accumulation of successes. Scoring one or two victories per day, without the three, four, five, or six plane multiple victories of some other aces, he ran up a tally of 23 with his Jasta, including successes over four British aces.
On 28 March, he shot down Captain John Lightfoot Trollope of No.43 Squadron, who survived as a prisoner of war but had to have his left hand amputated.
On 19 May, in a dogfight where the Germans were outnumbered, he downed ace Major Albert Desbrisay Carter of No.19 Squadron, who survived as a prisoner of war. Billik was slightly wounded in the encounter.
On 1 June 1918, he shot the wing off of British ace Captain William Cairnes' Royal Aircraft Factory SE.5a, plummeting it earthward in a high speed spin; Cairnes (of No. 74 Squadron) did not survive.
On 8 July, Billik killed ace Captain Arthur Claydon of No. 32 Squadron. It was about this time that Jasta 52 finally upgraded to Fokker D.VIIs and Dr.Is.
On 25 July, Billik was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern.
On 10 August 1918, in a swirling confused dogfight, Billik was shot down and taken prisoner. He had been recommended for a Pour le Merite when his score sheet reached 20 victories. This award was Germany's highest decoration for valor, and one very seldom awarded to men from humble origin or from the non-commissioned ranks. His capture prevented the honor.
In evaluating Billik's achievements as a fighter ace, he triumphed over few opponents in inferior airplanes, and many in superior ones. An Albatros or a Pfalz was considered a poorer combat aircraft than the Sopwith Camel, SE5a or Dolphin, yet Billik shot down nine Camels, seven SE5a's and two Dolphins. Conversely, he shot down only six bombers among his 31 score; all modern well-armed craft.
Post war.
Billik went into civil aviation after the war. He died in a landing accident in Staaken, Berlin, while piloting one of the world's first passenger liners, the Junkers F.13.

</doc>
<doc id="19536382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536382" title="Chicken Island (Tasmania)">
Chicken Island (Tasmania)

Chicken Island is a low, flat, 1.95 ha island in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. It is part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site.
Flora and fauna.
The vegetation is dominated by "Sarcocornia quinqueflora" and "Senecio lautus". Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Fairy Prion, Common Diving-Petrel, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Caspian Tern.

</doc>
<doc id="19536391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536391" title="Leslie Randall">
Leslie Randall

The Rt Rev James Leslie Randall DD (died 1922) was the inaugural Bishop of Reading from 1889 until 1908. Educated at Winchester College and New College, Oxford, he held incumbencies at Newbury, Sandhurst and Mixbury before being appointed Archdeacon of Buckingham, a post he held until elevation to the Episcopate. He died on 17 January 1922 and after his death a committee was set up to fund, then place, a memorial to honour his 56 years service to the Diocese of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="19536396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536396" title="Bruneau Range">
Bruneau Range

The Bruneau Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada. They are contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains. 

</doc>
<doc id="19536399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536399" title="Tyrone Hayes">
Tyrone Hayes

Tyrone B. Hayes (born July 29, 1967) is an American biologist and Professor of Integrative Biology at University of California, Berkeley known for his research findings that the herbicide atrazine is an endocrine disruptor that demasculinizes and feminizes male frogs. He is also an advocate for critical review and regulation of pesticides and other chemicals that may cause adverse health effects. He has presented hundreds of papers, talks and seminars on the role of environmental chemical contaminants in global amphibian declines and in the health disparities that occur in minority and low income populations. His work has been contested by Syngenta, the U.S. manufacturer of atrazine, and was used as the basis for the settlement of a multi-million dollar class-action lawsuit against them.
Education and career.
Born in Columbia, South Carolina, Hayes spent his childhood studying frogs and lizards and won a state science fair with research that showed anole lizards had to be awake to change color. After graduating from Harvard University, Hayes was a technician and freelance consultant from 1990–1992 for Tiburon, California based Biosystems, Inc. Hayes has held an academic appointment (professorship) at the University of California, Berkeley since completing his doctoral research there in 1992; He was hired as a graduate student instructor in 1992, became an assistant professor in 1994, associate professor in 2000, and professor in 2003 in the Department of Integrative Biology, Molecular Toxicology, Group in Endocrinology, Museum of Vertebrate Zoology, Energy and Resources Group, University of California, Berkeley. 
Atrazine research.
In 1997, the consulting firm EcoRisk, Inc. paid Hayes to join a panel of experts conducting studies for Novartis (later Syngenta) on the herbicide atrazine. When Hayes' research found unexpected toxicities for atrazine, he reported them to the panel, however the panel and company were resistant to his findings. He wanted to repeat his work to validate it but Novartis refused funding for further research; he resigned from the panel and obtained other funding to repeat the experiments.
In 2002 Hayes published findings that he says replicate what he found while he was working for EcoRisk, that developing male African clawed frogs and leopard frogs exhibited female characteristics after exposure to atrazine, first in the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" (PNAS) and then in "Nature".
In 2007, Hayes was a co-author on a paper that detailed atrazine inducing mammary and prostate cancer in laboratory rodents and highlighted atrazine as a potential cause of reproductive cancers in humans. At a presentation to the U.S. National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences in 2007, Hayes presented results of his studies that showed chemical castration in frogs; individuals of both sexes had developed bisexual reproductive organs. 
In 2010, Hayes published research in PNAS describing laboratory work showing how exposure to atrazine turned male tadpoles into females — albeit with impaired fertility.
The US EPA conducted literature reviews of atrazine toxicity in 2007 and 2012 and disregarded Hayes' studies because they were deemed too restrictive, or did not meet the standards set by the agency.
Advocacy.
Based on his research findings, Hayes has become an advocate for banning atrazine. 
According to Hayes, the link between atrazine and altered "aromatase and estrogen production has been demonstrated... in fish, frogs, alligators, birds, turtles, rats and human cells", and, "I believe that the preponderance of the evidence shows atrazine to be a risk to wildlife and humans. I would not want to be exposed to it, nor do I think it should be released into the environment." He travels and lectures extensively, and uses the language of rap to convey his message to lay people: “I see a ruse / intentionally constructed to confuse the news / well, I’ve taken it upon myself to defuse the clues / so that you can choose / and to demonstrate the objectivity of the methods I use.” He also has raised issues of environmental racism, "warning that the consequences of atrazine use were disproportionately felt by people of color. 'If you’re black or Hispanic, you’re more likely to live or work in areas where you’re exposed to crap,' he has said."
Research published by Hayes and other scientists was used as evidence in a class action lawsuit against Syngenta by 15 water providers in Illinois that was settled for 105 million dollars in May 2012, which reimbursed more than 1,000 water systems for the costs of filtering atrazine from drinking water, although the company denies any wrongdoing.
Syngenta's responses to Hayes' research.
In 2014, "New Yorker" writer Rachel Aviv reported that Syngenta might have been orchestrating an attack not only on Hayes' scientific credibility, but on other scientists as well whose studies have shown atrazine to have adverse effects on the environment and/or human and animal health.
Aviv reported that Syngenta has criticized Hayes' science and conduct in press releases, letters to the editor, and through a formal ethics complaint filed at University of California-Berkeley. Internal Syngenta documents from 2005 released by a class-action lawsuit in 2014 show ways that Syngenta considered to discredit Hayes, including attempting to get journals to retract his work, and investigating his funding and private life.
In one of the 2005 e-mails obtained by class-action lawsuit plaintiffs, the company’s communications consultants had written about plans to track Hayes' speaking engagements and prepare audiences with Syngenta's counterpoints to Hayes's message on atrazine. Syngenta subsequently stated that many of the documents unsealed in the lawsuits refer to "ideas that were never implemented."
Popular culture.
Hayes' work was featured in the 2008 documentary film "". He appeared in the 2012 documentary film "Saving the Oasis". 
Hayes is the subject of "The Frog Hunter", a biographical book for children, first published in 2009.
Hayes was a biologist on the Public Broadcasting Service, National Geographic program "Strange Days," where he expressed his concerns for human health, particularly that of minority and low-paid workers exposure to agricultural chemicals. He is a National Geographic Society Explorer.

</doc>
<doc id="19536415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536415" title="Shakespeare in Delaware Park">
Shakespeare in Delaware Park

Shakespeare in Delaware Park is one of the largest free outdoor Shakespeare festivals in the country which takes place during summer months in Delaware Park located in the city of Buffalo, New York. The festival attracts about 40,000 audience members each year.
Productions are performed for the public at no cost in Buffalo's Delaware Park, designed by Frederick Law Olmsted. Over 76 productions have been mounted in the 38 years that Shakespeare in Delaware Park has been running, with plays ranging from tragedies such as Romeo and Juliet, comedies like The Taming of the Shrew, and histories such as Henry IV (parts 1 and 2). The majority of actors come from the Buffalo area, and performances run Tuesday through Sunday from June through August, with dates varying each year. The shows are always performed in the evening, and normally begin between the hours of 7–7:30pm.
History.
Shakespeare in Delaware Park was first founded in 1976 by Saul Elkin, as a part of the University at Buffalo’s theater department.
Elkin began the project for Shakespeare in Delaware Park by asking the Mayor of the city of Buffalo to help in developing a free Shakespeare theater festival to resemble the New York Shakespeare Festival. Mayor Stanley Makowski gave permission for the performances to take place in Delaware Park, as well as pledge to fund the electricity costs for all performances (a pledge honored to this day). 
Shakespeare in Delaware Park’s current Tudor style stage was first built and designed by Gary Casarella (technical director for the University at Buffalo's Theatre department), and was constructed at the University at Buffalo with funding from the school's dean. After the construction of the stage it was marked, taken apart, and transported to Delaware Park, where it was reconstructed at the base of what is now known as “Shakespeare Hill”, during the 1993 season, in time for that year's production of Romeo and Juliet. That season's first production used a temporary stage, and prior seasons used other stages. The seating has always been the hill itself, and audience members watch the productions on blankets, lawn chairs, and other self-provided seating.
In 1991, Shakespeare in Delaware Park became a fully independent non-profit organization whose only funding comes from donations made by the public, audience members, the City of Buffalo, Erie County, and outside entities such as M&T Bank, the local NBC affiliate WGRZ-TV, the New York State Council on the Arts (NYSCA) and "The Buffalo News".
Educational Activities.
The majority of roles for the productions in Shakespeare in Delaware Park are done through an audition process held at the Shakespeare in Delaware Park’s offices, the Pfeifer Theater, before the summer season. Most actors are from the local area of Buffalo, NY and are hired seasonally, with the exception of a small troupe members who work year long with the company, performing in high schools throughout the Buffalo area.
The play “Where There’s a Will, There’s a Play!” written by the troupe members, is an hour long show they perform for high school students that teaches parts of Shakespeare’s life, times, and Theater, by incorporating different parts of Shakespeare’s work such as his plays; “Comedy of Errors”, “Midsummer Night’s Dream”, and “Hamlet”, and some of his sonnets. The actors will then stay after the performance to answer questions students might have about Shakespeare and his work. This small troupe of actors also provide workshops for students where they can work alongside the actors to learn different elements such as; iambic pentameter, sound, meaning, and image, and can arrange these workshops to work around a specific Shakespearean play students may be working on. 
The company also offers an intense 6 day workshop that includes the performance of “Where There’s a Will, There’s a Play”, the three day workshop, and a joint performance that includes both students and troupe members from Shakespeare in Delaware Park.
Past Productions.
1976 
1977
1978
1979
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990 
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001 
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013

</doc>
<doc id="19536416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536416" title="Buck Creek Mountains">
Buck Creek Mountains

The Buck Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada. They are contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains. 

</doc>
<doc id="19536431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19536431" title="Buckskin Range">
Buckskin Range

The Buckskin Range is a mountain range in Douglas County, Nevada.

</doc>
