<doc id="19582850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582850" title="Harold St. Maur">
Harold St. Maur

Maj. Richard Harold St. Maur (pronounced "Seemer"), of Horton, Chipping Sodbury, Gloucester, (Brighton, Sussex, 6 June 1869 – 5 April 1927) JP DL was an unsuccessful claimant to the Dukedom of Somerset and briefly a Liberal Member of Parliament for Exeter, being unseated on an election petition by a single vote.
Early life.
St Maur was born in Brighton in 1869, the illegitimate son of Edward Seymour, Earl St Maur, and grandson of Edward Seymour, 12th Duke of Somerset. His mother was a 19-year old half-gipsy maid named Rosina Elizabeth Swan of Higham, near Bury St. Edmunds; St Maur's father died within months of his birth.
He was educated at Wellington College and Sandhurst, and served with the 14th Hussars and later with the 1st Division Royal Devon Yeomanry. He fought in the Boer War at Natal with the 7th Remounts and the Royal 1st Devon Imperial Yeomanry. St Maur wrote a book which he titled "Notebook for Officers and Non-Commissioned Officers of the Yeomanry".
In 1891 he married Elizabeth, a daughter of Captain W. H. Palmer, of the 14th Hussars, and there were three sons from the marriage. St Maur lived at Stover Park, near Newton Abbot, which he inherited from his grandfather the 12th Duke of Somerset in 1885. He was a member of Newton Abbot Urban District Council.
Brief political career.
St Maur had been identified with radical and Labour politics in Mid Devon and had given campaign donations to Labour candidates. In 1909 he was selected as Liberal candidate for the Exeter constituency, where the sitting Liberal member, Sir George Kekewich, was retiring; the Conservatives were expected to regain the seat easily. At the January 1910 election St Maur was beaten by Henry Duke by just 26 votes. The parliament did not last long, and at the second general election in December 1910, St Maur stood again in Exeter, this time triumphing over Duke by just four votes, after a recount, and was declared elected by that margin on 3 December 1910, although there were several disputed ballot papers. The Conservatives launched an election petition, which was heard at the Exeter Guildhall over a period of a week in April 1911, before Mr. Justice Ridley and Mr. Justice Channell.
Election petition.
The first day of the petition concerned fourteen votes which were disputed by either side. On the first scrutiny of the votes, St Maur's majority of four votes was eliminated, placing the candidates level. Then St Maur went ahead again by two votes, only to fall back to level pegging again. However, Henry Duke's lawyers established a case of personation, which gave Duke a lead of one vote at the end of the first day.
On the second day, two of Duke's votes were disallowed, putting St. Maur back into the lead by one vote. The third and fourth days were taken up with evidence regarding voters being paid for bill-distribution. On the fifth day, the Judges struck five votes off St. Maur's total, putting Duke ahead by four votes, although Mr. Justice Channell said if he had been hearing the case alone he would not have disallowed so many. On the other hand he opined that if Mr. Justice Ridley had been acting alone he would have disallowed more.
On the sixth day two of Duke's votes were disallowed, on the grounds that the voter had been paid to distribute cards, or in the latter case the voter's son had been paid to run messages on polling day. A further two votes in Duke's column were disallowed when it was proved in Court that the voters were underage. Thus at the end of the sixth day the candidates were level again on 4,777 votes apiece.
On the seventh day, the Court heard evidence that a man named Pannell or Purnell had been paid five shillings by the Liberals to act as a tally clerk. The Judges disallowed this vote, and since St. Maur's lawyers had indicated no further challenges, Henry Duke was declared elected by a single vote.
Later career.
St Maur served in the First World War, at Gallipoli, then in the campaign against the Senussi, and finally as liaison officer between Lord Allenby and the French Forces. For this work he was awarded the Legion of Honour and the Croix de Guerre with palms. He was Master of the South Devon Hounds for many years.
Peerage claim.
In 1925, after the death of the 15th Duke of Somerset, St. Maur petitioned the House of Lords Committee for Privileges to safeguard his claim to the Dukedom, in the hope that he might find proof that his parents were married before his birth. On the death of his grandfather the 12th Duke in 1885, St Maur had been presumed to be illegitimate, and the Dukedom eventually passed to a distant branch of the family. He also placed advertisements in newspapers, offering a £50 reward for any witness to his parents' marriage.
Death.
St Maur died at Kipipili, Gilgil, Kenya, in 1927, aged 57.
See also.
List of United Kingdom MPs with the shortest service

</doc>
<doc id="19582865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582865" title="Gunn Report">
Gunn Report

The Gunn Report and Showreel of the Year is an annual publication detailing the most successful print and television advertising campaigns of the year. It is authored by Donald Gunn and Emma Wilkie. The first Report was published in 1999, and has since grown to be one of the most authoritative analyses of advertising campaigns worldwide, with findings republished in both industry journals (e.g. "Advertising Age", "Campaign") and mainstream newspapers ("The Guardian", among others.)
The winners of Gunn Report are included into ABC Show

</doc>
<doc id="19582884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582884" title="Donald Geman">
Donald Geman

Donald Geman (born September 20, 1943) is an American applied mathematician and a leading researcher in the field of machine learning and pattern recognition. He and his brother, Stuart Geman, are very well known for proposing the Gibbs sampler and for the first proof of the convergence of the simulated annealing algorithm, in an article that became a highly cited reference in engineering (over 14K citations according to Google Scholar, as of July 2013 ). He is a Professor at the Johns Hopkins University and simultaneously a visiting professor at École Normale Supérieure de Cachan.
Biography.
Geman was born in Chicago in 1943.  He graduated from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1965 with a B.A. degree in English Literature and from Northwestern University in 1970 with a Ph.D. in Mathematics. His dissertation was entitled as "Horizontal-window conditioning and the zeros of stationary processes." He joined University of Massachusetts - Amherst in 1970, where he retired as a distinguished professor in 2001. Thereafter, he became a professor at the Department of Applied Mathematics at Johns Hopkins University. He has also been a visiting professor at the École Normale Supérieure de Cachan since 2001. He is a Fellow of both the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
Work.
D. Geman and J. Horowitz published a series of papers during the late 1970s on local times and occupation densities of stochastic processes. A survey of this work and other related problems can be found in the Annals of Probability. In 1984 with his brother Stuart, he published a milestone paper which is still today one of the most cited papers in the engineering literature. It introduces a Bayesian paradigm using Markov Random Fields for the analysis of images. This approach has been highly influential over the last 20 years and remains a rare tour de force in this rapidly evolving field. In another milestone paper, in collaboration with Y. Amit, he introduced the notion for randomized decision trees, which have been called random forests and popularized by Leo Breiman. Some of his recent works include the introduction of "coarse-to-fine" hierarchical cascades for object detection in computer vision and the TSP (Top Scoring Pairs) classifier as a simple and robust rule for classifiers trained on "high dimensional small sample" datasets in bioinformatics.

</doc>
<doc id="19582951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582951" title="Kent County Sheriff's Office (Maryland)">
Kent County Sheriff's Office (Maryland)

The Kent County Sheriff's Office (KCSO) is the primary law enforcement agency servicing a population of 19,983 people within of jurisdiction within Kent County located on Maryland's eastern shore.
History.
The KCSO was created in 1648 with Henry Morgan appointed as the first sheriff.
Organization.
Nationally accredited by the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, the KCSO is full-service organization. The current sheriff of the KCSO is John F. Price IV. The agency is sub-divided into six units:

</doc>
<doc id="19582970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582970" title="Mikio Sasaki">
Mikio Sasaki

In 1960, Sasaki graduated from Waseda University with a bachelor's degree in industrial engineering and management. That April he went to work for Mitsubishi Corporation where he stayed ever since. From 1993 to 1994 he was president of the American subsidiary Mitsubishi International Corp. in New York City. In 1994 he became a managing director in Japan, and the next year he became overall managing director of administration. In 1998 he became president and chief executive officer, and in 2004 he became chairman of the board.
On 13 June 2008, Sasaki was elected as a director of the International Chamber of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="19583017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583017" title="2008 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship">
2008 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship

The 2008 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship was a tournament of 48 teams from NCAA Division I who played for the NCAA Championship in soccer. The College Cup for the final four teams was held at Pizza Hut Park in Frisco, Texas. All the other games were played at the home field of the higher-seeded team. The final was held on December 14, 2008.
The bracket was announced November 17, 2008. The tournament started on November 21. The first round was played on November 21 and 22, and the second round on the 25th and 26th. The third round was played on November 29 and 30. The Regional Finals were played on December 6. Maryland won the 2008 College Cup, beating North Carolina 1-0 in the finals. This was Maryland's third College Cup and second since 2005. 
Goal scorers.
Bold indicates player's team played in the final
<br>
<br>
4 Goals
<br>
<br>
Andrew Wiedeman- California<br>
<br>
3 Goals
<br>
<br>
Graham Zusi- Maryland<br>
Sverre Wegge Gundhus- St. John's<br>
Chris Leer- UC Davis<br>
Nirav Kadam- UNC Greensboro<br>
Cody Arnoux- Wake Forest<br>
Zack Schilawski- Wake Forest<br>
<br>
2 Goals
<br>
<br>
Tony Cascio- Connecticut<br>
Seth Sinovic- Creighton<br>
John Mellencamp- Indiana<br>
Kirk Urso- North Carolina<br>
Oliver Kupe- Northwestern<br>
Irving Garcia- UC Irvine<br>
Zak Boggs- South Florida<br>
Joel Gustafsson- St. John's<br>
Sam Cronin- Wake Forest<br>
Andrew Hoxie- William and Mary<br>
<br>
1 Goal
<br>
<br>
Matt Tutich- Akron<br>
Shawn Chin- Boston College<br>
Edvin Worley- Boston College<br>
Jin Oh- Boston University<br>
Chris Deal- California<br>
Demitrius Omphroy- California<br>
Davis Paul- California<br>
Ryan Anderson- Cal Poly<br>
Dori Arad- Connecticut<br>
Andrei Gotsmanov- Creighton<br>
Chris Schuler- Creighton<br>
Eber Martinez- George Mason<br>
Andre Akpan- Harvard<br>
John Stamatis- Harvard<br>
Baggio Husidic- Illinois-Chicago<br>
Matt Spiess- Illinois-Chicago<br>
Andy Adlard- Indiana<br>
Eric Alexander- Indiana<br>
Kevin Alston- Indiana<br>
Brad Ring- Indiana<br>
Ofori Sarkodie- Indiana<br>
Nedim Hrustric- Jacksonville<br>
Ramak Safi- Jacksonville<br>
Stefan Runeman- Jacksonville<br>
Tony Taylor- Jacksonville<br>
Aaron Clapham- Louisville<br>
Zachary Hernan- Louisville<br>
Ryan McDonald- Louisville<br>
Phil Bannister- Loyola (Md.)<br>
Jeremy Hall- Maryland<br>
Omar Gonzalez- Maryland<br>
Casey Townsend- Maryland<br>
Rodney Wallace- Maryland<br>
Peri Marosevic- Michigan<br>
Jake Stacy- Michigan<br>
Michael Callahan- North Carolina<br>
Garry Lewis- North Carolina<br>
Billy Schuler- North Carolina<br>
Brian Shriver- North Carolina<br>
Geoff Fallon- Northwestern<br>
Jack Traynor- Notre Dame<br>
Jordan Seabrook- South Florida<br>
Nelson Becerra- St. John's<br>
Tafadzwa Chiduku- St. John's<br>
Kyle Hayes- St. Louis<br>
Austin Neil- Tulsa<br>
Jose Parada- Tulsa<br>
Sule Anibaba- UC Davis<br>
Lance Patterson- UC Davis<br>
Irving Garcia- UC Irvine<br>
Rafael Macedo- UC Irvine<br>
Amani Walker- UC Irvine<br>
Martin Hedevag- UC Santa Barbara<br>
Michael Tetteh- UC Santa Barbara<br>
Tebatso Manyama- UNC Greensboro<br>
Corey Maret- UNC Greensboro<br>
Lyle Adams- Wake Forest<br>
Corben Bone- Wake Forest<br>
Jamie Franks- Wake Forest<br>
Luke Norman- Wake Forest<br>
Marcus Tracy- Wake Forest<br>
Alan Koger- William and Mary<br>
Rafael Araujo- Winthrop

</doc>
<doc id="19583030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583030" title="Prometheus (volcano)">
Prometheus (volcano)

Prometheus is an active volcano on Jupiter's moon Io. It is located on Io's hemisphere facing away from Jupiter at . Prometheus consists of a -wide volcanic pit named Prometheus Patera and a -long compound lava flow, all surrounded by reddish sulfur and circular, bright sulfur dioxide volcanic plume deposits. The volcano was first observed in images acquired by the "Voyager 1" spacecraft in March 1979. Later that year, the International Astronomical Union named this feature after a Greek fire god, Prometheus.
Prometheus is the site of a volcanic eruption that has been ongoing since at least the "Voyager 1" encounter in 1979. Between the Voyager encounters and the first observations by "Galileo", a flow field was emplaced. Later "Galileo" observations of this flow field revealed numerous small breakouts, particularly on the western end of the flow field.
Prometheus is the site of two volcanic eruption plumes: a small, sulfur-rich plume erupting from the magma-source vent at the eastern end of the flow field and a -tall, -rich dust plume erupting from the active flow front at the other end. The former forms a diffuse, red deposit to the east of the Prometheus flow field. The latter forms a bright, circular deposit surrounding the entire volcano and lava flow. The -rich plume is generated as lava at the western end of the flow field covers sulfur dioxide frost, heating and vaporizing it. This is accomplished at multiple breakouts, generating gas and dust for the visible dust plume. Prometheus' plume has been observed by both "Voyager" spacecraft, "Galileo", and "New Horizons", at every appropriate imaging opportunity.

</doc>
<doc id="19583036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583036" title="Kid Cudi">
Kid Cudi

Scott Mescudi (born January 30, 1984), better known by his stage name Kid Cudi ( , often stylized KiD CuDi), is an American hip-hop recording artist and actor from Cleveland, Ohio. After moving to Brooklyn, New York, with aspirations of becoming a rapper, Cudi initially gained recognition after the release of his first official full-length project, a mixtape titled "A Kid Named Cudi", which he released in 2008. The mixtape caught the attention of American record executive and rapper-producer Kanye West, who subsequently signed Cudi to his GOOD Music label, in late 2008. Cudi's association with West and the GOOD Music label, as well as his breakout single "Day 'n' Nite", led him to prominence. Cudi, who is also a singer-songwriter, guitarist and record producer, is currently signed under Republic Records, as well as his own record label imprint, Wicked Awesome Records.
In 2009, Cudi's debut single "Day 'n' Nite", reached the top five of the "Billboard" charts. "Day 'n' Nite" was included on the mixtape as well as Cudi's debut studio album ' (2009), which was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). "The End of Day" also features the singles "Make Her Say" and "Pursuit of Happiness", both of which fared well on several music charts. In 2010, Cudi released his second studio album and the sequel to his first, '. The sequel was preceded by the release of two singles "Erase Me" and "Mr. Rager", which were both released to moderate success, with "Erase Me" peaking at #22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The album itself peaked at #3 on the "Billboard" 200, surpassing its predecessor in both sales and peak position. Very much like his debut, "The Legend of Mr. Rager" also went on to be certified Gold by the RIAA. In April 2013, Cudi released "Indicud", his third studio album. The album, primarily produced by Cudi himself, peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, becoming Cudi's highest-charting album on several charts as well as that one. The album spawned the singles "Just What I Am", "Immortal" and "Girls". In February 2014, Cudi released his fourth album "", exclusively to digital retailers.
In 2009, Cudi had teamed up with American record producers Plain Pat and Emile Haynie, to launch their record label imprint entitled Dream On, in partnership with Universal Motown and Kanye West's GOOD Music. In October 2010, Cudi announced that he was teaching himself how to play the guitar and that he would be forming a rock band, now known as WZRD, with his longtime friend and frequent collaborator Dot da Genius. In February 2011, Cudi announced the Dream On record label had been dissolved due to creative differences. Later in April 2011, while performing at New York City’s Roseland Ballroom, Cudi announced he was launching a label on his own, Wicked Awesome Records. WZRD ultimately released their eponymous debut album on February 28, 2012, under Wicked Awesome and Republic. The album debuted at #3 on the "Billboard" 200 and at #1 on both the Top Rock Albums and Top Alternative Albums charts. In 2013, Cudi announced his departure from GOOD Music, to focus on Wicked Awesome Records; he left on good terms and is still heavily associated with the label, appearing on West's sixth album "Yeezus", later that year.
Kid Cudi has sold over 5.2 million digital singles and has worked with artists such as Kanye West, Jay-Z, Common, Mary J. Blige, David Guetta, Shakira, MGMT, Ratatat, Snoop Dogg and Michael Bolton. With his originality and creativity, as well as the emotion he conveys in his music, Cudi has amassed a large cult-like following among high school students, college students and stoners alike. In 2010, Cudi starred in the HBO series "How to Make It in America", as part of the main cast, until its cancellation in 2011. He has also starred in two short films "Maniac" (2011) and "Cruel Summer" (2012), directed by Shia LaBeouf and Kanye West, respectively. Kid Cudi is set to appear in the upcoming 2014 "Need for Speed" film, and has also made appearances on television shows such as "One Tree Hill", "The Cleveland Show" and the Fox comedy series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine".
Early life.
Kid Cudi was born in Cleveland, Ohio, and grew up in Shaker Heights and Solon. He is the youngest of four children, with two brothers, Domingo and Dean, and a sister, Maisha. His father, a house painter, substitute teacher and World War II Air Force veteran, was Mexican-Native American, while his mother, a middle-school choir teacher at Roxboro Middle School, in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, is African-American.
When he was eleven years old, Cudi's father died of cancer; his passing would have a significant effect on Cudi's personality and subsequently his music. Cudi attended Shaker Heights High School for two years before transferring to Solon High School. He was expelled from the school for threatening to punch his principal and would later earn his GED. Cudi studied film at the University of Toledo, dropping out after a year; he was determined to join the US Navy but was denied due to his juvenile police record.
Music career.
2003–2008: Beginnings in New York.
Cudi first began rapping towards the end of his high school career, inspired by alternative hip hop groups such as The Pharcyde and A Tribe Called Quest. He moved to Brooklyn in New York City to pursue a music career. Upon his arrival, he stayed with his uncle:"I was working at this restaurant in Cleveland. There was this white dude in his 40s who was cool as shit and would tell me, "You’re funny and people like you. You need to move the fuck out of Ohio and just do this." My uncle told me I could come out there and stay with him in the South Bronx until I got on my feet. I’d never met him; this was my father’s older brother, the last of my father’s siblings, so I wanted to make that connection anyway. I moved in 2004 with my little demo and maybe $500."
Shortly after he moved from Cleveland, a BAPE store opened up in the city, where he later applied for a job: "I discovered what BAPE was when I moved to NY, the store opened up shortly after I moved from Cleveland. I was always a fan of the brand but it just wasn’t something I could afford back then. I remember working there my first couple of weeks in the same uniform cause I didn’t own anything prior to being hired. So it was a dream come true to be able to work at the store I dreamed of shopping in one day. Over a couple of years I might have applied at the store 3 or 4 times before the last attempt that got me hired. I fell in love with BAPE because of their color selection and artwork. I love the style of their cartoons." While working there Cudi met future mentor Kanye West, for the first time after forgetting to remove an anti-theft device from a jacket West had purchased.
His uncle later kicked him out, leading to his writing "Day 'n' Nite": "My uncle that I lived with passed in 2006. We were actually beefing because he forced me out the house when I didn’t have another situation set up, so I was bitter. I never apologized for it, and that kills me. That’s why I wrote "Day 'n' Nite." If he wasn’t there to let me stay with him those first few months, there would be no Kid Cudi. It fucked me up watching him go, but it was like, "I have to fulfill this destiny now for sure." Things were moving but they weren’t solidified yet. I had "Day ’n’ Nite," we were just getting started, and I was like, "This shit has got to pop off." I wasn’t taking no for an answer."
In July 2008, Kid Cudi released his first mixtape, "A Kid Named Cudi", in collaboration with New York street-wear brand 10.Deep as a free download. The mixtape caught the attention of Kanye West, whose then-manager Plain Pat, had introduced Cudi's music to him, subsequently leading West to sign Cudi to his GOOD Music imprint later that year.
Kanye West first called upon Cudi to reference hooks for American rapper and mogul Jay-Z, and while in the studio Cudi and West went from working on "The Blueprint 3" (2009) to "808s & Heartbreak" (2008). Cudi’s assistance on the latter includes co-writing credits on "Heartless," "Welcome to Heartbreak," "Paranoid," and "RoboCop." West later stated that he and Cudi were "the originators of the style, kinda like what Alexander McQueen is to fashion…. Everything else is just Zara and H&M." Kid Cudi was a prominent songwriter and featured artist on "808s & Heartbreak", with "Paranoid" and "Heartless" being released as singles, while "Welcome to Heartbreak" peaked at #87 on the Pop 100. 
Cudi was promoted as an artist to watch for in media such as "Rolling Stone", "Vibe", "The Source", "XXL" and BBC News's 2009 Sound of poll. MTV News reported on Cudi on a series of reports "MCs To Watch In 2009". His first television appearance was at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards, alongside Travis Barker and DJ AM.
2009–2010: "Man on the Moon" series.
In late 2008, Cudi was revealed to be included in "XXLs 2009 annual Freshman Class. He was featured on the cover alongside fellow up-and-coming rappers Asher Roth, Wale, B.o.B, Charles Hamilton, Cory Gunz, Blu, Mickey Factz, Ace Hood and Curren$y. On February 17, 2009, he appeared on Snoop Dogg's MTV talk show "Dogg After Dark", performing "Day 'n' Nite" at the end of the show. Two days later on February 19, 2009, Cudi appeared on BET's "106 & Park", alongside Kanye West to debut the music video of "Day 'n' Nite". On February 25, 2009, Cudi self-leaked a teaser trailer for the upcoming ' film, using his song "Sky Might Fall" in the background; later he posted that he made the trailer himself and was in talks to possibly making it official.
In February 2009, Kid Cudi also made a cameo appearance next to Solange, in the video for her song "T.O.N.Y.". On March 16, 2009, Kid Cudi performed on mtvU's Spring Break special, and the following day he performed three songs on NBC's "Last Call with Carson Daly". Cudi teamed up with partner and record producer Emile Haynie, to produce an exclusive single titled "Switchin Lanes", for the video game "", part of its "South Central Premium Upgrade" downloadable content (DLC), which came out March 19, 2009, for the PlayStation 3 and March 27, 2009, for the Xbox 360. He has also appeared as a musical guest on the "Late Show with David Letterman" and "Jimmy Kimmel Live!". In June 2009, he made a cameo in The Black Eyed Peas' video for "I Gotta Feeling", alongside David Guetta, where the two met for the first time and subsequently recorded their international hit "Memories". In 2009, he had also been on two magazine covers, "Complex" (August/September 2009) and "URB" (August 2009). Japanese clothing company Bape, awarded Cudi his own t-shirt in September 2009, in reward for his music and past employment there when living in New York City.
He revealed information about his future plans via his blog, saying that a possible collaborative album with Chip tha Ripper could be followed with a collaborative project with electrorock duo Ratatat. On May 5, 2009 Iranian-American progressive house DJ Sharam, released "She Came Along", the lead single from his debut studio album, "Get Wild" (2009). The song, featuring Cudi, charted for 15 weeks on the Bulgaria Singles Top 40. It entered the chart on position 40 on week 30/2009, and its last appearance was on week 44/2009. It peaked at number 11, where it stayed for 1 week.
During the summer of 2009, Cudi joined fellow up-and-coming rappers Asher Roth and B.o.B, for 'The Great Hangover' concert tour.
In late 2009, Kid Cudi was featured on the highly anticipated Jay-Z album "The Blueprint 3", on the song "Already Home".
Cudi's debut album "", was released on Universal Motown Records on September 15, 2009 and sold 104,419 copies in the first week and charted at #4. The album's lead single "Day 'n' Nite", Kid Cudi's greatest commercial success thus far, charted well in both the U.S. and in Europe. The second single released was "Make Her Say" (originally titled "I Poke Her Face"), which features a sample from Lady Gaga's hit single "Poker Face" and performances by Kanye West and Common. Common was also featured throughout the album, as the narrator.
In a late 2009 interview, Cudi announced that the follow-up to his debut album would be a compilation album entitled "Cudder and the Revolution of Evolution", which would have many collaborations. He stated he had already recorded songs with Snoop Dogg, Travis Barker, Clipse, Cage and Pharrell, and would also like to work with Drake, Green Day, Kings of Leon, Robin Thicke, The Killers and The Postal Service on the album. It was also rumored that "Man on the Moon: The End of Day" would be followed up by a sequel titled "Man on the Moon: The Ghost in the Machine" and that the "Man on the Moon" series would be a trilogy. Kid Cudi was nominated for three 2010 Grammy Awards, for his singles "Day 'n' Nite" and "Make Her Say".
In 2010, Kid Cudi was featured on Snoop Dogg's re-release of "Malice n Wonderland", "More Malice", on the lead single "That Tree". Cudi also teamed up with independent artist Johnny Polygon, to remix Polygon's "The Riot Song", which appears on his mixtape "Rebel Without Applause" (2010). On April 20, 2010, Kid Cudi announced that the name of his second album would not be "Cudder and the Revolution of Evolution", but "". On June 11, 2010, Kid Cudi was arrested in the Chelsea neighborhood of the Manhattan borough in New York City and charged with felony criminal mischief and possession of a controlled substance. Despite his arrest, he was released and made it to Manchester, Tennessee in time to play at Bonnaroo.
The lead single from Cudi's second studio album, titled "Erase Me", features Kanye West and was produced by Jim Jonsin. The song debuted on a Cleveland radio station June 30, 2010, and was officially released to Rhythm/Crossover radio on August 17, 2010. The title-track "Mr. Rager", was released as a promotional single shortly before the album's release. The album, released November 9, 2010, debuted at number three on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, with first-week sales of 169,000 copies. In its second week it crossed the 200,000 sales mark.
In 2010, Kid Cudi appeared on several songs for Kanye West's weekly free music giveaway "GOOD Fridays", including "Good Friday", "Christian Dior Denim Flow" and "The Joy", the latter of which later became a bonus track on the Jay-Z and Kanye West collaborative album "Watch the Throne" (2011).
2011–2012: New direction and WZRD.
In October 2010, Cudi had announced that he would be forming a rock band with frequent collaborator Dot da Genius, tentatively called Wizard. In early 2011, he announced that he would be releasing a mixtape titled "A Man Named Scott", reminiscent of his "A Kid Named Cudi" title, prior to the rock album. On February 26, 2011, Cudi took to his Twitter account to announce that Dream On, the record label he launched back in 2009 with partners Patrick “Plain Pat” Reynolds and producer Emile Haynie, has been dissolved. However in an interview with "Complex Magazine" Cudi explained they were all still on good terms: "I wanted to try something new, and I wanted to take control of things myself. Those are still my guys, Pat and Emile, and I'm still going to work with them in the future. When we start working on "Man on the Moon III" I’ll be calling them up to see if they want to be a part of it. I know Emile is definitely down. We had an issue, but we’re men and we were able to figure it out and move forward. There’s no hard feelings."
In March 2011, Cudi announced that a music video for "Marijuana" would be released in the spring, followed by a music video for "Mr. Rager" in the summer, then he would release a short film, directed by Shia LaBeouf, inspired by his song "Maniac", with Cage, in October 2011. In April 2011, while performing at New York City’s Roseland Ballroom Kid Cudi announced he was launching his own record label. The new label, which he will be releasing his third studio album on is called Wicked Awesome Records. He also renamed his band on the same occasion to 2 Be Continuum, renaming it from the original Wizard. Kid Cudi explained his reasoning saying: "I needed something more original, something different, but it’s still wizardry at its finest."
On August 12, 2011, Kid Cudi released the music video for "No One Believes Me", directed by Fright Night director Craig Gillespie. The song, produced by Dot da Genius, features Cudi singing and contains elements of rock music. On August 21, Cudi announced that he would no longer be releasing the "A Man Named Scott" mixtape, so that he can focus on his rock project and his third solo album "Man on the Moon III". Kid Cudi released the music video for his second album's title-track "Mr. Rager", on September 8, 2011. The video has received all-positive reviews from critics and fans alike.
Despite saying he will not do many more features for other artists in "Complex Magazine"'s October/November 2011 cover story, Cudi appeared on Bryan Greenberg's second studio album "We Don't Have Forever" (2011), Travis Barker's "Give the Drummer Some" (2011), The Knux's "Eraser" (2011), and Wale's "Ambition" (2011), respectively. On October 30, 2011, Cudi released "MANIAC", a short horror film co-starring Cage and directed by Shia LaBeouf, through his blog. On November 13, 2011, a previously unreleased mixtape of material Cudi had recorded from 2002-2003, under the pseudonym Kid Mescudi, titled "Rap Hard" leaked online. On November 18, 2011 Cudi renamed his band for the second time to WZRD (pronounced W-Z-R-D). He also announced that the upcoming rock project would be released on his 28th birthday, January 30, 2012.
In late 2011, Cudi was mentioned in a viral video by vlogger Ben Breedlove, about his near death experiences. After Breedlove's death on December 26, 2011, Cudi commented on his thoughts about inspiring the young kid. "I am so sad about Ben Breedlove," Kid Cudi wrote on his Tumblr blog. "I watched the video he left for the world to see, and him seeing me in detail, in his vision really warmed my heart. I broke down, I am to tears because I hate how life is so unfair. This has really touched my heart in a way I cant describe, this is why I do what I do. Why I write my life, and why I love you all so much. Life is really f---- up sometimes, but I know Ben is at Peace, and I hope he gets a chance to sit and talk with my Dad. We love you Ben. Forever. Thank you for loving me. To Ben’s family, you raised a real hero, he’s definitely mine. You have my love."
In January 2012, Cudi appeared on two songs from Chip tha Ripper's mixtape "Tell Ya Friends", "Ride 4 You" which also featured Far East Movement and "GloryUs", which credited the duo as they are collectively known, The Almighty GloryUs. This led to speculation that a long-awaited project from the two was underway. On January 31, Cudi announced through his Twitter feed that he had completed "WZRD" and that his next album was the collaborative effort with Chip tha Ripper. In 2012, Cudi was featured on the "The Hunger Games", crafting an original song for the film titled "The Ruler and the Killer". Referring to "The Ruler and the Killer", Cudi wrote on his Twitter feed: "I could not have done it without my producing partners on the project for the film, The legendary and Godly T Bone Burnett and Greg Wells!".
While working on the band's self-titled debut, Cudi claims he had writer's block for almost 5 months because of his new sobriety; something that had never happened to him for such an extended period of time. According to Kid Cudi, bands that inspired the album include Electric Light Orchestra, Jimi Hendrix, Nirvana and Pink Floyd. The album includes a song titled "Where Did You Sleep Last Night?", a cover of the same titled song by Nirvana, who in turn were inspired by blues guitar legend Lead Belly's rendition of the traditional folk song. Following "WZRD"'s release on February 28, 2012, the album debuted at #3 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, with first-week sales of 66,000 physical and digital copies in the United States. The album also debuted on the Top Rock Albums and Top Alternative Albums at number one, and at #9 on the Canadian Albums Chart respectively.
2012–present: "Indicud" and "Satellite Flight: The Journey to Mother Moon".
In April 2012, in Geneseo, New York, Cudi performed before a sold out crowd and premiered a hip hop song, his first since 2010. During his set, he performed a new record, tentatively titled "The Leader of the Delinquents", which he did a cappella. On April 25, 2012 Cudi was officially back to rapping with the release of "Dennis, Hook Me Up with Some More of That Whiskey!". The song, the first ever solely produced by Cudi himself, samples his 2010 song "Ghost!". In June 2012, Cudi was seen in the music video for "Mercy," the lead single from GOOD Music's compilation album "Cruel Summer", in which he, along with other GOOD Music recording artists were featured on. Cudi was ultimately featured on two songs from the compilation, "The Morning" and a solo track originally meant for "" (2010), titled "Creepers", produced by Dan Black.
In the summer of 2012, Cudi announced the title of his third studio album to be, "Indicud" when he tweeted: "My new album is entitled "indicud", it will be my version of "The Chronic 2001", some songs i'll produce, others i'll feat &/or play songwriter". On June 8, 2012, Cudi announced "Indicud", will be a double-disc album. On August 12, Kid Cudi released the lead single from "Indicud", a song titled "Just What I Am", featuring his friend and longtime collaborator King Chip (formerly Chip tha Ripper). The album was announced to be released in early 2013 with Cudi focusing on scoring movies, followed by the third installment of the "Man on the Moon" series. Cudi then added that "Indicud" "will feature more uptempos and that it will consist of at most 17 new songs." The music video for "Just What I Am", which marked Cudi's directorial debut, premiered November 6, 2012 on VEVO and was shot in Los Angeles with fans invited to participate in the video’s shoot. On November 7, he revealed the album's second official single's title to be "Immortal", and that it again was produced by himself like the two previous releases, "Just What I Am" and "King Wizard". He claimed the song "will make you feel amazing in the heart and soul." The song was officially released via iTunes on March 14, 2013.
On March 14, 2013 Kid Cudi performed at MySpace’s South by Southwest (SXSW) secret show in Austin, Texas and after performing his many hits, he previewed a new verse from "Indicud". He also revealed that the album would feature 18 tracks, while officially confirming ASAP Rocky and Michael Bolton as featured guests. On March 16, Cudi announced that he would release the album's tracklist and cover art on April 2. Three days later, Kid Cudi announced via Twitter that the album had officially been completed and turned in to his label, Universal Republic. On March 26, the album's cover art and tracklist was unveiled by Walmart and later Complex. Later that day, Cudi appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" and performed the album's lead singles; "Just What I Am" and "Immortal", as well as premiering "Mad Solar", which he performed a cappella.
On April 2, 2013, Kid Cudi announced on Power 106, that he was no longer under Kanye West's GOOD Music imprint. Cudi revealed he left, the label on good terms, with him saying West respected his decision and will always be "big brother". Cudi also stated he knew about this for six months, saying he made the decision to tell West after speaking with Jay-Z on the matter. Cudi's decision to move forward without West, was his desire to focus on his own imprint, Wicked Awesome Records and his friend, fellow rapper King Chip. After "Indicud" leaked online in its entirety on April 9, 2013, Kid Cudi decided to push the album's release date up to April 16. The album went on to debut at #2 on the charts by moving 140,000 copies. In late 2013, Kid Cudi went on tour in support of "Indicud" on "The Cud Life Tour 2013". The tour was announced on July 15 with tickets going on sale the following day. Supporting acts on the tour included fellow American rappers Big Sean, Tyler, The Creator and Logic.
While on tour, on October 16, 2013 Kid Cudi announced he would be releasing an extended play (EP), sometime in the next three months. Cudi also revealed he would be producing it alongside Dot da Genius and that frequent collaborator King Chip, would appear on EP. He then called the EP a prelude to his fourth album "Man on the Moon III", which he announced would be released in 2015. On October 19, 2013, Cudi revealed "Going to the Ceremony", a song he had released via online audio distribution platform SoundCloud, earlier in July, would be included in the EP. Cudi would also go on to reveal a remix of his hit single "Day 'n' Nite, which was briefly previewed on the intro of his 2008 breakout mixtape "A Kid Named Cudi", would also appear on the EP. On November 25, 2013, via his Twitter, Cudi revealed the title of the EP to be "". On December 16, 2013, Kid Cudi once again utilized SoundCloud to release "Satellite Flight", the EP's title-track. On January 27, 2014, Kid Cudi revealed on Twitter that "Satellite Flight: Journey to Mother Moon" would no longer be an EP, but a full-length album instead. In a February 2014 interview with MTV News, Cudi discussed the EP's transition to a full-fledged album and called the project his best work yet: "I'm really excited because it's my best work, and it's a surprise. People weren't really expecting it. I've never done two albums within a year of each other."
Acting career.
In 2010, Kid Cudi made a guest appearance on American television drama "One Tree Hill", starring as himself and performing his "Man on the Moon II" single "Erase Me", on the show. In 2010, Kid Cudi also began starring in the HBO comedy series "How to Make It in America", as part of the main cast, being credited by his birth name Scott Mescudi, until its cancellation after 2 seasons. On October 31, 2010, Kid Cudi released a short film, directed by Shia LeBeouf, in which he and fellow American rapper Cage, star in as French-speaking serial killers. The short film, titled "Maniac", was inspired by Cudi's song of the same name, from his 2010 album "Man on the Moon II" and is an homage to the 1992 Belgian black comedy crime mockumentary "Man Bites Dog". In May 2012, Kanye West premiered a short film, which West directed, at the Cannes Film Festival. According to MTV, Kid Cudi is the lead character, playing a "car thief who falls for a blind Arabian princess." The film was shown on seven different screens that turned on and off, giving various angles of each shot. In October 2012, it was announced Cudi would star in an indie romantic comedy titled "Two Night Stand", alongside Analeigh Tipton and Miles Teller. Also in 2012, it was revealed Cudi would also star in an indie thriller film titled "Tacoma", alongside Patricia Clarkson. In 2013, Cudi guest starred in the animated TV series "The Cleveland Show", voicing a character named Devon, in the Season 4 episode "Brownsized". In 2013, he also guest starred on the comedy television series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine", where he played a criminal named Dustin Whitman. In 2013, it was revealed Cudi would then star in "Goodbye World", alongside Adrian Grenier.
Personal life.
Kid Cudi is lactose intolerant. In 2009, Cudi began dating model and environmentalist Jamie Baratta. They were in an on-again, off-again relationship, and were a prevalent couple in the music industry. They ultimately broke up in 2012, but not before Cudi dedicated a song to her titled "Teleport 2 Me, Jamie", which he recorded with his rock band WZRD.
On March 26, 2010, Cudi's daughter, Vada Wamwene Mescudi, was born. Throughout 2012, Cudi was in a quiet but bitter custody battle with the mother of the child. Reports surfaced that Cudi gave up custody after his child's mother accused him of being an absentee father, as well as having violent tendencies and a "long history of consistent drug and alcohol abuse." These claims were disputed by Cudi and his attorney in a statement, which noted: Cudi did not give up custody but reached an amicable agreement with the mother; that "both parents are fit and proper persons to have custody of their child," as stated in the final custody judgement; results came back negative for drugs in a drug test voluntarily taken by Cudi; and that the court acknowledged Cudi attempted to establish a relationship and visit his child since her birth and "voluntary provided financial support, including child support, rent and other monthly payments, for his daughter since her birth until the time that a child support order was entered as part of the normal course of the case." Details of the official custody agreement remain private. Cudi has since purchased a property in Chicago to be close to his daughter.
In a 2013 interview, Cudi revealed that he had stopped smoking marijuana 2 years earlier, both for the sake of his child, and due to frustration with constantly being associated with the drug and stoner culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19583045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583045" title="Dark End of the Street (album)">
Dark End of the Street (album)

Dark End of the Street is an EP album by American singer/songwriter Chan Marshall, also known as Cat Power. It was released on December 9, 2008 on Matador Records.
"Dark End of the Street" was released both digitally and on a limited edition double 10". It contains six songs originally by Brendan Behan, James Carr, Sandy Denny, Creedence Clearwater Revival, Otis Redding, and Aretha Franklin, which were recorded during Cat Power's "Jukebox" sessions. Among the six are four previously unpublished tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19583052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583052" title="The Gift (Australian children's TV series)">
The Gift (Australian children's TV series)

The Gift is an Australian children's television series that first screened on the Nine Network Australia in 1997. It featured 26 half-hour episodes produced by Barron Television. 
Synopsis.
The Gift is passed on from one person to the next and gives the carrier the power to do anything they dream. When the Gift carrier discovers the Gift's true potential they have to pass it on to someone else. 

</doc>
<doc id="19583085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583085" title="Swimming ACT">
Swimming ACT

Swimming ACT is as district of NSW Swimming. It is the peak body of the sport of competitive swimming in the Australian Capital Territory and administers the sport on behalf of its affiliated clubs. Like all districts of NSW Swimming, its own ACT Championships; but unlike many other districts in NSW these are open to teams and competitors from outside the district. 
ACT Swimming awards an annual "Presidents Trophy" at the conclusion of the summer championships. The winner is determined by the overall rankings of the clubs in the Men's, Women's, Relay and Development Championships. This has been won for the last several years by the Tuggeranong Vikings swimming club [http://www.vikingsswim.org/].
As members of NSW Swimming, members of clubs affiliated with ACT Swimming compete in the NSW Championships. Swimming ACT is constituted by 10 swimming clubs which are all registered with Swimming NSW and Swimming Australia, two of these clubs (Goulburn and Queanbeyan [http://www.queanbeyanleaguesswimmingclub.websyte.com.au/)] are not geographically within the ACT but are affiliated with ACT Swimming. In this regard ACT Swimming is much like ACTAFL and ACT Rugby union in that the area covered geographically extends across state borders.
Clubs.
Swimming ACT's registered swimming clubs include:

</doc>
<doc id="19583137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583137" title="Center for Investigative Reporting (Bosnia and Herzegovina)">
Center for Investigative Reporting (Bosnia and Herzegovina)

The Center for Investigative Reporting is a non-profit investigative center that writes about problems in Bosnia and Herzegovina especially and organized crime. It is based in Sarajevo but covers much of the Balkan region. Its stories appear in local media including Oslobođenje, Vecernji list, EuroBlic, Dnevni Avaz, Start Magazin, and other publications. It also operates an online publication called "Izvor" or The Source and distributes an English language newsletter.
CIN was formed in 2004 under a grant by USAID and is funded by various government and non-profit sources as well as some commercial revenues. CIN stories use international standards for investigative reporting and it tries to avoid unnamed sources and other practices common in regional media. CIN stories are rigorously fact checked.
Its staff of 10 reporters have reported on corrupt energy traders, prime ministers who get almost free apartments, stolen privatizations, cigarette and drug smugglers, diploma mill universities and other corrupt practices. CIN's work has led to arrests, firings, investigations and even jailings.
One of CIN's better known stories looked at how then BiH Federation Prime Minister Nedžad Branković got an almost free apartment. CIN detailed each step of the process with records showing how the Prime Minister selected the apartment, the government bought it, moved it into an inventory of excess apartments and then allowed the Prime Minister to privatize it for nearly worthless privatization script—all in the matter of a few weeks. CIN's work, which involved finding a second sources of documents that had been removed from the official records, led to two investigations of Brankovic and then an indictment by cantonal prosecutors. A citizens group plastered the town with graffiti and later billboards protesting Brankovic's windfall. He resigned in June 2009 after he lost power in his own political party.
The center also was a founding member of the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project (OCCRP), a regional consortium of investigative centers, journalists and news organizations who report on transnational organized crime.
Awards.
CIN has won a number of awards including the 2007 Online Journalism Award for investigative reporting at a small website for its work on food safety. In 2007 it also won the BiH Transparency International award for journalism integrity. It won the Media Plaque for Excellence in Reporting in the 2007 Vecernji list awards.
CIN and its OCCRP partners along with SCOOP won the first Global Shining Light Award in 2006 for reporting under duress for its stories on energy traders. CIN, along with its partners in Romania, Bulgaria and Albania showed that while energy traders were getting sweetheart deals from the government and making tens of millions of dollars and adding very little to the economy, pensioners and the working poor were barely able to pay their energy bills and were often living in darkness. In 2009, CIN was part of a team led by the International Consortium of Investigative Reporters that won both the Overseas Press Club Award and the Tom Renner Award for crime reporting from Investigative Reporters and Editors for their work on tobacco smuggling.
CIN and it's partner CIN Serbia won the award "BEST INVESTIGATIVE STORY OF THE YEAR 2011" by Serbia’s Organization of Independent Journalists in conjunction with the US Embassy in Serbia. Reporters won the award for a five part series on accused money launderer Zoran Copic, who holds both Serbian and Bosnian citizenship.
In October 2013 CIN also won “CEI SEEMO AWARD FOR OUTSTANDING MERITS IN INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALISM 2013” in the section “PROFESSIONAL JOURNALISTS” for a story “BALKAN SHARE TRADERS ENDANGERED GERMAN STOCK EXCHANGE” which exposed a telemarketing fraud targeting the European Union's (EU) citizens. Workers from call centers in Bosnia and Herzegovina dialed the EU residents offering them shares of worthless companies while promising easy riches. 
CIN's OCCRP partners include the Rise Project in Romania, the Center for Investigative Reporting in Serbia, MANS in Montenegro, Investigative Journalists of Armenia (HETQ) and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19583175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583175" title="Play the Game (film)">
Play the Game (film)

Play the Game is a 2009 romantic comedy film starring Andy Griffith, Paul Campbell, Liz Sheridan, Doris Roberts, and Marla Sokoloff, written and directed by Marc Fienberg. This was Andy Griffith's last film credit; he died on July 3, 2012.
Synopsis.
"Play The Game" is a 2009 indie film that tells the story of a young ladies' man, David, who teaches his lonely, widowed grandfather how to play the dating game, while playing his best games to win over Julie, the girl of his dreams. But as David's "foolproof" techniques prove to be anything but in his pursuit of Julie, the same techniques quickly transform Grandpa into the Don Juan of the retirement community. Slowly, the teacher becomes the student, and Grandpa must teach David how to win back the love of his life. But both David and Grandpa Joe may have met their match in more ways than one, leading to a surprise twist ending that makes the audience look back at the entire film in a new light.
Cast.
Paul Campbell as David Mitchell
Andy Griffith as Grandpa Joe
Marla Sokoloff as Julie Larabee
Liz Sheridan as Edna Gordon
Doris Roberts as Rose Sherman
Clint Howard as Dick
Rance Howard as Mervin
Geoffrey Owens as Rob
Juliette Jeffers as Carri
Soundtrack.
Beth Thornley - "Lie"
Jack's Mannequin - "Dark Blue"
Ludo - "Hum Along"
Elizabeth & The Catapult - "Race You"
Ethan Gold - "Pretty Girls"
Barenaked Ladies - "Sound of Your Voice"
Marching Band - "Gorgeous Behaviour"
Rocky Votolato - "Your Darkest Eyes"
Emi Meyer - "One Good Song"
Sherwood - "Best In Me"
Leroy Osbourne - "All I Want Is You"
Michael Rossback - "Don't Rush Me"
Chelsea Williams - "You Don't Wanna Know"
John Gold - "Cactus Flower"
Dan Ferrari - "Never Not Want You"
Katelyn Tarver - "Wonderful Crazy"
Relient K - "Must Have Done Something Right"
Ludo - "Laundry Girl"

</doc>
<doc id="19583187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583187" title="John Pescatore">
John Pescatore

John "Pesco" Pescatore (born February 2, 1964) is an American rower. He competed in the 1988 Seoul Olympic Games for the United States as stroke of the men's coxed eight which placed third. He later competed at the 1992 Barcelona Olympic Games in the men's coxless pair. Then in 2000 he was placed top coach in America for coaching the coxless pair to silver at the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games. Pescatore was also in the 1987 eight that won the world championships in Copenhagen, Denmark.
John graduated in 1986 from the University of Pennsylvania where, as captain, he stroked the men's varsity eight to victory at the Eastern Sprints. He was the head coach of rowing at Yale University from 2002 to 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19583204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583204" title="Patriarch of Jerusalem">
Patriarch of Jerusalem

The titles Patriarch of Jerusalem or Bishop of Jerusalem may refer to:
and, in a broad sense, to:

</doc>
<doc id="19583241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583241" title="Mustang (advertisement)">
Mustang (advertisement)

Mustang is a 2004 television and cinema advertising campaign promoting Guinness-brand draught stout. It was produced by advertising agency Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO, and aired in Europe, North America, and parts of Asia. The ad was filmed in the United States, and was directed by the Academy Award-winning British film director Anthony Minghella, famous for his work on "The English Patient".
The sequence revolves around a man sent to a prison camp in the Midwestern United States, where he is instructed to train wild mustangs. A prisoner stares down one of the mustangs before opening the gate to release him. The prisoner is charged with retrieving the horse, and the piece ends with the man riding the horse across the plains, over the strapline "a story of darkness and light".
"Mustang" was the last Guinness advertisement to use the strapline, following the earlier "Moth". After "Mustang", Abbott Mead Vickers chose to return to its established "Good things come to those who wait" campaign, the next piece of which ("noitulovE") aired in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19583257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583257" title="Lagertha">
Lagertha

Lagertha was, according to legend, a Danish Viking shieldmaiden from what is now Norway, and the onetime wife of the famous Viking Ragnar Lodbrok. Her tale, as recorded by the chronicler Saxo in the 12th century, may be a reflection of tales about Þorgerðr Hölgabrúðr, a Norse deity.
Her name as recorded by Saxo, , is likely a Latinization of the Old Norse (Hladgerd). It is frequently rendered in English-language sources as "Lagertha", and has also been recorded as Ladgertha, Ladgerda or similar.
Life according to Saxo Grammaticus.
Lagertha's tale is recorded in passages in the ninth book of the "Gesta Danorum", a 12th-century work of Danish history by Saxo Grammaticus. According to the "Gesta" (¶ 9.4.1–9.4.11), Lagertha's career as a warrior began when Frø, king of Sweden, invaded Norway and killed the Norwegian king Siward. Frø put the women of the dead king's family into a brothel for public humiliation. Hearing of this, Ragnar Lodbrok came with an army to avenge his grandfather Siward. Many of the women Frø had ordered abused dressed themselves in men's clothing and fought on Ragnar's side. Chief among them, and key to Ragnar's victory, was Lagertha. Saxo recounts:
Impressed with her courage, Ragnar courted her from afar. Lagertha feigned interest and Ragnar arrived to seek her hand, bidding his companions wait in the Gaular valley. He was set upon by a bear and a great hound which Lagertha had guarding her home, but killed the bear with his spear and choked the hound to death. Thus he won the hand of Lagertha in marriage. According to Saxo, Ragnar had a son with her, Fridleif, as well as two daughters, whose names are not recorded.
After returning to Denmark to fight a civil war, Ragnar (who, according to Saxo, was still annoyed that Lagertha had set beasts against him) divorced Lagertha in order to marry Þóra borgarhjörtr (Thora Town-Hart), the daughter of King Herrauðr of Sweden. He won the hand of his new love after numerous adventures, but upon returning to Denmark was again faced with a civil war. He sent to Norway for support, and Lagertha, who still loved him, came to his aid with 120 ships, according to Saxo. When at the height of the battle, Ragnar's son Siward was wounded, Lagertha saved the day for Ragnar with a counterattack:
Upon returning to Norway, she quarreled with her husband, and slew him with a spearhead she concealed in her gown. Saxo concludes that she then "usurped the whole of his name and sovereignty; for this most presumptuous dame thought it pleasanter to rule without her husband than to share the throne with him".
Scholarship.
Saxo's sources.
According to Judith Jesch, the rich variety of tales in the first nine books of Saxo's "Gesta", which include the tale of Lagertha, are "generally considered to be largely fictional". In portraying the several warrior women in these tales, Saxo drew on the legend of the Amazons from classical antiquity, but also on a variety of Old Norse (particularly Icelandic) sources, which have not been clearly identified. Saxo's depiction of women warriors is also colored by misogyny: Like most churchmen of the time, Saxo thought of women only as sexual beings. To him, the Viking shieldmaidens who refused this role were an example of the disorder in old heathen Denmark that was later cured by the Church and a stable monarchy.
A woman called "Hlaðgerðr", who rules the "Hlaðeyjar", also appears in the sagas of the 6th century Scylding king Halfdan. She gives him twenty ships to help defeat his enemies. Hilda Ellis Davidson, in her commentary on the "Gesta", also notes suggestions in the literature that the name was used by the Franks, for instance by Luitgarde of Vermandois (c. 914–978), and that the tale of Lagertha could have originated in Frankish tradition. 
When Saxo describes Lagertha as "flying round" ("") to the rear of the enemy, he ascribes to her the power of flight, indicating a kinship with the valkyries. The tale notably recalls that of Kára, the valkyrie lover of Helgi Haddingjaskati, who flies above Helgi in battle as a swan, casting spells in his support.
Identity with Thorgerd.
Davidson deems it possible, as Nora K. Chadwick considered very probable, that Lagertha is identical with Þorgerðr Hölgabrúðr (Thorgerd), a goddess reflected in several stories. 
Thorgerd was worshipped by, and sometimes said to be wed to, the Norwegian ruler Haakon (c. 937–995), who lived at "Hlaðir" (Lade). This may be the origin of the name "Hlaðgerðr". "Gaulardal", the Gaular valley – where Lagertha lived according to Saxo – lies nearby and was the center of Thorgerd's cult. It was also, according to Snorri, the abode of Haakon's wife Thora. Finally, the description of Lagertha coming to Ragnar's aid with flying hair is similar to how the "Flateyjarbók" describes Thorgerd and her sister Irpa assisting Haakon.
Portrayals in fiction.
Christen Pram's historical drama "Lagertha" (1789) is based on Saxo's account. The choreographer Vincenzo Galeotti based his ballet "Lagertha" (1801), the first ballet to feature a Nordic theme, on Pram's work. Set to music by Claus Schall, the ballet was a significant success for Galeotti's Royal Theater. It was conceived as a "gesamtkunstwerk" incorporating song, pantomime, dance, and originally also dialog parts. 
More recently, Lagertha (played by Katheryn Winnick) is a principal character in the 2013 TV series "Vikings", where she is portrayed as a shieldmaiden and the wife of Ragnar Lodbrok.

</doc>
<doc id="19583259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583259" title="Operation Silver Shovel">
Operation Silver Shovel

Operation Silver Shovel was a major United States Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) probe into political corruption in Chicago during the 1990s. By the end of the probe illegal activities from labor union corruption to drug trafficking, organized crime activity and elected city officials on the take were unearthed, and corruption convictions were handed out to 18 individuals.
Background.
In the 1980s, the federal Operation Greylord investigation of the Cook County courts found almost 100 lawyers and judges who were eventually sent to jail, disbarred or suspended for illegal actions. However, when the individuals were heading off to jail, some lawyers and judges fixed cases. That produced Operation Gambat, which sent more crooks off to jail.
The operation.
John Christopher was an FBI mole, an insider to the Chicago construction business and now a convicted felon and lifelong mob associate. The FBI relied on Christopher to get audio or visual recordings of illegal transactions including bribes, money laundering and cocaine purchases. By 1995, Christopher had made over 1100 recordings. The informant gave cash payments or other bribes to city officials in exchange for help in obtaining work. These officials include city alderman, city inspectors, project leaders, and others. The bribes centered on city contracts for hauling construction debris; Christopher paid officials to allow him to dump debris in illegal areas. The bribes totaled $150,000 in the end, and the money laundering over $2.2 million.
Those indicted.
Aldermen:
Other:
References.
Ref Note

</doc>
<doc id="19583276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583276" title="Amirani (volcano)">
Amirani (volcano)

Amirani is an active volcano on Jupiter's moon Io. It is located on Io's leading hemisphere at .
The volcano is responsible for the largest active lava flow in the entire Solar System, with recent flows dwarfing those of even other volcanos on Io.
Amirani consists of a half-circle shaped, -wide volcanic pit, which is connected to a -long compound lava flow by a narrow channel. The southern half of the Amirani flow field is surrounded by a circular, bright sulfur dioxide diffuse deposit, created by a sulfur-rich volcanic plume. The volcano was first observed in images acquired by the "Voyager 1" spacecraft in March 1979. Later that year, the International Astronomical Union named this feature after an Georgian fire god, Amirani.

</doc>
<doc id="19583297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583297" title="Warbelow's Air Ventures">
Warbelow's Air Ventures

Warbelow's Air Ventures is an American regional airline based in Fairbanks, Alaska, USA. It operates domestic scheduled passenger, charter, and tour services as well as flight tours. Its base is Fairbanks International Airport. 
Fleet.
The Warbelow's Air Ventures fleet consists of at least 14 planes and includes the following:
Destinations.
All destinations are in Alaska. 
The airline provides Essential Air Service from Fairbanks to Central, Circle, Minto, and Rampart.

</doc>
<doc id="19583335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583335" title="2009 Cincinnati Reds season">
2009 Cincinnati Reds season

The Cincinnati Reds' 2009 season was a season in American baseball. It involved the Cincinnati Reds attempting to win the NL Central after finishing fifth in the division the previous year. For the second year, the Reds were managed by Dusty Baker. The Reds played their seventh season of home games in Great American Ball Park. The Reds finished the 2009 season 78-84, only four wins more than the 2008 season.
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
"Through the end of the 2009 season"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
"Through June 17, 2009"
Pitching.
Starting pitchers.
"Through the end of the 2009 season"
Relief pitchers.
"Through June 17, 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="19583341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583341" title="Women in Maya society">
Women in Maya society

Ancient Maya women had an important role in society: beyond propagating the culture through the bearing and raising of children, Maya women participated in economic, governmental and farming activities. The lives of women in ancient Mesoamerica were not well documented: "of the three elite founding area tombs discovered to date within the Copan Acropolis, two contain the remains of women, and yet there is not a single reference to a woman in either known contemporary texts or later retrospective accounts of Early Classic events and personages at Copan," writes a scholar.
Women play a very important role in rituals, cooking food for consumption and sacrifice. Whether women participated in said rituals is unknown. Women also worked on all of the textiles, a very important resource and product for Maya society.
The status of women in Maya society can be inferred from their burials and textual and monumental history. Maya societies include Toniná, a city which developed a matrilineal system of hereditary descent after the reign and death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil. She had assumed the mantle of power after the failure of the two male leaders. Lady K'awil's reign is documented by murals that depict her seated on a throne with captives at her feet.
Food.
Women participated in the food economy. Deer played an essential part of the Mesoamerican diet; most of the meat consumed by the ancient Maya was venison. Society depended on deer meat, and women played a large role in making sure there was an abundant supply of deer. Evidence shows that deer sometimes lived inside households. While it was the man’s responsibility to hunt and kill deer, it was necessary for the women to make sure there would be enough deer to kill.
Art.
The importance of the Moon goddess is seen through her depiction in the codices and in ancient murals. Another often depicted goddess is Ixchel. Textiles were an important aspect of ancient Mayan life, and while it is not known whether all women produced textiles, those textiles that were produced were created by women. Women used different objects in the spinning and weaving processes depending on their social class. Noble women could use dye in textiles. Also, the products that were used in the spinning were different; the noble women used higher quality fibers. Craft and fiber evidence from the city of Ceren, which was buried by volcanic ash in 600 C.E., indicates that by that time, women's textile work was considered art, not simply crafts woven for a specific household purpose. The creation of the works of art suggests there was a market for them. Women held power in their ability to work thread and to create something that retained a value.
Women's Roles in Ritual.
The social, economic, and political rank of ancient Maya women is a growing center of debate in the archaeology of gender. To date, lines of evidence are based chiefly on investigation of material culture (e.g. monumental sculpture and iconography, ceramic art), use of space (residential architecture and activity analysis and, to a lesser extent, mortuary data). The principle of complimentary, i.e. that men and women played separate, but equally important, roles in the function of society, is found in many studies that define an ideological basis for various expressions of female power, including complementary male/female pairing and gender combination. For example, in the iconography of Classic period public monuments in which elites are represented it can be argued that although women are seen as pieces or male histories in the texts of monuments depicting the lives of rules, the images on the same monuments de-emphasize sexual characteristics. Males and females are identifiable only by their clothing and decoration, which shows a ‘unified elite identity’, in which male/female pairs are dichotomous. Grave goods, inscriptions, and texts also provide evidence of complimentary via the authority elite women gave to ruling lineages often through marriage alliance outside their natal homelands. 
Food is both macronutrients and metaphor, its literal and organic character can be transformed by cultural means and imbued with ideological meaning; such that nature becomes integrated with nurture. The process of producing, preparing, cooking, distributing, and consuming food involve cultural practiced and rules governing them to differentiate individuals and groups. In this instance, the differentiation is between genders and socio-economic classes. Ethnohistoric and archeological evidence indicates that the production and distribution of food was an important source of agency and power for ancient Maya women. Although it is believed that elite women controlled food used in rituals, isotopic measures of diet from a variety of sites representing different environments and time periods indicate that they ate fewer ideologically valued food than males. By contrast, non-elite women appear to have consumed the same food as their male equivalents. This finding may suggest that: women did not participate in ritual consumption of food in the same way or to the same extent that men did; or that food consumption was associated with gender identity. Preferential access to ritual food by males ceases after the Spanish conquest but males continued to have more carnivorous diets. This phenomenon could be caused by the conversion of public rituals to private or the assimilation of Spanish gender values, or underlying ideology that is maintained in gender dietary differences.
Virtually all rituals involved feasting and women were in charge of the preparation of food and rink used as offering and for consumption, as well as providing offering of cloth (see below). Feast and rituals were visible and significant means used by competing Maya elites to demonstrate their status. Whether or not women were active participants does not belie the social, symbolic and political meaning of their contribution 
In addition to the ideological basis for high female’s status, women exercised agency through their labor during the historic period. The labor of women was very important, both socially and economically but their participation in public ritual was limited; because of the potential ethnocentric and geographic bias. There may have been temporal and/or regional differences in the degree of female participation in ritual. 
Gender roles.
Men and women performed separate but equal tasks: "males producefood by agricultural labor, but females process[ed the products of the field to make them edible." 
In addition to raising deer when necessary, women had religious responsibilities related to household rituals. Women held important daily roles in this aspect of life. While young boys were being taught hunting skills, "the girl was trained in the household, and she was taught how to keep the domestic religious shrines." 
Women were associated with the ritual practice of religion, as well as the beliefs themselves. The Moon Goddess is one of the most prominent gods in the Maya pantheon. Through her relations with the other gods, she produced the Maya population. The local rulers claimed descent from the Moon Goddess. 
Gender in ancient Maya art is ambiguous; it is difficult to ascertain the gender of some figures simply because one couldn’t survive without the other. In some images of heir recognition, this duality is explicit: there is a male figure on one side of the newly-anointed, and a female figure on the other side.
Textiles.
The prevalence of females in rituals reflects the importance of women to Maya social structure during the Classic period (a.d.250–900). Women were the primary weavers of textiles, which formed a major part of any ancient Mesoamerican economy. Based on ethnohistory and iconography, the Maya were huge producers of material for both internal and external use. However, the archaeological classification of textile production is complicated in any tropical region because of issues of conservation. 
The evidence for the production and distribution of cloth that is found in the pre-Columbian Maya area and a large contributing site of archaeological data relative to textiles from the ancient Maya is in the city of Caracol, Belize. Archaeology at Caracol has been carried out annually from 1985 to the present and has resulted in the collection of data that permits insight into the economic production and social distribution of cloth at the site. This is accomplished through examining the contexts and distributions of spindle whorls, bone needles, bone pins and hairpins, bone awls, and limestone bars. All of these artifacts can be related to weaving, netting, or cloth in some way. 
Spindle whorls are the artifacts most clearly associated with textile production and 57 of these have been recovered at Caracol, 38 of them in 20 different burials. Several of these interments are of high-status women placed in the most important architectural constructions at the site. The contextual placement of these burials stresses not only the link between women and weaving, but also the high status associated with such an activity, thus signaling the importance of cloth and spinning in ancient Maya society. 
Child bearing.
Bearing and rearing children was an integral part of society. The mythology and power associated with the ability to create life was one which men tried to emulate. Men participated in bloodletting their own genitals to create something new from their blood. Instead of giving birth to life, they would give birth to new eras through the symbolic gesture of menstruation. This act was highly ritualized; the objects used to pierce the skin were "stingray spines, obsidian blades, or other sharp instruments." The blood was allowed to drip on cloth, which was burned as part of the ritual.

</doc>
<doc id="19583349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583349" title="2009 Boston Red Sox season">
2009 Boston Red Sox season

The Boston Red Sox' 2009 season was the 109th in the team's history. The Red Sox came in off a loss in the American League Championship Series during their 2008 season. The team is in the 97th season at Fenway Park, the oldest active ballpark in Major League Baseball.
Regular season.
The Red Sox opened the season with a postponement due to rain. However, on April 7, the season began at Fenway with the first pitch being thrown by Edward Kennedy. The Red Sox got off to a slow start, going 2–6 in the first eight games. However, the Sox won 11 straight games beginning on April 15. The win streak was Boston's longest since 2006 when they had a 12-game win streak. A highlight of the streak was Jacoby Ellsbury's steal of home on April 26 to cap off a three-game sweep of the New York Yankees. They finished April with a record of 14–8 and tied with the Toronto Blue Jays for the division lead. Also, Jerry Remy, NESN color commentator, had surgery to remove a small area of cancer on his lung. While recovering he also got pneumonia. He also was suffering from fatigue and depression. These are the people who filled in for him.<br>Dennis Eckersley<br> Dave Roberts<br>Buck Martinez<br> Tony Massarotti<br> Rance Mulliniks<br> Rex Hudler<br> Ron Coomer<br> Ken Rosenthal<br>Kevin Kennedy<br>Dwight Evans<br>Sean Casey<br>Jim Kaat<br> Gordon Edes<br> Bob Montgomery<br> Frank Viola<br> Sean McAdam<br> Brian Daubach<br> Rick Dempsey 
The team flattened out in May, going 15–14 in the month and falling to third in the division behind the Yankees and the Blue Jays. Through the first two months of the season, slugger David Ortiz struggled, batting .185 with one home run. Additionally, pitcher Daisuke Matsuzaka was placed on the disabled list after just two starts with an injury that manager Terry Francona attributed to his participation in the 2009 World Baseball Classic. Off the field, announcer Jerry Remy, of NESN television, was replaced by Dennis Eckersely beginning on May 6 as Remy began undergoing cancer treatment. Despite these struggles, the Red Sox set an American League record, tying the Major League record, on May 7 by scoring 12 runs without recording an out during the 6th inning of a game against the Cleveland Indians.
The Red Sox took the division lead, and improved to the second-best record in MLB, during June. Through the first half of the month, the Sox played four division leaders, the Detroit Tigers, Texas Rangers, New York Yankees, and Philadelphia Phillies, winning three of the four series and sweeping both the Tigers and Yankees. By sweeping the Yankees, the Sox improved to 8–0 against the team, the best record against them since sweeping the 14-game season series against them in 1912. At the All-Star break, the Red Sox had the second best record in Major League Baseball and held a three-game lead in the division.
The Red Sox faltered after the All-Star break, losing five of six on the road to the Toronto Blue Jays and Texas Rangers and batting .192 and scoring 13 runs. In response to the poor offensive performance and to make room for Jed Lowrie's return from injury, Julio Lugo was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals for cash and two minor-league players were traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates for Adam LaRoche on July 22, and on July 25 Mark Kotsay was designated for assignment. The Red Sox made a move at the trade deadline, July 31, to acquire catcher Victor Martinez from the Cleveland Indians for pitchers Justin Masterson, Nick Hagadone, and Bryan Price. They also traded Adam LaRoche to the Atlanta Braves for Casey Kotchman. After winning the first eight games of the season against their rival Yankees in the first half of the season, the Red Sox lost nine of the next ten to finish the season 9–9 against them.
One of the stranger victories for the Sox came on August 14 against the Texas Rangers. Going into the top of the 9th inning, the home Rangers were leading 4–2. Jacoby Ellsbury drove in David Ortiz to pull within one run and Jason Varitek was left on second base with no outs. Pitcher, Clay Buchholz came in to pitch run for Varitek with no outs. Dustin Pedroia doubled, but the inexperienced, and potentially tying run, Buchholz, was thrown out at the plate as he hesitated between second and third before attempting to score. All was shortly forgotten when the team scored five more runs to win 8–4. On August 21, Jacoby Ellsbury tied the record for the Red Sox single season record for stolen bases (54), in a game against the New York Yankees, a record previously held by Tommy Harper. Ellsbury then broke the record with his 55th steal on August 25, against the Chicago White Sox.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen Bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; HR = Home Run Allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts"
Awards and honors.
On December 22, 2009, "Sports Illustrated" named general manager Theo Epstein as number 3 on its list of the Top 10 GMs/Executives of the Decade (in all sports).

</doc>
<doc id="19583350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583350" title="Air (comics)">
Air (comics)

Air was an ongoing comic book series published by DC Comics as part of the Vertigo imprint. It was created by writer G. Willow Wilson and artist M. K. Perker.
Publication history.
"Air" was an ongoing series and G. Willow Wilson explained her plans: "I have a solid detailed topographical map for the first year and a half and a loose hand-written treasure map for another couple of years. If this follows the four year model that has become typical of good Vertigo series lately, I'll be happy, and I've got ideas to fuel the whole run."
Wilson has also discussed the influences on the story, which partly comes from her non-fiction, journalistic work, but may also have been precipitated by one specific incident: "The concept behind "Air" came from Wilson’s own experiences after being grilled by a flight attendant in Amsterdam for the many visas in her passport."
Plot.
Blythe, an acrophobic flight attendant for the fictional Clearfleet Airlines, is invited to join the "Etesian Front", who claim to be an anti-terrorist organization. The Etesians trick Blythe into transporting plans for a terrorist attack. When she discovers this, she and a man named Zayn are kidnapped and taken on board the plane that is the hijack target. Later, Zayn and Blythe leap clear of the plane as it crashes into the sea. The head of the Etesian Front, a man named Benjamin Lancaster, also survives. Zayn is later accosted by Lancaster in Narimar, a place that ostensibly disappeared from maps during the 1947 Partition of India, and interrogated as to the whereabouts of an Aztec artifact. Blythe follows him to Narimar, where she is designated by the Etesian Front a "hyperpract", that is, someone with the power to move into different dimensions or realities. The three escape Narimar, while their plane is followed by a mysterious winged serpent.
As the story progresses, the ambiguous concept of 'hyperpraxis' is introduced, as what seems to be a supernatural form of teleportation. The story develops more eccentric and fantasy elements, introducing Amelia Earhart and Quetzacoatl as supporting characters.
Reception.
Neil Gaiman has compared "Air" to the works of Salman Rushdie and Thomas Pynchon. The series has garnered positive reviews from writers and critics including Gail Simone, Brian Azzarello, Jason Aaron, Brian Wood, The Onion A.V. Club, and The Wall Street Journal.
Greg McElhatton, reviewing the first issue for Comic Book Resources, felt it started too slowly and they were also lukewarm about the art: "It's like a strange cross between early Brandon Peterson and the Pander Brothers, with elongated, exaggerated expressions and strange tousled bunches of hair. It's not bad, but it's also not knocking my socks off either." Comics Bulletin had a "slugfest" review in which three reviewers had their say on the first issue. Matthew J. Brady felt that the "plot doesn't make any sense" and the art is "merely workmanlike," concluding "this book will have to improve by quite a bit to even raise itself to the level of passable." Joey Davidson was more positive as he felt that "the movement and pacing felt tight and well directed. There were never any moments when I found myself wondering why the hell we had been taken here." Chris Murman felt the story was interesting enough to keep him reading but felt there was a problem with engaging with the characters "I was left with an overwhelming sense of apathy that I feel comes from the dialogue used." Davidson reviewed issue #2 and remains positive, the story move along quickly and visually the comic "is a joy to look at and you’ll never be troubled or confused by layouts or scenes."
The first issue had sales estimates of 11,088 putting it at 163rd in the sales chart.
The series was cancelled after 24 issues due to low sales.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected as trade paperbacks:

</doc>
<doc id="19583358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583358" title="Indiana Regional Medical Center">
Indiana Regional Medical Center

Indiana Regional Medical Center is a not-for-profit hospital located in Indiana, Pennsylvania that was founded in 1914. It is one of the eighteen member hospitals of the Pennsylvania Mountains Healthcare Alliance that was established to provide community based health care via independent community hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="19583361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583361" title="2 laits, un sucre">
2 laits, un sucre

2 laits, un sucre ("two milks, one sugar") was a Canadian television program that aired on TQS. Hosted by Dominic Paquet, François Maranda and Valérie Simard, the program was a breakfast television series.
The show ceased airing in February 2009, and was replaced by "i-médias".

</doc>
<doc id="19583417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583417" title="Fridge (advertisement)">
Fridge (advertisement)

Fridge is a 2006 television and print advertising campaign launched by Diageo to promote canned Guinness-brand stout in the United Kingdom. The campaign was handled by advertising agency Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO. The television piece was directed by J J Keith, and shot in the Czech Republic. The television ad is a thirty-second comedic spot aimed at men in their twenties and thirties, revolving around the idea of a miniature bartender who lives in a refrigerator, serving drinks to purchasers of cans of Guinness stout. The idea behind the ad was to promote the cans as being just as high quality as Guinness draught beer, which was traditionally the focus of Guinness advertising and marketing.
The ad is the sixth in the "Good things come to those who wait" campaign, following on from the hugely successful "noitulovE" campaign in 2005. The fish behind the bar is a nod to another previous campaign ("Fish Bicycle"). It was followed itself by "Hands" later in 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="19583429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583429" title="Julia Parker (actress)">
Julia Parker (actress)

Julia Parker (born February 27, 1970) is an American actress, model, and TV host. She is most frequently seen as host of an infomercial promoting the Kymaro Body Shaper.
Background.
Julia Parker started acting in a high school play as one of the lead actors. After she finished college she moved to New York City and attended acting classes and also did some modelling. She then moved to Los Angeles and appeared in commercials. Later on she worked as a flight attendant for a film studio's corporate jet and spent a few years doing this.
Film history.
Julia has appeared in various films including The Flight That Fought Back which was nominated for Made For Television Movie at the 58th Primetime Emmy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19583432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583432" title="City Charter High School">
City Charter High School

City Charter High School, or City High, is a charter school in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA." It was founded in September 2002 by Richard Wertheimer and Mario Zinga under the non-profit educational company EDSYS, Inc.
Academic achievement.
In 2009, "US News and World" report ranked 21,000 public high schools, in the United States, based on three factors. First, the schools were analyzed for the number of students who achieved above the state average on the reading and math tests in 2008. Then they considered how the economically disadvantaged students performed against the state average. Finally, they considered the participation rate and the performance of students in college readiness by examining Advanced Placement (AP) and International Baccalaureate test data. Seventy Pennsylvania high schools achieved ranking bronze, silver or gold rating. Fifty three Pennsylvania high schools achieved bronze. City Charter High School achieved Bronze ranking. Eight high schools in Allegheny County and three Pittsburgh schools achieved inclusion in the ranking.
Early history.
On February 27, 2002, the Pittsburgh Board of Education voted 6-2 (with one abstention) to approve an application for a five-year charter for City Charter High School contingent on it submitting a plan for educating students, showing it can measure student progress, and 4 other conditions. In March 2003 the board was told by district administrators that the charter school had met these conditions, however the board then failed to approve the charter in a 4-3 vote (with two abstentions). Approval of new charters requires five affirmatives. After hearing arguments a Common Pleas judge ordered the board to approve the charter, despite the board's opposition.
Founders.
Richard Wertheimer.
Richard Wertheimer is a public school educator whose expertise is in mathematics, technology, school reform, curriculum, and staff development. As Coordinator of Instructional Technology, he managed the instructional component of the Pittsburgh Public Schools $25 million Technology Plan (1998–2001). Projects that he has managed include Common Knowledge: Pittsburgh (1993–1998). He was the secondary mathematics supervisor for the Pittsburgh Public Schools from 1988 to 1993. He taught mathematics at Brashear, Peabody and Upper St. Clair High Schools from 1975 to 1988.
Mario Zinga.
Mario Zinga is a public school educator whose expertise is in writing, French, Italian, technology and gifted education. He developed the Common Knowledge: Pittsburgh project, a five-year, $5 million K-12 testbed grant from the National Science Foundation (1993–1998). He taught at East Hills Elementary School and the Pittsburgh Elementary Gifted Center from 1985 to 1993.
On June 24, 2006, the school's first graduating class held its commencement ceremonies at Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall in Oakland. The theme of the event was "Breakaway", from the hit Kelly Clarkson song. Graduated seniors have gone on to college careers at schools ranging from Robert Morris, Pitt, Carlow University, and Duquesne to the University of North Carolina, the University of Chicago, Penn State, Neumont University, and York University.
Academics.
From the charter application:
"The school offers a program with students taking four years of Mathematics, Science, English Language Arts, Social Studies and World Languages. Traditional content areas are grouped into four clusters - scientific literacy (Mathematics and Sciences), Cultural Literacy (Reading, Writing, Listening, Speaking, Arts and Humanities, Social Studies, World Languages), Work-skills Literacy (Career Education, Applied, Computer, Multimedia and Networking Technologies) and Wellness Literacy (Health, Safety and Physical Education). An extended school day and year supports project-based learning. Annual standardized assessments require students to articulate their understanding and mastery of a topic orally and in writing."
Teaching methods.
Team teaching: Faculty members do not have individual offices. Instead, each grade's teachers have a joint office. In the hiring of new staff, teachers are allowed to collectively interview candidates. Some classes, particularly career readiness and research courses, are taught by two teachers simultaneously.
Teacher-student continuity: The same group of teachers work with each graduating class through their four years of high school. This allows the teachers to become familiar with students' learning styles, and students become familiar with teachers' styles of teaching. Another benefit is that the teachers, by teaching at a different grade level each year, will not become "burned out" by sheer repetition. When seniors graduate, their teachers start over with the new ninth grade class. Teachers receive a pay increase each time they complete a cycle and elect to start over with a new graduating class.
Staff development: City High teachers do not receive tenure and are not unionized, though they retain that right. They receive a bonus for maintaining perfect or near-perfect attendance</ref>--a way of discouraging substitute teachers—and must apply for promotion in order to advance in their careers. There are three levels of teachers: Apprentice, Journeyman, and Master.
Technology.
Students receive laptop computers. Accessible from school or home, they allow teachers to integrate technology and the internet into the curriculum. Students receive instruction on Adobe Photoshop, submit papers electronically, and can receive certification in any Microsoft Office program. A web application, Edline, tracks all student assignments and is accessible by students and their parents.
Location.
The school occupies five floors in the old Verizon Building on Stanwix Street in Downtown Pittsburgh. Because of its placement, City High does not have a traditional school campus or facilities (e.g., a gymnasium). About the location, co-founder Wertheimer said, "This is a perfect location for a career-oriented high school. It is downtown, central to public transportation, businesses, colleges and the cultural district."
City High is the third high school in downtown Pittsburgh; others include Northside Urban Pathways and the Pittsburgh High School for the Creative and Performing Arts (CAPA). It is one of five charter schools in the Pittsburgh area. Other charter schools include Northside Urban Pathways, downtown; Career Connections Charter High School, Lawrenceville; Manchester Academic Charter School, Manchester; and the Urban League of Pittsburgh Charter School, East Liberty.
Non-traditional schedule.
City High offers year-round schooling, with one three week vacation (April), One five week vacation (July–August) and one four week vacation(December). The school year begins in August. The school day begins at 8:00 AM, later than many high schools in the area, to allow travel time for students. For freshmen the school day ends at 3:45 PM, whereas for sophomores, juniors and seniors, it ends at 3:40 PM.
Workforce orientation.
The school has an orientation toward the workforce and preparation for it. All students go on 13-week internships for which they receive a grade, generally in 11th grade. Some students also take college courses at Community College of Allegheny County in 12th grade.
FIRST Robotics.
In 2006, City High's FIRST Robotics team, The Short Circuits, number 1743, won the Pittsburgh Regionals and in April went on to the Nationals in Atlanta, Georgia. Other awards they received at the Pittsburgh Regionals were the Rookie Inspiration Award and the Highest Rookie Seed Award. The team was sponsored by NASA, NOVA Chemicals, Bally Design, and Monte Cello's.
In 2007 the Short Circuits entered the competition again in the Pittsburgh and Cleveland Regionals. At Pittsburgh they won the website award. They did not make the finals at either regional. Their sponsors included NASA, Bally Design, and Singularity Clark.
In 2009 the team entered in only the Pittsburgh competition. Finishing 31st out of 34, the team was chosen by team 222, and 1218 for the top alliance. The teams won the competition, and advanced to nationals. At nationals, the team finished 58th out of 80.
SAGE - Students for the Advancement of Global Entrepreneurship.
City Charter High School has one of the few Eastern United States SAGE groups, which was founded in 2009, as well as being one of the few active, urban teams. 
SAGE was founded by Dr. Curt DeBerg of California State University – Chico in 2002 with the mission to help create the next generation of entrepreneurial leaders. There are two categories of businesses, Socially Responsible Business and Social Enterprise Business. Socially-Responsible Businesses (SRB) are legally structured as for-profit businesses and create positive change indirectly through the practice of corporate social responsibility including environmentalism and volunteering. A Social Enterprise Business (SEB) can be a for-profit or non-profit enterprise explicitly intending to address a social problem through its products, services, and/or employees. 
City High competed in the SAGE National Competition in Buffalo, New York in 2010 and Chicago, Illinois in 2011. In Chicago, City High SAGE was announced as the first selection for the national SAGE - Mitsubishi Electric Foundation - UCLA Tarjan Center "National Inclusion Grant." Additionally, City High took first place honors in the SAGE National "Inclusion Logo Competition." Subsequent to an excellent showing in Chicago, City High SAGE was invited to assist the SAGE Staff with the Global Competition in Buffalo, New York with twenty-two countries competing. 
City High SAGE participated in the tenth annual National SAGE Competition. This national competition was held May 25 – 27, 2012 in San Francisco, California, and there were teams from Texas, Ohio, Arizona, and Washington, as well as areas including Silicon Valley and Berkeley in California. This is the first time City High progressed to the finals and subsequently won second place in the Social Enterprise Business. City High SAGE was sponsored by Gateway Financial, as well as Pitt-Ohio Express, Heffren-Tillotson, and American Eagle Outfitters. 
SAGE is open to all City High students and has active members at every grade level. Students create and operate businesses, take care of accounting, marketing and public relations, and community outreach. City High SAGE students are involved in the school and volunteer broadly in the local community, in addition to their entrepreneurial endeavors.

</doc>
<doc id="19583441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583441" title="Masao Koga">
Masao Koga


</doc>
<doc id="19583453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583453" title="Buddhist studies">
Buddhist studies

Buddhist studies, also known as Buddhology (although the latter term is sometimes reserved for the study of Buddhas rather than that of Buddhism as a whole), is the academic study of Buddhism. The term applies especially to the modern academic field, which is a subset of religious studies, and is distinct from Buddhist philosophy or Buddhist theology. Scholars of Buddhist studies represent a variety of disciplines including history, anthropology, and philosophy.
In contrast to the study of Judaism or Christianity, the field of Buddhist Studies has been dominated by "outsiders" to Buddhist cultures and traditions. However, Japanese universities have also made major contributions, as have Asian immigrants to Western countries, and Western converts to Buddhism.
Relationship to contemporary Buddhism.
Charles Prebish, a scholar-practitioner and Chair of Religious Studies at Utah State University, describes the academics who are also Buddhist practitioner as fulfilling a crucial traditional role that has gone otherwise unfilled in countries that are not traditionally Buddhist:
Throughout much of Buddhism’s history, Buddhist scholarship and practice have been two very distinct vocations in a highly polarized tradition. Not surprisingly, stories reflecting the study/practice dichotomy in Buddhism are abundant in both the primary and secondary literature on the subject. Walpola Rahula’s History of Buddhism in Ceylon provides a good summary of the issue. During the first century B.C.E., in response to a concern over the possible loss of the Tripitaka during a severe famine, a question arose: What is the basis of the Teaching ("sasana")—learning or practice? A clear difference of opinion resulted in the development of two groups: the "Dhammakathika"s, who claimed that learning was the basis of the Sasana, and the "Pamsukulikas", who argued for practice as the basis. The Dhammakathikas apparently won out.
The two vocations described above came to be known as "gantha-dhura", or the “vocation of books,” and "vipassana-dhura", or the “vocation of meditation,” with the former regarded as the superior training (because surely meditation would not be possible if the teachings were lost). Moreover, the vipassana-dhura monks began to live in the forest, where they could best pursue their vocation undisturbed, while the gantha-dhura monks began to dwell in villages and towns. As such, the gantha-dhura monks began to play a significant role in Buddhist education.
It would probably not be going too far to refer to the gantha-dhura monks as “scholar-monks.” Why is this distinction so important? It is significant because the scholar-monks were responsible for the education of the laity and cultivated a Buddhist literacy among the ordinary practitioners of the tradition. While this was a normative practice in the ancient Buddhist tradition, Buddhism in the Western world has not favored a monastic lifestyle. As such, the education of the laity has been left to teachers who are no longer trained as scholar-monks. In fact, while many of the leaders and authorized teachers in the various Western Buddhist groups have had formal monastic and scholarly training at some point, many—if not most—have abandoned the monastic and scholarly lifestyle altogether. This has fostered a “scholarship gap,” which to a large extent is being rapidly filled by scholar-practitioners who, although not living as full-fledged monastics, have solid scholarly and academic training grounded in a rigorous personal practice.
Geographical "Schools".
Prebish writes that:
...geographic associations seem to identify at least two 'schools' of Buddhology: the Anglo-German and the Franco-Belgian. The former (and older) was led by T. W. Rhys Davids and Hermann Oldenberg, while the latter included primarily Louis de La Vallée Poussin, Jean Przyluski, Sylvain Lévi, Paul Demiéville, and Étienne Lamotte. To these schools, Edward Conze, quite reasonably, adds a third: the Leningrad school, including Stcherbatsky, Rosenberg, and Obermiller. The Anglo-German school almost exclusively emphasized the Pali literary tradition, while the Franco-Belgian school utilized the Sanskritic materials, along with their corresponding translations and commentaries in Chinese and Tibetan. The Leningrad school is clearly closer to the Franco-Belgian school than the Anglo-German. These are general classifications, but they nonetheless capture the style of the traditions as they have been maintained over the last century.
Prebish goes on to discuss developments in the USA:
Although some might consider Eugène Burnouf the founding father of Buddhist Studies as a discipline, the beginnings of Buddhist Studies in the United States seem inextricably bound to three primary individuals: Paul Carus, Henry Clarke Warren, and Charles Rockwell Lanman. [...] Despite the work of these early educators, it was not until after 1960 that Buddhist Studies began to emerge as a significant discipline in the American university system and publishing industry. During the Vietnam War years and immediately thereafter, Buddhist Studies was to enjoy a boom, largely through the efforts of such leading professors as Richard Hugh Robinson of the University of Wisconsin–Madison, Masatoshi Nagatomi of Harvard University, and Alex Wayman of Columbia University. No doubt there were many reasons for the increased development of Buddhist Studies, not the least of which were the increase in area studies programs in American universities; growing government interest in things Asian; the immense social anomie that permeated American culture in the 1960s; and the growing dissatisfation with (and perhaps rejection of) traditional religion.
Donald Lopez emphasizes the influence of Geshe Lhundup Sopa at Wisconsin, and Jeffrey Hopkins at Virginia.
University programs and institutes.
The first graduate program in Buddhist studies in North America started in 1961 at the University of Wisconsin–Madision. According to Prebish, Buddhist studies in the United States prior to 1975 was dominated by the University of Wisconsin, Harvard University and the University of Chicago. Prebish cites two surveys by Hart in which the following university programs were found to have produced the most scholars with U.S. university posts: Chicago, Wisconsin, Harvard, Columbia, Yale, Virginia, Stanford, Berkeley, Princeton, Temple, Northwestern, Michigan, Washington, and Tokyo.
Other regionally-accredited U.S. institutions with programs in Buddhism include the University of the West, Institute of Buddhist Studies, Naropa University, and the California Institute of Integral Studies. (A number of dharma centers offer semi-academic, unaccredited study; some of these seem likely eventually to win accreditation.)
Prominent European programs include Oxford University and Cambridge University, School of Oriental and African Studies, Humboldt University of Berlin, University of Hamburg, University of Munich, University of Heidelberg, University of Bonn, University of Vienna, Ghent University, and the Sorbonne. In Asia, University of Tokyo has long been a major center for Buddhist research.
Publications.
Journals specializing in Buddhist Studies (in alphabetical order):
In addition, many scholars publish in journals devoted to area studies (such as Japan, China, etc.), general Religious Studies, or disciplines such as history, anthropology, or language studies. Some examples would be:
Major university presses that have published in the field include those of Oxford, Cambridge, Indiana, Princeton, SUNY, and the Universities of California, Michigan, Chicago, Hawaii, and Virginia. Non-university presses include Curzon Press, E.J. Brill, Asian Humanities Press, and Motilal Banarsidass. A number of scholars have published through "dharma presses" such as Snow Lion Publications, Wisdom Publications, or Shambhala.

</doc>
<doc id="19583475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583475" title="Megan Crane">
Megan Crane

Megan Crane (born c. 1973) is an American novelist.
Background.
She was born in Houston, Texas, and raised in Ridgewood, New Jersey. She is the granddaughter of the late Robert F. Goheen, the 16th president of Princeton University and former United States Ambassador to India and is also the great great granddaughter of Sir James Caruthers Rhea Ewing (1854-1925), distinguished Presbyterian missionary educator in what is now Pakistan. Crane graduated from Vassar College, and has an M.A. and Ph.D. in Literature from the University of York in York, England. She is married to Jeff Johnson, the American comic book artist, animator, and one of the founders of the original Drink and Draw Social Club.
Novels.
Crane is the author of more than thirty novels. 
"English as a Second Language" was published by Warner Books in 2004. 
"Everyone Else's Girl" was published by Warner Books' 5 Spot imprint in 2005. 
"Frenemies" was a Book Sense Notable in July 2007. 
"Names My Sisters Call Me" was published by Grand Central Publishing (formerly Warner Books) in 2008. 
"I Love the 80s", was published by Quercus Books in the UK in March 2011 and "Once More With Feeling" came out from Quercus in December 2012. 
"Tempt Me, Cowboy" was published in September 2013, the first novella in the Copper Mountain Rodeo series, the flagship e-book project from Tule Publishing's "Montana Born" imprint.
She has also written a number of work-for-hire young adult novels under different names, but does not reveal their titles. The first of these hit the New York Times Bestseller list in 2005.
Crane also writes romance novels for Harlequin Presents under the name Caitlin Crews. 
Her debut, "Pure Princess, Bartered Bride", was published in February 2010, debuting on the USA Today Bestseller List at #112. Subsequent novels for Presents include: 
"Majesty, Mistress...Missing Heir" (October 2010 in North America; May 2010 in the UK), 
"Katrakis's Last Mistress" (September 2010 in the UK; published as "Katrakis's Sweet Prize" in North America in March 2011),
"Princess from the Past" (February 2011 in the UK; February 2012 in North America where the book debuted on the USA Today Bestseller List at #89),
"The Shameless Playboy" (May 2011 in the UK; published as "The Disgraced Playboy" in North America in August 2011),
"The Replacement Wife" (August 2011 in the UK; June 2012 in North America),
"Heiress Behind the Headlines" (October 2011 in the UK; October 2012 in North America),
"The Man Behind the Scars" (June 2012 in the UK; August 2012 in North America), 
"In Defiance of Duty" (June 2012 in the UK), 
"A Devil In Disguise" (November 2012 in the UK),
"No More Sweet Surrender" (February 2013 in UK and US),
"A Royal Without Rules" (August 2013 in UK and US), 
"A Scandal in the Headlines" (August 2013 in the UK; November 2013 in North America), and
"Not Just The Boss's Plaything" (December 2013).
Her novella "The Reluctant Queen" appears in an anthology called "A Royal Engagement" (April 2011 in the UK as part of an anthology called "A Royal Wedding"; November 2011 in North America).
In addition to writing books, Crane teaches creative writing courses online at mediabistro and at the prestigious UCLA Extension Writers' Program . She has also contributed essays to "It's a Wonderful Lie: 26 Truths About Life in Your Twenties", edited by Emily Franklin and "Everything I Needed To Know About Being a Girl I Learned From Judy Blume", edited by Jennifer O'Connell.

</doc>
<doc id="19583500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583500" title="Waldo Colburn">
Waldo Colburn

Waldo Colburn (November 13, 1824 – September 26, 1885) was an American lawyer, jurist and politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Colburn was originally a member of the Whig party and after that party dissolved he became a Democrat.
Legal career.
Colburn attended Harvard Law School from 1848 to 1849 studied law in the office of Ira Cleveland, and was admitted to the Massachusetts Bar on May 3, 1850.
Political career.
In 1856 Colburn was elected to serve in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He was a member of the Dedham, Massachusetts Board of Selectmen, Board of Assessors and, Overseers of the Poor. In 1857 he was the Chairman of the Committee on Parishes, Religious Societies, Etc. In 1858 he was the Chairman of the Committee on Railroads and Canals. In 1870 he was elected to the Massachusetts Senate for the second Norfolk district.
Judicial career.
On May 27, 1875 Colburn was appointed as an Associate Justice of the Superior Court by Governor Gaston.
On November 19, 1882 Colburn was appointed by Governor Long as an Associate Justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. Colburn served as an Associate Justice of the Court until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19583507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583507" title="Top FM (Brazil)">
Top FM (Brazil)

Top FM is a radio station broadcasting on 92.3 FM serving Santos Dumont, Minas Gerais and parts of southern Minas Gerais in Brazil. The station is a mixture of variety and Top 40. The station was heard online via the media, not it is no longer not via the website.
Slogan.
One of the slogans is "Você está, la melhor" ("-the best")

</doc>
<doc id="19583512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583512" title="Ladies Edition">
Ladies Edition

Ladies Edition (also known as "Ladies Edition, Woman's World") is R&B group H-Town's third album, released October 28, 1997. Their cover of The Persuaders' "A Thin Line Between Love and Hate," from the 1996 film of the same name was H-Town's Top 40 pop hit in three years, reaching #37.
They became more conscious toward women in their third album Ladies Edition, Woman's World. The album's theme is making up for past transgressions with women. A theme conveyed in songs such as "Don't Sleep on the Female", "Julie Rain" (a sobering account of spousal abuse), and "Jezebel". The album was dedicated to Nicole Brown Simpson and "all the women of the world". Twenty national women helplines were also listed on the back cover.

</doc>
<doc id="19583519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583519" title="Du Hongjian">
Du Hongjian

Du Hongjian (杜鴻漸) (709 – December 13, 769), courtesy name Zhisun (之巽), formally Duke Wenxian of Wei (衛文憲公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who served as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Daizong. He was known, and much criticized by traditional Chinese historians, for his devotion to Buddhism.
Background.
Du Hongjian was born in 709, during the second reign of Emperor Zhongzong. His family was from Pu Prefecture (濮州, roughly modern Heze, Shandong) and claimed its ancestry from the Qin Dynasty general Du He (杜赫), and traced itself to a line of officials during Northern Wei, Northern Qi, Sui Dynasty, and Tang Dynasty. It was said that the clan's members were on such good terms that it did not divide for five generations down to Du Xian. Both Du Hongjian's great-grandfather Du Yikuan (杜義寬) and grandfather Du Chengzhi (杜承志) were low level officials. His father Du Pengju (杜鵬舉) served as a prefectural prefect and was known for his knowledge as a physician — knowledge he learned because his mother was frequently ill — in addition to being an official. Du Pengju's cousin Du Xian served as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Zhongzong's nephew Emperor Xuanzong. Du Hongjian had at least one older brother, Du Lingyuan (杜靈瑗).
Du Hongjian himself was said to be intelligent and studious. After he passed the imperial examination, he was made a military advisor to Emperor Xuanzong's son Li Bin (李玢) the Prince of Yan. Later, at the request of An Sishun, the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Shuofang Circuit (朔方, headquartered in modern Yinchuan, Ningxia), he became An's secretary.
Support of Li Heng as emperor.
In 755, the general An Lushan (An Sishun's stepbrother) rebelled at Fanyang (范陽, in modern Beijing), and by summer 756, the forces of his new state of Yan were approaching the Tang capital Chang'an, forcing Emperor Xuanzong to flee to Chengdu. Emperor Xuanzong's son and crown prince Li Heng, however, did not follow him to Chengdu, but instead considered fleeing to Lingwu (Shuofang Circuit's capital); for the time being, he remained at Pingliang. Meanwhile, with the new circuit military governor Guo Ziyi in the east fighting Yan forces, Du Hongjian was serving as acting military governor at Lingwu, and he conferred with the other key circuit officials — Lu Shaoyou (陸少遊), Cui Yi (崔漪), Lu Jianjin (盧簡金), and Li Han (李涵) — and decided to welcome Li Heng to Lingwu. Li Han thus went to Pingliang and met with Li Heng, who agreed. Du and Cui went south to escort Li Heng to Lingwu, while leaving Wei at Lingwu to prepare for Li Heng's arrival. Once they rendezvoused with Li Heng, they returned to Lingwu with Li Heng.
Once they arrived in Lingwu, Du and another imperial official who had accompanied Li Heng, Pei Mian, advocated that Li Heng should take the throne in light of the emergency the empire was facing. Li Heng agreed, and he was declared emperor (as Emperor Suzong) — an act that Emperor Xuanzong later recognized. He made Du "Zhongshu Sheren" (中書舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省) and soon made him the deputy minister of defense (武部侍郎, "Wubu Shilang").
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
In 757, Emperor Suzong made Du Hongjian the military governor of Hexi Circuit (河西, headquartered in modern Wuwei, Gansu). Later in the year, after joint Tang and Huige forces recaptured Chang'an and the eastern capital Luoyang, Emperor Suzong made Du the military governor of Jingnan Circuit (荊南, headquartered in modern Jingzhou, Hubei). In 759, after the Xiang Prefecture (襄州, in modern Xiangfan, Hubei) army officers Kang Chuyuan (康楚元) and Zhang Jiayan (張嘉延) rebelled and attacked Jingnan's capital Jing Prefecture, Du abandoned Jing Prefecture and fled. As a result, the surrounding prefectures were thrown into panic, and the officials from five surrounding prefectures also fled their posts, into the valleys. The rebellion was eventually put down later in the year by Wei Lun (韋倫) the prefect of Shang Prefecture (商州, in modern Shangluo, Shaanxi). After about a year, Du was recalled to the imperial government to serve as "Shangshu You Cheng" (尚書右丞, one of the secretaries in general of the executive bureau (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng")), deputy minister of civil service affairs (吏部侍郎, "Libu Shilang"), and minister of worship (太常卿, "Taichang Qing").
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
In 762, both Emperor Xuanzong (then "Taishang Huang" (retired emperor)) and Emperor Suzong died in rapid succession, and Emperor Suzong's son Emperor Daizong took the throne. Du Hongjian was put in charge of the burials of Emperors Xuanzong and Suzong. After the two emperors were buried, he was given the honorific title of "Guanglu Daifu" (光祿大夫) and created the Duke of Wei. In 764, Emperor Daizong made him the deputy minister of defense again (now with the title "Bingbu Shilang" (兵部侍郎)) and gave him the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto". He was soon also made "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau. In 765, when Emperor Daizong entered into a peace treaty with Tufan, he had Du and fellow chancellor Yuan Zai sign the treaty with the Tufan emissary.
In 766, after Xichuan Circuit (西川, headquartered in modern Chengdu) was thrown into a state of civil war after the military governor Guo Ying'ai (郭英乂) was killed by the military officer Cui Gan and several other military officers — Bo Maolin (柏茂琳), Yang Zilin (楊子琳), and Li Changkui (李昌夔) — rose to resist Cui, Emperor Daizong made Du the military governor of Xichuan as well as the deputy supreme commander of the region, to try to calm the circuit. On the way, though, Du heard that the military governor of Shannan West Circuit (山南西道, headquartered in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi), Zhang Xiancheng (張獻誠), had been defeated by Cui, and was afraid to advance. He sent messengers to make overtures to Cui, who acted as respectfully as possible and offered bribes to Du. When Du arrived at Chengdu, Cui treated him with the utmost formal respect but did not permit him any actual control over the governance. In response, Du repeatedly recommended to Emperor Daizong to let Cui become military governor while placating Bo, Yang, and Li Changkui by making them prefects of their prefectures. Emperor Daizong reluctantly agreed, although he initially made Cui only the mayor of Chengdu Municipality and the military commander, under Du. In 767, Du requested to return to Chang'an. Emperor Daizong agreed, and he made Cui the military governor and let Du resume his service as chancellor and made Cui the military governor — an action for which the people of the time criticized Du for, believing that he was encouraging rebellion. Upon his return to Chang'an, Du, a devout Buddhist, offered thanks to the Buddha by holding a vegetarian feast for over 1,000 Buddhist monks. Meanwhile, it was said that because Du and his chancellor colleagues Yuan and Wang Jin were all devout Buddhists, Emperor Daizong and the other officials were all influenced by them to become devout Buddhists as well.
In 769, Emperor Daizong wanted to put Du in charge of Luoyang, to replace Wang. Du declined, citing an illness, and was allowed not to go to Luoyang. He further resigned his other posts, including chancellor post, late in 769. He died on December 13, 769. Prior to his death, he undertook tonsure and formally became a Buddhist monk, and by his will was cremated with his ashes placed in a tower, pursuant to Buddhist customs, rather than buried in the ground per Chinese customs of the time, and was much criticized by popular opinions of the time. He was awarded posthumous honors.
Liu Xu, the lead editor of the "Book of Tang", commented about Du:

</doc>
<doc id="19583541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583541" title="Renault GS">
Renault GS

The Renault GS was a Mid-size car automobile manufactured by Renault from 1920 to 1925.
Details and Evolutions.
The GS car and its similar the Renault IG was a cars presented in the Mondial de l'Automobile in Paris in 1919 like remplacent of Type EF.

</doc>
<doc id="19583544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583544" title="Zayed Future Energy Prize">
Zayed Future Energy Prize

The Zayed Future Energy Prize is an annual award which celebrates achievements that reflect impact, innovation, long term vision and leadership in renewable energy and sustainability. The Prize represents the vision of the Late Founding Father Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, who championed environmental stewardship.
Finalists for the prize will be nominated by experts across the globe; the winners will be chosen by a jury chaired by HE Olafur Ragnar Grímsson, President of the Republic of Iceland.
About.
Through the Zayed Future Energy Prize, the United Arab Emirates has been honoring those who have placed a tangible and evident effort in globally advancing renewable energy and sustainable technologies. One of the greatest unifying challenges the world faces today is the urgency to address climate change, promote sustainable development and encourage innovation in renewable energy technologies. 
Each year, an individual, organization or a nongovernmental agency is recognized for groundbreaking achievement in developing and deploying solutions to our future energy needs. The following represents a breakdown of the Prize categories:

</doc>
<doc id="19583576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583576" title="Loganathan Sabanayagam">
Loganathan Sabanayagam

Alleged to be one of six original founding members, Loganathan Sabanayagam was the leader of the Tamil Tigers in Canada and a document forger. After his arrest, Canada was forced to update the security measures on its passports.
Known by the alias "Maran", he was a cousin to Velupillai Prabhakaran.
He was arrested in 1992, following an investigative report in the Toronto Star uncovered his forgery ring, after police dismissed a phone call from cleaning staff in December 1991 alerting them that forgery tools had been found in his apartment. Reporters Dale Brazao and Paul Watson went to meet the cleaning staff, and gathered the evidence while posing as prospective tenants.
Sabanayagam's partner in the forgery ring, Santhakumar Kumarasamy, was arrested in 1990 and was the first Canadian ever convicted of passport fraud, but died in prison prior to Sabanayagam's charges being laid.
Sabanayagam, whom prosecutors argued tried to "subvert the sovereignty" of Canada, pleaded guilty to forgery and was sentenced to 15 months imprisonment followed by 18 months released on probation. He appeared at his bail hearing wearing a Tamil Tigers shirt.

</doc>
<doc id="19583581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583581" title="Giovanni Fabbroni">
Giovanni Fabbroni

Giovanni Valentino Mattia Fabbroni (13 February 1752, Florence, Italy – 17 December 1822, Pisa, Italy) was an Italian naturalist, economist, agronomist and chemist.
In 1775 he collaborated with Felice Fontana in setting up the natural history museum in Florence ("Museo di Fisica e Storia Naturale di Firenze"). From 1777 to 1778 he wrote "Reflexions sur l'état actuel de l'agricolture", a work which had a considerable impact on farming in Tuscany. He became a member of the Accademia dei Georgofili in 1783.
Fabbroni took on an increasing role in Florentine society as a proponent of economic liberalism and agrarian reform, and was a supporter of Leopold II. He continued to write scholarly works such as "Dell'Antracite o carbone di cava detto volgarmente carbone fossile" (1790).
During the Napoleonic era, Fabbroni was influential in the development of the metric system and in its introduction to Italy. He also carried out research into electrochemistry, particularly into Volta's pile.
The crater Fabbroni on the Moon is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19583600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583600" title="Upper Lakeville">
Upper Lakeville

Upper Lakeville is a small community on the Eastern Shore of the Halifax Regional Municipality, in the Musquodoboit/Sheet Harbour region of the Marine Drive, in Nova Scotia. Upper Lakeville road is located on the junction of Trunk 7, 55.3 km from Dartmouth, and 58.9 km from Halifax.
Communications.
The postal code is B0J 1W0
The telephone exchange is 902 845 -Aliant.

</doc>
<doc id="19583623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583623" title="Edward Williams (American football)">
Edward Williams (American football)

Edward Williams (born November 24, 1982 in Montgomery, Alabama) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Lane.
Williams has been a member of the Baltimore Ravens and Cleveland Browns.

</doc>
<doc id="19583715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583715" title="Root Beer Rag">
Root Beer Rag

"Root Beer Rag" is a song from Billy Joel's 1974 album "Streetlife Serenade". An instrumental track in a very fast ragtime style, it was later released as the B-side of the "Honesty" single, and a live version was included with the DVD that was part of the 30th anniversary re-release of "The Stranger".
The German a cappella group Wise Guys recorded a notable cover version of the song. The original version by Joel was also used as the theme music to a 1980s sports program in New Zealand broadcast by TV One. It was also used in the 1980s on Radio Bayern 3 in Germany for the Saturday and Sunday late morning show called "Musikbox". The song is in C major and makes up one of three studio instrumentals that he has released.
"Root Beer Rag" was also the name of a Billy Joel newsletter (now defunct) published in the late 1970s to early 1980s.
In response to an audience question about the song's origin during one of Joel's musical lectures, Joel gave the following explanation: I got my first Moog Synthesizer. This was in the mid 70s and I got my first Moog and I put it on every record. I said 'I have to write an instrumental where I can use this Moog Synthesizer. It kinda turned me off the synthesizers forever after. That's why I wrote that song. Just purely out of stupid self-indulgence.

</doc>
<doc id="19583721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583721" title="The Garden Book">
The Garden Book

The Garden Book is a 2005 novel by Australian author Brian Castro.

</doc>
<doc id="19583732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583732" title="Correia (football club)">
Correia (football club)

Correia is a football club that plays in the island of São Tomé in São Tomé and Príncipe. The team plays in the São Tomé Island League's second level. It never won any titles.

</doc>
<doc id="19583778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583778" title="Stress measures">
Stress measures

The most commonly used measure of stress is the Cauchy stress tensor, often called simply "the" stress tensor or "true stress". However, several other measures of stress can be defined. Some such stress measures that are widely used in continuum mechanics, particularly in the computational context, are:
Definitions of stress measures.
Consider the situation shown the following figure. The following definitions use the notations shown in the figure. 
In the reference configuration formula_7, the outward normal to a surface element formula_8 is formula_9 and the traction acting on that surface is formula_10 leading to a force vector formula_11. In the deformed configuration formula_12, the surface element changes to formula_13 with outward normal formula_14 and traction vector formula_15 leading to a force formula_16. Note that this surface can either be a hypothetical cut inside the body or an actual surface.
Cauchy stress.
The Cauchy stress (or true stress) is a measure of the force acting on an element of area in the deformed configuration. This tensor is symmetric and is defined via
or
where formula_15 is the traction and formula_14 is the normal to the surface on which the traction acts.
Kirchhoff stress.
The quantity formula_21 is called the Kirchhoff stress tensor and is used widely in numerical algorithms in metal plasticity (where there
is no change in volume during plastic deformation).
Nominal stress/First Piola-Kirchhoff stress.
The nominal stress formula_22 is the transpose of the first Piola-Kirchhoff stress (PK1 stress) formula_3 and is defined via
or
This stress is unsymmetric and is a two point tensor like the deformation gradient. This is because it "relates the force in the deformed configuration to an oriented area vector in the reference configuration."
Second Piola-Kirchhoff stress.
If we pull back formula_16 to the reference configuration, we have
or, 
The PK2 stress (formula_5) is symmetric and is defined via the relation
Therefore,
Biot stress.
The Biot stress is useful because it is energy conjugate to the right stretch tensor formula_32. The Biot stress is defined as the symmetric part of the tensor formula_33 where formula_34 is the rotation tensor obtained from a polar decomposition of the deformation gradient. Therefore the Biot stress tensor is defined as
The Biot stress is also called the Jaumann stress. 
The quantity formula_6 does not have any physical interpretation. However, the unsymmetrized Biot stress has the interpretation
Relations between stress measures.
Relations between Cauchy stress and nominal stress.
From Nanson's formula relating areas in the reference and deformed configurations:
Now, 
Hence,
or,
or,
In index notation,
Therefore,
Note that formula_2 and formula_3 are not symmetric because formula_47 is not symmetric.
Relations between nominal stress and second P-K stress.
Recall that
and
Therefore,
or (using the symmetry of formula_5),
In index notation,
Alternatively, we can write
Relations between Cauchy stress and second P-K stress.
Recall that
In terms of the 2nd PK stress, we have
Therefore,
In index notation,
Since the Cauchy stress (and hence the Kirchhoff stress) is symmetric, the 2n PK stress is also symmetric.
Alternatively, we can write
or, 
Clearly, from definition of the push-forward and pull-back operations, we have
and 
Therefore, formula_5 is the pull back of formula_1 by formula_47 and formula_1 is the push forward of formula_5.

</doc>
<doc id="19583817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583817" title="The Kilns">
The Kilns

The Kilns, which may also be known as C. S. Lewis House, is the house on the outskirts of Headington Quarry (where Lewis is buried at Holy Trinity Church) in the village of Risinghurst, Oxford, England, where the author C. S. Lewis wrote all of his famous Narnia books and other classics. The house itself was featured in the Narnia books. Lewis's gardener at The Kilns, Fred Paxford, is said to have inspired the character of Puddleglum the Marshwiggle in "The Silver Chair".
The Kilns was built in 1922 on the site of a former brickworks. The lake in the garden is a flooded clay pit. In 1930, The Kilns was bought by C. S. Lewis, his brother Warnie Lewis, and Mrs Janie Moore. Maureen Dunbar, Janie Moore's daughter, also lived there. C. S. Lewis wrote of the house: "I never hoped for the like". Mrs Moore was the mother of Lewis's university friend Paddy Moore, who had been killed in the First World War.
The house is located in what is now called Lewis Close, south of Kiln Lane.
The Kilns is currently owned and operated by the C.S. Lewis Foundation, who runs it as the Study Centre at the Kilns.

</doc>
<doc id="19583829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583829" title="Rick Baldwin (baseball)">
Rick Baldwin (baseball)

Rickey Alan Baldwin (born June 1, 1953) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He threw right-handed and batted left-handed. In his three-season career, he played for the New York Mets (-). 
Baldwin was drafted by the New York Mets in the 9th round of the 1971 amateur draft on June 8, 1971. He made his major league debut on April 10, 1975, pitching a scoreless eighth inning in the Mets second game of the season, a 3-2 11-inning loss to the Philadelphia Phillies at Shea Stadium. Baldwin finished the season with a 3-5 record and six saves in 54 appearances (all in relief), with a 3.33 ERA in 97.3 innings of work.
In the season, Baldwin had only 11 appearances, ending the season with a 0-0 record and no saves in 22.7 innings, with an ERA of 2.38. Baldwin had a 1-2 record and one save in in 40 appearances, with a 4.45 ERA in 62.7 innings. Baldwin's final major league appearance was on October 2, 1977, when he faced two batters in the ninth inning, earning a save in a 6-4 Met win over the St. Louis Cardinals at Busch Stadium.
Baldwin was drafted by the Seattle Mariners from the Mets on December 5, 1977 in that year's rule 5 draft. in the season he had a 3-5 record with the Triple-A San Jose Missions (a Mariners affiliate) in the Pacific Coast League and a 3-3 record with the Columbus Clippers of the Triple-A International League (an affiliate of the Pittsburgh Pirates).

</doc>
<doc id="19583855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583855" title="The Buddhism Palm Strikes Back">
The Buddhism Palm Strikes Back

The Buddhism Palm Strikes Back is a Hong Kong "wuxia" comedy television series based on Wong Yuk-long's manhua series "Buddha's Palm". The series was first broadcast on TVB Jade in Hong Kong in 1993.
Plot.
The legendary Buddha's Palm is the most powerful skill in the "kong-woo" (martial artists' community) that any fighter can learn. A long time ago, Lung Kim-fei used the skill to defeat Tin Cam-kiuk, and had since retired from the "kong-woo". Lung laid down a family rule, forbidding his descendants from learning the skill, and hid the Buddha's Palm manual, in order to prevent them from misusing it.
70 years later, a mysterious red-haired martial artist known as "For-wun Tse-san" (literally: Fire Cloud Evil Deity) appears and goes on a rampage to kill several people before challenging the five major sects to a fight. The five sects misbelieve that Lung Kim-sang, a descendant of Lung Kim-fei, is responsible for the killings and attack him. In fact, Lung Kim-sang does not know any martial arts and relies on his wit and intelligence to survive. When For-wun Tse-san learns that Lung Kim-sang is a descendant of Lung Kim-fei, he starts harassing Lung Kim-sang to force him to hand over the Buddha's Palm manual.
Lung Kim-sang meets Kung-suen Ling-fung, a maiden from the Omei Sect, and she falls in love with him and follows him on his adventures. At one point, Kung-suen gives up her virginity to save Lung's life after he is poisoned by For-wun Tse-san. Lung loses his memory after regaining consciousness and meets Fung Ching-ching and falls in love with her. However, when he remembers everything, he finds himself in a complicated love triangle.
Throughout his adventures, Lung Kim-sang learns martial arts from extraordinary people, such as Tung-to Cheung-lei. Eventually, he finds the Buddha's Palm manual in the old Lung family residence and masters the skill, becoming an invincible fighter. Lung defeats For-wun Tse-san, putting an end to the latter's evil plan. However, he is unaware that Tin Heung, a descendant of Tin Cam-kiuk, has been secretly plotting to kill him to avenge her ancestor. Lung and Tin have a final showdown and Lung emerges victorious eventually, restoring peace and becoming a respected hero in the "kong-woo".

</doc>
<doc id="19583859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583859" title="Black River, St. John County">
Black River, St. John County

Black River is a small community just outside of Saint John on Route 825 in the Canadian province of New Brunswick. There are 2 other communities in New Brunswick with the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19583874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583874" title="Chris Nicholson (magician)">
Chris Nicholson (magician)

Chris Nicholson is an award winning close up magician who starred in the popular teenage magic show, Playing Tricks.
Biography.
Nicholson grew up in Brighton and began learning magic from the age of 10. He won his first award from The Magic Circle Youth Initiative when he was just 15 years old.
His first television appearance was on MTV's 'On Call' with Richard Blackwood. Nicholson impressed the presenter who said "David Blaine, this man here might mash you up!" After making an impact on Blackwood and the viewers, he successfully auditioned for the new hidden camera magic show that aired on Trouble TV's, Playing Tricks. The show featured seven of Britain's finest young magicians performing to an unsuspecting public. Although the show only lasted one series, the show was well received and was one of Trouble's highest rated homemade programmes. It is still repeated today on Trouble, Challenge and FTN.
Nicholson went on to appear on Ready Steady Cook with fellow Playing Tricks star Tariq Knight. He also appeared on ITV2's 'A Few Records More' and broke the Guinness World Record for Most Bras Unhooked in One Minute.
He is also part of the comedy duo, Black and Paris, under his other alias, Chris Paris. He and his partner, Matt Black, performed a number of stage shows with magic, comedy and special guests. They made an impact on the magic world with a parody of David Blaine's stunt where he lived above the River Thames in a transparent Plexiglas case for 44 days; Black and Paris lived in a cardboard box on Brighton beach for 44 hours while interacting with the local residents. They also made an appearance on the Sky One hit show, 'Whatever'.

</doc>
<doc id="19583939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583939" title="Religion in Atlanta">
Religion in Atlanta

Religion in Atlanta, while historically centered around Protestant Christianity, now involves many faiths as a result of the city and metro area's increasingly international population. While Protestant Christianity still maintains a strong presence in the city, in recent decades Catholicism has gained a strong foothold due to migration patterns. Atlanta also has a considerable number of ethnic Christian congregations, such as Korean Baptist, Methodist, and Presbyterian Churches, the Tamil Church Atlanta, Telugu Church, Hindi Church, Malayalam Church, Ethiopian, Chinese, and many more traditional ethnic religious groups. Large non-Christian faiths are present in the form of Judaism and Hinduism. Overall, there are over 1,000 places of worship within Atlanta.
Christianity.
Protestant.
Protestant Christian faiths are well represented in Atlanta, the city historically being a major center for traditional Southern denominations such as the Southern Baptist Convention, the United Methodist Church, and the Presbyterian Church (USA). 
African-American Baptist congregations such as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s Ebenezer Baptist Church and Rev. William Holmes Borders' Wheat Street Baptist Church, were instrumental in the Black Civil Rights Movement in the 1950s and 1960s.
Atlanta is also the see of the Episcopal Diocese of Atlanta, which includes all of northern Georgia, much of middle Georgia and the Chattahoochee River valley of western Georgia. This Diocese is headquartered at the Cathedral of St Philip in Buckhead and is led by the Right Reverend J. Neil Alexander.
Atlanta serves as headquarters for several regional church bodies also. The Southeastern Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America maintains offices in downtown Atlanta; ELCA parishes are numerous throughout the metro area. There are eight United Church of Christ congregations in the Atlanta metro area, one of which, First Congregational, at the corner of Courtland Street and John Wesley Dobbs Ave. downtown, is noted as the favored church of the city's black elite including Andrew Young, for its famous minister Henry H. Proctor and for President Taft having visited in 1898.
Traditional African-American denominations such as the National Baptist Convention and the African Methodist Episcopal Church are strongly represented in the area. These churches have several seminaries that form the Interdenominational Theological Center complex in the Atlanta University Center.
Protestant megachurches.
Megachurches in the area include pastor Andy Stanley's North Point Community Church in Alpharetta, which Forbes magazine ranked as the third largest church in the United States, and the First Baptist Church of Woodstock, with 14,000 members. Primarily African American megachurches in Metro Atlanta include Creflo Dollar's World Changers Church International in College Park claiming nearly 30,000 members, Eddie Long's New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in Lithonia with 25,000 members, and Cameron M. Alexander's 12,000-member Antioch Baptist Church North in English Avenue, Atlanta. Atlanta ranks second in megachurches behind Houston.
Catholic.
In contrast to other Southern cities, Atlanta contains a large, and rapidly growing, Roman Catholic population. The number of Catholics grew from 292,300 members in 1998 to 900,000 members in 2010, an increase of 207 percent. The population is expected to top 1 million by 2011. The increase is fueled by Catholics moving to Atlanta from other parts of the U.S. and the world, and from newcomers to the church. About 16 percent of all metropolitan Atlanta residents are Catholic. As the see of the 84 parish Archdiocese of Atlanta, Atlanta serves as the metropolitan see for the Province of Atlanta. The archdiocesan cathedral is the Cathedral of Christ the King and the current archbishop is the Most Rev. Wilton D. Gregory. Also located in the metropolitan area are several Eastern Catholic parishes which fall in the jurisdiction of Eastern Catholic eparchies for the Melkite, Maronite, Syro-Malabar, and Byzantine Catholics.
Eastern Orthodox.
The city hosts the Greek Orthodox Annunciation Cathedral, the see of the Metropolis of Atlanta and its bishop, Alexios. Other Orthodox Christian jurisdictions represented by parishes in the Atlanta area include the Antiochian Orthodox Church, the Russian Orthodox Church, the Romanian Orthodox Church, the Ukrainian Orthodox Church, the Serbian Orthodox Church and the Orthodox Church in America.
Other Christian.
The headquarters for The Salvation Army's United States Southern Territory is located in Atlanta. The denomination has eight churches, numerous social service centers, and youth clubs located throughout the Atlanta area.
The city has a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints located in the suburb of Sandy Springs, Georgia.
Non-Christian faiths.
Metro Atlanta's Jewish community is estimated to include 120,000 persons in 61,300 households. As of 2006, Atlanta's Jewish population is the 11th largest in the United States, up from 17th largest in 1996. There are eruvim in the Virginia Highland and Toco Hills neighborhoods inside the Perimeter, as well as in Dunwoody, Sandy Springs and Alpharetta in the North metro area.
The BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir Atlanta in adjacent Lilburn, Georgia is currently the largest Hindu temple in the world outside of India. It is one of approximately 15 Hindu temples in the metro Atlanta area, along with 7 other Hindu temples in Georgia serving nearly 100,000 Hindus in Atlanta, Augusta, Macon, Perry, Savannah, Columbus, Rome/Cartersville and other remote centers.
There are an estimated 75,000 Muslims in the area and approximately 35 mosques. The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid of Atlanta, is located on 14th Street in Midtown Atlanta. 
Buddhist temples in Metro Atlanta include the Tibetan Buddhist Drepung Loseling Monastery in Brookhaven, associated with Emory University and where the Dalai Lama has spoken.
Jesus Junction.
In local popular culture, Jesus Junction is the nickname for the intersection of Peachtree Street, East Wesley Road and West Wesley Road in the Buckhead area of the city, at which three churches are located. The churches at the intersection are:
External links.
Jamillah Karim, Negotiating Gender Lines: Women’s Movement across Atlanta Mosques, "Southern Spaces", 31 May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19583949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583949" title="List of hospitals in Cameroon">
List of hospitals in Cameroon

The following is a list of hospitals in Cameroon by province.

</doc>
<doc id="19583953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583953" title="East Pyramids">
East Pyramids

The East Pyramids comprise a group of three steep, rocky islets, with a combined area of 6.69 ha, in south-eastern Australia. They are part of the Mutton Bird Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. They are also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The islets are part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Flora and fauna.
What vegetation there is on these rocks is dominated by "Poa", Pig Face and ferns. Recorded breeding seabird species are the Fairy Prion (100 pairs), Pacific Gull, Silver Gull and Black-faced Cormorant.

</doc>
<doc id="19583968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583968" title="The Triumphs of a Man Called Horse">
The Triumphs of a Man Called Horse

The Triumphs of a Man Called Horse is a 1982 American Western film directed by John Hough and starring Richard Harris, Michael Beck and Ana De Sade. Harris reprised his role as British aristocrat John Morgan, 8th Earl of Kildare, who becomes a member of the Lakota Sioux. It was the final film of the trilogy after "A Man Called Horse" (1970) and "The Return of a Man Called Horse" (1976).
Synopsis.
Now in his 60s, Morgan is the chief of the Sioux and is much hated by white men because "many's a white man's died from the tricks he taught the Sioux." However, the government calls Horse to peace talks. But someone with a rifle assassinates him and his men after the meeting.
His son (Michael Beck), who was raised among the Sioux but was sent away to school in the East, returns to deal both with white settlers encroaching on the Sioux lands and with his own people who want to go to war. He also meets an attractive young woman who happens to be a Crow, the traditional enemy of the Sioux. In the end, it is revealed that Horse was murdered by a phony preacher who wanted to start a war so he could get the Sioux's lands. Horse's son and his Crow girlfriend have a traditional showdown with the preacher and his head honcho. At the end, Horse's son sees the triumphant spirit of his father in full chief regalia.

</doc>
<doc id="19583970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583970" title="Alexandru Busuioceanu">
Alexandru Busuioceanu

Alexandru Busuioceanu (January 1896 – March 13, 1961) was a Romanian essayist, poet, historian and diplomat.
As a historian he wrote studies about Zamolxis, the god of the ancient Dacians. He also wrote art books on the paintings in the collection of the Romanian Royal Family and on the watercolour paintings of Amedeo Preziosi. 
He died in Madrid in mysterious circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="19583991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19583991" title="Adelaide Central Plaza">
Adelaide Central Plaza

Adelaide Central Plaza is located on Rundle Mall, Adelaide. Its major tenant is David Jones. The centre also includes a food court, 40 retail outlets. The centre covers a floor space of about 27,784 square metres over five levels. John Martins used to be the major tenant of the Plaza before David Jones took over.

</doc>
<doc id="19584006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584006" title="Menangle Park Paceway">
Menangle Park Paceway

Menangle Park Paceway is a harness racing track operating in Menangle Park, New South Wales, Australia.
History.
The "Menangle Park Racecourse" was opened in 1914 and after the outbreak of World War I, it was requisitioned as an army camp used for the Australian Light Horse. The facility was returned to the owners for horse racing, until 18 November 1941, when the racecourse was again taken over by the military during World War II.
The racecourse was converted into a military camp, providing camping and training facilities for Royal Australian Air Force constructed an aerodrome at the site in 1942, which went through the middle of the racecourse, which was known as "Menangle Aerodrome". The aerodrome was a satellite aerodrome for RAAF Station Schofields and the runway was long and wide. Seven splinterproof pens and five concealed hideouts were constructed at the aerodrome. The site was also used as an aircraft park for HMS Nabthorpe, a Royal Navy Mobile Operational Naval Air Base, based at Schofields.
Units based at Menangle Aerodrome.
After the abandonment of Menangle aerodrome, the site was a location for scenes for the film Smithy based on the historic flight of Charles Kingsford Smith. The NSW Trotting Club acquired the site in 1952 and redeveloped the racecourse as a paceway, which officially opened on 26 September 1953.
The newly re-constructed Menangle Park Paceway (opened in 2008) is the fastest and largest harness racing circuit in Australia at 1400 metres, and is now the major harness racing venue in New South Wales, hosting major events such as the Miracle Mile. In 2011, the track saw the first sub 1:50 mile ever run in Australasia, with Smoken Up running 1:48.5 in the Len Smith Mile.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19584013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584013" title="Richard Marx session discography">
Richard Marx session discography

This is a list of Richard Marx's session work playing various instruments and singing background vocals for various artists.
__TOC__</noinclude>
1980s.
1982<br>
Lionel Richie - Lionel Richie
1983<br>
Lionel Richie - Can't Slow Down
1984<br>
George Benson - 20/20
Chicago - Chicago 17
Julio Iglesias - 1100 Bel Air Place
Fee Waybill - Read My Lips
1985<br>
Whitney Houston - Whitney Houston
1986<br>
Madonna - True Blue
1987<br>
Barbra Streisand - One Voice
1988<br>
Vixen - Vixen
1989<br>
Michael Bolton - Soul Provider
Billy Joel - Storm Front
1990s.
1990<br>
Tim Feehan - Full Contact
1995<br>
Michael Bolton - Greatest Hits (1985-1995)
Amy Sky - Cool Rain
1997<br>
Fee Waybill - Don't Be Scared By These Hands
1998<br>
Sarah Brightman - Eden
1999<br>
Barbra Streisand - A Love Like Ours
2000s.
2000<br>
Natalie Cole - Greatest Hits-Volume 1
Barry Mann - Soul And Inspiration
Kenny Rogers - There You Go Again
2001<br>
Natalie Cole - Love Songs
Josh Groban - Josh Groban
2002<br>
Michael Bolton - Only A Woman Like You
Chris Botti - December
Marie Sisters - Marie Sisters
Olivia Newton-John - (2)
Barbra Streisand - Duets
2003<br>
Chicago - The Box
Billy Ray Cyrus - The Other Side
Kenny Loggins - It's About Time
Kristy Starling - Kristy Starling
Luther Vandross - Dance With My Father
2004<br>
Sissel - My Heart
2005<br>
Disney's Happiest Celebration On Earth: 50 Years
2006<br>
Sister Hazel - Absolutely
Luther Vandross - The Ultimate Luther Vandross
2007<br>
Kenny Loggins - How About Now
New Music From An Old Friend
2008<br>
George Canyon - What I Do
2009<br>
Katherine Jenkins - Believe
Red - Innocence & Instinct
Vertical Horizon - Burning The Days
2010s.
2010 <br>
Ringo Starr - Y Not
Rhonda Vincent - Taken
2013<br>
Heart
Vertical Horizon - Echoes From The Underground

</doc>
<doc id="19584027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584027" title="Corner the Con Man">
Corner the Con Man

Corner the Con Man (皇家反千組) is a TVB television series, premiering in 1997. The theme song "Splendid Story" (精彩故事), and subtheme song "Has You Rarely" (難得有你) was composed by Joseph Koo, lyrics by Wong Jim, arrangement by Joseph Koo and Chiu Tsang Hei, and sung by Roman Tam.
Synopsis.
Jiang Yiju (Bobby Au Yeung) comes from a long line of card sharps and confidence men, however rather than using the skills he has learnt for crime, Jiang Yiju is instead a policeman of the Hong Kong Police Force who, together with a small squad of officers, uses his understanding of confidence tricks and tricksters to catch them. His choice of career however sees him come into conflict with members of his extended family dismayed to see their own tricks used against themselves.
Chen Weichen (Monica Chan) is Jiang Yiju's fiancee, wishing to put off marriage, Jiang has a long standing standing bet with Chen, that if she can beat him at mahjong she can name the day of their marriage, with the knowledge that with his skills at the game that it would be impossible for her to do so without him throwing the game. However to his dismay Jiang learns after one such game (by examining the discards) that, having been together for so long, Chen has learnt enough of his own card sharping skills to be able to beat him and that it has been her that has been throwing the games in his favour. Realising that this means that she is on the verge of giving up on their relationship Jiang must therefore ask himself does he love being a bachelor more than Chen?

</doc>
<doc id="19584098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584098" title="Betty Suarez Land">
Betty Suarez Land

"Betty Suarez Land" is the fourth episode in the third season, the 45th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on October 16, 2008. The episode was written by Chris Black and directed by Michael Spiller. The episode is the last appearance of Rebecca Romijn on the series.
Plot.
The story begins with Betty arriving at the courthouse, but as a diversion: she was there to keep the press from seeing Daniel, who snuck in the side door to see Alexis from her holding cell. As Alexis apologizes to Daniel, she reveals to her brother that he was not the father of Daniel Jr., as Alexis tells her brother the truth about the paternity results, in which she admitted that she also slept with the hand model, resulting in Daniel fighting his sister as the security cameras looks on.
Back at work, Betty asks Hilda about why she still wants to continue seeing Tony. Then her former semi-romantic interest Gio returns and Betty is thrilled. However, Gio is displeased to see Betty as his trip to Rome alone is not as enjoyable as planned. In fact, he tells her he hates her, especially after she turned down his offer to go to Rome and even bans her from both his deli and his life. But Betty won't let a little thing like his anger over being dumped get in the way of their friendship, so she schemes to corner Gio by having him deliver dinner to her apartment, which would set a lot of things in motion for Betty, in which she would acquire a cheese ball (scamorza) after he mentions his favorite brand after returning from Italy. 
Daniel learns from his attorney that DJ's grandparents from France have shown up to reclaim custody, now that they know the truth about Alexis being the father. Fearing that DJ will be taken away without explanation, Daniel entrusts DJ to Betty who brings him home to her apartment, adding to more problems for Betty. Later on, when he gets to the apartment, Gio is coerced by Betty to stay and shows both Gio and DJ a scrapbook of her American adventure, but Gio is not convinced and reveals that he loves her and is heartbroken when she turned down his offer for the trip to Rome. But before the two can talk it over, all of a sudden the third problem would show up when Tony's wife stops by Betty's apartment, thinking she's the one having an affair with Tony, and when Daniel calls to warn her about DJ's grandparents coming to claim him, Betty believes it's the grandparents after the woman answers the intercom after DJ accidentally pushes it. So she and Gio take DJ to Coney Island, where Daniel eventually comes to his senses by revealing to Betty and Gio the truth, devastating DJ, who runs away. After Gio finds him, Daniel tells DJ he'll go back to France with them and despite not being his real father, they will always be as close.
As the now-arrested Alexis goes through a roller coaster of legal tribulations, including possibly being tried for attempted murder and being denied bail for attempting to kill Christina and the unborn baby instead of getting a misdemeanor sentence, Claire decides to makes a deal with Wilhelmina, who is of course behind the harsh sentence in an effort to get back at her former ally and buy out her stake in Meade Publications, thanks to her affair with the DA. Wilhelmina then offers Alexis to drop her charges in exchange of her share of the publication. As Alexis discovers Wilhelmina's plans, Alexis turns down Wilhelmina's offer. But Claire, who knows all about Wilhelmina and the DA (since Claire has given money to the DA's campaign) adds an incentive part to the deal that guarantees all charges against Alexis being dropped by splitting all of Alexis' shares of Meade Publications between Daniel and Wilhelmina (even though it will go to the unborn child), thus making them 50-50 partners and co-editors-in-chief of Mode. Claire tells Wilhelmina the importance of family as something she does not understand, much to Willi's chagrin. In the end, Wilhelmina is pleased with the deal, then hints to Marc that when she gets the other half she'll be much closer to ruling Meade Publications.
Finally, Hilda is hopeful that she'll have a happy romantic ending with Tony, when the wife goes to see Hilda at the Suarez home after she left Betty's place and pleads with Hilda to tell Betty, whom she mistakes for Hilda because of the apartment, to back off so she can work on her marriage, after she thought that "Betty" was seeing a "French guy". As poor Hilda sympathizes with the woman, she decides that its time to let Tony go after he tells her he'll tell his wife that the money's on the dresser and he's done with her, and does just that. But Hilda feeling responsible for ending Tony's marriage tells him that it is over and he should go back to his wife. 
In the end, Betty and Gio finally got a chance to talk and as Gio left, he told her that they were still friends, while at the Suarez home the family consoled Hilda. There were goodbyes for Alexis, as Daniel and Claire hugged her before heading off to France, where she plans to get to know her son.
Production.
This was the fifth episode in the series' run that had a product placement used in its storyline, as Healthy Choice's newest product "Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers" played a part in a scene in which Amanda tells Betty about trying one after she pulled out a drawer full of them.
Casting.
This episode marks Rebecca Romijn's last appearance in the series. Also, Ashley Jensen is absent from this episode.
The episode also marks the last appearance of the show for Julian De La Celle and Eddie Cibrian.
Trivia.
The person that says "previously on "Ugly Betty"" is Alexis.
Ratings.
The episode continued to hold on to its second place showing with a 5.6/9, with 2.6/8 among 18-49s and 8.2 million viewers overall watching.
Receptions.
The whole episode as well as Gio's return were well received. Zap2it states: "Ahh, Gio's back with a vengeance on "Ugly Betty" as the grumpy, smart-assed and annoying guy that I first grew to know and love. Yup, that means that abrasive chemistry with Betty is back. The writers are obviously revitalized because there's just a better sense of purpose and fun this season."
Music.
"Lost" by Coldplay - played at the end of the episode

</doc>
<doc id="19584103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584103" title="Justice Sung II">
Justice Sung II

Justice Sung II (狀王宋世傑(貳)) is a Hong Kong television series. It was first run on TVB in 1999.
Plot.
Episodes 1-3.
The story picks up from what was left off in the first installment. Sung Sai Kit (宋世傑) along with his wife, Lin Lung (白玲瓏), and his family, which now includes his son, are trying to elude the Ching officials because he had offended the King's mother and she wants him dead. Seven years later, the Sung family is residing in a northern cold region called San Tong. Sung Sai Kit opens a medicine shop with the help of his wife, who knows medicine and martial arts well.
Along the way, Sun Sai Kit meets Lai Sam, who is a peasant with a greedy and evil personality. They can be considered mutual friends at first, but becomes enemies later. Sai Kit also meets Siu Chui, an orphan whose father just died. She seeks the help of anyone who can help her bury her father, in return, she will do anything this person wants. Sai Kit sees this and tries to buy her, but another rich guy has the upper hand and wins her instead. Little did she know that this rich guy is a pervert and intends to rape her at an abandoned house. Fortunately, Sai Kit saves her in time and she decides to be his peasant for the rest of her life. Sai Kit admires her beauty and intends to make her his second wife. His wife, without knowing, interferes and Sai Kit had to make an excuse that Siu Chui belongs to Lai Sam, who immediately agrees because he also admires her beauty. He, like the rich guy, intends to rape her also, but Lin Lung's disciple, Cho Kau, saves her.
Lin Lung sees that Siu Chui is the only person who can get their son to speak. Their son has an unusual sickness that makes not speak, write or read. This was the result of Sai Kit, who had accidentally cause this. Lin Lung decides to let Siu Chui and their seven-year-old son marry. Sai Kit misunderstood that Lin Lung is making plans to allow him to marry Siu Chui. On the wedding day, Sai Kit is shocked to see that Siu Chui will be his daughter-in-law. He is depressed and during the night of the celebration, a headless person riding on a white horse crashes the celebration. Thus, leading to a mysterious case.
This case piques Sai Kit's interest because that's his lifelong profession. His wife, however, forbids him to meddle in these kinds business because they are criminals on the run and if Sai Kit makes a public appearance in front of the Ching generals and officials, their family will likely die.
It turns out that the headless corpse is that of a great general named Tit Tau. He is the great general who helped the Sung dynasty win many battles and is the best friend of the King's brother, Kung Chan Yeung. It is through Kung Chan Yeung that the identification of headless body is known. Tit Tau has three scars on his body due to his many battles and Kung Chan Yeung knows about these.
Sai Kit becomes even more interested and wants to do anything to solve the case, even enlisting the help of Lai Sam in which he will be the lawyer.
Episodes 4-6.
Note: For the rest of the summaries, I will replace the name of Sung Sai Kit with Justice Sung. Also, there was an error in episode 1-3. If you see the Sung dynasty, it should be the Ching dynasty.
Lai Sam is now a lawyer on the case, but he does not know anything. It is Justice Sung that is directing him. Many lawyers develop their theory on how Tit Tau died, but the best only came from Lai Sam with the help of Justice Sung. He alleges that only someone who can get near Tit Tau and his horse can chop off his head.
At this time Lai Sam tries every attempt to rape Siu Chui and luckily Cho Kau saves her, but Lai Sam, angered and vindictive, plans to accuse and blame Cho Kau of the murder of Tit Tau. Justice Sung finds out and refuses to help Lai Sam, but soon is forced to comply because Lai Sam threatens. It turns out that Lai Sam has discovered that Justice Sung is the well-known justice that the Ching officials have been trying to seek. Lai Sam orders Justice Sung to help him or he will reveal Justice Sung's identity. Justice Sung can not do anything but agree to because he must protect his family's safety. Thus, Cho Kau is arrested after Lai Sam explained his theory on Cho Kau killed Tit Tau. First, Lai Sam asked Cho Kau to come near Tit Tau's white horse. The horse does not react and allows Cho Kau to touch him. Lai Sam then explains that the white horse is very rebellious and only let those that he trusts, touch him. Cho Kau was able to touch the white horse, therefore he should be able to get near Tit Tau. The next test is asking Cho Kau to chop a piece of log. Cho Kau then chops it with fierce force. Lai Sam explains only a person with great power and force will be able to chop off Tit Tau's head. The final test was Cho Kau's origin. He was born in some region that its native people were killed by Tit Tau. This would explain Cho Kau's motive because he wants revenge. These three evidence proved him to be the killer and Kung Chan Yeung holds him captive waiting for sentence in a few days.
Meanwhile, Lai Sam asks Justice Sung to set him up with Siu Chui. Justice Sung reluctantly agrees and lied to Siu Chui to make her drink this medicine which is a sleeping pill. However, his wife, Ling Lung accidentally drinks it and she falls asleep in Siu Chui's bedroom. Loi Sam comes and thinks that she' s Siu Chui. Justice Sung does not know about this until Siu Chui shows up at his room and she told him Ling Lung had taken the medicine. Justice Sung runs to Siu Chui's room and stops Lai Sam, telling him that the person lying on the bed is wife. However, Lai Sam doesn't stop and wants to continue. Justice Sung has taken enough and hits Lai Sam, thus causing Lai Sam to leave in defeat.
Justice Sung now knows that his identity will be made public and he asks his family to leave during the night. The next morning, he comes to the court and declares his identity. At first, some didn't believe him until he described his case in a very detailed manner. Everybody now agrees that he' s Justice Sung. However, he must help Cho Kau to get rid of his guilty sentence and ask Kung Chan Yeung to let him have a few days to find evidence. Kung Chan Yeung agrees.
When Justice Sung return home, he felt lonely because his family had left the night before, however they didn't leave and he was very happy to see them. He promised them that he would prove Cho Kau's innocence.
Justice Sung then had a reason to prove that the headless corpse not Tit Tau through a goose/duck analogy that he had encountered the day before the trial is to begin. In court, he asked the audience to identify an animal and they said it's a goose because he said he had bought it at a goose shop that' s been open for twenty years. It turns out that this animal is duck. The reason that people cannot tell the difference is because this animal has been chopped off its head. Justice Sung claims that since the headless corpse does not have a head, it's hard to tell if it' s Tit Tau or not. Justice Sung then says that these three scars can be made up.
Episodes 7-9.
Justice explains that the body was scarred at most 3 years ago, but it is a known fact that Tit Tau's scars were of many years of battles and wars. Also, the corpse's feet had a lot of calluses. Justice Sung then claims that Tit Tau's feet could not have been that callused because he's a great general and he usually rides in his horse and would never walk. Thus, proving the corpse is not that of Tit Tau's. The final verdict will be pronounced the next day.
While everyone is complementing Justice Sung's great argument, they begin to look down upon Lai Sam and treat him poorly because he appeared useless in front of Justice Sung in the court. However, the next day, Lai Sam appeared confident and argued his case. He said that the corpse is definitely Tit Tau's and he has proof. Lai Sam said that 3 years ago, Tit Tau had taken a special medicine to peel his skin and create a new one, which explains why the skin around the scars on the corpse looks so new and young. Also, Lai Sam also said that the calluses on the corpse's feet were the result of Tit Tau's heavy uniform and when he did walk, the equipment and clothing were so heavy, it created pressure on his feet. Everybody is confused now and some thinks the corpse is Tit Tau and some think it' s not. The case is delayed for another day.
Justice Sung tries to understand how can Lai Sam know a lot of Tit Tau's information. He then follows Lai Sam to the woods and saw a man who's sharpening his sword. This mysterious man had told Lai Sam of Tit Tau's personal life. It turns out this man is Tit Tau and he is hiding, trying to live a normal life with his young wife. Justice Sung also finds out that the body is that of a soldier who left his home 3 years ago to war. Tit Tau is forced to reveal himself and admits that he killed the person. Tit Tau uses his popularity, his accomplishments, and his friendship with Kung Chan Yueng to rid him of the murder charge. He said that he's tired of the fighting and war life and he wants to settle down.
However, Justice Sung wants to seek justice for the innocent person who was killed and he wants Tit Tau charged. Tit Tau then makes up a story that this person owes him his life because Tit Tau had saved him before. Justice Sung counters and brought in an old man who had saved Tit Tau's life when he was young and claims that this man has the right to kill Tit Tau also. Lai Sam then figures out a way to help Tit Tau. He explained that Tit Tau had to kill this person because he violated the army camp's rule and tried to escape.
The next day, Justice Sung meets Tit Tau's young wife, who is a tribal girl. Justice Sung now understands Tit Tau's reason for hiding. He then goes to court and said that Tit Tau also violated the army camp rules because he had left the camp's vicinity to visit his young wife just like the innocent person and thus he should be killed also. Tit Tau has nothing to say, but accepts his punishment of decapitation. He asked for a day to be with his wife and he will decapitate himself and bring the head the next day.
At night, he went to see his wife for the last time and when he was about to kill himself, Lai Sam came in and stopped him. The next morning, Lai Sam came with a head, but this head is that of Tit Tau' s wife. It turns out that Tit Tau had chopped his wife's head the night before when Lai Sam said that since his wife belongs to a tribe that Tit Tau was ordered to kill. This tribe was completely wiped off by Tit Tau. He found a baby crying and he took her home and fell in love with this baby 16 years later. Tit Tau explains that since she belongs to the tribe, he was only trying to find the rebels and kill them when he left the army camp. He is free to go. Kung Chan Yeung and Justice are shocked and horrified. Kung Chan Yeung can't believe that his friend Tit Tau would kill his own wife.
Tit Tau makes Lai Sam one of his assistants. However, Justice Sung found out that Tit Tau' s wife was pregnant and gets angry. He confronts Tit Tau and told him that he no t only killed his wife, but also his unborn baby. Tit Tau goes crazy and couldn't believe it. He then takes Lai Sam with him to the court and told Lai Sam to tell everybody of his evil doings. He confessed that he did kill the innocent person and did all sorts of evil deeds during his battles (like killing women and young children) and worst, he killed his wife and his own baby. He kills himself by chopping his head off in the court.
Episode 10-15.
Justice Sung is granted 3 years of freedom with the help of Kung Chan Yeung. So he and his family decides to move back to their original hometown. It was during this time that he met a famous monk, whom I will call "Si Fu." This monk is a well-respected one and is admired by the royal court. When Ling Lung hears about him, she asks Justice Sung to take her to him to help their son get better. Justice Sung doesn’t agree but eventually takes them anyway. It turns out that Justice Sung’s father knows Si Fu very well before he decided to become a monk.
While visiting Si Fu, Siu Chui suddenly sings a tune and Si Fu somehow is struck by it and asks Siu Chui to come with him to the room. Moments later, Si Fu is found dead on his bed with Siu Chui holding the bloody knife. She is taken into custody.
Justice Sung doesn’t believe that Siu Chui would commit such a horrible act and visits her in prison. He then suddenly see Siu Chui’s voice change into 4 different people – a man, a lady, a kid, and an old man. He tries to ask them if they were the one who killed Si Fu, but then Siu Chui wakes up and said that she doesn’t know what happens. Justice Sung is confused as walks home. Suddenly, he encounters a fortuneteller. The lady said his forehead is dark and is sure that he’s been visited by spirits and told him to be careful. Justice Sung is now scared.
The next day, he visits the fortuneteller who claims she can bring back the spirits and she did. Four different voices claimed that Si Fu killed them and each of them swore they would kill him. One of them admitted the murder.
Justice Sung then goes to court the next day trying to explain that spirits visited Siu Chui and that the spirits were the one who killed Si Fu. Many believe him because Siu Chui spoke in 4 different voices and it was quite impossible to do that. Also, one of the spirits claimed that he was murdered by Si Fu after Si Fu robbed him of his gold statue. Si Fu then buried him in a forest and left behind his pair of shoes with the corpse. Justice Sung then tries to find the forest and a skeleton was found with a pair of shoes. The next spirit claims that he was killed by Si Fu because he knew of Si Fu’s scam to swindle money from civilians. The third victim was a lady who was raped by Si Fu and she hung herself because she was ashamed. The fourth victim was a child and he was killed by Si Fu and was thrown into a well. The kid’s body was found in a well. All of this evidence confirms that Siu Chui was visited by spirits and did not kill Si Fu, but it was the spirits.
Siu Chui is acquitted. Every body now hates Si Fu and condemns him although he is dead already. His reputation as a well-respected monk is tarnished and Justice Sung’s dad feels that Si Fu would never commit such lecherous acts. He then recognizes the fortuneteller to be somebody he knew but can’t remember who. Justice Sung and his dad have an argument because Justice Sung believes that Si Fu is an immoral person and his dad defends Si Fu saying that before Si Fu became a monk, he was very rich and can have as many beautiful women he wants. Thus does not make him the thief, rapist, and killer that everybody thinks he is. Siu Chui overhears this and leaves the house at night feeling that it is all her fault that father and son argued. She went to see the fortuneteller and the next morning, turns herself in and admits that she is the murderer.
Justice Sung is shocked and asks her why she did that. She wouldn’t explain and he said he believed in her innocence. Siu Chui will be sentenced to death.
Justice Sung’s father visits the fortuneteller and now remembers her.
Flashback
It turns out that the fortuneteller was Si Fu’s lover 30 years ago and she was a famous opera singer. However, she was greedy and evil, so Si Fu breaks up with her and leaves her. Si Fu then falls in love with her maid, who also sings very well too. On the day they were to be married, the fortuneteller came to the ceremony and killed the maid and is about to kill Si Fu, but he took a lamp and burned her face. She then escapes and is forced to jump off the cliff. She survives, but everybody in town doesn’t recognize her because her face is deformed. People threw rocks at her and are repulsed by her. She swore to seek revenge on Si Fu, who was so saddened by his bride’s death that he decides to become a monk.
The fortuneteller then tell Justice Sung’s father, who is now tied to a chair, that she adopted Siu Chui when she was very small and young. She overheard Siu Chui sing and her voice was very good. The fortuneteller then buys Siu Chui from her father and teaches her how to sing with different voices (thus, explaining how Siu Chui had four different voices). At first, Siu Chui refused to listen to the fortuneteller and kill Si Fu, but the fortuneteller told Siu Chui that she was the one who saved her and she should repay the deeds. Siu Chui reluctantly agrees.
When Siu Chui was invited into Si Fu’s room, he questioned her how she knew how to sing the song. It reminded him of his bride who also sang the song and Siu Chui’s voice sounded just like her. Then, Siu Chui takes out a knife and is about to stab him, but couldn’t. The fortuneteller is hiding in his room and comes out and stab him multiple times. She then put the knife in Siu Chui’s hand, who is now frightened, and she is the assumed murderer….
End of flashback
The fortuneteller set the house on fire hoping to burn Justice Sung’s father. However he is saved. While the fortuneteller is rejoicing her success in her revenge, she sees two people, a man and a woman, who looks like Si Fu and her maid. She follows them into an abandoned house. The two people hide behind a curtain and starts talking in the voice of Si Fu and the maid. They talked of how happy they are now that they are joined in death and how the fortuneteller will be unhappy for the rest of her life. Justice Sung is hiding in the house too. He had hired two opera singers to make the fortuneteller admit that she had committed the murder. The fortuneteller hears the two singers and gets mad, however, she discovers the plan and the plan fails.
Siu Chui will be sentenced at night and Justice Sung is scrambling to help. Ling Lung sees this and rescues Siu Chui. The fortuneteller is at her house and looks into the mirror and sees a reflection of her young beautiful self. The reflection then talks to her and tells her that she did not do the right thing. The fortuneteller finally admits to killing Si Fu. Siu Chui appears behind the mirror. She has been impersonating the voice and appearance of the fortuneteller. The fortuneteller is arrested and Siu Chui is set free…….
Episodes 15-21.
After Siu Chui is set free, she decides to leave the Sung family secretly because she feels she has cause great trouble for the family. Luckily, Cho Kau finds her, however a snake while finding her bites him. While unconscious, he unknowingly declares his love for Siu Chui and Ling Lung decides to let Siu Chui break her ties with the Sung family and legally marry Cho Kau. So, Siu Chui and Cho Kau decide to leave the family and start their life together in another city. Justice Sung is disappointed because he has feelings for Siu Chui.
Siu Chui and Cho Kau move to a city called Ching Yeen. While choosing unsolved cases, Justice Sung purposely picks one in Ching Yeen so that he can be near Siu Chui. The case is of a dog being accidentally killed. While Justice Sung takes on this case, a mysterious person is hiding behind and recording every details of the case. Justice Sung won the case easily.
It turns out that Cho Kau and Siu Chui though legally married haven't sleep together. Justice Sung comes and visits them and told his servant that Cho Kau is like the guy who sells bread in the story "Fan Kim Lin." Cho Kau is the ugly husband and Siu Chui is the beautiful wife who eventually will ditch her husband and marry a rich guy. Cho Kau overhears this and is greatly disappointed that he cannot support Siu Chui and make her happy. He decides to be a coolie at a medicine shop to make more money.
The mysterious person who has been recording Justice Sung's every move is Lai Sam. Unbelievably, he is now more keen, intelligent and sly. He tells a lawyer to argue with Justice Sung on another case and Lai Sam is the person directing the lawyer. In court, the puppet lawyer gives Justice Sung the fits and he is confused as to why this lawyer has the crafts to defend and argue with him. Lai Sam then piques Justice Sung's interest by revealing some foods that describes Justice Sung, who tries to find who this mysterious person is. Justice Sung wins the case, but is still confused.
Cho Kau joins a rebel group who is trying to resist the Ching's forces after Siu Chui finds out that Cho Kau injured himself while working as a coolie for a medicine shop. She decides to sell bread and stumbled upon the city's general, who is a pervert. He wants to rape Siu Chui, but Cho Kau stops him and is badly injured by the general's men.
Justice Sung goes back to his home and asks Ling Lung for some medicine to cure Cho Kau's injuries. However, she forgot to remind him that the medicine must be drunk with wine only. Ling Lung chases after Justice Sung to Ching Yeen. Justice Sung then gives Cho Kau the medicine and he drank it with tea and starts to spit blood. They thought it was okay, so Justice Sung and Siu Chui decides to buy some food in the market. While at the market, Justice Sung declares his love Siu Chui, she didn't say anything and was a bit shocked. However, at this time, Ling Lung overhears their conversation and is extremely mad. She decides not to say anything until Justice Sung comes home.
When Justice Sung arrives back, Ling Lung confronts him about the situation but he denies it. She momentarily forgives him.
Cho Kau and his rebel friends decide to teach the general a lesson for trying to rape his wife, Siu Chui. They beat him up and he doesn't know who is doing this. Then, another general (I'll call him general 2) with great kung fu comes and saves the general. General 2 has been trying to find the rebels for a long time. They took the general hostage in a brothel house and Cho Kau is now stuck in this situation. General 2 decides to take Siu Chui as hostage also. Siu Chui begs Cho Kau to give up, but his rebel friends told him that if they give up now, they would mostly die because General 2 will kill them after they release the general. General 2 asks Justice Sung to come and discuss a possible agreement between the rebel and the General 2. Justice Sung finally convinces them to give up and as they walk out of the brothel, the soldiers shoot them to death, their body hung in front of people as an example. Justice Sung felt betrayed by the General 2 and wants to put the General, General 2 in prison for their broken agreement. Lai Sam appears to defend them and Justice Sung is shocked.
Justice Sung purposely wrote some phrases that when they are read backwards, it becomes phrases that solicit rebellious comments. He is then put into jail. However, Justice Sung doesn't seem to be worried and is happy. Lai Sam then figures out Justice Sung's plans. It turns out that Justice Sung did this because he wants Kung Chan Yeung to take the case and knowing that he is good friends with Kung Chan Yeung, the two Generals will likely be convicted. Lai Sam warns them about this and on the day Kung Chan Yeung arrives, Justice Sung explained the phrases to Kung Chan Yeung that these phrases commends and praises the Ching's dynasty. Justice Sung is set free to argue the case.
Lai Sam and the two generals have their agenda prepared saying that they were unknowingly coerced into killing the rebels. Lai Sam went as far as claiming that the Justice Sung is the perpetrator behind the killings. Lai Sam stated Justice Sung's motive saying Justice Sung was in love with Siu Chui and wanted Cho Kau dead and this was a perfect opportunity. Justice Sung is convicted and will be sentenced to death. Ling Lung doesn't believe him and leaves him. Siu Chui stabs him in the stomach.
On the day of the Kung Chan Yeung's leaving, Ling Lung takes him hostage demanding the two generals to release her husband. They comply and Justice is taken to the brothel where his wife is hold Kung Chan Yeung hostage. Lai Sam and the two generals try to find the Sung family. Luckily they left in time. Siu Chui told Lai Sam that she hates Justice Sung very much for killing her husband, so she said she thought of a plan. When they went to the brothel, they told Justice Sung and Ling Lung that they have their son, which is not true. Ling Lung and Justice Sung believed them and decides to make an agreement like last time with the rebels. Lai Sam was allowed to come inside the brothel and make the agreement with Kung Chan Yeung as the valid witness should anything happen to them. Little did they know that they were tricked. Lai Sam had designed to have weapons in Justice Sung's clothing. Luckily, Ling Lung traded Kung Chan Yeung's clothing with Justice Sung. As they walk out of the brothel, the two generals ask the fake Justice Sung to raise his two hands up and weapons starts flying out. The general orders his soldiers to shoot at Justice Sung because he has weapons and that broke the agreement. However, it was Kung Chan Yeung that they shot at.
Marco Ngai is the new general taking on this case. Justice explains in court that it was Lai Sam who orchestrated to kill Kung Chan Yeung just like how Lai Sam explained Justice Sung killed the rebels. Kung Chan Yeung appears and he is uninjured because he had worn a protecting vest. He set up the two generals and Lai Sam. Even Siu Chui set up Lai Sam claiming he was the one who thought of the plan to use a fake boy to be Justice Sung's son. The two generals were sentenced and General 2 shot at Lai Sam.
Siu Chiu decides to become a nun after so much tragedy. Ling Lung hasn't forgiven Ling Lung and leaves Ching Yeen without Justice Sung.
Chapters 21-26.
After Ling Lung leaves Ching Yeen, Justice Sung returns home later with Marco, who is also overseeing the business matters in Justice Sung’s city. Ling Lung still refuses to forgive Justice Sung and kicks him out of the house. He decides to take residence at Marco’s place.
Justice Sung tries to impress his wife by defending a lady whose husband has committed numerous acts of infidelity with prostitutes. However, he fails and tries again by trying to incite men to beat him up over a gambling game. He too fails this time for Ling Lung is stubborn.
Marco is an honest and respected general. He gives free rice and sponsors charities. One day he met a lady at the charity and feels a sense of closeness with her. He tries to find her with Justice Sung at a poor shelter. He learns that she works as a sanitary lady (one who gathers the feces in human toilets). When he finally found her at her house, he found her husband dead with a kitchen knife on her hand. She is taken into custody.
Marco senses that she is innocent and tries to ask her if she has a reason, but since she can’t talk (she is mute) and refused to cooperate, he is forced to put her on trial. Just then, her daughter played by Margaret Chung rushes in and explains her mother’s innocence. Margaret said that her father is an abuser and always hits her mother. He always gamble and takes the money her mother earned to gamble, he even tried to sell Margaret to a brothel, but did not succeed.
Marco then remembers that the mute lady is his nanny when he was little. He confronts her and she finally gives in. The next day Justice Sung figured out a way to help the mute lady. After a conflict with his son’s tutor, Justice Sung was put on trial for trying to kill the tutor. He said that the tutor was one of the main reasons that he and his wife always argued so Justice Sung attacked him. While in the market, the tutor attacked Justice Sung back and claims that it was for self-defense. Justice Sung said that the tutor is right in attacking him for self-defense. Marco agrees in this and asks Justice Sung to be punished. Justice Sung then uses the same analogy with the mute woman and her husband. Marco sees that this analogy is credible and sets free his nanny.
Marco tries to persuade some of the other generals to help free his nanny, but got refuted by them. He felt useless and Margaret tried to cheer him up. They both have feelings for each other. They decide to get married.
While Marco’s nanny is in prison, Marco told her the good news and she immediately becomes surprised and shocked. She signals to him that he must see his other maid, who is now a nun. The nun told him that Marco’s father had raped his nanny and she gave birth to Marco. Nobody knew of this and thought he was the legitimate son. The nanny is forced to eat coal and become mute to stay by her son. She later is kicked out of the house and sold to her currently dead husband.
Marco is shocked and gets drunk. Margaret came and he begins to avoid her for he knew that she is his half sister. He told her to go away and he won’t marry and insulted her. She was sad and ran to the forest and Marco chased her. He found her hanging on a tree limb. She has hung herself and committed suicide. Marco is sad and he then asks God why is he always giving him a hard time. The next day Marco changed completely to another person. Justice Sung expects him to release the nanny, but he didn’t and said further investigation need to be done. Marco called in witnesses and it seems that the nanny will be found guilty.
Justice Sung is shocked to see how Marco is changed from an honest and righteous human being to a cold and heartless man, even after Margaret’s body was found, he didn’t release a bit of emotion. He then moves out of Marco’s house and begs his wife for a favor. At night, Ling Lung and Justice rescue the nanny and took her to see a Tibetan lip reader. He can translate what the nanny is trying to say. The nanny told them that the nun also knew that Marco is her son.
Marco is worried that the secret that he is the illegitimate son of the nanny will be leaked so he goes to the nun and kills her because she also knew.
Kung Chan Yeung came because Marco had said that Justice Sung tried to rescue the nanny, but the next morning the nanny is found in her jail cell. Marco is shocked and admitted his failure to do a good job.
Marco tries to get sympathy from his mother and she gives in and tells him that after she gave birth to him, she had signed a paper to sell Marco to his father’s wife. Marco knew that the paper is in the mouth of his mother’s dead husband, so he takes the paper out of the dead man’s mouth.
The next day, Justice Sung says that there should a paper stating that Marco is the son of the nanny. So he asks for the body to be examined to see if the paper is still in his mouth. Obviously, it is not since Marco took it last night. But, then Justice Sung does an experiment. He said last night, he took the paper out of the month, but the paper was shredded and smeared so it was not conclusive evidence to prove Marco was the nanny’s son. So, Justice Sung then poor some chemical in the mouth along with a fake paper to trick Marco. Justice Sung said that if anyone who touches the chemical within 12 hours will be detected by pouring another chemical into the affected area. Quorra was scared and went crazy and wouldn’t allow Justice Sung to test his hand. Quorra chopped off his arm and it is evident that he is real killer and son of the nanny. He is executed….
Chapter 27-32.
Justice Sung and his family moved to Beijing by Kung Chan Yeung taking them. The next day, Justice Sung received a ride; by the time he reached his destination, he realized it was in the garden around the palace to see the King's mother. It turns out Kung Chan Yeung purposely took Justice Sung to see her after years of elude from her. The Empress then forgives Justice Sung; meanwhile when Justice Sung was walking down the streets of Beijing he notice a cart, and sees Siu Chui which leads to the brothel house.
Justice Sung went to the brothel house to see Siu Chui, then he come across half-Chinese, half-English man name Fleming. Justice Sung was worried that Fleming was going to rape Siu Chui, but really they were talking and drinking wine. Justice Sung and Siu Chui discuss what's going on and turns out that she got over the death of Cho Kau. Another day in the brothel, there was a bidding of Siu Chui; however, some mysterious man won the bid. The mysterious man is Lai Sum, only this time he was accompanied by a Mr. Sunglasses. Later in the brothel, there were dead bodies, the cause was a poisonous needles and Siu Chui was still alive. But she's ill, Fleming is struggle to cure her, and finally using mold to treat the poison inside of her body. 
Back in the palace, the king became ill, and Kung Chan Yeung is frustrated wondering why is this happening to him. He wanted to see the King's personal eunuch servant; he took his frustration believing it was his servant that made him sick, then he kicked him. Kung Chan Yeung is shocked that the King's servant was Lai Sam. Lai Sam explained to Kung Chan Yeung how did he became a eunuch in the palace; he told that back in Ching Yeen courtroom, the general that shot him in the penis and has no choice, but a palace to became a eunuch. Kung Chan Yeung was furious at Lai Sam thinking it was his fault that made the King ill. But the King stopped Kung Chan Yeung from beating Lai Sum up.
Soon, Fleming cured Siu Chu. After a while, Fleming was accused of murdering people in the brothel house, and Justice Sung trying to prove Fleming is innocent. Meanwhile, the King died from illness. When Justice Sung is walking in the night, he found a fan written the identity of Mr. Sunglasses by a beggar; it was the King. The next day in court, he reveal the identity of Mr. Sunglasses, but he claimed he is Mr. Sunglasses and he murder the people in the brothel, so Justice Sung is sentence to execution. Kung Chan Yeung came to the prison cell of Justice Sung asking why did committed crime. Justice Sung said that he did it because he thought he and Kung Chan Yeung were allies, but he felt betrayed, that's why he did. Kung Chan Yeung was disappointed at Justice Sung and then he left. On his way to execution, he asked Fleming to take care of his family. 
The execution is ready, but stopped by the Empress' eunuch and had him covered with a black bag. Then, the black bag was removed. It is Lai Sam; he was responsible for the murder of the King. He was executed. Meanwhile at the garden of the palace, Justice Sung was surprise he was here and it was the Empress that saved him. Justice Sung remember the fan that the beggar gave him and run into the Empress' eunuch asking him to show the fan to the Empress. She was stunned that it was the King's hand writing. The Empress saved Justice Sung that she given him full pardon and he thanks her while bowing. 
One year later, the Sung family moved and living in Hong Kong opened a physical therapy, medicine, and clinic. Justice Sung is working on getting his lawyer license in Hong Kong. As well as learning English and his son, too. Justice Sung walks with his son down the streets of Hong Kong and come across two English men arguing. But Justice Sung got involved, the two English men were annoyed of him getting into their business and one of them toss him. That's the end.

</doc>
<doc id="19584105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584105" title="Megaphobe (album)">
Megaphobe (album)

Megaphobe is the second album from the Quebecois band Projet Orange. The album was released by ViK. Recordings in 2004 and has Copy Control embedded into the disk. Unlike the band's previous 2001 French record "Projet Orange", each track on this record is sung in English, except for "Impair", "Les géants" and "J'aime" which are sung in French.

</doc>
<doc id="19584118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584118" title="Owen Benjamin">
Owen Benjamin

Owen Benjamin (born May 24, 1980) is a comedian and actor from Oswego, New York.
Early life.
Owen Benjamin was born Owen Smith, son of John Kares Smith and Jean Troy-Smith, both professors at State University of New York at Oswego. He attended college at the State University of New York at Plattsburgh where he got his start in television at the student run station Plattsburgh State Television.
Career.
Benjamin produces the late show on "Saturday Nights" at The Improv in Hollywood, California, and he has also performed on MTV's show "Punk'd". He is a regular correspondent on "The Jay Leno Show" having appeared twice in a segment performing comical jingles for local Burbank businesses.
Benjamin has starred in several web-only video series. Since 2008 he has been appearing on Sony Pictures Television's C-SPOT, including the role of Owen on "Gaytown" as well as hosting his own series, "Owen Benjamin Presents". In March 2009 Benjamin began playing the role of Chance Stevens on "Heckle U" for CBS Interactive.
In 2007 Benjamin made an appearance in "I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry". The scene was deleted from the theatrical release, but can be found in the extended deleted scenes in the home video release. In 2008 Benjamin had a supporting role in "The House Bunny".
In 2009, he played the leading role in the romantic comedy "All's Faire in Love", costarring with Christina Ricci.
On July 19, 2012, "Sullivan and Son" premiered on TBS. Benjamin has a supporting role as Owen, Steve Sullivan's childhood friend. In the episode "Creepy Love Songs", Benjamin displayed his piano playing skill.
On "Spike TV's Bar Rescue" S3E10 episode "Meat Sauna" Benjamin made a special appearance as he helps the dying Stand Up Scottsdale comedy club be rescued into being reopened as a franchise of the Laugh Factory Comedy Club. He gave his expertise to the club to help it, as well as performing his comedy act for their re-opening under the new name. 
Personal life.
In 2009, Benjamin was engaged to actress Christina Ricci after four months of dating.The couple broke up in June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19584164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584164" title="Idaho State Highway 1">
Idaho State Highway 1

State Highway 1 (SH-1) is a state highway in Boundary County, in the U.S. state of Idaho. It extends from U.S. Route 95 (US-95) east of Copeland, north to British Columbia Highway 21 (BC 21) in Porthill. The route serves as a connector between Bonners Ferry, via US-95 south, Porthill, and Creston, BC The highway is one of two border crossings from Idaho into British Columbia. The other crossing is at the US-95/BC 95 in Eastport. The highway is also known for being the only state highway in Boundary County, the two other highways are US-95 and US-2. The highway is also part of the International Selkirk Loop, the only international scenic byway in North America.
Route description.
SH-1 runs from U.S. Route 95 (US-95) east of Copeland, north to BC 21 in Porthill. The route links Bonners Ferry, via US-95 south, Porthill, and Creston, BC. The road is the only state highway in Boundary County, the two other highways are US-95 and US-2. The highway starts at an intersection with US-95 east of Copeland.
History.
SH-1 was originally created in the 1920s as part of Sampson Trail B, which ran from Boise north to Lewiston, Coeur d'Alene, before entering British Columbia at Porthill. Later in the mid-1930s, Idaho adopted a new numbered highway system with SH-1 as one of the first highways. The International Selkirk Loop, which uses SH-1, was formed in 1999. The loop became an Idaho Scenic byway on January 21, 2004 as the Wild Horse Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="19584193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584193" title="Longleg (novel)">
Longleg (novel)

Longleg is a 1990 novel by Australian author Glenda Adams. 
References.
Middlemiss.org

</doc>
<doc id="19584194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584194" title="Where the Legend Begins">
Where the Legend Begins

Where the Legend Begins is a 2002 Hong Kong television series produced by TVB. The series is based on the life story of Zhen Fu (Cantonese: Yan Fuk), a noble lady who lived during the Three Kingdoms period. It contains embellishments from folktales about Yan's romance with Cao Pi (Cantonese: Cho Pei) and Cao Zhi (Cantonese: Cho Chik). The series was first aired in Hong Kong on TVB Jade from 24 June to 26 July in 2002.
List of featured songs.
All the songs were composed by Joseph Koo while Chan Siu Kei provided the lyrics.
Awards and nominations.
TVB Anniversary Awards (2002)

</doc>
<doc id="19584196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584196" title="Sugarloaf Rock (Mutton Bird Group)">
Sugarloaf Rock (Mutton Bird Group)

Sugarloaf Rock is a steep, rocky island, with an area of 3.56 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Mutton Bird Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Short-tailed Shearwater (15,000 pairs), Fairy Prion (2000 pairs), Silver Gull and Sooty Oystercatcher. It is a haul-out site for Australian Fur Seals.

</doc>
<doc id="19584203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584203" title="Ablutophobia">
Ablutophobia

Its symptoms and treatment are basically the same as for most specific phobias.

</doc>
<doc id="19584214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584214" title="Carl August Wilhelm Berends">
Carl August Wilhelm Berends

Carl August Wilhelm Berends (April 19, 1759 – December 1, 1826) was a German physician born in Anklam, Pomerania.
He studied medicine at Viadrina University in Frankfurt an der Oder, where in 1788 he became a professor of medicine. In 1811 he moved to the University of Breslau, being due to closure of Viadrina University in Frankfurt, and resulting in the relocation of much of its faculty to Breslau. In 1815 he was appointed professor of medicine at the University of Berlin and hospital director at the Berlin Charité.
In 1789 Berends published "Über den Unterricht junger Ärzte am Krankenbett" (Education of Young Physicians at the Bedside), in which he described his experiences at the "Thielschen Krankenhaus" in Frankfurt. Shortly after his death in 1826, his one-time student, Karl Sundelin, published Berends' lectures on practical pharmaceutical science.

</doc>
<doc id="19584227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584227" title="Ariel Award for Best Actress">
Ariel Award for Best Actress

The Ariel Award for Best Actress (Spanish Ariel a Mejor Actriz) is a Mexican Academy of Film Award. It was awarded twice in 1947, then annually from 1948 through 1958, was not awarded from 1959 through 1971, and has been awarded annually since 1972. The award recognizes excellence in acting by a lead actress in Mexican cinema. It is considered the most prestigious award in the Mexican movie industry.
Winners and Candidates.
1940s.
" In 1947, two ceremonies were held " 
1950s.
" ' in 1958 was the last delivery of Ariel in the decade since the ceremony would be suspended 14 years. In 1972 it would resume the delivery of Ariel. " ' 

</doc>
<doc id="19584248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584248" title="Projet Orange (album)">
Projet Orange (album)

Projet Orange (sometimes incorrectly labeled on the Internet as ""New Edition"") is the first album from the Quebecois band Projet Orange. The album was released by ViK. Recordings in 2001. Unlike the band's 2004 sophomore release, "Megaphobe" (mostly sung in English), every song on this record is sung in French.

</doc>
<doc id="19584275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584275" title="Ropati Pitoitua">
Ropati Pitoitua

Ropati Pitoitua [ ] (born April 6, 1985) is an American football defensive tackle for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Washington State.
Pitoitua has also played for the Kansas City Chiefs.
Early years.
Pitoitua was born in Samoa to Sooalo Ropati and Faipine Pitoitua. He has 1 brother and 4 sisters. Played football and basketball at Clover Park High School in Lakewood, Washington, although did not pick up football until junior season but he earned two football letters as well as Seamount League Defensive Player of the Year in 2002.
College career.
He played in 36 games (25 starts), posting 116 tackles, (19 for losses) and 8.5 sacks in four seasons at Washington State and was named WSU's Leon Bender Award winner as Cougars' Defensive Lineman of the Year as senior when he started 11 games at defensive tackle and one at defensive end.
As a freshman in 2004 he played in 8 games with 4 starts and was named The Sporting News All-Pacific-10 freshman team after recording 24 tackles (5.5 for losses) and 5 sacks. In 2005 he played in 7 games with no starts after suffering a broken leg in fall camp and missed the first five games of the season, in limited duty he recorded 13 tackles (1 for a loss) and 1 sack.
As a junior in 2006 he played in 9 games starting all 9 and recording 37 tackles (7.5 for losses) and 2.5 sacks. As a senior in 2007 he played in 12 games, starting all of them and made 40 tackles, 7 for losses and went without a sack.
Professional career.
New York Jets.
He was signed by the Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2008 and spent the season on the team's practice squad. In 2009, Pitoitua posted three tackles in eight games. During the preseason in 2010, Pitoitua tore his achilles' tendon against the Carolina Panthers and was placed on the injured reserve list on August 23, 2010. Pitoitua was waived by the team on May 2, 2012.
Kansas City Chiefs.
Pitoitua was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs on May 8, 2012.
Tennessee Titans.
Pitoitua signed with the Tennessee Titans on March 25, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19584348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584348" title="Nete mo Samete mo">
Nete mo Samete mo


</doc>
<doc id="19584355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584355" title="Brandon Renkart">
Brandon Renkart

Brandon Renkart (born December 29, 1984 in Piscataway, New Jersey) is an American football linebacker for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Rutgers.
Renkart has also been a member of the Arizona Cardinals and Indianapolis Colts.
Early years.
Renkart played at Piscataway Township High School in his hometown, where he quarterbacked the football team to a 12-0 record and the Group IV State title as a senior.
Professional career.
New York Jets.
Renkart was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent after the 2008 NFL Draft. He spent most of the season on their Practice Squad before being cut during final roster cuts before the season.
Arizona Cardinals.
After being released by the Jets, Renkart signed for the Arizona Cardinals. He spent most of the 2009 season on their Practice Squad before being signed off the Cardinals' Practice Squad by the Indianapolis Colts.
Indianapolis Colts.
Renkart signed with the Indianapolis Colts on 30 December 2009; he was waived on 17 June 2010 to make room for kicker Garrett Lindholm, whom they signed off waivers from the Atlanta Falcons.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Pittsburgh Steelers signed Renkart on the August 12, 2010, after linebacker Andre Frazier was placed on injured reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="19584368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584368" title="The Adventurer's">
The Adventurer's

"The Adventurer's" (衝擊) is a TVB television series, premiered in 1980. Theme song "The Adventurer's" (衝擊), and the sub theme song "The Sentimental Debts" (情債) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Jenny Tseng.

</doc>
<doc id="19584416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584416" title="Dragoș Protopopescu">
Dragoș Protopopescu

Dragoș Protopopescu (1892, Călăraşi – 1948) was a Romanian writer, poet, critic and philosopher. He was professor at the University of Cernăuţi.
Politically Protopopescu supported the fascist and antisemitic organization known as the Iron Guard, and he published the newspaper "Buna Vestire", which was aligned with the Guard. He also actively contributed to other Romanian newspapers such as "Flacăra", "Vieaţa Nouă", "Cuget Românesc", "Cuvântul", "Gândirea", "Lumea Nouă", "Cuvântul Studențesc", "Vremea" and "Porunca Vremii".
Protopopescu was also a member of the Office of Propaganda at the Romanian Legation in London in 1929.
Protopopescu was arrested and imprisoned in spring 1938 during the crackdown on the Iron Guard by King Carol II's dictatorship. In 1948 he was arrested again by the communist authorities. He tried to commit suicide by cutting his veins. He was sent to a hospital and then arrested again. He made a new and successful attempt at suicide: leaning over an elevator shaft, he was decapitated by the cabin.

</doc>
<doc id="19584419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584419" title="Capalaba Central Shopping Centre">
Capalaba Central Shopping Centre

Capalaba Central is a regional shopping centre located 25km south-east of Brisbane in the suburb of Capalaba in Queensland, Australia. With a lettable area of 36,601  m2, the center is anchored by a number of major outlets, including Woolworths, Coles, Big W and Birch, Carroll and Coyle cinemas, in addition to over 95 specialty stores including Homeart. Car parking is available for up to 1,665 vehicles, with approximately a third undercover. Currently, the centre is owned by Dexus Property Group.
History.
The Capalaba Central Shopping Centre was opened in 1994 after being developed by the Leda Property Group. They subsequently sold the center to MPEC Australia for $77.5 million, who then invested an additional $15 million expanding the property. In 1997, Shin Yen Pty Ltd, a Taiwanese investment company, entered into negotiations with MPEC to purchase the centre, reportedly offering $82.5 million. Negotiations broke down, but in February 1998 MPEC were forced to sell off most of their Australian assets. Shin Yen were then able to purchase the property for $73.3 million. However, Shin Yen only retained the centre until 1999, when it was sold once more – this time for a sum of $85 million. Capalaba Central is currently owned by the Dexus Property Group.
During 2008, the Capalaba Central Shopping Centre underwent a $50 million redevelopment. The redevelopment added another undercover carparking area as well as the space for Harvey Norman and the relocation of the Cinema entrance. 
Transport.
The shopping centre is served by several bus routes via the Capalaba Bus Interchange, from which the center is a two minute walk. In addition, the Cleveland railway line stops at the nearby Birkdale railway station from which it is possible to catch a bus to the interchange. The center also provides parking for 1,665 cars, along with bike racks and a taxi rank.

</doc>
<doc id="19584428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584428" title="Full service (radio format)">
Full service (radio format)

The full service radio format in the United States consists of a wide range of programming. Mostly found on the AM band, the format can be found on a handful of FM stations. It is popular mainly among smaller, local stations in rural areas not owned by major broadcasting conglomerates and is also known as hometown radio for its unusually high (compared to other modern radio formats) amount of locally-oriented content.
Programming generally heard on full service stations can include:
Full-service radio was the predominant form of radio broadcasting during the network radio era, before the debut of contemporary hit radio (top 40) in the 1950s. In the old-time radio era, most stations would mix local programs (of a wide variety) with the networks' offerings.
Since the full-service format is traditionally confined to AM and rural listeners, oldies/classic hits, adult standards and classic country tend to form the basis of most music rotations on these stations. Full service stations tend to have somewhat more of a freeform playlist, allowing disc jockeys to play favorite tunes, and as such, album cuts, B-sides, "forgotten 45s," local bands and lesser-known performers and songs can see more air time on a full-service station than on most other commercial formats. Depending on the ethnic composition of the station's coverage area and/or ownership and management, at least a portion of a full-service station's weekend programming is often set aside for ethnic music programming such as polka, Italian music, native American music, Celtic music or other widely varying ethnic programming, almost always by a local host. These ethnic shows often play on Sunday morning for listeners on their way to church. Local church services are also common on full service stations (as they may also be on larger stations), as well as some limited brokered programming.
Full service is not one of the formats defined by Arbitron; in most cases, full-service stations are usually listed under the blanket category of "variety." Smaller full-service stations rarely show up in Arbitron ratings due to their general refusal to pay for the company's services. This also allows the station to set their own advertising rates; full-service stations can often have very loyal audiences.
In the United Kingdom, the term "full service" is sometimes used to refer to the Independent Local Radio stations of the 1970s and 1980s, which were contractually obliged to feature a broad range of output (specialist music, speech, sports commentary, minority programmes) as opposed to the tightly targeted all-pop music stations of the 1990s and 21st Century.

</doc>
<doc id="19584509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584509" title="Serdar Demirel">
Serdar Demirel

Serdar Demirel (born September 4, 1983 in Sivas) is a pistol shooter from İstanbul, Turkey. He is having achieved great successes of the three ISSF pistol events.

</doc>
<doc id="19584521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584521" title="Marcos Hummel">
Marcos Hummel

Marcos Hummel (born July 25, 1947) is a Brazilian television anchor, employed by national television station "Rede Record".
Biography.
Marcos Hummel was born in Catalão, state of Goias, Brazil. He started his career on Tele Journalism on June 22, 1975 in Brasilia when he was 28 years old. He currently works for Rede Record.
Before joining TV Record, Hummel worked for 21 years in Rede Globo's news report "Jornal Hoje", "Jornal Nacional", "Jornal da Globo", "Fantástico", "Globo Esporte", "Bom Dia Rio" and "Bom Dia São Paulo" and has served also as the publisher and editor. He was one of the first presenters of "Video Show". Also presented for three years the festivals "MPB80" and "MPB Shell", between the years 1980 and 1983 together with Cristiane Torloni, Miriam Rios, Luis Carlos Miele and Hilton Gomes.
After this period, he went to Rede Manchete. For two years he worked in "Manchete Verdade", "Journal da Manchete" and "Na Linha do Crime".
In 1998 he went to Rede Bandeirantes, where he presented the "Jornal da Band" until March 2004. He then went on to present the "Jornal das 10", on Rede 21. In October 2004 he joined Rede Record. He currently presents "Camera Record" on Fridays, "Camera Record News" (a spin-off show for Record News) and "Jornal da Record" as a relief and Saturday presenter. Besides presenting the news, he is also a narrator for certain segments on the Sunday night newsmagazine, "Domingo Espetacular". Recently, he began presenting "Camera Em Ação" (Camera and Action), on TV Record which debuted in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19584567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584567" title="TVB Anniversary Awards (2007)">
TVB Anniversary Awards (2007)

TVB Anniversary Awards 2007 (Traditional Chinese: 2007年萬千星輝頒獎典禮) is an award ceremony that celebrates the best in TVB programming of 2007. The award ceremony took place on November 17, 2007.
Best Actor.
"Best Actor in a Leading Role" Award (最佳男主角).
Award presented by: Kathy Chow (周海媚)
Best Actress.
"Best Actress in a Leading Role" Award (最佳女主角).
Award presented by: Candy Lo 
Best Supporting Actor.
"Best Actor in a Supporting Role" Award (最佳男配角).
Award presented by: Kent Cheng (鄭則士) & Gouw Ian Iskandar (吳景滔)
Best Supporting Actress.
"Best Actress in a Supporting Role" Award (最佳女配角).
Award presented by: Kent Cheng (鄭則士) & Gouw Ian Iskandar (吳景滔)
My Favourite Male Character.
"My Favourite Male Character Role" Award (我最喜愛的電視男角色).
Award presented by: Idy Chan (陳玉蓮)
My Favourite Female Character.
"My Favourite Female Character Role" Award (我最喜愛的電視女角色).
Award presented by: Liu Wai Hung (廖偉雄)
Most Improved Actor.
"Most Vastly Improved Actor" Award (飛躍進步男藝員).
Award presented by: Deborah Lee (狄波拉) & Patrick Tse (謝賢)
Most Improved Actress.
"Most Vastly Improved Actress" Award (飛躍進步女藝員).
Award presented by: Deborah Lee (狄波拉) & Patrick Tse (謝賢)
Best Presenter.
"Best Television Presenter" Award (最佳節目主持).
Award presented by: Sandra Lang (仙杜拉)
Mainland Most Popular TVB Male Artist.
"Mainland China Most Popular TVB Male Artist" Award (內地觀眾最喜愛TVB男藝人).
Award presented by: Stephen Chan (陳志雲)
Mainland Most Popular TVB Female Artist.
"Mainland China Most Popular TVB Female Artist" Award (內地觀眾最喜愛TVB女藝人).
Award presented by: Stephen Chan (陳志雲)
Best Drama.
"Best Drama" Award (最佳劇集).
Award presented by: Clifton Ko (高志森) & To Kwak Wai (杜國威)
Best Variety Show.
"Best Variety Show" Award (最佳綜藝資訊節目).
Award presented by: Ng Yu (吳雨)
Most Creative Program.
"Most Creative Program" Award (最佳綜藝資訊節目).
Award presented by: Carol Cheng (鄭裕玲)
Most Enjoyable Program.
"Most Enjoyable Value" Award (最具欣賞價值大獎).
Award presented by: Wong Koon Man (黃冠文)
Best Promotion Clip.
"Best Promotion Clip" Award (最佳綜藝資訊節目).
Award presented by: Charmaine Sheh (佘詩曼) & Kevin Cheng (鄭嘉穎)
Lifetime Acting Achievement.
"Lifetime Acting Achievement" Award (萬千光輝演藝大獎).
Award presented by: Leung Nai Pang (梁乃鵬)
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19584627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584627" title="Head On (Samson album)">
Head On (Samson album)

Head On is the second album by British heavy metal band Samson. It was released in 1980. The cover art features the band's masked drummer, Thunderstick. This is the first album with future Iron Maiden-frontman Bruce Dickinson on vocal duties, although some reissues of the debut do feature alternative bonus versions of songs, redone with Dickinson vocals.
The instrumental "Thunderburst" is credited as co-written by S. Harris. The track is in fact a version of "The Ides of March", the opening track on the Iron Maiden album "Killers" which was released the next year.
Track listing.
All tracks by Dickinson, Samson, Aylmer, Thunderstick except "Thunderburst" by Dickinson, Samson, Aylmer, Thunderstick and Steve Harris

</doc>
<doc id="19584641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584641" title="Recollections of the Lake Poets">
Recollections of the Lake Poets

Recollections of the Lake Poets is a collection of biographical essays written by the English author Thomas De Quincey. In these essays, originally published in "Tait's Edinburgh Magazine" between 1834 and 1840, De Quincey provided some of the earliest, best informed, and most candid accounts of the Lake Poets, William Wordsworth, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, and Robert Southey, and others in their circle. Together, the essays "form one of the most entertaining of Lakeland books."
Candor.
De Quincey wrote from direct personal familiarity, having known all three men during the first two decades of the nineteenth century. When he wrote about them twenty years later, De Quincey ignored the constraints and repressions typical of biography in his era, to produce realistic and nuanced portraits. He "certainly made many of his subjects live in the mind of the reader as few others of their biographers have been able to do. The racy, gossipy tone that often prevails makes these works eminently readable; indeed, "Tait's Magazine" never sold better than when De Quincey's literary reminiscences were appearing in it."
De Quincey was the first person to address the problem of plagiarism in Coleridge's works, a problem that would be ignored or neglected for a century and a half, until modern scholars addressed it in detail. 
Responses.
The degree of candor that De Quincey brought to his portraits of people who were then still living or recently dead was extremely rare, if not unprecedented, in contemporaneous literature and journalism, and provoked strong negative reactions. In the mid-1830s, when the essays were being published, Southey called him "a calumniator, cowardly spy, traitor, base betrayer of the hospitable social hearth" and "one of the greatest scoundrels living!"
Some interested parties, however, responded more calmly. Coleridge's daughter Sarah found De Quincey's treatment of her father to be insightful and generally fair.
The essays.
De Quincey wrote about the figures of the "Lake School," especially Wordsworth and Coleridge, repeatedly throughout his canon. The essays that make up the collection are primarily these (each year links to its corresponding " in poetry" article):
Editions.
After their initial publication, several of the essays appeared in the second volume of "Selections Grave and Gay" (1854), the first British collected edition of De Quincey's works. For that edition, the author edited his essays, trimming some passages but adding others. The essays were reprinted again in a separate volume, as "Recollections of the Lakes and the Lake Poets" (1862); that title may or may not have originated with De Quincey.
There were three twentieth-century editions of the essays. Edward Sackville-West's "Recollections of the Lake Poets" (1948) and John E. Jordan's "Reminiscences of the English Lake Poets" (1961) both relied primarily upon the 1854 revised texts; for his 1970 edition, David Wright returned to the original magazine texts and to the title of the 1862 collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19584650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584650" title="Cadwallader Blayney, 12th Baron Blayney">
Cadwallader Blayney, 12th Baron Blayney

Cadwallader Davis Blayney, 12th Baron Blayney (19 December 1802 – 18 January 1874), styled The Honourable from birth until 1834, was an Irish nobleman and politician.
Born in Dover Street in London, he was the son of Andrew Blayney, 11th Baron Blayney and his wife Marbella, the eldest daughter of James Alexander, 1st Earl of Caledon. He became a lieutenant in the 89th Regiment of Foot on 27 January 1825 and left the same year. 
Blayney entered the British House of Commons in 1830 as Tory Member of Parliament (MP) for Monaghan and held the seat until he succeeded his father as baron in 1834. Seven years later, he was elected a representative peer and joined the House of Lords. He sold the family estate, Castleblayney, Ireland, to Henry Thomas Hope of Deepdene, Surrey in 1852. Blayney died in London without issue aged 71, at the St. James Hotel, Piccadilly, London, after living in the Carlton Club there. The title became extinct on his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19584682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584682" title="United States at the 1960 Summer Paralympics">
United States at the 1960 Summer Paralympics

The United States competed at the 1960 Summer Paralympics in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19584690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584690" title="Wood ash">
Wood ash

Wood ash is the residue powder left after the combustion of wood, such as burning wood in a home fireplace or an industrial power plant. It is used traditionally by gardeners as a good source of potash for domestic gardens or any garden.
Composition.
Variability in assessment.
Many studies have been conducted regarding the chemical composition of wood ash, with widely varying results. Some quote calcium carbonate as the major constituent, others find no carbonate at all, but calcium oxide instead.
Some show as much as twelve percent iron oxide while others show none.
There are several factors which have a major impact on the composition:
Measurements.
Typically between 0.43 and 1.82 percent of the mass of burned wood (dry basis) results in ash. Also the conditions of the combustion affect the composition and amount of the residue ash, thus higher temperature will reduce ash yield.
Much wood ash contains calcium carbonate as its major component, representing 25 or even 45 percent Less than 10 percent is potash, and less than 1 percent phosphate; there are trace elements of iron, manganese, zinc, copper and some heavy metals. However these numbers vary as combustion temperature is an important variable in determining wood ash composition. All of these are, primarily, in the form of oxides.
Uses.
Wood ash is commonly disposed of in landfills, but with rising disposal costs ecologically friendly alternatives are becoming more popular.
For a long time wood ash has been used in agricultural soil applications as it recycles nutrients back to the land. Wood ash has some value as a fertilizer, but does not contain nitrogen. Because of the presence of calcium carbonate it acts as a liming agent and will deacidify the soil increasing its pH. 
Potassium hydroxide can be indirectly made from wood ash by the addition of calcium hydroxide, and in this form is known as caustic potash or lye. Because of this property, wood ash has also traditionally been used to make wood-ash soap.
Wood ash with a high char content has also proven to be effective as an odor control agent, especially in composting operations.
Bio-leaching.
The ectomycorrhizal fungi Suillus granulatus and Paxillus involutus can release elements from wood ash. 

</doc>
<doc id="19584728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584728" title="Wendar Island">
Wendar Island

Wendar Island comprises a main island and five immediately adjacent islets, with a combined area of 5.8 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Mutton Bird Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness Worlenis Heritage Site. Wendar island is south of Adam Island, a much bigger island with a thriving economy and a thriving tourism market. There are also many asylums and international prisons. A gated community for the mentally challenged is also on the island. The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Little Penguin (500 pairs), Short-tailed Shearwater (3-4000 pairs), Fairy Prion (1500 pairs) and Silver Gull.

</doc>
<doc id="19584746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584746" title="Survivors (Samson album)">
Survivors (Samson album)

Survivors is the debut album by British heavy metal band Samson. It was released in 1979 and, even if Bruce Dickinson appears as a band member on the cover sheet, the album was completed before he joined the band, with Paul Samson on vocal duty. The re-issue on CD of the album features five bonus tracks with Dickinson singing some tracks from the original release.
Track listing.
All tracks by P. Samson & J. McCoy, except "Tommorow or Yesterday" by P. Samson

</doc>
<doc id="19584772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584772" title="Hobie Magic 25">
Hobie Magic 25

The Hobie Magic 25 is a trailable, strict one-design monohull sportsboat that was manufactured by the Hobie Cat Company (USA), Bashford Boatbuilder (Australia) and Lidgard Boatbuilder (New Zealand) for racing and day sailing in the late 1990’s.
Structure.
The Hobie Magic 25 is currently out of production with about 75 boats in total being built, with the majority produced by Bashford Boatbuilder in Nowra, Australia.
Design.
Designed for Hobie by Australian designer Iain Murray and Associates.
The Magic 25 has a fractional rig. It utilizes a full carbon rig, triple trapeze, gennaker, retractable bowsprit, aluminium fin keel with a torpedo bulb, hydraulic mast ram and a powerful sail plan.
Construction.
Construction is mid-tech, employing vinylester and polyester resin over an E-glass and quadraxial lay-up, with 15mm Divincell foam core and carbon reinforcement.
The mast was manufactured using pre-impregnated carbon fibre in a one piece mould. 
The bowsprit and tiller were also carbon fibre.
The Spinnaker is 48.4 sqm.
Class Associations.
The Magic 25 has strong class racing and associations in Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="19584796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584796" title="Mihail Arion">
Mihail Arion

Mihail Arion was a Romanian diplomat. He started his career at the Romanian legation in Petrograd. After World War I he supported Nicolae Titulescu's policies. In 1934 he was appointed secretary general of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He was relieved of his duties on August 29, 1936, when Nicolae Titulescu was dismissed.
References.
[http://www.itcnet.ro/history/archive/mi1998/current6/mi50.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19584811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584811" title="The Sound of One Hand Clapping">
The Sound of One Hand Clapping

The Sound of One Hand Clapping is a 1997 novel by Australian author Richard Flanagan. The title is adapted from the famous Zen kōan of Hakuin Ekaku. "The Sound of One Hand Clapping" was Flanagan's second novel.
Plot summary.
The book focuses the relationship between a woman, Sonja Buloh, and her father Bojan. Bojan is a Slovenian immigrant from the post-World War II period who came to work on the Tasmanian Hydroelectric Schemes, and a drunkard. While working on a remote construction camp in the central highlands in the winter of 1954, when Sonja was just three, Bojan's wife walked into a blizzard never to be seen again and leaving Bojan to raise his daughter. When Sonja returns to visit Tasmania and her father in 1989 as a balanced middle-aged woman, the past begins to intrude, changing both their lives forever.
Film adaptation.
A film adaptation of this novel was released in 1998, directed by Richard Flanagan (who also wrote the screenplay), and featuring Kerry Fox, Kristof Kaczmarek, Rosie Flanagan and Arabella Wain. The film was produced by Rolf de Heer who encouraged Flanagan to direct the film, and broke into tears and "was a mess for four days" when he first read the script. Flanagan first read the phrase "the sound of one hand clapping" in an essay about feminist influence on the early English co-operative movement. The film competed for the Golden Bear at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19584833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584833" title="Sociedade de Desenvolvimento Mineiro">
Sociedade de Desenvolvimento Mineiro

Sociedade de Desenvolvimento Mineiro (SDM) is an Angolan public mining company and holds the mining rights in an area of concession of 2,950 km2, located in the hydrological basin of Cuango River, Lunda Norte Province.
As joint venture, its board of shareholders includes the following companies: Endiama (National Diamond Company of Angola), an Angolan public company and OMSI (Odebrecht Mining Services Inc), a Brazilian private company.
It prospects, develops, mines and trades diamonds from primary and secondary deposits, identified in the region of Cuango River, in the north-eastern region of Angola that produces good quality stones. Bulk sampling of river terrace gravels in the vicinity of the Ganzo, Tázua and Ginge river diversions have revealed economic diamond grades.
The corporation generates positive cash flow from its tailings operations, and it now plans to use portions of those cash flows to fund an exploration project on properties adjacent to its current facilities for which it holds the ownership and surface rights. 
SDM is one of the world’s leading diamond producers by value and has played a role in the transformation of Angola’s economy and business development. The project had a US$ 83,726,933 profit in 2001 and has approximately 2000 employees. Its president is Mr. Telirio Pinto Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19584905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584905" title="Trabuco Creek">
Trabuco Creek

Trabuco Creek (known also as Arroyo Trabuco) is a -long stream in coastal southern California in the United States. Rising in a rugged canyon in the Santa Ana Mountains of Orange County, the creek flows west and southwest before emptying into San Juan Creek in the city of San Juan Capistrano. Trabuco Creek's watershed drains of hilly, semi-arid land and lies mostly in Orange County, with a small portion extending northward into Riverside County. The lower section of the creek flows through three incorporated cities and is moderately polluted by urban and agricultural runoff.
Tongva and Luiseño Native American people lived along the perennial stream in settlements and hunting camps for 8,000 years before the invasion of Spanish colonization. "Trabuco" is Spanish for a Blunderbuss, a type of shotgun. Local legend attributes a Franciscan missionary friar traveling with the Gaspar de Portolà Expedition in 1769 for the story that a blunderbuss was lost in the upper canyon by the creek, and so the naming of the area. John "Don Juan" Forster received a Mexican land grant in 1846 for the canyon lands and creek and established Rancho Trabuco here.
In its natural state, Trabuco Creek supported one of the most significant steelhead trout runs in Orange County, and birds, large mammals, and amphibians still flourish in riparian zones along its undeveloped portions. Trabuco Canyon along upper Trabuco Creek, and long, narrow O'Neill Regional Park, formed from the original land grant of Rancho Trabuco in 1982, are popular off-roading, hiking, fishing and camping areas in the watershed.
Course.
Trabuco Creek begins in the Trabuco Ranger District of the Cleveland National Forest, just west of the Orange–Riverside County border, at an elevation of . The headwaters of the creek are in the large and deep Trabuco Canyon just north of Los Pinos Peak and south of Trabuco Peak. The creek flows in this deep gorge for its first , receiving Holy Jim and Falls Canyon creeks before it passes the unincorporated community of Trabuco Canyon, where Live Oak Canyon Creek joins from the right.
Once out of the mountains, Trabuco Creek changes from a swift mountain torrent to a meandering, braided stream crossing a wide sandy bed known as the "Plano Trabuco". After entering the city limits of Rancho Santa Margarita, the creek flows southwest through the long, narrow wilderness preserve of O'Neill Regional Park. It crosses under California State Route 241, a toll road that follows the western foothills of the Santa Ana Mountains, and passes close to Lake Mission Viejo, a popular recreational lake in the city of Mission Viejo.
Still steadily bending southwards, Trabuco Creek is joined by Tijeras Canyon Creek from the left bank, then passes under a high bridge for Oso Parkway and leaves the southern boundary of the regional park. After passing Saddleback College, located near the southern junction of California State Route 73 and Interstate 5, the creek flows through a residential community and is diverted into twin culverts underneath the interstate.
The creek flows over two large man-made drop structures, the first of which marks the beginning of a small canyon that it flows through almost until it reaches downtown San Juan Capistrano. Passing into the northernmost extreme of San Juan Capistrano, it is joined by its largest tributary, Oso Creek, from the right. The creek flows south through orchards until it is forced into a concrete channel, passes by Mission San Juan Capistrano, and joins with San Juan Creek in downtown San Juan Capistrano.
Discharge.
On Trabuco Creek, the USGS operated two stream gauges, one from 1932–1981, and the second from 1973–2008, both near its mouth. The USGS refers to this creek as "Arroyo Trabuco". For the former gauge, the average flow was or per year, and the highest recorded flow was on February 6, 1937, water flow , with a stage of . For the latter gauge, the average discharge was , per year. The largest flow was (estimated) on 23 February 1998, with a peak stage of . The USGS states that "All or part of the record affected by Urbanization, Mining, Agricultural changes, Channelization, or other", explaining the large discrepancy in average flows between early and more o records. Above their confluence, Trabuco Creek actually is longer and has a greater flow than San Juan Creek, but San Juan Creek drains a larger area.
Watershed.
Geography and boundaries.
The Trabuco Creek watershed covers in the northern and far eastern parts of the San Juan Creek watershed. Located in an arid coastal basin in southern Orange County, the creek's watershed comprises 40.3% of the San Juan Creek watershed. It makes a wide bend from northeast to southwest, bounded by the Santa Ana Mountains to the north, the foothills of the Santa Anas to the west, and a drainage divide within the San Juan watershed itself on the south and east.
Although much of the Trabuco Creek watershed is bounded by the San Juan Creek basin it also borders on several other major Orange and Riverside County watersheds. Listed from east to west, the major San Juan Creek subwatersheds it bounds are Bell Canyon, Cañada Gobernadora, Cañada Chiquita and El Horno Creek. Trabuco Creek's headwaters are actually not physically far from that of Bell Canyon and San Juan Creek, the first of which is the second longest tributary of San Juan Creek. On the west of the Trabuco Creek watershed is the Aliso Creek drainage basin, on the north the Santiago Creek, and on the northeast streams draining into the Lake Elsinore area.
There are between 140,000 and 145,000 people living in the major cities in the Trabuco Creek watershed. This is similar to the population in the Aliso Creek watershed in the north, but in reality the population density of the Trabuco Creek watershed is much lower than that of most Orange County streams like Aliso Creek. (San Juan Creek, excluding Trabuco Creek, is even less urbanized.) The population density of the Trabuco Creek watershed is 2,639 people per square mile, while that of Aliso Creek is 4,904 people per square mile.
Geology.
Geologically the present-day Trabuco Creek basin did not exist as early as the end of the most recent Ice Age. The Santa Ana Mountains, forming the northern, eastern and southeastern boundaries of the entire San Juan Creek watershed, did not begin to form until roughly 5.5 million years ago (MYA). The Santa Ana Mountains at the headwaters of San Juan Creek are composed primarily of Jurassic-age (196.6-145.5 MYA) igneous and sedimentary rock overlain by Cretaceous-age (145.5-66 MYA) granite, gabbro, tolamite, siltstone, sandstone and conglomerates. The underlying rock of the Santa Ana foothills are Paleogene-age (66-2.59 MYA) sandstone.
As the Santa Ana Mountains rose, Trabuco Creek first formed as a canyon cut into the southeastern part of the range. Many of the creeks draining the range—including Santiago Creek, San Diego Creek, Bell Canyon and San Juan Creek—first formed in the same way. The uplift of the San Joaquin Hills, a coastal mountain range generally following the Pacific coast of Orange County, created a physical barrier for these streams flowing off the Santa Ana Mountains. But by the Wisconsinian Glaciation, an enormous climate change helped solve that problem. During the Wisconsinian Glaciation, a period of time that lasted from about 70,000 to 10,000 years ago, glaciers and ice sheets moved south from northern Canada into the northern United States, radically altering the climate of the entire continent. The arid Southern California climate was supplanted by a temperate rainforest climate that would receive rainfall in excess of per year. Trabuco Creek and other streams along the Orange County coast became powerful rivers that cut their way through the San Joaquin Hills.
This changed climate did not last, and by the time it had ended, several enormous canyons had been cut through the high San Joaquin Hills. The Trabuco/San Juan Creek canyon is one of the less prominent ones, and is the last canyon before the San Joaquin Hills continue south into San Diego County. Because of the enormous erosion channels carved out by the Wisconsinian-era rivers, the creeks now flow on broad and deep beds of sediment that have filled these canyons.
Pollution and modifications.
The Trabuco Creek watershed, especially the Oso Creek subwatershed, has been severely affected by suburban development. Lower riparian areas along the creek have been damaged by channelization and contaminated runoff from the creek contributes to pollution problems in Capistrano Bight at the mouth of San Juan Creek at Dana Point. Such pollutants include urban runoff, fertilizers, heavy metals and oils.
There is one dam on Trabuco Creek, located inside Trabuco Canyon. There are also many drop structures on the lower creek.
Climate and biology.
The climate of the Trabuco Creek watershed is almost entirely semi-arid. Scrubland and chaparral make up most of the vegetation in the hilly and sometimes mountainous Trabuco Creek basin. 16 different vegetation "bands", or zones, have been identified in the San Juan Creek watershed as a whole, and most of these also exist in the Trabuco Creek watershed. These range from riparian to chaparral, coastal sage scrub and rocky outcroppings where little to no vegetation grows. In the undeveloped Plano Trabuco, there are grasslands, and most of the lower Trabuco Creek Valley is urbanized.
Riparian zones, consisting of small to medium-sized trees and a variety of other streambank flora, line Trabuco Creek, Tijeras Canyon Creek, and the upper tributaries including Live Oak Canyon, Falls Canyon and Holy Jim Canyon. These riparian habitats are now only found in the upper watershed. Oso Creek is heavily developed, and has little to no riparian vegetation. Lower Trabuco Creek still supports some riparian zones, but they have decreased in health because of the introduction of urban and agricultural runoff.
Aside from the large mammals including mountain lions, coyotes, and bobcats (the last California grizzly bear in the Santa Ana Mountains was shot near Trabuco Canyon) the creek was once a productive habitat for steelhead trout.
Its upper portions, which include numerous gravel beds and bars, stream pools, and cascades, are suitable habitat for the anadromous fish, which still exist as rainbow trout in upper Trabuco Creek. Because of extensive modifications—affecting the stability and water quality of the creek—steelhead no longer migrate to the upper reaches of the Trabuco Creek watershed. Conversely, steelhead were sighted in 2003 and 2005 along the creek. A project was proposed in 2005 to build a fish ladder into a concrete drop structure in Trabuco Creek that blocks steelhead passage. $1.2 million was allocated by the California State Wildlife Conservation Board in 2005 to fund the project, but it has not been begun.
Flora.
The canyon is in the California chaparral and woodlands Ecoregion, with California oak woodland and Chaparral plant communities of California native plants, with invasive plant species of Noxious weeds in the riparian and 'bunch grass' grasslands.
History.
It is hypothesized that Hokan-speaking Native Americans of Shoshone origin occupied a -long, -wide strip of land along much of central Trabuco Creek and most of Oso Creek, its major tributary, beginning at an unknown date. The Shoshoneans centered around the Trabuco/Oso Creek confluence and had a primarily hunter-gatherer way of life.
Eventually, the people in the Southern Orange County/Northern San Diego County area settled down in semi-permanent villages, and this area became part of the Acjachemen tribal territory. There were two Acjachemen villages on the main stem of the Trabuco and one on Oso Creek, as well as numerous settlements at the confluence of San Juan and Trabuco Creeks all the way downstream to the Pacific. This was the historic landscape encountered by the Spanish conquistadors when they began expeditions to the area in the 18th century.
In 1769 Gaspar de Portolà led an expedition to the canyons of the Santa Ana Mountains. They camped on a bluff east of Trabuco Creek on the night of July 24–25, and the next day, one of the soldiers found his "trabuco", or blunderbuss (the type of gun), missing. The expedition never found the gun, and they named the creek "Arroyo Trabuco" as a memorial. Mission San Juan Capistrano was established in 1776 at the confluence of San Juan and Trabuco creeks.
Rancho Trabuco was a Mexican land grant that covered most of the upper Trabuco Creek watershed. Created in 1841, its boundaries were changed in both 1843 and 1846. In 1880, the land was sold to F.L.S. Pioche and the final owners were James L. Flood and Jerome O'Neill, who created the O'Neill Ranch out of the Rancho Trabuco. The name stayed and most of the ranch is now the site of O'Neill Regional Park, which was dedicated on October 5, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19584949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19584949" title="Song of the Dawn">
Song of the Dawn

"Song of the Dawn" was a 1930 song, first introduced in the musical film "King of Jazz". The song was originally written for Bing Crosby, who lost the part to John Boles, another actor in the film.
In the '30s, numerous recordings were made, even by Crosby himself.

</doc>
<doc id="19585003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585003" title="Northern Red-billed Hornbill">
Northern Red-billed Hornbill

The Northern Red-billed Hornbill ("Tockus erythrorhynchus") is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.
It is found from southern Mauritania through Somalia and northeast Tanzania. All five Red-billed Hornbills were formerly considered conspecific.

</doc>
<doc id="19585007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585007" title="Western Red-billed Hornbill">
Western Red-billed Hornbill

The Western Red-billed Hornbill ("Tockus kempi") is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.
It is found from Senegal and Gambia to southern Mauritania and western Mali. All five Red-billed Hornbills were formerly considered conspecific.

</doc>
<doc id="19585016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585016" title="Marsden Park Aerodrome">
Marsden Park Aerodrome

Marsden Park Aerodrome was an aerodrome constructed by the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) near Marsden Park, New South Wales, Australia during World War II.
The aerodrome was built in 1942, as a relief landing ground for RAAF Base Richmond, with a runway long and wide. A number of RAAF radar stations; No's 169, 170, 309 & 312 were located around the aerodrome during separate times. The aerodrome was abandoned after World War II and was briefly used as a motorsport facility in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="19585020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585020" title="Southern Red-billed Hornbill">
Southern Red-billed Hornbill

The Southern Red-billed Hornbill ("Tockus rufirostris") is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.
It is found from Malawi and Zambia to southern Angola and Transvaal. All five Red-billed Hornbills were formerly considered conspecific.

</doc>
<doc id="19585024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585024" title="Damara Red-billed Hornbill">
Damara Red-billed Hornbill

The Damara Red-billed Hornbill ("Tockus damarensis") is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.
It is found from southwest Angola, northern Namibia, and western Botswana. All five Red-billed Hornbills were formerly considered conspecific.

</doc>
<doc id="19585072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585072" title="Sensors (album)">
Sensors (album)

Paatos is the first live album and the fifth release overall by the Swedish progressive rock band Paatos.

</doc>
<doc id="19585097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585097" title="VMO-2">
VMO-2

Marine Observation Squadron 2 (VMO-2) was an observation squadron of the United States Marine Corps which saw extensive action during World War II and the Vietnam War. They were based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, Japan and Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton, California and saw their final combat in support of Operation Desert Storm in 1991. They were deactivated on 23 May 1993.
Mission.
Provide aerial fire support spotting and intelligence in support of the Marine Air-Ground Task Force.
History.
World War II & the 1950s.
Artillery Spotting Division, Marine Observation Squadron 251 (VMO-251) was activated at Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia on 1 November 1943. In February 1944, VMO-251 was redesignated VMO-2 and attached to the 2nd Marine Division in Hawaii flying hundreds of missions in the OY-1 aircraft. The squadron participated in the Battle of Saipan where they were the first American airplanes to land at Marpi Point Field. During the Battle of Tinian the squadron reconnoitered the island and registered the various batteries positions. The Battle of Okinawa would see their last combat of the war. During the battle, aircraft from the squadron would again be the first American planes to land on the island and they would continue in their primary role of reconnaissance and artillery-spotting missions. Following the surrender of Japan, the squadron remained in Japan until June 1946 when it sailed for the United States. Arriving at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina, VMO-2 was reassigned to Marine Aircraft Group 22 (MAG-22), 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing. Here the squadron was deactivated on 26 August 1946. 
VMO-2 was reactivated in 15 June 1951 at Marine Corps Air Station Santa Ana, California where they specialized in reconnaissance, artillery and naval gunfire spotting. In 1953, the squadron moved to Japan with fixed and rotary wing aircraft, and remained there until April 1956 when all but a subunit was relocated to Okinawa.
Vietnam War.
Beginning in 1965 VMO-2 was part of Marine Aircraft Group 16 (MAG-16) at Marble Mountain Air Facility, Da Nang in South Vietnam flying the UH-1E Iroquois before receiving the OV-10 Bronco. Beginning in 1969 they began to fly the AH-1G SuperCobra. The squadron split on 17 December 1969, becoming an OV-10 only unit. On 2 February 1970 VMO-2 transferred to Marine Aircraft Group 11 (MAG-11). The squadron flew its last combat mission on 22 March 1971. The Bronco flew over 38,000 combat flight hours between September 8, 1968 and 23 March 1971. On 24–25 March 1971, the remaining 14 Broncos were flown to Naval Air Station Cubi Point, Philippines for follow on travel to the United States. The squadron was in cadre status until 30 September 1971 when it was reactivated at MCALF Camp Pendleton, California. They received the 9 OV-10s that had been assigned to HMLA-267.
Operation Desert Storm.
In August 1990, VMO-2 made aviation news by launching six OV-10's on an unprecedented 16,000 km (10,000 mi) journey to Saudi Arabia in support of Operation Desert Shield. Beginning in January 1991 the squadron flew a total of 286 combat missions totaling 900 flight hours during Operation Desert Storm. Missions were flown around the clock for the duration of the conflict, focusing primarily on controlling U.S. and Allied artillery, numerous attack aircraft, and naval gunfire, including spotting for the 's first combat firing since the Korean War. The squadron performed these demanding and crucial missions despite being targeted by Iraqi surface-to-air missile gunners over 94 times and while trying to avoid large concentrations of antiaircraft artillery. These efforts resulted in confirmed kills totaling 54 tanks, 53 armored personnel carriers, 49 artillery pieces, 112 other vehicles, and four command post buildings.
Popular culture.
In the U.S. television series Magnum, P.I. (1980–1988) the main characters Rick Wright played by Larry Manetti, and T.C. played by Roger E. Mosley had previously been members of VMO-2 in Vietnam. Tom Selleck and Roger E. Mosley wore "VMO-2 DaNang" baseball caps in the series.
Unit awards.
A unit citation or commendation is an award bestowed upon an organization for the action cited. Members of the unit who participated in said actions are allowed to wear on their uniforms the awarded unit citation. VMO-2 has been presented with the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19585196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585196" title="Old St. Peter's Episcopal Church">
Old St. Peter's Episcopal Church

Old St. Peter's Episcopal Church is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument located in the San Pedro section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles. Built in 1883 in the Carpenter Gothic Victorian architecture style, it is San Pedro's oldest church.
History.
Using the same hand tools that were used to build ships, local residents built St. Peter’s in 1883. The first service was held in April 1884 at the original location on Beacon Street, between 2nd and 3rd Street, on what was then Nob Hill. The church was designed in the Carpenter Gothic style of Victorian architecture, and measured only 21 feet by 60 feet. It has 110 hand-hewn pews, plain white walls, and a lectern supported by an angel carved out of redwood. The furnishings and paneling were made of redwood brought from Northern California on sailing vessels. In a profile of the church published in 1968, the "Los Angeles Times" described the old church as looking "like a dollhouse," but "with the rough-hewn charm of a 19th century ship."
Until approximately 1900, the church was used for both Catholic and Protestant services. Its steeple was lighted at night with a lantern, and from its location on Nob Hill, it served as a beacon for ships approaching the port. In 1904, St. Peter’s was moved to Tenth and Mesa Streets in the Vinegar Hill section of San Pedro. The steeple fell off in the move to Vinegar Hill and was replaced with a belfry the still exists.
Vacant.
By 1953, the congregation had outgrown the small church, which had room for only 100 parishioners. A new St. Peter's was built, and the old church was left vacant and in danger of demolition. A group of local residents persuaded the city to accept and maintain the church, provided the group could raise $5,000 to move it to Harbor View Memorial Park. The fundraising effort succeeded, and St. Peter’s was moved to its present location in September 1956. The church was deconsecrated and rededicated as a memorial chapel, which is open for special occasions, including weddings and music recitals.
In October, 2008, there are plans to move the church from Harbor View Cemetery in the San Pedro neighborhood of Los Angeles, to Green Hills Memorial Park, in the city of Palos Verdes Estates, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19585201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585201" title="Wescorp Energy">
Wescorp Energy

Wescorp Energy is a Canadian company which provides technology for separating water from oil which it claims is significantly more effective than previous technologies.
Mark Norris, a former Alberta Cabinet Minister of Economic Development under Premier Ralph Klein, is the company's chairman. 
Oil/Water separation.
WesCorp developed and patented a new method of separating oil from production wastewater and re-injecting the water into drilled oil wells. As a by-product, the separated oil could be added to total production. As of August 2008, this testing phase was reported as complete and the new process has begun entering mainstream oil production.
The cleaner water can be injected to improve pressures in the reservoir without blocking the well. The company states that its process can reduce operating costs for a well by reducing the number of fracs (well servicing events) a year from 10 to five. Also, about 40 barrels of oil can be recovered from a 2,000-barrel-per-day facility.
The conventional technology used today to remediate water leaves oil contamination of 0.5% to 3%. Wescorp claims its technology can improve that to .005% (50 parts per million).

</doc>
<doc id="19585230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585230" title="Brown Hornbill">
Brown Hornbill

The Brown Hornbill has been split into two species:

</doc>
<doc id="19585242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585242" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 5">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 5

The 5th District is an electoral district for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and is currently represented by Republican John R. Evans. The district is made up of parts of Erie and Crawford counties and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19585246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585246" title="Divino Amore Academy">
Divino Amore Academy

The Divino Amore Academy (DAA) in Lower Mohon, Talisay City, Cebu, Philippines formerly Divine Love High School is a private sectarian school that derives its mission from the apostolate of the Augustinian Sisters of Divine Love (ASDL). Their charism is to dedicate themselves to the education of children and youth and to the teaching of catechism. Thus, Divino Amore Academy exists primarily for the upliftment of the poor especially the youth through a gospel-oriented quality education.
History.
Divino Amore Academy (formerly Divine Love High School) is a private sectarian school that derives its mission from the apostolate of the Augustinian Sisters of Divine Love (ASDL).
In 1993, the Augustinian Sisters of Divine Love in the persons of Sr. Rosalia (Andrianella) Mamprin, ASDL and Sr. Sonia Go, ASDL, found an area in Talisay where Secondary Education was needed. The surrounding barangays of Pooc and Mohon were then deprived of a Barangay High School, thus, secondary education was viable only to those who could afford private education. With this, the ASDL saw an opportunity to extend their mission to the concerned residents.
With the Memorandum of Agreement entered into by the Augustinian Sisters of Divine Love with local government officials, the school opened in 1993 for first year students only. The pioneering principal of the institution was Sr. Sonia Go, ASDL, with a total of 92 enrollees.
Since a building was not completely constructed, the students made use of a makeshift wooden classroom and used a bamboo pole for flag raising, with improvised layers of wood as a stage. This effort was supported by the Australian – Filipino Augustinian Solidarity (AFAS) by giving scholarship grants to poor but deserving students of the institution.
The school started with two sections for the first year and teachers were provided from the Department of Education, Culture and Sports. This situation was also true for 1994 where first and second year levels were already opened under the same administrator.
In 1995, the School Principal was Sr. Elena Remolino, ASDL. Another makeshift classroom was constructed to cater for the additional number of students (since a third year level had been opened). Some students were able to use some of the rooms in the 2-storey building of the institution in the latter part of the year. On the first floor, four classrooms were used as well as the principal’s office and the Science Laboratory was opened; in the second floor, another four classrooms were used and the library on the right wing of the building.
In S.Y. 1996-1997 Divino Amore Academy produced its first graduates. The Principal was Sr. Concepcion Lasconia, ASDL. The first graduation ceremony was celebrated in Sto. Niño Mohon Parish Church by Rev. Fr. Dominador Dormiendo. This memorable celebration was blessed with the presence of Hon. Eduardo Gullas who had been very supportive of the institution.
The fifth year of operation (S.Y. 1997-1998) marked the end of the Memorandum of Agreement entered by the ASDL with the local government officials. This year paved way for the 2nd batch of graduates under the same administration.
In S.Y. 1998-1999, the Divino Amore Academy was given the Permit to operate aComplete High School. This time the Multi-Purpose Building was also constructed, where the 1st Graduation Ceremony of Divino Amore Academy was held.
The institution started with eight computers with teachers from Josrika Training Center, with the students paying P50.00 as computer laboratory fee. The Computer Laboratory was situated in the second floor of the school building. Another laboratory was also opened during this school year — the T.L.E. Laboratory. It is equipped with 6 unused manually operated sewing machines and 2 display cabinets.
On October 16, 2001, Government Recognition No. 001 Series of 2001 was awarded to Divino Amore Academy as an officially DECS recognized Secondary Education Institution. This happened under the administration of Sr. Concepcion Lasconia, ASDL.
The next school year, 2001-2002, another administrator took over the school in the person of Sr. Elena Remolino, ASDL.ASDL a break.
Sr. Concepcion Lasconia, ASDL came back for S.Y. 2002-2003 to continue the improvements she started. The tie-up with Josrika Training Center for computer education was done, the computer units were turned over to the school administration and a teacher from the school itself taught the subject matter.
For S.Y. 2003-2004, Sr. Sarah Geonzon, ASDL took over in running the institution. The following year, Sr. Sarah was sent for a mission to Rome, Italy.
The new administrator from 2004 to 2007 was Sr. Lucila Ferrater. By S.Y. 2005-2006, the administrators converted the Multi-Purpose Building into classrooms for the rising population of enrollees. In this same school year, the DAA Gymnasium was constructed, where the Graduation Ceremony of the same batch took place.
By summer of S.Y. 2006-2007, in answer to the invitation of Fund for Assistance to Private Education (FAPE)’s In-Service Training Seminar, Divino Amore Academy sent five teachers (one for English, Math, Science, Filipino, and Araling Panlipunan) to attend the semminar. As an evaluation, FAPE visited the institution by February 2007 to evaluate teachers’ demonstration on the application and use of FAPE’s Learning Packages.
The result of FAPE’s visit was positive, thereby, gaining the institution a Certification from DepEd and FAPE. With this positive result at hand, the institution continued to practice and implement the standards set forth by the Department of Education.
S.Y. 2007-2008 leaves the Computer Laboratory with 35 computers and three printers, the T.L.E. Laboratory with 18 manually operated sewing machines and one electrically operated sewing machine. Part of the convent will be used for an Audio Visual Room (AVR) which is equipped with a TV set, a laptop and an LCD Projector.
Official Seal.
At the center is a burning flame on an earthen vessel with a cross lifted up on high. This burning flame symbolizes the all – consuming love of God as the center of everything we do. The earthen vessel represents the least of our brethren as the main reason for the school’s existence while the cross is a symbol that the institution carries with it the teachings of the Catholic Church.
The book on the left side stands for the Word of God as seen and observed in its educational services while the praying hands on the right side represents the individuals who are not only skilled and productive, but gospel and value-oriented citizens as well.
All these are enveloped in two circles that signify the vision of the institution which is to build a community where there is fullness of life.
Patron Saints.
Our Lady of Assumption is the Patroness of the Augustinian Sisters of Divine Love. The Father Founder, Venerable Cardinal Mark Anthony Barbarigo entrusts us his children under the protection of our Lady. The school also recognizes St. Augustine, St.Joseph, St. Francis de Sales as part of our devotional practices. Also include Don Biagio Morani who helps the founder Cardinal Mark Anthony Barbarigo for his journey in founding this academy the DIVINO AMORE ACADEMY.
Recognition.
The Divino Amore Academy Inc. Talisay City, Cebu was originally approved by the Security and Exchange Commission, Cebu City dated May 28, 1997. Complete transcript of the Articles of Incorporation was issued on May 28, 1997. The Department of Education, Culture and Sports (DECS) granted government recognition for the First to Fourth Year Secondary Curriculum on the 16th day of October, 2000 with a Government recognition No, 001, s. 2001. Lately, the Department of Education (DepEd) through the Fund assistance to Private Education (FAPE) duly certified that the overall rating of the school is Within Standard in Part I and in part II, Very Good.

</doc>
<doc id="19585248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585248" title="Chicos de Barrio">
Chicos de Barrio

Los Chicos del Barrio was formed in 1995 in Torreon, Coahuila, Mexico. This musical group is formed from 11 elements, in which the percussion, harmony and swing are predominant. This Mexican eleven member tropical band have burst mainstream throughout the Northern American continent. This musical group combines urban, hip hop, salsa, vallenato, reggae and many other music genres. This in turn lead to a unique and distinctive musical rhythm and beat. Not only has the music been stylish but their unique style of dressing has always been appreciated from many of the musical groups' followers.
Early years.
In the beginning Chicos de Barrio did not have an artistic name. They would only play music together in search of a name as unique as their style in wardrobe and music. They chose Chicos de Barrio, a name as unique as themselves. When in search of a record company to sign a record deal was nowhere in sight, they never gave up and continued to perform locally and in surrounding areas. One day a now great producer for Video Home, Amador Granados came across them and offered to record their first official disc titled, Triste Lagunera for the record label MCM (Metro Casa Musical). This compact disc was recorded in the overlooking city of Los Angeles, Corona, California. Amador Granados was sold the reproduction rights of Chicos de Barrio, which in turn lead to Mr. Granados owning any right to reproduce their music. This was their break of their lives as upcoming musicians. It took one full year to fully implement the Triste Lagunera project. After one full year of implementing this compact disc, Chicos de Barrio was finally here and here for good! After one full year of working on the first and original production of Chicos de Barrio Triste Lagunera much was to come ahead for this excellent musical group with the support of Amador Granados.
Accomplishments.
One year after their original project of Triste Lagunera, Chicos de Barrio began to tour United States of America. While still touring with Amador Granados help, Jesus Dimas Maciel and Juan Angel Najera set up local events in such places as San Antonio, Texas, Austin, Texas, Houston, Texas and many other local cities in Texas. Five years after they originally met with Amador Granados, Metro Casa Musical, and EMI Latin have been some of the few record labels to contract Chicos de Barrio, and pave the way for this spectacular musical group. From opening acts for such groups as Michael Salgado, Bobby Pulido, and Intocable and many more, to headlining some of the groups mentioned above and having great performances across the United States of America and all of Mexico. Performances with such great artists like Juan Gabriel and former Lead Vocals for Los Kumbia Kings DJ Kane are just some of the few things to mention. Invitation by the Governor of Coahuila to perform and attend at various Mexican Nominations. Chicos de Barrio also performed live across U.S.A and Mexico on such shows as Televisa Musica, Furia Musical, Hoy, Al Fin de Semana, Sabado Gigante, Despierta America, El Gordo y la Flaca, Primer Impacto to performances at such places like La Plaza de Toros de Mexico, El Auditorio Nacional, El Palacio de Los Deportes and many more places and shows. A big broadcasting company that has had a lot to do with the expansion and growth of Chicos de Barrio is Univision. One of the biggest accomplishments for this fabulous musical group was with Warner Bros. Records when given the opportunity to perform and record the self-titled Mucha Lucha theme song. Currently this show is broadcasting on Cartoon Network and abroad.
In 2011 Dimas Maciel left the group to serve Christ although he continues to manage the group, he will also continue with the concept of Chicos de Barrio but offstage.
At the start of 2013, the other lead singer Susana Ortiz known to everyone as "La grandota de la comarka" has also parted ways from the group. Chicos de Barrio have welcomed 2 new vocalists that will take the place for Dimas and Susana..
Gabriel Grijalva Blanco has stepped in and is the lead male vocalist for the group. He is an ex-member of the group "LA MERA VENA". Although he knew he had big shoes to fill in this group, Gabriel has jumped right in and has taken center stage with the same energy and charisma as Dimas. Alongside of Gabriel is the new female vocalist, Sammy Debaral from Monclova, Mexico.
Don't be so quick to count this group out.. CHICOS DE BARRIO continue to tour in their tour bus all around the U.S.A as well as in Mexico..
Winners Of Latin Music Awards 2010 "Mejor Tropical"
Discography.
Jesus Dimas Maciel/Alfredo "FRED" Lopez

</doc>
<doc id="19585295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585295" title="Zuiderdijk">
Zuiderdijk

Zuiderdijk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19585340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585340" title="Sunshine (magazine)">
Sunshine (magazine)

Sunshine was a "feel good" monthly digest, filled with uplifting short articles and anecdotes.
Overview.
"Sunshine" was subtitled "A Soulful Magazet". The issues were purposefully slim, often just 42 pages long, including the back cover, with short quick-to-read articles. Each page was filled with warm anecdotes and advice. Published on Route 66 in Litchfield, Illinois, it was distributed worldwide. Inside the front cover of many issues was an appeal on behalf of the "Sunshine Magazet Circle of Great Britain", an organization that distributed issues of "Sunshine" to "hospitals, old folks homes (sic), holiday guest centers, etc." It was a volunteer operation and readers were encourage to buy an extra subscription for the use of that organization. Gospel singer Rosa Page Welch said that there were three things she saw everywhere in her world travels, Coca-Cola, Standard Oil and "Sunshine" magazine.
Religion.
Many librarians would group the title with religious titles, but there is no overt proselytism. Inside the front cover is the disclaimer ""Sunshine Magazine" is not the instrument of any organizations or doctrine. In an Independent stature, its sole interest is to serve its readers".
Although nonsectarian, "Sunshine" did not shy away from religious topics, generally slanted toward Christianity. The "Volumes of Sunshine" offered for sale were suggested as gifts to clergymen, as well as social workers, teachers, speakers and radio broadcasters.
Good News.
Printed inside the front cover was the assertion: "A little magazine of uplifting stories and anecdotes to cheer people up." It was similar in format to Reader's Digest and Coronet (magazine). The stories were, however much shorter. Examples of its content include:
Volumes of "Sunshine".
Annual editions of bound monthly issues were sold under the name [ Year ] Volume of Sunshine (e.g. 1963 Volume of Sunshine). The annual volumes, began with a comprehensive index of key topics, a section of the poetry included, as well as in index to the authors.
Alternatively, one could buy "best of" editions called a "Book of Sunshine", 32-page, edited editions, culled from multiple editions of the slightly larger monthly magazine.
Legacy.
"Sunshine" was touted as a good place for new writers to get published. The headquarters building "House of Sunshine" was later renamed Sunshine Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19585341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585341" title="Little Company of Mary Hospital (Pretoria)">
Little Company of Mary Hospital (Pretoria)

The Little Company of Mary is a private hospital in Pretoria, South Africa. It is situated in Groenkloof, a leavy suburb south east of the city centre. It was opened to the public in 1957.
The hospital is part of the Life Healthcare group, and features a state of the art stroke unit run by Dr W. Duim ("Neurologist)".

</doc>
<doc id="19585364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585364" title="VMSB-342">
VMSB-342

Marine Scout Bombing Squadron 342 (VMSB-342) was a dive bomber squadron in the United States Marine Corps. The squadron, also known as the “Bats from Hell”, was active during World War II but never saw combat in the Pacific Theater. They were decommissioned on October 10, 1944.
History.
Marine Scout Bombing Squadron 342 was commissioned on July 1, 1943 at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina. In April 1944 they transferred to Marine Corps Auxiliary Airfield Atlantic. Some of the squadron's pilots would go for follow on training to Boca Chica Key, Florida at the site of what today is Naval Air Station Key West. In August 1944, the squadron again transferred, this time to Marine Corps Air Station Newport, Arkansas where they remained until they were decommissioned on October 10, 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="19585424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585424" title="Mount Murray railway station">
Mount Murray railway station

Mount Murray is a former railway station near Mount Murray on the Unanderra to Moss Vale railway line in New South Wales, Australia. The station is listed on local and NSW State Heritage Registers as a rare surviving example of small station infrastructure.
History.
The station was opened with the line on 20 August 1932, as part of the war effort for a 400-metre-long crossing loop for heavy World War II traffic. The platform was constructed from pre-cast concrete and the single small station building was of timber. The crossing loop was reopened and extended to 650 metres following the installation of CTC in the 1980s. Since September 2008, signalling functions for the crossing loop through the station and the adjoining main line have been managed by Railcorp's network control centre in Junee.
Heritage status.
The station buildings were listed as heritage items by Wingecarribee Shire Council in 1989. In 1999 the station and an area of tracks 50 metres either side of it were also listed on the NSW State Heritage Register. The station was described as architecturally, historically and socially rare, and "representative of many small structures that have been removed from the rail system as branch lines and small locations have become redundant."
The line alongside the platform also forms part of the Sydney to Moss Vale heritage run operated by 3801 steam locomotives. 

</doc>
<doc id="19585432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585432" title="United States at the 1968 Summer Paralympics">
United States at the 1968 Summer Paralympics

The United States competed at the 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv, Israel from November 4 to 13, 1968. The team finished first out of the twenty-eight competing nations in the medal table and won ninety-nine medals: thirty-three gold, twenty-seven silver and thirty-nine bronze. Eighty-two American athletes took part; fifty-three men and twenty-nine women. 
Ed Owen won medals in six different sports; nine golds and a bronze in athletics, two golds in swimming and a silver in wheelchair basketball.
Disability classifications.
The Paralympics groups athletes' disabilities into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependant upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing.
Medalists.
The following United States athletes won medals at the Games;
Dartchery.
The only dartchery event at the Games was the mixed pairs event which took a knockout format. The United States was represented by Geissinger and Kelderhouse; the pair beat athletes from Jamaica, Italy and Australia to set up a semi-final meeting with Tanaka and Matsumoto of Japan. The Americans won the match and went on to defeat a second Australian pair in the final round to win the gold medal.
Wheelchair basketball.
America entered teams in both the men's and women's wheelchair basketball events and won medals in each. The women's event took the form of a single pool stage with medals awarded to the top three teams. The USA team won two matches and lost two matches, scoring 31 points and conceding 30, to finish in third place and take the bronze medal. The men's event featured a pool stage followed by a knockout competition. The USA men beat Great Britain and the Switzerland and Germany to advance to the quarterfinals. They then beat Argentina and Great Britain again to reach the gold medal match. Facing the hosts Israel, USA lost 47–37 and had to settle for the silver medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19585447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585447" title="The Desperate Passage Series">
The Desperate Passage Series

The Desperate Passage Series is an American television docu-drama series which ran on KTLA with world-wide syndication from 1988 to 1994. The entire series was directed by Lee Stanley and during its six year run was nominated for thirty-three Emmy Awards and won thirteen statues. The shows often focused on juvenile prisoners who were released into Stanley's custody for ten days at sea aboard his sailboat for the journey of their lives and a voyage viewers would never forget. 
Each episode was made for a modest budget, the first for only $25,000 and each one after for less than $200,000. Often Stanley would make the shows with a skeleton crew and modernized the run and gun approach, usually producing with his son Shane Stanley or wife Linda. Regardless of the budgets, each episode except for A Time for Life was nominated and won several Emmy Awards against big- budgeted network counterparts. 
Guest Star Hosts.
Michael Landon, Louis Gossett, Jr., Sharon Gless, Marlo Thomas, and Edward James Olmos.
Series Titles.
Desperate Passage
Maiden Voyage
A Time for Life
Gridiron Gang
Father/Son
A Step Apart
Good Cop, Bad Kid
Spin-offs and Cultural References.
Gridiron Gang was made into a major motion picture for Sony Pictures that starred Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. 
The Comebacks had several quotes and spoofs from Gridiron Gang.
Drug Watch Los Angeles was a quarterly series hosted by Lee Stanley offering an in depth look as a city and its residents crack down on drug dealers and users. 
A Time for Life was developed into a major motion picture by The Walt Disney Company but never made it to the big screen.

</doc>
<doc id="19585449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585449" title="JobStreet.com">
JobStreet.com

JobStreet.com is a job portal founded in 1997. Founded in Malaysia, it has expanded its operations to Singapore, Philippines, India, Bangladesh, Japan, Thailand and Vietnam, and is now Southeast Asia's largest online employment company, according to Forbes. As of July 2010, the Group services over 60,000 corporate customers and over 7 million jobseekers. In 2007, JobStreet.com had already been serving over 40,000 corporate customers and over 4 million jobseekers.
It became a public listed entity in 2004 when parent company JobStreet Corporation Berhad was listed on the MESDAQ Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities on 29 Nov 2004. Thereafter, JobStreet.com fulfilled the criteria for a listing on the Main Board and submitted the transfer application in July 2007, which was subsequently approved by the Securities Commission in October. JobStreet Corporation Berhad is quoted on the Main Board under its new stock short name, JOBST. On 8 March 2008, JobStreet completed the acquisition of Autoworld.com.my, making the Malaysian auto website a wholly owned subsidiary of the company.
Products and services.
The firm has developed a job matching engine named LiNa that matches registered jobseekers to suitable positions posted on JobStreet.com. The system currently sends out about 2.5 million emails a day on job matches to its registered jobseekers. For employers JobStreet.com provids a job posting platform, named SiVa where they can post job advertisement online or perform database searches.
The firm also has a comprehensive list of online recruitment products and services, for both jobseekers and employers includig, namely online recruitment, outsourced human capital service, software as a service (SaaS), e-commerce & e-business and jobseekers' services. 
The firm also provide resources for jobseekers' career growth. Among these are the JobStreet.com English Language Assessment, the JobStreet.com Resume & Interview assessments, Forum for Career & Education, salary reports, JobStreet.com StreetSmart newsletter, and JobStreet Blog, (fondly called as BlogStreet).
Management team.
Suresh Thirugnanam,- Chief Operating Officer 
Greg Poarch - Chief Financial Officer 
History.
The JobStreet journey actually started some thirteen years ago in the budding days of the Internet. It was founded by Mark under MOL.com in 1995, the initial parent of JobStreet.com, where it was a very successful "portal" even before the word "portal" was invented. 
After graduating from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a master's degree in mechanical engineering in 1990, Chang returned to Malaysia and took a job as an engineer at a catheter factory in Perlis, a rural state on the Thai border. Out of his desire to provide Malaysian students abroad a platform to stay connected with their families and keep abreast of the local news, music and job market, MOL AccessPortal(which was later sold to Vincent Tan, the CEO of Berjaya Group for USD 3.2 million.) Spun off into an entirely new venture in 1995, JobStreet.com was envisioned to provide an automated platform for accurately matching employers and jobseekers to ease the recruitment process as Mark realized that many students overseas were using the site to look for jobs when they graduated. The starting capital of JobStreet was reportedly USD 2.6 million back then.
One of the key to JobStreet's success today is the visionary leadership that Mark provides and communicates as founder and CEO. 
Mark Chang has an innate conservatism that led him to seek advice from people who made sense and to shrug off the myriad Internet experts and would-be investors who urged JobStreet to grow fast. This helped the company sidestep the dot-com bust in 2000, which wiped out many of his competitors. When Asia's economic boom resumed, JobStreet was well positioned. Along the way Chang, who wrote much of the software that powers the company, had to learn to relinquish control of the technical stuff and don the mantle of chief executive.
Following are the excerpts of Mark Chang's remarks when he was interviewed by Forbes. 
"People were just handing out cash in those days," he says. "And these people had suggestions that seemed so unbelievable I couldn't sign my name to them." Some, he recalls, thought JobStreet should quickly expand clear across Asia and list on Nasdaq. "I thought they were crazy. We couldn't even list on Nasdaq now." That caution had definitely served him well. 
This innate conservatism was also accompanied by rational openness. Despite rejecting all the speculative venture capitals, he did accept investments from seasoned global investors. In 1999 he accepted a $1.6 million investment from San Francisco venture capital firm Walden International. After putting in more money in 2001, Walden owned 30% of JobStreet. Walden was indeed the catalyst for JobStreet's move from a still loss-making start-up to a regional major market player. It urged Mark Chang to hire executives with business experience, to expand to other key Southeast Asia countries and to trim cost. This could not be more aptly described by Mark Chang himself in the Forbes interview that goes "It was a wake-up call, they demanded that we run it like a real company."
To help out, he recruited his two Malaysian classmates from MIT: Albert Wong as chief technology officer and Suresh Thiru as chief operating officer.
Mark's vision of JobStreet's future has created a shared purpose amongst its 700 plus employees. Mark strongly believes that JobStreet.com can create an ultimate environment where people are able to find the job that they want. He believes that if the people are happy in the job they love, they will be more productive, their families too will be happier and the nation as a whole will prosper. That is why he champions JobStreet's vision of Improving People's Live through a Better Career. With this vision, he draws a conceptual roadmap to an imagined future where JobStreet.com provides services necessary to make job hunting and recruiting a transparent, simple and even enjoyable process for the workforce throughout Asia and enable them to translate their skills to the right job and personal happiness.
Corporate affairs.
On April 10, 2008, JobStreet announced its partnership with the 1 Team Malaysia. JobStreet logo had then been featured on the rear wing of the Malaysian A1 Race Car. In return, A1 Team banner advertisement was also feature on JobStreet.com homepage.
On September 16, 2008, SEEK Limited, an Australian internet job recruitment company, bought a 10% stake in Malaysian employment site JobStreet Corporation for $19.3 million. 
On September 19, 2008 - for the second year in a row, JobStreet.com was selected by Forbes Asia as Best 200 Under a Billion company.
On April 6, 2009, JobStreet.com launched PitchYourTalent.com, a site which focuses on highlighting talents. In less than one year, this site has attracted about 80,000 new members.
In response to the global economic downturn in 2009, JobStreet.com launched JobStreet Retrenchment Helpline (RHL) which was officially ended on July 22, 2010. Since the inception of the RHL, over 50% of retrenched JobStreet.com members have secured jobs during the past year through JobStreet.com.
On May 13, 2009, JobStreet announced a marketing partnership with AsiaTravel.com, a pan-Asia online hotels and travel reservation service provider with network of offices in 8 countries. CEO of JobStreet described the partnership with this company listed on Singapore Stock Exchange as "mutually beneficial" as JobStreet would be able to bring jobseekers value-added leisure opportunities though some great travel products that they can take advantage of when they are not working.

</doc>
<doc id="19585473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585473" title="USS Zizania (1888)">
USS Zizania (1888)

USS "Zizania" was a patrol craft tender that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919 and again as USS "Adario" from 1943 to 1946. 
"Zizania" was built in 1888 at Baltimore, Maryland, as a lighthouse tender for the United States Lighthouse Service.
Service History.
1917-1925.
"Zizania" was transferred to the U.S. Department of War by an executive order dated 24 April 1917. Subsequently reassigned to the US Navy, "Zizania" served during World War I as a tender to section patrol craft operating in the 1st Naval District.
When control over the United States Lighthouse Service reverted on 1 July 1919 to the US Department of Commerce, "Zizania" was struck from the Navy List. Based at Portland, Maine, she resumed duty tending lighthouses along the New England coast and remained so employed until 1925, when her name was dropped from the list of United States Lighthouse Service vessels.
Little is known concerning "Zizania's" fate from 1925 to 1938. By the latter year, she was owned by Mr. John F. Burke and operated out of Boston, Mass.
1943-1946.
The Navy reacquired her through the Maritime Commission on 9 August 1943 at which time she was placed in service at Norfolk, Va. On 26 August, she was renamed "Adario" and designated YNT-25. She spent the remainder of World War II operating at Norfolk under the control of the Commandant, 5th Naval District. During her term of service, "Adario" probably performed more tug duties than net tender chores for, on 4 August 1945, she was redesignated a medium tug, YTM-743. 
She was placed out of service on 17 April 1946, and her name was struck from the Navy list on 1 May 1946. She was transferred to the Maritime Commission's War Shipping Administration on 21 January 1947 for final disposition.

</doc>
<doc id="19585496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585496" title="Wilson polynomials">
Wilson polynomials

In mathematics, Wilson polynomials are a family of orthogonal polynomials introduced by 
that generalize Jacobi polynomials, Hahn polynomials, and Charlier polynomials. 
They are defined in terms of the generalized hypergeometric function and the Pochhammer symbols by

</doc>
<doc id="19585497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585497" title="The Carroll County Accident">
The Carroll County Accident

"The Carroll County Accident" is a 1968 country song written by Bob Ferguson, and recorded by Porter Wagoner. It was a hit for Wagoner and became one of his signature songs. The Carroll County Accident won CMA's Song of the Year in 1969.
Content.
In the song, the singer tells the story of a single-car accident that occurs just inside the county line near his hometown. The passenger, Walter Browning, an upstanding member of the community and seemingly happily married man, dies; while the driver, Mary Ellen Jones, a woman not his wife but also well respected, survives to testify she was taking him to town on an errand of mercy. 
The singer describes examining the wreckage and finding evidence of an extramarital affair between the two. He promptly disposes of the evidence and swears himself to silence. He does this in order to preserve their reputations in the county because, as he reveals in the last verse, Walter Browning was his father.
The song reached number 2 on "Billboard's" Hot Country Songs and number 92 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Covers.
Wagoner's frequent musical collaborator Dolly Parton covered "The Carroll Country Accident" in 1969, including it on her "In the Good Old Days (When Times Were Bad)" album.

</doc>
<doc id="19585505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585505" title="Robertson railway station">
Robertson railway station

Robertson Heritage Railway Station is a railway station on the Unanderra – Moss Vale railway line, New South Wales, Australia.
The Station is looked after by the RHRS (Robertson Heritage Railway Station) committee.
It serves the town of Robertson, New South Wales in the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia.
History.
The station was opened with the line on 20 August 1932, and has always been equipped with a crossing loop.
In the 1980s, CTC was installed and at the same time the crossing loop was lengthened from 400m to 650m.
In the 1990s the station and line was closed to passenger traffic, but freight trains still use the line and pass through the station. Occasionally, a tourist train, The Cockatoo Run travels on the line from Sydney to Moss Vale, and may stop at the station.
since then the station has held many events.
In 2007 it held its 75th Anniversary of the building of the Illawarra – Moss Vale Railway Line and Robertson Railway Station.
In 2008 the RHRS opened a model railway group which ran from 2008 till 2010 the model layout is currently being redone and is hoping to have it done for the 80th Anniversary of the building of the Illawarra – Moss Vale Railway Line and Robertson Railway Station.
future.
in 2012 the RHRS has planned:
The Annual vintage and classic car day in April
80th Anniversary of the building of the Illawarra – Moss Vale Railway Line and Robertson Railway Station on Saturday the 18 August 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19585510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585510" title="Sayre's law">
Sayre's law

Sayre's law states, in a formulation quoted by Charles Philip Issawi: "In any dispute the intensity of feeling is inversely proportional to the value of the issues at stake." By way of corollary, it adds: "That is why academic politics are so bitter." Sayre's law is named after Wallace Stanley Sayre (1905–1972), U.S. political scientist and professor at Columbia University.
History.
On 20 December 1973, the "Wall Street Journal" quoted Sayre as: "Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics, because the stakes are so low." Political scientist Herbert Kaufman, a colleague and coauthor of Sayre, has attested to Fred R. Shapiro, editor of "The Yale Book of Quotations", that Sayre usually stated his claim as "The politics of the university are so intense because the stakes are so low", and that Sayre originated the quip by the early 1950s.
Many other claimants attach to the thought behind Sayre's law. The bitterness of academic life was memorably noted by Max Weber:
According to Arthur S. Link, Woodrow Wilson frequently complained about the personalized nature of academic politics, asserting that the "intensity" of academic squabbles was a function of the "triviality" of the issue at hand. Harvard political scientist Richard Neustadt was quoted to a similar effect: "Academic politics is much more vicious than real politics. We think it's because the stakes are so small." In his 1979 book "Peter's People and Their Marvelous Ideas", Laurence J. Peter stated "Peter's Theory of Entrepreneurial Aggressiveness in Higher Education" as: "Competition in academia is so vicious because the stakes are so small." Another proverbial form is: "Academic politics are so vicious precisely because the stakes are so small." This observation is routinely attributed to former Harvard professor Henry Kissinger. Justin Kaplan, editor of "Bartlett's Familiar Quotations", asked Henry Kissinger whether he had stated, "The reason academic politics are so bitter is that so little is at stake." According to him, Kissinger, "foxy as ever, said he didn't recall saying it but that it 'sounded' like him. In other words, he didn't say it but wouldn't mind if we thought he did." In fact, in a 1997 speech at the Ashbrook Center for Public Affairs at Ashland University, Kissinger said: "I'm going to say one thing about academic politics to which Mr. W. Schramm referred. I formulated the rule that the intensity of academic politics and the bitterness of it is in inverse proportion to the importance of the subject they're discussing. And I promise you at Harvard, they are passionately intense and the subjects are extremely unimportant." Variations on the same thought have also been attributed to scientist-author C.P. Snow, professor-politician Daniel Patrick Moynihan, and politician Jesse Unruh.
Other adages by Sayre.
Observing that the mayoralty of New York is often referred to as the second biggest executive office in the country, that U.S. Representative is the highest previous political office held by any incumbent, and that no New York mayor ever went on to other high domestic public office after leaving the mayoralty, Wallace Sayre declared: "The mayors of New York come from nowhere and go nowhere." He also remarked: "Generally speaking, the benefits of administrative reorganization are immediate, but the costs are cumulative." Likewise this postulate: "Business and public administration are alike only in all unimportant respects."

</doc>
<doc id="19585535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585535" title="Kenmare House">
Kenmare House

Kenmare House is located on the east shore of Lough Leane and was the principal residence of the Brownes of Killarney, Earls of Kenmare. Sir Valentine Browne and his son, also Valentine Browne, were the first members of the family to settle in Ireland being appointed Surveyor General of Ireland in 1559. Sir Valentine Browne made an agreement with MacCarty Mor for a lease on the lands of Coshmang and Ross in 1588, the year of the Armada. Unlike most of the English settlers since the Reformation, 
the Brownes soon reverted to the old religion and the family continued to been given the royal title "Viscounts Kenmare" by King James II of England in 1689. It may be remarked here that this title is derived from Kenmare Castle, near Hospital, part of the Co. Limerick estate of the Browne family, and not, as might naturally be supposed, from the town of that name, which, though not actually on the Browne 
estate The family's first residence in Killarney was Ross Castle.
The original Kenmare House was built in 1726, after the estates were recovered by the 5th Baronet and 3rd Viscount Kenmare. It was a grandiose structure with the characteristics of a French chateau, perhaps influenced by the Brownes' time spent in France with King James II in exile at Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye. The house was part of the 137, 000 acre estate of the Brownes, who remarkably retained their lands during the Penal Laws as Catholics. 
Viscount Kenmare designed the house himself. The house was two stories high and had dormered attics and steep, slated roofs. There were thirteen bays in front of the house, with three bays on each side of the center breaking forward. A servant’s wing was added around 1775. 
It is the 4th Viscount Kenmare, Thomas Browne, who is credited with bringing tourism to Killarney. He was also the head of the Catholic Committee. In the years that followed poets such as Tennyson and Wordsworth, and, writers such as Sir Walter Scott and Jane Austen all visited Killarney.
Early writers praised the house: Smith (1756) praised the Seat and gardens as does Coquebert (1790), who mentions that the chimneys were made of marble (rose-coloured and grey and black). O'Donovan (1846) thinks it is a handsome house, beautifully shaded with trees and shrubs. 
On 26 August 1861, Valentine, Lord Castlerosse played host to Queen Victoria and Prince Albert at Killarney. The royal visit put Killarney on the map as a tourist resort and set the scene for the prosperity and popularity it enjoys today. It must also have been the Queen and Prince's last tour together, as the Prince died in December 1861 During the visit of Queen Victoria to Kenmare House, she chose the site of Killarney House, a vast Victorian-Tudor mansion, which was the successor to Kenmare House. In June 1866 King Leopold II of Belgium visited the Kenmares at Killarney.
The original house was demolished in 1872 by the fourth Earl. The succeeding house and was accidentally destroyed by fire in 1913 and never rebuilt; instead, the stable block of the original Kenmare House was converted into the present Killarney House, although the Brownes called it Kenmare House. During this time Edward VII and Queen Alexandra and, later, George V and Queen Mary paid visits to the Kenmares in the years before the First World War
Sir Edwin Lutyens (the architect for Lady Kenmare's brother, the 3rd Lord Revelstoke, at Lambay Castle on Lambay Island, County Dublin) advised Lord Kenmare to build the second Kenmare House in 1915. This house was later abandoned and sold in 1956 to John McShain when a new Kenmare House was built by the heir to the Browne estates, Mrs. Beatrice Grosvenor CBE (granddaughter of the Duke of Westminster). 
Less than twenty years later, in 1974, the new manor which was confusingly constructed on the site of the former Killarney House by Mrs. Grosvenor in 1956 was replaced. This last Kenmare House was built on the Killorglin Road, beside the Killarney golf course and the Castlerosse Hotel. 
The sale of Kenmare House in 1985 to native Kerryman Denis P. Kelleher effectively marked the end of the Kenmare family's proprietary connection with Killarney after 450 years.
A €7 million restoration was announced by Leo Varadkar one morning in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19585540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585540" title="Blue Magic (album)">
Blue Magic (album)

Blue Magic is the self-titled debut album by American soul group Blue Magic, produced by Norman Harris and released in 1974 on the Atco label.
History.
Blue Magic's debut single "Spell" was released in November 1972 and work on the album began in early 1973. Two more singles, "Look Me Up" and "Stop to Start" were released during 1973; all performed respectably on the R&B chart with "Stop to Start" also crossing over into the lower reaches of the pop chart. The album was released on January 9, 1974, followed shortly thereafter by a fourth single, "Sideshow", the lush, dreamy and loss-filled atmosphere of which immediately caught on and became a major hit, topping the R&B chart and reaching #8 on the Billboard Hot 100. Another track on the album was the lengthy "Just Don't Want to Be Lonely", which Ronnie Dyson had taken into the R&B top 30 in July 1973, then became a bigger hit for New York group The Main Ingredient, whose version reached both the R&B and pop top 10 at around the same time "Blue Magic" was released. "Blue Magic" peaked at #4 on the R&B album chart and #45 on the pop chart.
Music for the album was provided by Sigma Sound Studios' legendary house band MFSB. Bobby Eli, co-composer of "Sideshow" and "Just Don't Want to Be Lonely", who worked as a guitarist on the album, stated in the liner notes of the 2007 reissue of the album that he believed that Harris was equally at home with uptempo material as with ballads and, citing the tracks "Look Me Up" and "Welcome to the Club" as classic examples of the proto-disco sound of 1973-74, expressed his opinion that Harris' expertise in this field gave Blue Magic the ability to deliver convincing uptempo tracks in a way which largely eluded other Philadelphia soul groups with whom they are usually bracketed, notably The Stylistics and The Delfonics.
"Blue Magic" was reissued by Rhino Records in 2007, including two B-sides previously unavailable on CD and a remix of "Look Me Up"
Charts.
Album
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="19585549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585549" title="List of programs broadcast by Soapnet">
List of programs broadcast by Soapnet

This is a list of programs broadcast by Soapnet prior to its cease in production.

</doc>
<doc id="19585638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585638" title="Etyen Mahçupyan">
Etyen Mahçupyan

Etyen Mahçupyan (born 1950 in Istanbul) is a Turkish-Armenian journalist and writer. From 2007 to 2010 he was the editor-in-chief of "Agos", the Armenian community's weekly newspaper. He also contributes to the Turkish national dailies "Taraf" and "Zaman".
Mahçupyan first studied chemistry at university. Realizing that earning a living would entail working under a manager, he studied business management, and finance—to get ahead, professionally and intellectually. He learned the Armenian language in primary school. He is a graduate of American Robert College of Istanbul.
Personal life.
Mahçupyan is a Turkish citizen of Armenian descent who comes from a Catholic family. His surname derives from his great-grandfather's nickname, "Mahçup", meaning shy, embarrassed, or reticent.

</doc>
<doc id="19585643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585643" title="List of Vampire Knight chapters">
List of Vampire Knight chapters

This is a list of volumes and chapters for the manga series "Vampire Knight" by Matsuri Hino. The first chapter premiered in the January 2005 issue of "LaLa", where the series is still running. Every month on the 24th LaLa publishs another magazine with a new chapter of Vampire Knight. The individual chapters are being collected and published in "tankōbon" volumes by Hakusensha, with eleven volumes released in Japan as of December 2009. "Vampire Knight" was adapted into a twenty-six episode anime series by Studio Deen. The first season aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April 7, 2008 and June 30, 2008, and the second, titled "Vampire Knight Guilty", premiered on October 6, 2008. Two drama CDs and two Japanese light novels have also been created based on the manga series.
The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Viz Media. In addition to publishing the individual volumes, the series is being serialized in Viz's "Shojo Beat" manga anthology. The first chapter was published in the July 2006 and it is still on-going. It is licensed for English release in Singapore by Chuang Yi. and the Chuang Yi editions are being reprinted in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment.
__TOC__
Chapters not yet collected in tankōbon.
"This incomplete list is frequently updated to include new information however it is certain that chapter 93 is the last chapter of Vampire Knight"

</doc>
<doc id="19585652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585652" title="Benjaberring, Western Australia">
Benjaberring, Western Australia

Benjaberring is a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The name of the town originates from the Aboriginal name of a nearby water source.
The name of the area first appears on charts in 1846, and the town site was first declared as Benjabbering in 1910 but the spelling was changed to Benjaberring in 1911 to more accurately reflect the correct pronunciation.
In 1932 it was the location of a railway siding and was one of five bulk grain receival locations that was the beginning of the "Cooperative Bulk Handling" organisation now, the CBH Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19585656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585656" title="Old Town Historic District (Harrisonburg, Virginia)">
Old Town Historic District (Harrisonburg, Virginia)

The Old Town Historic District is an area located near downtown Harrisonburg, Virginia, that has been added to the National Register of Historic Places. It was added in March 2008. The area covers from northeast of James Madison University up to the area of Woodbine Cemetery. A map is provided below.
Plans for the area include an upscale and ethnic restaurants in restored historic structures, shops, antiques and boutiques, museums, art galleries, and a cultural arts district.

</doc>
<doc id="19585658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585658" title="Hahn polynomials">
Hahn polynomials

In mathematics, the Hahn polynomials are a family of orthogonal polynomials in the Askey scheme of hypergeometric orthogonal polynomials, introduced by Pafnuty Chebyshev in 1875 and rediscovered by Wolfgang Hahn . The Hahn class is a name for special cases of Hahn polynomials, including Hahn polynomials, Meixner polynomials, Krawtchouk polynomials, and Charlier polynomials. Sometimes the Hahn class is taken to include limiting cases of these polynomials, in which case it also includes the classical orthogonal polynomials. 
Hahn polynomials are defined in terms of generalized hypergeometric functions by 
Closely related polynomials include the dual Hahn polynomials "R""n"("x";γ,δ,"N"), the continuous Hahn polynomials "p""n"("x","a","b", , ), and the continuous dual Hahn polynomials "S""n"("x";"a","b","c"). These polynomials all have "q"-analogs with an extra parameter "q", such as the q-Hahn polynomials "Q""n"("x";α,β, "N";"q"), and so on.
Orthogonality.
where "δx,y" is the Kronecker delta function and the weight functions are
and

</doc>
<doc id="19585660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585660" title="Olive 8">
Olive 8

Hyatt at Olive 8 is a 39-storey, , mixed-use skyscraper featuring 229 residential condominium units above the Hyatt Hotel at Eighth Avenue and Olive Streets in downtown Seattle in Washington state. The hotel opened January 5, 2009 and the first homeowners were scheduled to close on their homes in what is the largest residential building in the city in late February 2009.
The tower has one of the largest green roofs in downtown Seattle, , and was developed by R.C. Hedreen and designed by Gluckman Mayner Architects, the architects for The Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and the Dia Center for the Arts in New York City.
The complex was designed in an effort to reach LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) Silver Certification with its energy-efficient glass facade, low-flow plumbing fixtures, dual-flush toilets, rooftop garden between the towers, and efficient condensing boiler. 

</doc>
<doc id="19585677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585677" title="Robert Clark (author)">
Robert Clark (author)

Robert Clark (born April 9, 1952) is a novelist and writer of nonfiction. He received the Edgar Award for his novel "Mr. White's Confession" in 1999. A native of St. Paul, Minnesota, he lives in Seattle with his wife and two children.
Clark's books touch on several genres but often return to questions centered in God: "Is there a God? Does he love us? Is he even paying attention?"

</doc>
<doc id="19585703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585703" title="Aladdin City, Florida">
Aladdin City, Florida

Aladdin City is an unincorporated community in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It is located about southwest of Miami within the unincorporated community of Redland. It is notable as the site of a planned community—similar to Opa-locka, Coral Gables, and Miami Springs, Florida—whose development was snuffed out by the abrupt end of the Florida land boom of the 1920s.
History.
Development.
In late 1925, The Aladdin Company of Bay City, Michigan, a pioneer in the manufacture of mail-order "kit" homes, purchased a large parcel of land in the Redland area. Otto and William Sovereign, the founders of the company, began to build a Moorish-themed city made up primarily of buildings featured in their 1920 industrial catalog. It was planned to have a population of 10,000.
After forming the Aladdin City Sales Co. in December 1925, the Sovereign brothers promoted the building of a "dawn-to-dusk" house on opening day on January 14, 1926, flying in all of the materials on six chartered aircraft from Fort Lauderdale on that single day. The "Homestead Leader" reported that hundreds of spectators gathered to watch the aircraft shuttle in the materials and to watch the crew of 21 carpenters, plasters, electricians, plumbers, and cement workers put up the house. Construction of the house commenced at 7:00 a.m., and was finished at dark, complete with electricity, plumbing, sidewalks, and landscaping. A few days later, an advertisement in the Miami News boasted that 874 homesites had been sold on opening day. 
Already operating five house manufacturing plants in the United States and Canada, the Aladdin Company announced plans to open a sixth plant in Aladdin City to provide an instant industrial base. The Sovereigns also sought to attract other manufacturing plants to the city. In addition, the Seaboard Air Line Railway, which was constructing its new extension from central Florida to Homestead, planned to maintain a train station in the new city.
Despite sales moving forward, the development encountered logistical problems brought on by the railroad companies' October 1925 embargo on Florida of all but foodstuffs and other essentials, followed by the January 1926 sinking of the Prinz Valdemar in Miami Harbor, which blocked access to the sea. Although these events turned out in retrospect to be the first sign of the end of the land boom, the Sovereign brothers remained optimistic. In a full-page February 1926 advertisement in the Homestead Leader, the Aladdin Company announced: "Long-delayed arrival of machinery and equipment for development has interfered with our progress schedule, but, with shipping conditions improving, our engineers will show immediate and resultful activity."
On February 22, 1926, the development was incorporated as the ninth community in the Redland district by the directors of the Redland District Chamber of Commerce, which sought to take advantage of the thousands of dollars Aladdin was spending to promote the community. On Sunday, March 14, 1926, in a ceremony led by the Sovereign brothers and other officials of the Aladdin City Sales Co., the cornerstone of a one-story bank building "of Persian design" was laid at the corner of Ali Baba Circle and West Cairo Street. Negotiations were purported to be under way at that point to start banking operations upon completion of the building. Following the ceremony, the Pioneer Society—which was composed of Aladdin City investors—held a meeting and elected officers.
Subsequent advertisements in March and April 1926 continued to promise improved homesites, business sites, and apartment sites for 25% down, and invited prospective purchasers to visit and see "the beautiful Spanish bungalows already built and under construction" as well as "the road crushers building wonderful 100-foot boulevards; the swift completion of your bathing pool and sunken gardens; beautiful, distinctive Spanish boulevards; business blocks being built; industrial projects taking form—in short, the building of a city complete in itself."
Demise.
Although the railroad companies lifted their embargo in May 1926, the land boom had nevertheless begun to peter out, and the September 1926 Miami Hurricane caused an emphatic collapse in real estate prices. While a number of homes, a town hall, and the promised Seaboard extension and Aladdin City train station were built, the development became dormant. Some promotional activity continued; the Aladdin City Handicap was run at Hialeah Park through 1931. In December 1930, at the onset of the Great Depression, the Sovereign brothers conducted a raffle of two homes and ten lots in a nationwide competition among purchasers of Aladdin kit homes. The winners of the two homes, both of whom were from the northeastern U.S., also received round-trip tickets to Aladdin City. The Sovereign brothers planned a similar raffle for the end of 1931. However, in March 1934, the Sovereigns returned the lots to acreage in a revised plat, and continued to liquidate their already deeply discounted land holdings. The Aladdin City Sales Co. was finally dissolved by proclamation in November 1936.
A couple of the Aladdin homes survived over the years, but without the community and the commercial buildings, which remained on the drawing board. The last of these homes reportedly suffered severe damage in Hurricane Andrew in 1992. The wooden train station—unique among Seaboard stations in South Florida, which were routinely constructed out of stucco or concrete—was reported to be still standing as of 1985, but was apparently torn down after suffering damage in Hurricane Andrew.
Geography.
Aladdin City is located at , with an elevation .
Original layout.
The original community was centered around a large oval—known as Ali Baba Circle—oriented on a north-south axis. The interior of the oval was planned as Ali Baba Park, with a large bathing pool in the middle. The top half of an even larger oval, Ali Cogia Circle, surrounded Ali Baba Circle. Both circles were planned as the site of the city's commercial district. The southern tip of Ali Baba Circle led onto Hainlin Mill Drive, while Farm Life School Road (SW 162nd Avenue) extended from the northern tip and also continued south from the intersection of Ali Baba Circle and Hainlin Mill Drive.
Two hundred-foot wide boulevards, Sovereign Boulevard (the only street without a Moorish name) and Aladdin Boulevard, radiated from the northeastern and northwestern curves of Ali Baba Circle. Damascus Street and Cairo Street extended from the east and west sides of the circle, with Cairo Street bisecting Ali Baba Circle south of the bathing pool site. Hassan Street extended west from the intersection of Aladdin Boulevard and Ali Cogia Circle West and east from the intersection of Sovereign Boulevard and Ali Cogia Circle East. Running in a north-south direction west of Ali Cogia Circle was Mustapha Avenue, which ended at Aladdin Boulevard. North of Ali Cogia Circle ran Bagdad, Sinbad, Cathay, and Sahib Streets in an east-west direction. Running parallel to Farm Life School Road at the other end of these streets was Mecca Avenue.
Present day.
Only the northwestern curve of Ali Baba Circle remains today—together with Aladdin Boulevard radiating to the northwest—as do two portions of the western arc of Ali Cogia Circle. Portions of the western halves of Damascus and Cairo Streets (now known, respectively, as SW 214th and 215th Streets) also remain. Mustapha Avenue now exists as SW 164th Avenue. North of Ali Cogia Circle, Bagdad Street remains as originally named, while the names of Sinbad, Cathay, and Sahib Streets have been changed to, respectively, SW 210th, 209th, and 208th Terraces, and are generally used as private drives today. Mecca Avenue was renamed SW 163rd Avenue. That half of the planned city east of Ali Baba Circle has long since reverted to agricultural use, and there are no traces of its original street layout.

</doc>
<doc id="19585714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585714" title="Instrumental conception of technology">
Instrumental conception of technology

The instrumental conception of technology is Mary Tiles' and Hans Oberdiek's description of the theory that technological artefacts are value neutral. They attribute this belief to optimists, for whom technical instruments belong to the “the factual realm” and only acquire a positive or negative value through their development and use by humans “for good or evil”.
This belief was encapsulated in David Sarnoff's statement made in an acceptance speech for his honorary degree from the University of Notre Dame:
According to Lelia Green, the notion technology is neutral assumes technological advances occur “in a vacuum”, the result of individual bursts of inspiration, or ‘Eureka’ moments, as the popular mythology of technology suggests.
It also assumes technological development is inevitable, she adds, and for a technology to be neutral, it must be on a fixed “trajectory” following an “internal logic”.
Example: personal computing.
Manuel Castells’ account of the development of the personal computer adheres to the instrumental conception of technology. He claims technology develops independent of other social forces, since “economic, industrial and technological paths, while related, are slow-moving and imperfectly fitting in their interaction”. He argues Ted Hoff’s microprocessor invented in 1971 came out of “knowledge and ingenuity” developed at Intel and in Silicon Valley since the 1950s. This made possible the microcomputer, which was able to function in networks as a result of advances in telecommunications. Thus, he states, computer technology “did not come out of any pre-established necessity: it was technologically induced rather than socially determined".
Criticism.
The instrumental conception of technology has been criticised from both technological and social determinist perspectives.
Technological Determinist critique.
Marshall McLuhan contends Sarnoff’s statement “ignores the nature of the medium”. For McLuhan, “the medium is the message”. Media technologies are not simply “passive tools”, but rather play an active role in shaping the nature of human association.
David Croteau and William Hoynes agree the technical properties of media have a significant impact on communication both through “providing parameters within which human agents must operate” and through enabling certain types of action.
Example: the Internet.
Croteau and Hoynes describe the Internet as an example of the potential social implications of technology, claiming it is “fundamentally changing the way we live”. They observe that it has facilitated “new forms of social interaction” and new ways of relating to, or even manipulating, the limitations of time and space”. For example, the formation of online forums based on common interests reinvents traditional communities limited by locality and time zones and based on direct interaction. They also cite Shapiro’s claim that there has been a “potentially radical shift in who is in control – of information, experience and resources” This is demonstrated by the proliferation of user-produced media through blogs and websites such as YouTube.
Social Determinist critique.
The theory of the social determination of technology holds that technologies are shaped more by “the social or economic system in which it is embedded” than by its inherent properties. A social determinist would argue technologies are never neutral since they are inevitably influenced by social factors through their development and adoption by humans.
As Green states, “to argue that any technology is neutral is to ignore the social and cultural circumstances in which that technology was developed, and the policy and regulatory regimes under which that technology is deployed”.
Social determinist arguments against the instrumental conception of technology include:
Example: personal computing.
Paul Ceruzzi provides an alternative explanation to Castells’ for the development of the personal computer. He argues the invention of computer technology for the general public was not inevitable. In fact, he suggests that the companies that produced early calculators were unprepared for their success, and Intel did not foresee the use of the 8080 microprocessor for personal computing.
Ceruzzi credits the hacker culture at MIT and Stanford, particularly MIT’s Tech Model Railroad Club, with the existence of democratising personal computer technology today. Such people “saw a variant of a time-shared PDP-10 as a way to transform computing and make it accessible to ordinary people, for Utopian uses”. Since the development of the time-sharing capabilities required late-night work when time-shared systems were lightly loaded, he explains, it was enthusiasts rather than employees who began the process of making computers usable for the public.
Ceruzzi also explains the adoption of the technology as contingent on social factors. Among these are market forces, such as the demand for the programmable calculator in the 1970s, which first offered a consumer market for logic chips and amortized the costs of establishing production lines for complex integrated circuits. He also discusses forms of social organization, including users’ groups, clubs, newsletters, and publications such as "Popular Electronics" that provided skills and frameworks for the broader use of the new technologies. He claims this “supporting infrastructure was crucial to the success of personal computing”.
In this view, the seemingly inherent properties of personal computers and their networks, for instance, that they “pull towards diversity and participation”, are socially determined properties.

</doc>
<doc id="19585722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585722" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 6">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 6

The 6th District is an electoral district for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and is currently represented by Republican Brad Roae. The district is located in Crawford County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19585744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585744" title="Colorado Amendment 50">
Colorado Amendment 50

Colorado Amendment 50 was a citizen’s initiative that amended the Colorado state constitution to:
As of August 2008, Ameristar Casino in Black Hawk had given $2 million to Coloradans for Community Colleges, part of the $7 million in contributions that had been made by supporters of the amendment. Much of the contributions were expected to pay for advertising aimed at potential voters.
The amendment passed with 58.6% of the vote.
Gaming limits.
Since 1991 Colorado has permitted limited stakes gaming in Central City and Black Hawk in Gilpin County, and Cripple Creek in Teller County. The state constitution currently places the following limits on gaming:
Amendment 50 allows Central City, Black Hawk, and Cripple Creek to vote to change the existing gaming limits. Each town may vote to extend the hours of operation of casinos, to add the games of roulette and/or craps, and to increase the amount that can be wagered on any single bet from $5 up to a maximum of $100. The towns may vote on changing any of all of these limits.
Distribution of revenue.
Casinos pay taxes on income from gaming and also pay various fees and fines. Last year, the state collected $112 million from gaming, an effective tax rate of 14 percent. After paying to enforce gaming laws, approximately one-quarter of the gaming money goes back to the gaming cities and counties, about one-quarter goes to historic preservation and restoration projects across the state, and half of the revenue is allocated to the state legislature to spend on programs. These programs currently include assistance to local governments for gaming impacts, tourism promotion, economic development programs, energy efficiency, and renewable energy projects, and highway projects. 
Amendment 50 distributes new money from increased gaming activity differently from existing law. First, the casinos keep 86 percent. The 14 percent in tax revenue is then used to pay to enforce gaming laws related to any changes in the limits. Second, some of the new money provides annual increases to the programs and local governments that currently get gaming money. The rest is distributed as follows:
Editorial opinions.
An editorial in the September 29, 2008 edition of "The Denver Post" advocated voting against the proposed amendment, noting that it would "help an exceptional cause — Colorado's under-funded community colleges — but it would do so at a cruel and unfortunate cost." The paper noted that it had endorsed the expansion of gambling into these mountain communities in the early 1990s, only to have "seen the character of the once-charming towns destroyed".
An editorial in the Oct. 5, 2008 edition of the "The Aurora Sentinel" endorsed the measure, pointing out the gambling industry had grown up in Colorado and state residents deserved to reap the benefits of that. "Even if the benefits of this measure didn't hit so close to home in Aurora, the initiative is a good idea to preserve the economic health of this important tourism industry." The paper noted that the city's own community college badly needs the revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19585764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585764" title="Giordano's Pizzeria">
Giordano's Pizzeria

Giordano's is a pizzeria that specializes in Chicago-style stuffed pizza and is credited as a creator of the stuffed pizza.
History.
Brothers Efren and Joseph Boglio immigrated to the United States from Argentina and in 1974 they founded Giordano's. Efren Boglio told Chicago Magazine that he and his brother were born in a small town near Turin, Italy, where their mother had been known for the quality of her recipes. He added that his family was most fond of her Easter pizza pies. Upon arriving in America, Efren began working at a pizzeria in Chicago, but was not satisfied with the pizzas he tasted and decided to open his own restaurant called Roma. When his brother Joseph came to Chicago, Efren claims they decided to open a restaurant using their mother's recipe and after experimenting over several months developed the stuffed pizza.
Several commentators have questioned the restaurant's claim about the creation of the stuffed pizza, noting similarities with the origin story of Nancy's Pizza, which had introduced its own stuffed pizza in the same year. Both chains claim to have based the pizza off a family recipe for "scarciedda", an Easter dish common to Turin, Italy. Due to the similarities commentators have suggested there is a connection between the founders of the two pizza chains.
John Apostolou, together with his wife Eva, acquired Giordano's in 1988 and in 1993 he told Crain's Chicago Business about an ambitious plan to expand the chain by opening over 100 new locations in the United States, Europe, and the Middle East. However, this desired expansion never materialized. Under Apostolou's stewardship, Giordano's opened a restaurant in Milwaukee in 1995 and planned for five more, but the Milwaukee location closed in 2002. The first major expansion outside Illinois began in 2005 when Giordano's opened locations in Florida.
Bankruptcy.
Due to weak economic conditions, the Apostolou family faced difficulty in leasing and selling their commercial real estate properties. Their firm, Randolph Partners LLC, eventually defaulted on its real estate loans on January 1, 2011, and filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on February 8, 2011. Due to sharing the same primary lender, Giordano's was included in the proceedings along with over 30 affiliate companies. Overall, the companies listed nearly $50 million in combined liabilities to Fifth Third Bank and $2 million to two additional banks and were able to obtain emergency financing in order to stay in operation. While Giordano's entered bankruptcy at a time when many other restaurant chains and pizzerias were being forced to re-organize due to faltering sales, the company's bankruptcy attorney, Michael Gesas, assuaged concerns about the chain's viability and stated that real estate was the reason for the bankruptcy.
The firm was auctioned off in November that year for $61.6 million to a group including private equity firms Victory Park, Origin Capital, and Atria Group, and George and Bill Apostolou (the sons of John and Eva Apostolou, who owned Giordano's prior to bankruptcy.)
Locations.
Prior to filing for bankruptcy, Giordano's had 13 restaurants in Chicago and another 30 locations in the Chicago metropolitan area. The firm opened its first locations outside of Illinois in northern and central Florida in 2005. Early Florida locations were opened in Lake Buena Vista and Kissimmee. By October 2007, Giordano's had opened stores in Port Richey, Brandon, and Tampa.
Competition.
Giordano's is one of the most famous of Chicago's pizzerias, and its major competitors in the Chicago-style deep dish field are Pizzeria Uno, Nancy's, Gino's East, Pizano's, and Lou Malnati's while its thin crust pizza competes primarily with Home Run Inn, Connie's, Aurelio's and Rosati's. Along with Uno's and Gino's, Giordano's has been described as one of Chicago's "main pizza triumvirate".
Menu.
The stuffed pizza at Giordano's has a top and bottom crust with cheese stuffed in between and the option of additional toppings in the middle such as pepperoni, Italian sausage, and spinach, while sauce and parmesan are added on top of the crust. Giordano's pizza crust is made from dough high in gluten, which takes several days to prepare. The crust has been described as being soft and flaky, while not having much flavor, with the shape being in the traditional Chicago-style. It can be ordered in several sizes, including individual sizes, though it is considered to be sufficiently filling that even smaller sizes of the pizza can be enough for more than one person.
Giordano's stuffed pizza has received wide acclaim from critics, being named "Best Pizza in the City" by "Chicago Magazine" and "Best Pizza in America" by NBC's "The Today Show". On Serious Eats, Daniel Zemans, praised the sauce used in the stuffed pizza for having a strong tomato and herb flavor, while noting the crust as a less enthusing yet suitable element of the pizza. Denise Du Vernay, in a review of several Chicago-area pizzerias for Patch.com, described the stuffed pizza at Giordano's as "perfect" and superior to the stuffed pizza offered at Aurelio's Pizza. In an article for the Christian Science Monitor, Giordano's was listed at fourth in a ranking of pizzerias in the Chicago area, with the article praising its stuffed pizza. "The Rough Guide to Chicago" said in 2003, "Although most pizza parlors offer deep-dish, the following places have perfected it: "Pizzeria Uno", "Lou Malnati's" ..., and "Giordano's."" One criticism raised about the pizza is the time it takes for the pizza to cook, with a stuffed pizza having an average preparation time of up to 45 minutes. Diners can shorten this waiting period by ordering ahead or taking a half-baked pizza so they can finish baking it in their home oven.
In addition to its stuffed pizza, Giordano's offers traditional thin crust pizzas, which take half as much time to cook and use the same toppings. Their thin crust offering was reviewed in Serious Eats, with the reviewer approving of the cheese and other toppings on the thin crust pizzas, but criticizing the crust for being dry and thick. The reviewer also expressed dissatisfaction with the limited amount of sauce on the pizza.
Aside from pizza, entrées at Giordano's include many traditional Italian dishes such as a variety of pastas, including spaghetti with meat or marinara sauce and fettuccine Alfredo. Other entrées offered at Giordano's are items such as chicken or eggplant parmesan, and a selection of sandwiches that include an Italian beef sandwich. The menu also offers salads such as an avocado salad and antipasto salad. Appetizers include many common dishes such as fried calamari, mozzarella sticks, and chicken wings, with a review by the Tampa Bay Times also favorably noting its zucchini fritters. Giordano's offers several items for dessert including tiramisu, cannolis, and cheesecake. Beverages at Giordano's include soda, which can be ordered in a can, and alcoholic beverages.
Giordano's delivers orders to homes that are within ten minutes of its locations. Another service offered by Giordano's is delivery by mail where customers can order stuffed pizzas that are then frozen and packed with dry ice to be mailed to the customer's home.

</doc>
<doc id="19585774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585774" title="Yesun Temur (Chagatai Khanate)">
Yesun Temur (Chagatai Khanate)

Yesun Temur (Есөнтөмөр) was a pagan khan (r.1338-1342) of Chagatai Khanate. He was a younger brother of Changshi Khan. His name literally means "Nine Iron" in the Mongolian language.
He poisoned or murdered his brother in order to enthrone himself. But he regretted his action and blamed his mother for Changshi's death. And he also became heavy drunk and stressed. He was overthrown by 'Ali-Sultan of the House of Ogedei in 1342.

</doc>
<doc id="19585789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585789" title="Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning">
Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning

"Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning" is a song written by Irving Berlin in 1918 that gives a comic perspective on military life. Berlin composed the song as an expression of protest against the indignities of Army routine shortly after being drafted into the United States Army in 1918. The song soon made the rounds of camp and became popular with other soldiers, partly because hatred of reveille was universal.
The commanding officer of Camp Upton in eastern Long Island took an interest in Berlin's talents and assigned him to write and produce a fundraising benefit to raise funds for a new visitors' center at the base; the show was entitled "Yip, Yip, Yaphank" after the Camp Upton locale in Yaphank, New York.
Although Berlin initially wrote "Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning" without commercial intent, it eventually appeared in three different Broadway shows, including "Ziegfeld Follies of 1918", and the film "This Is the Army". More than any other Irving Berlin song, it became the one most associated with Berlin as a performer.
Background.
Irving Berlin was born in the Russian Empire in 1888, either in Tolochin or Tyumen, and had moved with his family to New York City in 1893. He acquired United States citizenship in early 1918 with the expectation that his medical history would exempt him from his final year of draft eligibility. So it came as an unpleasant surprise that within months Berlin was drafted and serving as a private at Camp Upton at a salary of $30 a month, far below his usual earnings. Although as a civilian he employed a private valet, as an Army private he was compelled to perform unskilled labor in support of camp operations. "There were a lot of things about army life I didn't like", said Berlin, "and the thing I didn't like most of all was reveille."
During World War I, Berlin was drafted into the United States Army's 152nd Depot Brigade shortly after he became a naturalized United States citizen in 1918. By the time he entered the service the war was in its final months and prospects for victory were steadily improving. He was assigned to a camp on eastern Long Island that was mainly an interim station for infantry troops headed overseas.
According to the New York Times,
Composition.
The incident that inspired Berlin to write "Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning" was an occasion when a colonel wanted a group of buglers to play George M. Cohan's "Over There". The buglers were unable to comply because it exceeded the range of their instruments, so the oblivious officer ordered them to practice Cohan's song. He wrote it as "a thin little sergeant."
Berlin's civilian work schedule had been that of a hardworking night owl, generally writing material until two or three in the morning. His efforts to adjust to military life and become a good soldier included springing out of bed obediently each morning, which earned him the resentment of fellow soldiers because he concealed his hatred of reveille too well and appeared eager to wake up in the mornings.
So during an era when popular songs about war praised its heroism, Berlin instead gave voice to the subversive impulses shared by ordinary soldiers. The lyrics begin with a mundane recounting of a newly recruited soldier's camp life and progress to hyperbole as he describes a series of increasingly absurd plans to escape from morning reveille.
Berlin would later describe the song as "a protest written from the heart out, absolutely without the slightest thought that it would ever earn a cent". He wrote the song before any plans for a larger production were underway and it soon gained popularity around the camp.
Production.
The camp's commanding officer Major General J. Franklin Bell called Berlin into his office and asked the showman to raise funds for a new community house to lodge families of service members who visited the camp. The projected expense of the project was $35,000. At first, Berlin called in favors from civilian colleagues to visit and put on local performances to boost morale, but news of a Navy fundraising show on Broadway called "Boom Boom" inspired Berlin to request permission to write and stage a full Broadway production of their own.
The songwriter not only obtained permission for the show, but also received General Bell's personal permission to return to Berlin's normal creative working schedule and a special exemption from reveille. Civilian musician Harry Ruby joined Berlin in camp to transcribe and arrange the music and collaborate on the show.
Parodies.
Berlin's song "inspired a dozen parodies." An uncredited parody was recounted in the "New York Times":
Performances.
The song was performed in soldier revues including 1918's "Yip Yip Yaphank", and "Ziegfeld Follies of 1918", as well as in 113 Broadway performances of "This Is the Army" in 1942. Jack Haley sang "Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning" in the 1938 movie "Alexander's Ragtime Band" and in 1938 Alice Faye and Ethel Merman also sang the song at the Roxy Theatre in New York City. It was sung at a 1941 war rally against the America First Committee by New York City Mayor Fiorello La Guardia in Philadelphia.
"Yip Yip Yaphank".
The song appeared in two shows of 1918: "Yip Yip Yaphank" and "Ziegfeld Follies of 1918". "Yip Yip Yaphank" opened on August 19 and Berlin made his entrance late in the show, being dragged from a pup tent by two other soldiers as he pretended to be asleep on his feet to sing "Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning". The song was a centerpiece of the show; both it and Berlin's performance received favorable reviews. According to reviewers, Berlin's voice was thin but his timing was perfect and he presented a hilarious stage persona. 24 years later, the New York Times declared "Yip" "an immediate hit."
The show was extended twice and exceeded its fundraising goal of $35,000. Estimates of the proceeds range from $83,000 to over $158,000, but the planned visitor center was never built because the war ended shortly afterward and Berlin was never informed what happened to the money. Berlin received no financial benefit beyond his ordinary sergeant's pay, but he was well compensated in publicity. He was recognized as a Broadway star wherever he went after he returned to civilian life. Along with the acclaim, however, he also "received a death threat and a kidnapping threat", which he took seriously enough to purchase a bulletproof limousine and hire a bodyguard/chauffeur.
"This Is the Army".
Berlin also performed "Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning" in the 1942 stage play "This Is the Army", which ran for 113 performances on Broadway and was adapted as a Warner Brothers musical the following year. It was declared the "modern version of "Yip, Yip, Yaphang,"" and contained "all-new music" except for two or three songs. Twenty-five years after the original show, he was still dark haired and wiry, but his face was strained. More importantly, his voice—which had never been strong—was weakened from months of recent stage touring. The number was filmed in late afternoon when he expected his voice to be at its best, but an internal studio memo still reported, "Irving Berlin is no singer." Berlin wrote about the filming in an April 10, 1943 letter:
Today they finished shooting my portion of the picture and I am certainly glad it's over with. All I do is sing "Hate to Get Up in the Morning" as I did in the show, but the camera is a severe judge and I am afraid even with the great amount of care and fuss they can't improve what the Fates decreed to be a homely face. As for my voice, I made a recording. When the record was first played on the set, one of the electricians, who didn't know whose voice it was, said, "If the guy who wrote that song could hear the record, he would turn over in his grave"--which gives you a fair idea. However I am hoping it won't be too bad.
In May 1988 The "Tonight Show" Band honored Irving Berlin's one hundredth birthday by playing "Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning" as part of a medley in tribute to the songwriter at the close of a show.

</doc>
<doc id="19585868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585868" title="Brooklyn Weaver">
Brooklyn Weaver

Brooklyn Weaver is a literary manager and film and television producer. He owns Energy Entertainment, a management-production company based in Beverly Hills, California.
Background.
Weaver was born in Greenwich, CT and attended UCLA, majoring in English Literature. Prior to launching Energy in 2001, Weaver worked at Endeavor (now WME) in the feature literary dept.
Career.
Weaver is currently in production on CBS sci-fi drama television project "Extant" created by client Mickey Fisher, starring Halle Berry and is being produced by Amblin/Steven Spielberg and Weaver - project sold in a multi-network bidding war in 2013, resulting in a straight-to-series 13-episode order for summer 2014.
Weaver is in post-production on crime action-thriller film project "Run All Night" with Roy Lee and Warner Bros, written by client Brad Ingelsby – starring Liam Neeson, Joel Kinnaman, Ed Harris and directed by Jaume Collet-Serra, and will be released in 2014.
In 2013, Weaver exec-produced revenge/drama film "Out of the Furnace", starring Christian Bale and directed by Scott Cooper ("Crazy Heart)" - Relativity Media financed, with Leonardo DiCaprio and Ridley Scott producing.

</doc>
<doc id="19585876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585876" title="Fifteen Twenty-One Second Avenue">
Fifteen Twenty-One Second Avenue

Fifteen Twenty-One Second Avenue is a skyscraper in Seattle, Washington. Designed by Weber + Thompson, it is a residential building with 38 stories, and 143 individual homes. The building is located near the historic Pike Place Market. Construction was completed in late 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19585921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585921" title="Techmeme">
Techmeme

Techmeme is a technology news aggregator. The website has been described as "a one-page, aggregated, filtered, archiveable summary in near real-time of what is new and generating conversation".
Overview.
Gabe Rivera was a compiler software engineer at Intel before launching tech.memeorandum on September 12, 2005. After working on tech.memeorandum for a year, it was renamed to Techmeme. The website is funded entirely by Rivera, and has no investors.
Website.
Techmeme uses an algorithm to order stories by importance, which depends on several factors that include the number of links to the story's web page and how old the story is. "Anti-gaming" efforts have been made to lower the effect that a high number of links can have on a story if the links were created in a short period of time, or by a small number of people. The website has a Techmeme Sponsors Program which accepts payment in exchange for a dedicated section for sponsors. A search engine was added to the website on May 20, 2008, which searches all archived stories that have appeared on the website as a full headline. Two weeks later, a "prospective search feature" was added to Techmeme, which allows users to subscribe to future search results and receive notifications when a headline matches their search pattern.
Technology.
Techmeme works by scraping news websites and blogs, and then compiles a list of links to the most popular technology-related news of the day, which is continuously updated. The stories selected are chosen primarily by an automated process. The service is fed a list of websites, and then it finds other websites that are similar to these to find similar news stories and to keep the focus on technology news. Once the website finds sources that provide a good source of technology news, they are added to Techmeme's database so that it can track them for future updates. In December 2008, the original automated process was supplemented by two human editors -- Megan McCarthy and Omer Horvitz -- who manage the mix of headlines. Three additional editors were added in November 2009, Rich DeMuro, Lidija Davis and Mahendra Palsule. Rivera has suggested that website owners get linked to by other web pages when possible because it increases the chances that Techmeme will find their website.

</doc>
<doc id="19585939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585939" title="Big Caroline Rock">
Big Caroline Rock

Big Caroline Rock is an island with an area of 2.19 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Swainson Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Short-tailed Shearwater (15,000 pairs), Fairy Prion (1-2000 pairs) and Silver Gull. The Tasmanian Tree Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19585960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585960" title="Charlier polynomials">
Charlier polynomials

In mathematics, Charlier polynomials (also called Poisson–Charlier polynomials) are a family of orthogonal polynomials introduced by Carl Charlier.
They are given in terms of the generalized hypergeometric function by
where formula_2 are Laguerre polynomials. They satisfy the orthogonality relation

</doc>
<doc id="19585987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585987" title="HSC Medical Center">
HSC Medical Center

HSC Medical Center (HSC) is a private hospital in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, the capital of Malaysia. It offers comprehensive health screening packages, outpatient balloon angioplasty and stent implantation for patients throughout the world.
History.
HSC Medical Center was established in 2002 and is a private full-licensed hospital in Kuala Lumpur. The Center focuses on the early detection of most life-threatening diseases and advanced treatment on heart diseases. The Center is fully computerized and paperless, providing ambulatory medical services to the regional countries such as Singapore, Indonesia, and Hong Kong. HSC Medical Center also involves in treating selected heart disease using stem cells.
Facilities.
The medical center is equipped with the ultrafast Multi-Slice CT for the early detection of heart disease, stroke and cancer.
In House Product.
HSC medical healthcare also had develop some good quality product for the sake of their patient and they also make it public available for the convenient of their patients.
Product: HSC Omega Fish Oil 

</doc>
<doc id="19585999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19585999" title="Giovanni Arcangeli">
Giovanni Arcangeli

Giovanni Arcangeli (18 July 1840 – 16 July 1921) was an Italian botanist from Florence.
In 1862 he earned his degree in natural sciences from the University of Pisa, where he later became an instructor and professor. In 1880 he was a professor of botany at the University of Turin, and in 1882 was appointed director of the Botanical Garden of Pisa.
In 1882 Arcangeli published his best-known work, a highly regarded compendium of Italian flora titled "Compendio della flora italiana". The plant genus "Arcangelisia" from the family Menispermaceae is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19586002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586002" title="Capture of Biên Hòa">
Capture of Biên Hòa

The Capture of Bien Hoa (Vietnamese: Biên Hòa) on 16 December 1861 was an important allied victory in the Cochinchina campaign (1858–62). This campaign, fought between the French and the Spanish on the one side and the Vietnamese on the other, began as a limited punitive expedition and ended as a French war of conquest. The war concluded with the establishment of the French colony of Cochinchina, a development that inaugurated nearly a century of French colonial dominance in Vietnam.
Background.
After early French victories at Tourane and Saigon, the Cochinchina campaign reached a point of equilibrium with the French and their Spanish allies besieged in Saigon, which had been captured by a Franco-Spanish expedition under the command of Admiral Charles Rigault de Genouilly on 17 February 1859. The arrival of massive reinforcements from the French expeditionary corps in China in 1860 allowed the French to regain the initiative. On 24 and 25 February 1861 Admiral Léonard Charner relieved the Siege of Saigon by defeating the besieging Vietnamese army in the battle of Ky Hoa. He followed up this victory with the Capture of My Tho (12 April 1861). 
Charner had been sent out to the Far East for the war with China, and had not expected to be required to fight a campaign in Cochinchina as well. Believing that he had broken Vietnamese resistance with his victories at Ky Hoa and My Tho, he asked to return to France in the summer of 1861. Rear Admiral Louis Adolphe Bonard (1805–67), appointed as his successor by an imperial decree of 8 August 1861, arrived in Saigon on 27 November and assumed his duties on 30 November.
Bonard's arrival coincided with an upsurge in Vietnamese guerilla activity against the French fomented by the government at Hue, which placed a bounty on the heads of both Frenchmen and Vietnamese in their service. Bands of insurgents attacked Tay Ninh and Tran Bang, and in one particularly galling incident the French lost one of their small warships. A band of Vietnamese mounted a hit-and-run attack on the French lorcha "Espérance" during the absence of her captain, "enseigne de vaisseau" Parfait, and lured the French vessel into an ambush. Her crew of 17 Frenchmen and Filipinos were overpowered and killed, and the insurgents burned the vessel. Bonard decided that an exemplary reprisal was required. A fortnight after his arrival in Saigon, after receiving an unsatisfactory response to an ultimatum he had sent to the Vietnamese governor Nguyen Ba Nghi, he mounted a major campaign to occupy the province of Bien Hoa.
The capture.
The following account of the capture of Bien Hoa was given by the French historian A. Thomazi:
"The Annamese had established defence works on all the routes leading to Bien Hoa. They had built an entrenched camp held by 3,000 men at My Hoa, midway between Bien Hoa and Saigon, and obstructed the course of the Donnai with nine solid barrages and a stockade. The admiral decided to attack simultaneously by land and water. He ordered the detached posts to remain on the defensive and to concentrate all disposable forces before Saigon. All being ready, and an ultimatum issued on 13 December going unanswered, the columns set off at daybreak on 14 December. The first column, commanded by "chef de bataillon" Comte and consisting of two companies of "chasseurs à pied", 100 Spaniards and 50 horsemen with four mortars, made for Go Cong, which it captured at 7.30 a.m. A second column, consisting of 100 Spaniards and a battalion of marine infantry with two cannon, under the orders of Lieutenant-Colonel Domenech Diego, placed itself before the camp of My Hao. At the same time "capitaine de vaisseau" Lebris, with two companies of sailors, advanced on the Donnai, taking in reverse the batteries on the right bank. Finally a flotilla of armed launches, having followed the creeks as far as Rach Go Cong, cannonnaded the works which were also bombarding the gunboats anchored in the Donnai under the orders of "lieutenant de vaisseau" Harel of "Avalanche". The forts replied energetically, and the gunboat "Alarme" was hit by 54 balls and had her main mast nearly destroyed. But once the defenders saw themselves threatened by a land attack, they hastily evacuated the forts, one of which blew up and the others were occupied. The sailors toiled throughout the night to demolish the barrages, while the naval hydrographer Manen sounded the passes. The first obstacles having been destroyed, the two infantry columns joined hands in front of the camp of My Hoa on 15 December. The marine infantry attacked the enemy’s centre, while the chasseurs menaced his right and the Spaniards his left, and the cavalry made a turning movement to cut off his retreat. The Annamese panicked and took to flight. Admiral Bonard, aboard the dispatch vessel "Ondine", ascended the river and exchanged cannon shots with the citadel. On 16 December the troops crossed the Donnai and occupied Bien Hoa, which the Annamese soldiers had evacuated, but not before burning alive numerous Christian prisoners. We took there 48 cannons and 15 armed junks. The operation cost us only 2 men dead and several wounded."

</doc>
<doc id="19586065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586065" title="James Kisner">
James Kisner

James M. Kisner, Jr. (March 26, 1947 – June 26, 2008) was an American novelist and short story writer, primarily of horror.
Biography.
Early life and education.
James M. Kisner, Jr. was born on March 26, 1947, in Evansville, Indiana to Norma and James M. Kisner. He had one brother, Dan, and graduated from Bosse High School in 1965. He earned a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Arts degree in English at Indiana University.
Career.
Kisner began his career in advertising and wrote part-time, eventually leaving advertising to write full-time. His first novel, "Nero's Vice", was published in 1981. He also published under the pseudonyms Martin James and Eric Flanders.
Marriage and children.
Kisner married the former Carole Kleckner in 1969. The couple had fraternal twins, James M. Kisner, III and Jayne M. Kendall. Later in life, he married his second wife, Phyllis Kisner.
Death and afterward.
James Kisner died at his home in Evansville due to accidental carbon monoxide poisoning. His wife, Phyllis Kisner, age 59, also died in the accident.
Published works.
Short stories.
Anthologies containing short stories by James Kisner:
"Masques 3" (1989)
"Urban Horrors" (1990)
"Short Sharp Shocks" (1990)
"Hotter Blood: More Tales of Erotic Horror" (1991)
"Predators" (1993)
"Vampire Detectives" (1995)
"Southern Blood: Vampire Stories from the American South (1997)"
"Vampire Slayers: Stories of Those Who Dare to Take Back the Night (1999)"

</doc>
<doc id="19586071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586071" title="Yuriy Maleyev">
Yuriy Maleyev

Playing career.
Maleyev played for Dnepr Mogilev and Torpedo Zhodino in the Belarusian Premier League and Zawisza Bydgoszcz the Polish Ekstraklasa. He also made nine appearances for the Belarus national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19586082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586082" title="Swainson Island">
Swainson Island

Swainson Island is an island, with an adjacent islet, with a combined area of 4.14 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Swainson Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin (100 pairs), Short-tailed Shearwater (38,000 pairs), Fairy Prion (3000 pairs), Pacific Gull and Sooty Oystercatcher. The Tasmanian Tree Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19586166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586166" title="Fargo (surname)">
Fargo (surname)

Fargo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="19586202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586202" title="Maverick National Bank">
Maverick National Bank

The Maverick National Bank was a bank in East Boston, Massachusetts, established in 1854. The bank had extended large loans to its president, Asa P. Potter, who used the funds for speculative investments.
Much litigation followed the bank's failure, including "Beal v. National Exchange Bank of Dallas" and "City of Summerville v. Beal." Potter was indicted for violations of the banking law.
Nehemiah Gibson was a president and later a director of the bank.
In 1897, the remainder of the bank's assets, which included many worthless stocks and bonds of already defunct companies, were sold at auction by R.L. Day & Co., a Boston-based banking firm resulting in $429 of proceeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19586231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586231" title="Harm's Way">
Harm's Way

Harm's Way or In Harm's Way may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19586245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586245" title="Greg Booker">
Greg Booker

Gregory Scott Booker (born June 26, 1960)is a former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched in all or part of eight seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1983 until 1990. He also served as a coach for the San Diego Padres from 1997 until 2003, the first four years as bullpen coach, then a season-plus as pitching coach. He is currently a scout for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Booker's wife, Kristi, is the daughter of long-time major league manager Jack McKeon and his son Zach is a catcher in the minor leagues. 
On June 29, 1989, McKeon, often called "Trader Jack", traded his own son-in-law to the Minnesota Twins for pitcher Freddie Toliver.

</doc>
<doc id="19586254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586254" title="Hay Island">
Hay Island

Hay Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19586256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586256" title="Lexington Academy">
Lexington Academy

Lexington Academy was a small private Christian school in Farmers Branch, Texas (a suburb of Dallas) that was founded in the early 1980s by televangelist Robert Tilton and his wife Marty. The name "Lexington" was chosen in honor of the Battle of Lexington. The school mascot was the Patriots. The school was a member of TAPPS (Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools), and won dozens of State Championships in Athletics, Academics, and Fine Arts during the less than 20 years of its existence, including 5 overall TAPPS State Championships. The school was dissolved in 1998 as a result of debts incurred from lawsuits against Tilton and his ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="19586274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586274" title="Coopertown, Florida">
Coopertown, Florida

Coopertown is an unincorporated community in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It is located about west of Miami on U.S. Route 41 Tamiami Trail. Coopertown is famous for being the original air boat tour operators, beginning in the 1940s when tourists along Tamiami Trail requested rides on airboats. Famous for serving Alligator meat and frog legs, Coopertown is popular among international tourists.
Population.
A large sign outside the restaurant proclaims a population of 8.
Geography.
Coopertown is located at , at an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19586290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586290" title="John Edmondson Whittaker">
John Edmondson Whittaker

John Edmondson Whittaker (1897 – c.9 December 1945) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
John Whittaker was born in Burnley in 1897. After working as a weaver in a cotton mill as a boy, Whittaker was educated at Burnley Municipal College and Sarisbury Court Church of England Teachers Training College, Hampshire. He fought in the First World War.
In 1921 he marred Alice, daughter of Frank Marshall, esquire. There was a daughter from the marriage.
He was Headmaster of Rosegrove County Modern School, Burnley until his election as Member of Parliament for Heywood and Radcliffe at the 1945 General Election, when he defeated the sitting Conservative MP, James Henry Wootton-Davies by 892 votes.
In late-1945 Whittaker suffered bouts of ill-health, first influenza, then collapsing in Manchester. On 7 December 1945, Whittaker told his wife he was going for a walk. His body was discovered two days later at Crown Point, near Burnley. He had committed suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="19586307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586307" title="Frog City, Florida">
Frog City, Florida

Frog City is an unincorporated community in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It is located about west of Miami on U.S. Route 41 {Tamiami Trail}.
Geography.
It is located at , with an elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19586367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586367" title="Come By Chance">
Come By Chance

Come By Chance is the name of several places

</doc>
<doc id="19586372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586372" title="Death of a River Guide">
Death of a River Guide

Death of a River Guide is a 1994 novel by Australian author Richard Flanagan. "Death of a River Guide" was Flanagan's first novel.
Notes.
This novel has been translated into French (2000), Slovenian (2003), Dutch (2003), Spanish (2003), German (2004), and Italian (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="19586391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586391" title="Hay Island (Tasmania)">
Hay Island (Tasmania)

Hay Island is an island, with an area of 1.85 ha and a high point 78 m asl, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Swainson Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Short-tailed Shearwater (7500 pairs) and Fairy Prion (1-2000 pairs).

</doc>
<doc id="19586393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586393" title="No. 20 Radar Station RAAF">
No. 20 Radar Station RAAF

No. 20 Radar Station RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force radar station formed at Nelson Bay, New South Wales, Australia, during World War II on 12 April 1942. The radar station was set up upon Tomaree Head, Port Stephens and became operational on 1 June 1942.
Overview.
The radar was the first HMV (Aust) produced AW radar. The radar site necessitated the need to build a high voltage power line to provide electricity to power the rotating radar antennae. The radar station was responsible for plotting flight movements from RAAF Base Williamtown, plus all flight movements along the coast in the vicinity and reporting to No. 2 Fighter Sector HQ. The radar was made non-operational on 1 September 1945 and was disbanded on 21 January 1947.
After World War II, the radar antennae was left on the headland until it was knocked over during a bad storm. The collapsed radar tower was recovered by the RAAF in 1993 from the top of Tomaree Head. The turning gear base of the radar tower was returned to its original position in 2001 with the rest of the radar tower stored at RAAF Base Williamtown.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19586461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586461" title="Fortymile Bend, Florida">
Fortymile Bend, Florida

Fortymile Bend is an unincorporated community in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It is located about west of Miami on U.S. Route 41 (Tamiami Trail).
Geography.
It is located at , with an elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19586494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586494" title="The Gone-Away World">
The Gone-Away World

The Gone-Away World is a science fiction novel set in a post-apocalyptic world crippled by the 'Go-Away War'. First published in June 2008 by Heinemann, it is the first novel written by Nick Harkaway.
The book is written from the perspective of an unnamed character, part of a group of ex special-operatives turned truckers that collectively make up the 'Haulage & HazMat Emergency Civil Freebooting Company'. The story largely focuses on the lives of the unnamed narrator and that of Gonzo Lubitsch, one of the members of the company.
Plot summary.
The book is primarily a science-fiction fantasy/comedy/epic that focuses on the events of the unnamed main character and his best friend Gonzo Lubitsch. The book starts with the characters in the "Nameless Bar," a title that is a reference to the main character's namelessness. They are in a world that is profoundly different from our own, with constant references to "The Go-Away War" and the "Reification." They are all shocked when there are power failures and a news report shows that the Jorgmund pipe is on fire. The pipe is referred to as being the back bone of the world, the characters all thinking that this is the end of the world. The Haulage & HazMat Emergency Civil Freebooting Company is hired by Jorgmund, which seems to be half corporation, half government body. As the company sets off, the unnamed protagonist starts thinking about his past, from the day he first met Gonzo. It then goes from this to a recount of a war between all of the world's factions with "Go-Away Bombs," which remove information from matter, making it disappear entirely. The unnamed country that the protagonist is from uses these bombs in a mysterious foreign war, thinking that it is a revolutionary secret weapon. This sparks a war between all of the world's factions using these go-away bombs, reducing the world's population to 2 billion. The bomb that was supposed to be the cleanest weapon ever has an unexpected side effect in that the matter left over, referred to as "stuff," remains, floating around the world in great storms. Because it has no information, however, when ever it comes into contact with the noosphere it takes the form of whatever that person is thinking about. This causes horrific apparitions and creates people out of nothing who become known as "new." However, there is a way to stop this "Stuff": the material that comes out of the Jorgmund pipe, known as FOX, which allows for a small strip of the world to become livable. In this way it is similar to nuclear holocaust fiction, as the world is completely different from what we know today.
Reception.
Linda L. Richards, editor of January Magazine, praised the novel saying that it "leaves the reader gasping for both adjectives and description. It’s a powerful and accomplished first novel that weaves elements of romance, mystery, SF/F and -- yes -- thriller together in a way that leaves no doubt that the master storyteller gene really is something that can be passed along." She also said "Harkaway’s style puts me a bit in mind of the very best of Douglas Adams for the pure skittering, off-the-wall humor and of Douglas Coupland’s keen eye for cultural detail and well-developed sense of the ridiculous." Steven Poole was mixed in his review for The Guardian said "Reading "The Gone-Away World" is a bit like spending a week with a hyperactive puppy: there are delightful moments aplenty, but it's slightly wearing over the long run. Still, any author who has come up with the beautifully silly plan of melding a kung-fu epic with an Iraq-war satire and a Mad Max adventure has to be worth keeping an eye on." Ed King was again somewhat mixed in his review for The Daily Telegraph saying "but amid the chapter-long digressions and manic proliferation of characters, the narrative threatens to collapse under the weight of its own excess. Words clearly come easily to Harkaway (his father is John le Carré; perhaps it runs in the family) but he tends to lose sight of the plot and his duty to the reader. Nevertheless, "The Gone-Away World" is an impressive feat of imagination and a wildly exuberant ride."
"The Gone-Away World" was nominated 2009 for a Locus Award for Best First Novel and a BSFA Award for Best Novel.

</doc>
<doc id="19586498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586498" title="Headfort">
Headfort

Headfort may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19586624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586624" title="Thomas Taylour, 3rd Marquess of Headfort">
Thomas Taylour, 3rd Marquess of Headfort

Thomas Taylour, 3rd Marquess of Headfort KP PC (I) (1 November 1822 – 22 July 1894) was an Irish peer, styled Lord Kenlis until 1829 and Earl of Bective from 1829 to 1870.
He was High Sheriff of Meath in 1844, of Cavan in 1846, and of Westmorland in 1853. From 1852 to 1853, he was State Steward to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. In 1854, Bective succeeded his father-in-law as Member of Parliament for Westmorland, sitting as a Conservative.
He succeeded his father as Marquess of Headfort in 1870. He also inherited his father's title of Baron Kenlis, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, and so gained a seat in the House of Lords; his son Thomas replaced him in the House of Commons for Westmorland.
He was an Irish Freemason, having been initiated in Lodge No 244 (Kells, Ireland), and served as the Provincial Grand Master of Meath from 1888 until his death and burial at Virginia, County Cavan in 1894.
Family.
On 20 July 1842, he married Amelia Thompson, daughter of William Thompson. They had seven children:
His wife Amelia died on 4 December 1864. On 29 November 1875, he married again, to Emily Constantia Thynne, daughter of Rev. Lord John Thynne and granddaughter of Thomas Thynne, 2nd Marquess of Bath. They had two children:
His eldest son Thomas died in 1894, a few months before his father, and so the Marquessate passed to Geoffrey, Headfort's only son by his second marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19586632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586632" title="Federal Electoral Districts of Mexico">
Federal Electoral Districts of Mexico

The Federal Electoral Districts of Mexico (Spanish: "Distritos Electorales Federales") are the 300 constituencies or electoral districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of federal elections. Each district returns one Federal Deputy, who sits in the Chamber of Deputies, the lower house of the Federal Congress. An additional 200 deputies are elected by proportional representation. 
Electoral districts are identified by roman numerals and by federal entity (state or the Federal District). The number of electoral districts was set at 300 in 1979, when the number of seats in the Chamber of Deputies was increased from 196. The demarcation of the districts depends on the results of the previous electoral census, and adjustments to the 1979 districts were made in 1996 and 2005. 
Irrespective of population, no state may be represented by fewer than two electoral districts. This is the case with Baja California Sur (population: 512,000), Campeche (population: 755,000) and Colima (population: 568,000), which, as a result, return more senators than deputies to Congress. The states with the most electoral districts are the state of México (population: 14 million), with 40, and Veracruz (population: 7.1 m), with 21. The Federal District, with a population of 8.8 m, has 27. 
On 11 February 2005, the Federal Electoral Institute established the districts to be used in the 2006 general election and the 2009 mid-term election, in accordance with the following criteria: 
Under this scheme, the current electoral districts are the following:
Electoral districts.
The numbers indicate the number of districts in each federal entity for the 2006 and 2009 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19586645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586645" title="Alfredton">
Alfredton

There are at least two places called Alfredton:

</doc>
<doc id="19586651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586651" title="James Veitch, Jr.">
James Veitch, Jr.

James Veitch (24 May 1815 – September 1869) was the third in a long line of horticulturists who established the renowned family business Veitch Nurseries.
Veitch was the son of James Veitch and grandson of John Veitch. After working with his father and grandfather at the Killerton estate, James junior was sent to London to train with nurserymen there for two years. On his return to Devon, James junior used his new-found skills to help his father improve and expand the Exeter nursery, and in recognition of his contribution, he was made a partner in the nursery in 1838.
In 1838 James Jnr married a farmer’s daughter from Poltimore called Harriott Gould. The family had by now moved into their specially-commissioned villa, Gras Lawn, close to the Mount Radford nursery. The multi-stemmed Sequoiadendron which graced the front garden of the Veitch residence can still be seen today as it towers above a new development off Barrack Road, Exeter.
James junior soon realised that Veitch & Sons, being based in Devon, could not compete effectively with the large London nurseries, and in 1853 he acquired the Royal Exotic Nursery business of Knight and Perry on the Kings Road in Chelsea, London. 
James junior was an industrious and astute businessman, a skilled horticulturist, and from 1856 to 1864, an active member of the Council of the Royal Horticultural Society. Among other contributions, he instigated the formation of the RHS Fruit and Floral Committees; and the Veitch Memorial Medal was founded in his honour. Under his guidance, the Royal Exotic Nursery became the largest of its kind in Europe, due mostly to his division of the nursery into 11 sections: orchid, fern, new plant, decorative, tropical, soft-wooded, hard-wooded, vine, propagating, seed and glass. Each produced a vast range of the highest quality plants and was overseen by a skilled foreman. As business expanded, the nursery acquired sites at Feltham, Langley and Coombe Wood. 
Eventually it became unfeasible to run both businesses side by side and in 1863 Exeter and London became independent. In Exeter, James senior was succeeded by his younger son, Robert (1823–1855), and this branch became Robert Veitch & Sons. The London branch took the name James Veitch & Sons and here James junior was succeeded by his sons John Gould (1839–1870), Harry James (1840–1924), and Arthur (1844–1880).

</doc>
<doc id="19586688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586688" title="Nicolás Romero">
Nicolás Romero

Nicolás Romero (born in Nopala, Hidalgo, 6 December 1827; died in Mexico City, 11 March 1865) was a Mexican military figure.
He had agricultural and textile businesses in what is the modern-day state of Hidalgo. Upon the outbreak of the Reform War in 1858, he jointed the Liberal forces under Aureliano Rivera. 
When Napoleonic France invaded in 1861, he engaged the invaders in guerrilla warfare, fighting in the states of México, Guerrero, Querétaro and Michoacán under Gen. Vicente Riva Palacio; there, his exploits earned him the nom de guerre "León de la Montaña" ("mountain lion"). He was captured by the enemy in Papazindán, Michoacán, from where he was taken to Mexico City and executed.
Ciudad Nicolás Romero in the State of México and Tiquicheo de Nicolás Romero in Michoacán bear his name.

</doc>
<doc id="19586727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586727" title="Gregory Siff">
Gregory Siff

Gregory Siff (born Gregory George Siff on December 21, 1977 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American mixed-media artist, designer, writer and actor who lives and works in Los Angeles, CA.
Art career.
Siff creates images that blend Pop Art and Abstract-expressionism. His distinct handmade style merges elements of abstraction, street, and fine art while his work embodies emotionalism normally absent in urban art.
Siff's first exhibition, "the heartfirebreathemanifesto" was hosted at the Standard Hotel in Hollywood on February 13, 2006 with all proceeds from this exhibit donated to J.U.i.C.E. (Justice By Uniting in Creative Energy). Since 2006 Siff has exhibited all over the world including Los Angeles, New York, London, Italy, Dublin, and Vancouver.
Siff has done commissions and installations for Deitch Projects, The Standard Hotel, Tumblr, Electronic Arts, Sega, Christie’s, Vans, Red Bull, Hasbro, The Art of Elysium, Ciroc, Siren Studios and Warner Bros. Records. In addition, Siff has collaborated with artists RISK, James Georgopoulos, 2wenty and Beau Dunn. His work has been seen in magazines such as Interview, The Wall Street Journal, LA Times, Complex, and LA Weekly.
In Spring 2013, Siff was selected by Vans Custom Culture to be one of their "Art Ambassadors", inspiring students across the United States to embrace their creativity. His hand-painted custom Vans sneakers were on view at The Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City. Siff's work can be seen at ACE Museum in Los Angeles where he painted a mural for a charity art auction held by renowned auction house, Christie’s and non-profit, The Art of Elysium.
In October 2013 Siff collaborated with Helmut Lang and Project Angel Food, a Los Angeles based charity whose mission is to help those affected by HIV/AIDS, Cancer, Diabetes, and other life-threatening diseases. In this collaboration he hand painted 21 limited edition, one of a kind Helmut Lang tees. "The line work, characters, and poetry aimed to nourish the body and spirit, just as Project Angel Food does with their mission," said Siff. The private event was held on October 17 at Helmut Lang's flagship store on Melrose Avenue in West Hollywood, CA. All 21 tees were sold out and 100% of the proceeds from the sale of these original works benefited Project Angel Food.
Siff has also taken part in the Mirror Mirror Project which pairs professional artists with homeless at-risk youths to paint each other's portraits. The project will be unveiled at the Face 2 Face Fundraising Gala held at the Santa Monica Museum of Art on April 12, 2014. All sales of the portraits go to the charity, A Safe Place For Youth, which keeps homeless youth off the street.
In April 2014 Siff is invited to participate in the Santa Monica Museum of Art's Precognito/ Incognito 10 gala. Celebrating its 10th anniversary, the two-night event will feature original artwork by Siff and other contemporary artists. All artists signatures will be on the back of their works only to be revealed upon purchase.
Film, Television and Theater Career.
As an actor, Siff started out on stage at the New York City Opera at Lincoln Center. Among the operas he sang in were; Carmen, Tosca, Lucia and Turandot. He has been cast in the duel role of Barry Williams/Greg Brady in Fox's True-Life story of, The Brady Bunch: The Final Days. In I.F.C.'s "Rome & Jewel," a modern update of William Shakespeare's Romeo & Juliet, he played the role of Tybalt. He has also guest starred on Showtime's Nurse Jackie, HBO's, How To Make It In America, and .
In 2008, Siff wrote and starred in, "The Nothing Boys", a critically acclaimed semi-autobiographical play about a young man who returns home to his high school for his 10-year reunion only to find one other student in attendance. "The Nothing Boys" was produced by Rob Weiss, best known as producer of HBO's Entourage. The play ran from May 2 through July 27 in Hollywood's Theater District. A portion of the proceeds from, "The Nothing Boys" was donated to Covenant House California.
In Spring 2010, Siff's experimental art short film, "Sequential Paint", written and directed by Stephen Dackson, was a featured selection at the NewFilmmakers Series in New York City's Anthology Film Archives. The film also screened at various exhibits, art shows and galleries in Los Angeles, including the opener of the 2006 Santa Ana Film Festival.
As a voice actor Siff appears in the American video game series, Grand Theft Auto as the voice and body of Rocco Pelosi. Rocco Pelosi is featured in (2009) and Grand Theft Auto V (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="19586734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586734" title="Tony Au">
Tony Au

Tony Au Ting-Ping (, 1954 - ) is a Hong Kong film director and artist.
Biography.
He was born in Guangdong. After graduating from high school in 1972, he engaged in fashion design. Afterwards, he studied film at the London Film Academy. He entered the Hong Kong film industry in 1979.
He is married to the actress Teresa Mo and has two daughters.
Career.
His work as art director includes: Tsui Hark's "" (1980), Ann Hui's "The Story of Woo Viet" (1981), "Boat People" (1982), Ronny Yu's "The Postman Strikes Back" (1982), Clifford Choi's "Lemon Coke" (1982), Shu Kei's "Soul" (1986).
Filmography.
Filmography as director, art director and other positions:
Awards.
In 1983, he won Best Art Direction award with "Boat People" at the second Hong Kong Film Awards. In the same year, he directed "Last Affair", which won the Best New Performer and the Best Cinematography awards at the third Hong Kong Film Awards. In 1986, he directed "Dream Lovers", which won the Best Original Film Score award at the sixth Hong Kong Film Awards. In 1995, he directed Hong Kong-Japan film "The Christ of Nanjing", which won the Best Artistic Contribution Award at the eighth Tokyo International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19586780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586780" title="R-7A">
R-7A

R-7A, R7A or variant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19586798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586798" title="Cine TAM">
Cine TAM

Cine TAM was a Brazilian cinema owned by the parent company of TAM Airlines.
The cinema opened in the Morumbi Shopping no Brasil center in the Santo Amaro neighborhood of Sao Paulo on April 19, 2007. TAM took the former Cine Shopping Morumbi theater and transformed it into a TAM-branded cinema. The theater offered benefits to members of TAM Airlines's Fidelidade frequent flyer program. The advertising agency said that the four screen cinema took inspiration from the 1960s, when travel by jet aircraft increased. The theater's screens were named Londres (London), Nova York (New York City), Milão (Milan), and Paris. The theater included a restaurant called Cine Cafe TAM.
Cine TAM organized the presentation of the 2003 Brazilian film "Cristina Quer Casar" in Medford, Massachusetts, United States in 2007.
Cine TAM was closed in October 30, 2012 (Após cinco anos, Cine TAM fecha as portas em SP - Folha de São Paulo).

</doc>
<doc id="19586812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586812" title="Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996">
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996

The 104th United States Congress passed the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (NAHASDA) to simplify and reorganize the system of providing housing assistance to Native American communities to help improve the unsatisfactory conditions of infrastructure in Indian country. The legislation proposed to accomplish this reform by reducing the regulatory strictures that burdened tribes attempting to use their housing grants, and created a new program division of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) that combined several previously used programs into one block grant program committed to the task of tribal housing. The legislation has been reauthorized and amended several times since its passage.
History.
NAHASDA was one result of the broader historic campaign for Native American self-determination.
Prior to NAHASDA, housing assistance for Native American tribes and Alaska Natives was provided by several different programs under the Housing Act of 1937 and other related legislation that was put forth in succeeding decades. These programs included assistance for Indian housing development, public housing projects, child development, rental assistance, youth program assistance, and housing assistance for the homeless. 
The programs greatly increased the quantity and quality of housing on Indian lands, but the assistance was not without its shortcomings. While these programs provided a broad range of assistance, many had to be applied to separately, had different requirements for eligibility, and placed different obligations from the tribes. They also considered public housing assistance on Indian land to merely be an extension of other housing programs, not recognizing the unique, rural, or cultural needs of Native American communities. Roger Biles describes how “The clustered housing prescribed for rental units clashed with the traditional living patterns of many Indians and, according to some IHA officials, resulted in the creation or exacerbation of problems previously rare in Native American populations such as gangs, violence, and drug and alcohol abuse.” These issues caused friction between HUD administrators and tribal leaders. A series of investigations in the 1990s also uncovered instances of corruption, fraud, and mismanagement. 
Furthermore, despite tribes' heavy utilization of federal housing assistance programs over the decades since these programs were enacted, Indian reservations still suffered from widespread poverty, inadequate housing, and homelessness. At the same time that many of these issues were coming to light, tribal leaders, advocates, and elected officials such as Rep. Bill Richardson (D-NM), began calling for the promotion of “a creative new approach that encourages tribes to take control of their own futures would also get them out from under the [Bureau of Indian Affairs.”
On June 26, 1994, HUD released a new American Indian and Alaska Native policy statement, emphasizing its intent to strengthen the unique government-to-government relationship between the U.S. and federally recognized Native American tribes and Alaska Native villages by encompassing Indian affairs as part of their sphere of responsibility. Traditionally, issues concerning Native Americans had been addressed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the U.S. Department of the Interior; the policy statement sought to expand HUD's mission to include a special responsibility to Indian tribes.
The memorandum was the basis for NAHASDA, which established grant and support programs specifically for the use of American Indian and Alaska Native groups, NAHASDA was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Rep. Rick Lazio (R-NY) on March 29, 1996 as H.R. 3219. In his remarks, Rep. Lazio emphasized, 
Tribal governments and housing authorities should also have the ability and responsibility to strategically plan their own communities' development, focusing on the long-term health of the community and the results of their work, not over burdened by excessive regulation. Providing the maximum amount of flexibility in the use of housing dollars, within strict accountability standards, is not only a further affirmation of the self-determination of tribes, it allows for innovation and local problem-solving capabilities that are crucial to the success of any community-based strategy.
On September 28, 1996, Rep. Lazio moved to suspend the House rules and pass the bill as amended; the bill was agreed to by voice vote without objections. The bill then moved on to the U.S. Senate, where it was swiftly passed by unanimous consent on October 3. On October 26, 1996, U.S. President Bill Clinton officially signed NAHASDA into public law.
Summary of the Act.
NAHASDA was designed to recognize the unique relationship and history of the United States and the sovereign American Indian nations. It was intended to address the need of affordable housing on tribal lands for low income people and families as part of the federal government’s responsibility to promote the general well being of the country: 
"(6) the need for affordable homes in safe and healthy environments on Indian reservations, in Indian communities, and in Native Alaskan villages is acute and the Federal Government should work not only to provide housing assistance, but also, to the extent practicable, to assist in the development of private housing finance mechanisms on Indian lands to achieve the goals of economic self-sufficiency and self-determination for tribes and their members; and 
(7) Federal assistance to meet these responsibilities should be provided in a manner that recognizes the right of Indian self-determination and tribal self-governance by making such assistance available directly to the Indian tribes or tribally designated entities under authorities similar to those accorded Indian tribes in Public Law 93–638 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.).
The act is separated into seven sections:
The act simplified and reorganized the system of providing housing assistance to Native American communities by consolidating the myriad programs previously available to tribal groups into a single grant program known as the Indian Housing Block Grant (IHBG). Title VI of the act also authorized loans and loan guarantee programs to help American Indian tribes finance their development projects.
NAHASDA created a transition from funding and regulation under the Housing Act of 1937, making it so that all grants awarded under the previous legislation were renewable only if in compliance with the new law. This new act was designed specifically to assist in the development of housing, housing services, housing management services, and crime prevention and safety activities in Indian communities. These actions are meant to align with the objectives of assisting and promoting affordable housing on tribal land, offering tribal members better access to private mortgage markets, matching development to surrounding areas and promoting private capital markets Indian Country. 
To receive grants through this program both a one and a five year plan are required. Together they must include a mission statement, list of goals and objectives, an activities plan, a statement of needs, financial resources, and of affordable housing resources, and a certification of compliance. Once funds have been awarded grantees must meet a standard of wages, comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, keep rents at or below 30% of the residents monthly adjusted income, set eligibility requirements for admission, and secure a management that efficiently maintains and operates the units. 
Keeping with all of the regulations, any profits made from the development of the affordable housing must be used for further development of similar housing operated under NAHASDA. Funds may also be invested, but annual reports and audits are in place to ensure that grant money is being used to invest in the promotion of self-sufficiency and housing in Indian communities. Yearly reports must be submitted by the tribes along with the government’s review. The amount of outstanding obligations for NAHASDA can not exceed $2,000,000,000. If a recipient fails to meet the requirements and abide by the regulations the recipient can be replaced by another applicant. The initial allocation of funds is decided by a formula used to determine need. When first administered in 1997, this amount could not be less than any funds received during the fiscal year of 1996. 
Included in the legislation are tenant rights to notification of eviction and just cause for eviction, applicable to all housing funded through the Act. Another stipulation for future projects aligns with the Public and Assisted Housing Drug Elimination Act of 1990 and drug activity is a valid cause for eviction.
Assistance to Native Hawaiians.
An amendment to the act in 2000 added Title VIII, which authorizes loans for housing and infrastructure purposes by Native Hawaiians. The authorization prompted some non-indigenous Hawaiians to file suit against the Office of Hawaiian Affairs (OHA) in the case "Arakaki v. Lingle". The plaintiffs claimed that the authorization of HUD grant money for sole use of indigenous people was in violation of the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment. On April 16, 2007, the District Court ruled in favor of the OHA, claiming that the authorization of grants to the OHA did not constitute any harm to the plaintiffs, setting a precedent for the constitutionality of supplying funds to Native groups for them to use as they see fit.
Implementation and impact.
Made effective September 1, 1997, NAHASDA distributed $550 million in grants of its allocated $592 million within its first year; 97 percent of tribal housing entities met the first housing plan submission deadline of July 1, 1998. NAHASDA doubled the number of tribes receiving grants compared to the previous collection of HUD grants it replaced and tripled the number of housing units developed or planned by Native Americans per year compared to the yearly average developed over the lifetime of the 1937 Housing Act. 
Since the purpose of the act was to increase Native American’s power of self-determination, tribes were permitted to use Indian Housing Block Grants for a wide range of purposes. For example, tribes used some grant money to rehabilitate existing housing units and construct new units. According to a Government Accountability Office (GAO) study, “During fiscal years 2003 through 2008, NAHASDA grantees collectively used IHBG funds to build 8,130 homeownership and 5,011 rental units; acquire 3,811 homeownership and 800 rental units; and rehabilitate 27,422 homeownership and 5,289 rental units”. With regard to alleviating poverty and making housing more affordable for Native Americans, tribes could use grants for various housing assistance programs. For example, the same GAO study reports that “in fiscal years 2008 and 2009, approximately 50 percent of grantees used IHBG funds to provide tenant based rental assistance; more than 50 percent used IHBG funds to provide housing or financial literacy counseling; and approximately 30 percent used IHBG funds to provide down payment assistance”.
NAHASDA has also had a positive impact as a mechanism for improving relations between the federal and tribal governments. A GAO survey found that the act and its implementation were well regarded among Native Americans: 89.7% of respondents held positive views toward the effectiveness of NAHASDA, while less than 10% felt it was not an improvement over the previous Indian housing programs. The most highly regarded aspect of the plan was the level of discretion afforded to the tribes to determine their own needs. The act recognized that the same policies HUD applied to providing public housing in poor, urban neighborhoods might not be effective on rural, Native American reservations; NAHASDA also “simplified the process for federal housing money and reduced friction with housing authorities seen in earlier programs”. The widely perceived success of the program and its broad political support led to its reauthorization in 2001 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19586820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586820" title="Universidad San Anselmo de Canterbury">
Universidad San Anselmo de Canterbury

Universidad San Anselmo de Canterbury ("Saint Anselm of Canterbury University") is an official seminary of the Episcopal Anglican Church of Chile. The university develops its academic work for Anglo Catholic churches with traditional Anglican beliefs. It offers various degree programs taught in Spanish, in three facilities.
Degrees and postgraduate degrees are accredited by the St. Alcuin House in Blaine, Minnesota, United States.
Degrees Offered.
Theology
Philosophy
Bible Studies

</doc>
<doc id="19586837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586837" title="John Prysot">
John Prysot

His Worship Sir John Prysot JP KS (died 1461) was a British justice. Records of his early life and career are sketchy, but from the late 1330s he was active in Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire, starting as a Justice of the Peace in Cambridgeshire in 1437 followed by appointment as an Escheator for that county and for Huntingdonshire in 1438 and a second period of service as a Justice of the Peace in 1443, this time for Hertfordshire. In July of the same year he was made a Serjeant-at-law; the following year he was promoted to King's Serjeant. Between 1445 and 1447 he served as legal counsel for the Duchy of Lancaster, and in 1448 he was appointed an Assize Justice for Ely. His career took a sharp upturn when he was appointed Chief Justice of the Common Pleas on 16 January 1449 despite having never served as any kind of Puisne Justice.
Soon after his appointment he continued his activities outside Westminster, serving on a commission of Oyer and terminer in Kent in 1451 following the rebellion of Jack Cade by a similar commission in Lincolnshire in 1452 and at York in 1454. In the Parliaments of 1453 and 1455 he served as a Trier of Petitions from Gascony and other overseas territories. In 1455 he also served on a Hertfordshire commission raising funds for the defence of Calais, and in 1459 he became a Feoffee for various estates belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster, and was also knighted. He died early in 1461, and was buried in Wallington, Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19586895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586895" title="George Brown Hillman">
George Brown Hillman

George Brown Hillman MBE (5 July 1867 – 19 March 1932) was a surgeon and briefly the Conservative MP for Wakefield.
Hillman was born in Halifax in 1867, the son of the Independent Minister Rev S.D. Hillman. After attending Ilkley High School, he qualified in medicine at University of Leeds Medical Department. He qualified as a Licensiate of the Society of Apothecaries in 1892, and went on to practice in the Castleford and Wakefield areas of the West Riding of Yorkshire.
He served in the Royal Army Medical Corps during the First World War, being promoted to Hon. Captain on 31 July 1917. and was Officer-in-Charge of the Spinola and Hamrun military hospitals in Malta and medical officer of Ledston Hall Auxiliary Hospital in Yorkshire. He was awarded the MBE for his services.
From 1918 Hillman was Chairman of the West Riding of Yorkshire Local Medical Panel Committee. He was Conservative candidate for Normanton in the 1923 general election. He served on Wakefield County Borough council from 1926, and was Mayor of Wakefield for the municipal year 1927-28. He was Leader of the Conservative group on the council.
Hillman was elected MP for Wakefield in the 1931 general election, defeating the incumbent Labour MP, George Henry Sherwood, by 4,107 votes. Hillman was 64 years old when elected. He did not serve long as an MP. After suffering from heart trouble, he died of bronchitis in March 1932. He had asked five questions but did not make a speech in Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19586947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586947" title="Morgan &quot;Bill&quot; Evans">
Morgan &quot;Bill&quot; Evans

Morgan "Bill" Evans (June 10, 1910 – August 16, 2002) was a horticulturalist who guided the landscape design of Disney theme parks for half a century. He most notably transformed the landscape of of forest in Anaheim, California to create Disneyland.
Early life.
Evans was born in Santa Monica, California, where he learned botany from his father, a second-generation horticulturalist. He joined the Merchant Marine in 1928 and traveled around the world on the SS President Harrison, gathering seeds for his father's garden from the countries he visited.
After returning from duty, Evans studied at Pasadena City College and then at Stanford, majoring in geology. He left school early in 1931 because of the Great Depression, and returned home to transform his father's garden into a nursery business selling rare and exotic plants to the Hollywood elite. One of his customers was Walt Disney, who asked Evans to landscape the grounds of his Holmby Hills home and surrounding gardens. Disney was impressed by Evan's skill and invited Evans and his brother, Jack, to landscape what would become Disneyland.
Landscaping Disneyland.
In less than a year, Evans had transformed of Anaheim orange groves into lush theme park attractions filled with exotic plants. One of the prominent pieces of the projects was landscaping the Jungle Cruise ride along the path of an artificial river, which Disney insisted be "the best darn jungle this side of Costa Rica." This section of the park included a canopy of bamboo, palms, and ficus trees towering tall. To create the appearance of exotic jungle branches, Evans planted orange trees upside down to give the appearance that their gnarled roots were branches.
Later work with Disney.
After Disneyland opened in July 1955, Evans stayed on with Disney as a landscape planner, consultant and maintenance supervisor at the park. Disney made him the director of landscape architecture. His projects in this capacity included working on Disneyland additions, Walt Disney World and EPCOT Center.
Evans retired from Disney in 1975, but continued his work for Disney with the landscape design of Tokyo Disneyland, Hong Kong Disneyland, Disneyland Paris and additions in Walt Disney World such as Disney's Polynesian Resort, Discovery Island, Typhoon Lagoon, Disney-MGM Studios and Disney's Animal Kingdom.
Personal life.
After the death of his wife Jane, Bill married Natalie Scott (who had two teenage daughters). His adult son and daughter lived in northern California. Aside from his work at Disney, Evans was also a writer for Sunset magazine, a trustee for the Los Angeles County Arboretum, and a fellow of the American Society of Landscape Architects.
Death and legacy.
Evans died at age 92 in Malibu, California. The cause of death was not reported.
Evans was posthumously awarded the American Society of Landscape Architects Medal in 2002 in recognition of his lifetime achievement in the profession of landscape architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19586954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586954" title="List of help authoring tools">
List of help authoring tools

This page is a list of help authoring tools, organized by operating system.

</doc>
<doc id="19586993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19586993" title="Lourah Island">
Lourah Island

Lourah Island is an island with an area of 4.86 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Swainson Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin and Sooty Oystercatcher.

</doc>
<doc id="19587022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587022" title="Robert Adams II">
Robert Adams II

Robert Adams II (December 24, 1832 – May 12, 1882) was a cotton planter from Lower Richland County, South Carolina, and Captain in the Army of The Confederate States of America. He was the son of Robert Adams and Charlotte Belton Pickett Adams, and the grandson of Joel Adams and Grace Weston Adams. Robert married Eveline McCord of Philadelphia, the great grandniece of Betsy Ross. 
Adams served in the mounted infantry unit, The Charleston Light Dragoons, 4th Regiment South Carolina Cavalry. He enlisted on April 10, 1861, two days before the Confederates fired on the Federal troops occupying Fort Sumter, on April 12, 1861, in Charleston, South Carolina. He served in many engagements and was wounded and captured at the Battle of Old Church, Virginia on May 30, 1864 while under the service of Brig. General Matthew C. Butler, in General Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia.
Adams is the first cousin of Governor James Hopkins Adams of South Carolina, who was a staunch advocate of limited government and states' rights. Adams is the first cousin (once removed) of Lt. Colonel Warren Adams, C.S.A. who was the commander of Confederate forces at Battery Wagner. He is the great grandfather of United States Ambassador Weston Adams (ambassador), and the great-great grandfather of filmmaker Julian Adams, both of whom portrayed Robert in the feature film "". 

</doc>
<doc id="19587033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587033" title="Lainya County">
Lainya County

Lainya is a county on the Yei Juba road in the Central Equatoria state of South Sudan. The county has been affected by the civil war between Sudanese People's Liberation Army/Movement (SPLA) and the National Congress Party (NCP) of the Sudanese government. Lainya had been bombed by planes and artillery of the Sudanese government against the SPLA/M rebels during the war.
Background.
The county of Lainya is located at the central region of Pojulu measuring 63 Miles (101 kilometres) from Juba and 37 Miles (60 kilometres) to Yei river county. Business people, tourists and all travelling vehicles from Yei to Juba and Juba to Yei stop for their breakfast in Lainya, which is the only area with high level of development on the road. Apparently the commissioner of Lainya county Samuel Suba (formerly Col. Vincent Kujo Lobang) is working hard with the local administrators to improve the infrastructures and the development in Lainya County.
History.
Civil War.
The Sudanese Army advanced in the south, reaching the southern borders with neighboring Kenya and Uganda. The campaign started in 1989 and ended in 1994. During the fight the situation worsened in the tribal south causing casualties among the Christian and animist minority. During the control of Lainya by Sudanese government thousands of Improvised explosive devices or IED where planted all around the roads, village paths and farmlands. All of those IEDs where collected after the signing of CPA in 2005. Some of the IEDs were unable to be removed and the only choice was to destroy by explosion.
The war went on for more than 20 years, including the use of Russian-made combat helicopters and military cargo planes which were used as bombers to devastating effect on villages and tribal rebels alike. The war displaced an estimated four million people (of a total estimated population of thirty-two million); and killed an estimated two million people. It damaged Sudan's economy and led to food shortages, resulting in starvation and malnutrition. The lack of investment during this time, particularly in the south, meant a generation lost access to basic health services, education, and jobs. Lainya is one of the ruined county in Sudanese civic war. Its geographical location has been on the target of every war. Also the government was keen in Lainya for its resources particular teaks, which led to defforestation of many plantations in the area of Loka during the war.
Development.
Lainya county has been affected by the huge devastation of 21 years of civil war, which makes it hard to develop. Therefore, even three years after the end of the war, the people’s lives are threatened by the innumerable neglected landmines and unexploded bombshells that remain hidden. 
Education in the region has been very hard, children are studying under trees which actually shows how much of the region has been destroyed. Many teak trees in Africa's largest teak plantation (Loka West) near. Loka round have been destroyed by guns and deforestation has been carried out illegally, due to the lack of control when the region was under SPLA/M rebels and Sudanese soldiers. It makes it hard for the local Chief to have control on his region. Earlier in 2007-09 the notorious Lord Resistance Army known as LRA has extend their operation into the area causing thousands of civilians to flew their homes for safety. Most of the people in rural areas moved to Lainya central business building and starting building local shelters for the short time protection. Those Internally displaced person IDP some are currently living in the area while others have returned to places.
Lainya market.
Lainya Market is located in the heart of Lainya Central Business building and embraces many businesses. Operating since 1998 perhaps since 1990 under Sudanese Government, the market provides a vibrant, diverse people from neighbouring counties. The market attracts a diverse range of customers from local shoppers visitors and tourists from Juba, Keji Keji, Morobu and Yei. Visitors come to the market for unusual items that cannot be found in conventional supermarkets and shopping centres across other counties in Central Equatoria.
Environment.
Lainya has a healthy environment in comparison to other counties in South Sudan. Air quality is generally good; however woodsmoke from fireplaces is an issue in the winter months. Lainya waterways have historically been affected by heavy pollution from bombs drop government during the civic war. There are no national parks in Lainya; Lainya is bordered by extensive bushland to the far west, east and south sensitive rock lands to the west. There are a number of nearby Mount Park including the Gumbiri Mt, Loka Mt, Biri peak, Kero, Bereka, Gwasere, Lang-koda, Tuli, Arabi, Mondoru'da, Kilingwara, Jolobong, Lukurubang, Kopido, Ka'buu, Kenyi and Baraka peak.
Transport.
The main mode of transport in Lainya is the road network and the automobile. The Juba road connects Lainya to Yei River County and also to the regional capital city of South Sudan. Lainya is only served by extensive private buses, taxis; motorcycles, trucks and Lorries currently operated along the Juba Yei road.
Education.
Pupils are learning under mango trees, because the region requires much development due to the devastation done by SPLA/M and NCP. The picture shows some of the local classes for the children who are mostly struggling for their education on the countrysides of Lainya county. Most of the teachers are using what they have learnt "off head" without using books, not because they don't want to, but because there are no books, in some other parts of Equatoria, teachers are relying on East Africa books particularly from Uganda and Kenya which may help in common areas like science, mathematics and English, but when coming into geography it is hard to use.
Economy.
Subsistence agriculture is the main economic activity in the county, as is the case with most Sudanese counties. Crops grown include.

</doc>
<doc id="19587087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587087" title="Community Conservation Fund">
Community Conservation Fund

The Community Conservation Fund is a fund made available in New Zealand for conservation projects. It is administered by the Department of Conservation.
History.
The loss of biodiversity of New Zealand due to human activity is well documented, and there have been various methods of going at least part way towards restoration of indigenous ecosystems. Numerous community groups around New Zealand carry out ecological restoration projects on a volunteer basis using native plants to reestablish what was lost in the past. The Community Conservation Fund is aimed at assisting these groups. 
The fund, secured by the Green Party in the 2008 Budget, was launched on 24 September 2008. It is a $4 million fund with $40,000 made available per project per year.
Eligibility.
There will be three funding rounds during 2008 and 2010 and it has a number of conditions for eligibility. Funding is only given to established community groups that have an ecological restoration project on public land that can be sustained after the two year funding period.

</doc>
<doc id="19587171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587171" title="Pliage">
Pliage

Pliage is a style of painting in which the canvass is folded and tied before pigment is applied. The method was first developed in the early 1960s by Simon Hantaï.

</doc>
<doc id="19587247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587247" title="Percy R. Pyne">
Percy R. Pyne

Percy Rivington Pyne II (May 5, 1857 – August 22, 1929) was a banker, financier, and philanthropist.
Biography.
He was born on May 5, 1857 in New York City, the son of Percy Rivington Pyne I (1820-1895) and Albertina Shelton Taylor. His maternal grandfather was Moses Taylor, founder of the First National City Bank of New York and a stockholder in the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad. His older brother, Moses Taylor Pyne, inherited much of the family fortune and was a major benefactor of Princeton University.
Pyne received a B.A. degree from Princeton in 1878 and an M.A. degree in 1881. On June 20, 1889, he married Maud Howland (b. May 17, 1866), daughter of New York merchant Gardiner Greene Howland. Maud's brother Dulany Howland married Marguerite McClure, who later remarried Ogden Haggerty Hammond, the father of Millicent Fenwick.
He began his business career under the tutelage of Moses Taylor, serving as a partner in the firm of Moses Taylor & Co. He would follow in his grandfather's footsteps, becoming director of the National City Bank as well as manager of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad.
In New York City, Pyne and his family lived at 680 Park Avenue at the corner of East 68th Street, now home to the Americas Society. In 1899, he built the mansion Upton Pyne in Bernardsville, New Jersey as a summer home. It was named after Upton Pyne in Devon, England, his family's ancestral manor. It was the largest mansion in the area until it was torn down by his daughter 1982.
Percy and Maud Pyne had five children: Grafton Howland Pyne (b. August 11, 1890), Herbert Rivington Pyne (b. January 16, 1892), Mary Percy Pyne (b. November 27, 1893), Percy Rivington Pyne Jr. (b. November 9, 1896), and Meredith Howland Pyne (b. October 5, 1898). 
Pyne died at his Bernardsville home on August 22, 1929 at the age of 72.

</doc>
<doc id="19587276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587276" title="CECT">
CECT

CECT is one of the many brands of cellular phones manufactured in China. CECT offers unauthorized clones or replicas of the Apple Inc. iPhone and various Nokia cell phones manufactured in China and sold at a fraction of the price of the original.
For support, games and apps from the official CECT manufacturer, you can visit the official CECT forums
At least one reseller has been subject to legal demands from Apple Inc..
iPhone clones.
The CECT iPhone "clones" have been described as one of a growing number of Nucleus PLUS powered iPhone clones. Two of the differences between the clones and the Apple iPhone are that the "clones" normally have smaller resistive touch screens (instead of capacitive) and dual sim card slots. Newer models however, feature capacitive touch screens.
CECT.
CECT is the largest China-based mobile phone manufacturer. While most of the phones listed below origins are unknown, they are believed to be produced by CECT. One of the CECT's original phone is the CECT T689.
HiPhone.
The Hiphone T32 is the only model in the Hiphone series to offer Wi-Fi. In many of the clone models, the only difference is firmware versions. Not all HiPhones are labeled by the manufacturer; some are labeled only by the software version w006 or w009.
'Please note the term "Sciphone" is often used to reference clone phones, because Sciphone is the manufacturer of the i68, i9, and more recently the i9+++.'
Other.
2010 new clone iPhone model at ChineseShopOnline 
Ephone 4G
Ephone 4GS
J8
airphone 4

</doc>
<doc id="19587311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587311" title="Coin rolling scams">
Coin rolling scams

Coin-rolling related scams are a collection of scams involving coin wrappers (rolls of coins). The scammer will roll coins of lesser value or slugs of no value, or less than the correct number of coins in a roll, then exchange them at a bank or retail outlet for cash.
To prevent these problems, many banks will require people turning in coins to have an account, and will debit the customer's account in the event of a shorted roll. Some banks also have machines to count coins.
Penny and dime scam.
The con will wrap pennies into a dime-roll wrapper and try to exchange it, this is known as "penny rolling" in slang. Sometimes the con will also exchange other legitimate rolls of coins at the same time to allow himself to make the excuse that he made a mistake should the roll be discovered. Another trick is to put dimes on the (visible) ends of the roll, and have hidden pennies on the inside.
This scam can also be done using nickels and quarters.
Another tactic is to only roll a few of the wrong coins per roll. This allows the con artist to give plausible deniability in the event the scam is discovered, to say it was an honest mistake. Often a combination of various rolls of coins are exchanged at the same time to allow room for confusion.
Short-rolling scams.
Alternatively, one can place one or two fewer coins than usual in each roll. Half-dollars are a common choice for this kind of scam, for two reasons. First, there are only 20 coins per half-dollar roll, increasing the profit percentage. Also, since half-dollars rarely circulate, most bank tellers are probably unaware of the proper length and/or weight of a roll. Also owing to their lack of circulation, the missing coins are not likely to be discovered for a long time.
Foreign coin scams.
Another possibility is to pad foreign coins into the rolls. Generally cancelled European coins (see Euro) are used. Such coins can often be purchased in bulk at flea markets. Some con artists bank on the fact that the typical customer will just re-circulate these coins, or keep them for themselves thinking they are valuable.
In the United States, it is not uncommon to find Canadian coins in circulation (and vice versa), although the extent to which this is done deliberately is unknown. Pennies from pre 2010 and nickels minted between 1982-2000 are very common due to the fact that their composition is near similar to American coins, so coin counting machines can't tell the difference.
The 500 Italian Lira coin is similar to the 2 Euro coin and is sometimes passed off as such, especially to tourists.
Coin bags.
In the United Kingdom, coin wrappers are not used, instead small plastic bags are provided free of charge at banks which are filled by the customer with the appropriate amount of the same value coin as printed on the bag. When depositing or changing, the bags are weighed at the bank to check they contain the right amount. 

</doc>
<doc id="19587313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587313" title="Leonard Thompson (author)">
Leonard Thompson (author)

Leonard Thompson (born 6 March 1916, in Cranborne, Dorset, England - died June 2004) was Charles J. Stillé Professor of History Emeritus at Yale and director of the former Yale Southern African Research Program. He has written and edited many books, including The Political Mythology of Apartheid, The Frontier in History (with Howard Lamar), A History of South Africa, and South African Politics (with Andrew Prior), all published by Yale University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19587324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587324" title="Liga Indonesia Second Division">
Liga Indonesia Second Division

Liga Indonesia Second Division (Indonesian: "Divisi Dua Liga Indonesia") is the fourth level football league in Indonesian football competition system. Currently, this competition, along with First Division and Third Division, is managed by the Amateur League Board of the Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI).
This level of Indonesian football is amateur and is run on a national level. This competition is for players under the age of twenty-three years, this is part of the "youth player development program".

</doc>
<doc id="19587345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587345" title="Continental education system">
Continental education system

The German education system or continental education system is a higher education model, often contrasted with the Anglo-Saxon education system and the Scandinavian education system. It was the standard tertiary education model for most of the countries of Continental Europe before the implementation of the Anglo-Saxon model there due to the Bologna Process.
Specific is the distinction between vocational education (also called dual education system, see Fachhochschule (i.e. school of applied sciences) and academic higher education (at university).
In contrast to the Anglo-Saxon model where you have a common lower and higher academic degree for all subjects (Bachelor degree and Master's degree, respectively), in the German model the degrees are "Diplom" for the more practical subjects such as i.e. engineering, but also economics and business and (in Germany and Austria) the "Magister Artium" for the more theoretical subjects, such as social sciences or humanities. 

</doc>
<doc id="19587346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587346" title="Truth claim (photography)">
Truth claim (photography)

The truth claim of photography is the term used by Tom Gunning to describe the prevalent belief that traditional photographs accurately depict reality. He states that the truth claim relies upon both the indexicality and visual accuracy of photographs.
Indexicality.
Peirce’s term ‘indexicality’ refers to the physical relationship between the object photographed and the resulting image. Paul Levinson emphasises the ability of photography to capture or reflect “a literal energy configuration from the real world” through a chemical process. Light sensitive emulsion on the photographic negative is transformed by light passing through the lens and diaphragm of a camera. Levinson relates this characteristic of the photograph to its objectivity and reliability, echoing Andre Bazin’s belief that photography is free from the “sin” of subjectivity.
A similar argument has been made for motion pictures by Stephen Maguire. Lev Manovich labels cinema the “art of the index”, its traditional identity lying in its ability to capture reality. Denis McQuail likewise argues that film is capable of manipulating the “seeming reality of the photographic message without loss of credibility”.
Visual accuracy.
Gunning states that a photograph must also have “iconicity”. To represent “truth”, it must resemble the object it represents, which is not an inevitable characteristic of an index.
Consequences of the “truth claim”.
For individuals.
Levinson suggests that icons have a powerful effect on individuals, particularly the “direct image” due to the “sheer ease and sensual satisfaction" of viewing it.
Gunning attributes the human fascination with photographs with a sense of the relationship between photography and reality, though he claims that the “perceptual richness and nearly infinite detail” of the image itself is more significant than a knowledge of its indexicality. He cites Bazin’s idea that photography has an “irrational power to bear away our faith”.
Further, Susan Sontag relates the belief in a photograph’s ability to capture ‘reality’ to the development of certain human practices. Since a picture confers on events “a kind of immortality (and importance) it would never otherwise have enjoyed”, she explains, the act of taking photographs has become essential to the experience of world travel. The possibility of ‘true’ photographs leads to a compulsion to “ experience into an image” in order to “make real what one is experiencing”.
For society.
Understanding of reality.
David Croteau and William Hoynes suggest that the prevalence of photographic images has blurred the distinction between image and reality, referring to “pseudo-events”, in Daniel Boorstin’s words – such as press conferences, televised political debates, or ‘photo opportunities’ - that exist only to create images.
Further, Neil Postman argues that the photograph has redefined society’s understanding of information and truth: “truth is in the seeing, not in the thinking”. Postman suggests that the proliferation of photography led to the replacement of language with images as “our dominant means for constructing, understanding, and testing reality”.
Sontag shares this view, suggesting that “the ‘realistic’ view of the world compatible with bureaucracy redefines knowledge – as techniques of information”.
Social organisation.
In Sontag’s view, a consequence of photography becoming a primary means for understanding reality is the emergence of “bureaucraticcataloguing”. She claims that photography’s perceived ability to give information results in the bureaucratic organization of modern states. Institutions of control, such as the police, are able to survey and control “increasingly mobile populations” through photographic documents, such as passports or identity cards.
Desensitization.
Sontag also argues that through repeatedly capturing and viewing reality through photographs, their subjects can become less real. She claims that “aesthetic distance seems built into the very experience of looking at photographs”, and also that the sheer volume of horrific images throughout the world has produced a “familiarity with atrocity, making the horrible seem more ordinary – making it appear familiar, remote … inevitable”.
Hyperreality.
Sontag’s view is akin to Jean Baudrillard’s theory of ‘hyperreality’, where “reality itself founders” as a result of an endless “reduplication of the real” via media such as photography. He claims that the possibility of infinite identical objects creates a “relationship of equivalence, of indifference”, leading to the “extinction of the original”.
Digital photography.
It has been argued that the digitisation of photography undermines its “truth claim”.
Potential for manipulation.
Levinson suggests that the digitisation of photography undermines “the very reliability of the photograph as mute, unbiased witness of reality” because of the fallibility of technological manipulation and the potential for human refinement of production.
Lev Manovich likewise questions the indexical identity of motion pictures, rather labelling cinema a sub-genre of painting, since it is possible to digitally modify frames, generate photorealistic images entirely using 3-D computer animation, and “to cut, bend, stretch and stitch digitised film images into something which has perfect photographic credibility, although it was never actually filmed”.
Loss of indexicality.
It has also been argued that digital photographs inevitably lack indexicality, based on an understanding of “crucial distinctions between the analogue and the digital” in the way they record ‘reality’. For instance, Frosh describes photographs as “codes without a message” – “repurposable visual content made of malleable info-pixels”.
The continuing “reality effect”.
Gunning alternatively argues that digital photography, the process of encoding data about light in a matrix of numbers, is indexically determined by objects outside of the camera like chemical photography. 
Likewise, Martin Lister claims that even with a digital camera, “the images produced are rendered photo-realistic, they borrow photography’s currency, its deeply historical ‘reality effect’, simply in order to have meaning”.
Criticism of the “truth claim”.
Sontag challenges the “presumption of veracity” associated with photographs, arguing that they are “as much an interpretation of the world as paintings and drawings are”. She describes the role of the photographer in determining the exposure, light, texture and geometry of a photograph.
Gunning points to the physicality of the camera as a mediator between the photograph and reality. He notes that the use of a lens, film, a particular exposure, kind of shutter, and developing process “become magically whisked away if one considers the photograph as a direct imprint of reality”.
Sontag also describes the inability of a photograph to capture enough information about its subject to be considered a representation of reality. She states, “the camera’s rendering of reality must always hide more than it discloses…only what which narrates can make us understand”.
Further, Roland Barthes notes that the human subject can be made less real through the process of being photographed. He notes, “once I feel myself observed by the lens, everything changes: I constitute myself in the process of ‘posing’, I instantaneously make another body for myself, transform myself in advance into an image”.

</doc>
<doc id="19587348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587348" title="Breaksea">
Breaksea

Breaksea may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19587369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587369" title="Liga Indonesia Third Division">
Liga Indonesia Third Division

Liga Indonesia Third Division (Indonesian: "Divisi Tiga Liga Indonesia") is the lowest level (5th) of nationwide football competition in Indonesia. Along with first and second division, this league is managed by the Amateur League Board of the Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI).
This is the final league in Indonesia and there is no relegation, that a team can go all the way and become champion. This competition involves players under the age of twenty years, as part of the "youth player development program".
Another Explanation.
Division Three Liga Indonesia is the lowest division in the Liga Indonesia. Status of the club and the players who play in this division are amateurs. In the 2008 competition regulation Division 3 player is restricted to the age group 21 years and allowed only three players over the age wear-free. There is no degradation in Division III competition, but there are some top ranked teams will be promoted to Division II.
Division Three began to be held in 2005, the first season winner is PSIR Apex. The game begins with a Division Three match the provincial level to compete for quota compete in the National Zone Act. Ration is different in each province depending on the number three team division in the province.
Having escaped from the provincial level, teams that qualify will face teams from other provinces within the same zone (island). Usually divided into Zones 1 & 2 of Sumatra, Java 1 & 2, Kalimantan, Sulawesi 1 & 2, Nusa Tenggara, Papua & Maluku. After the round, the teams that qualify will face teams from other zones in the national round.

</doc>
<doc id="19587389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587389" title="Overseas Chinese Town">
Overseas Chinese Town

Overseas Chinese Town () is a scenic spot in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China, near Huaqiaocheng Station in the Shenzhen Metro, classified as a AAAAA scenic area by the China National Tourism Administration. 
It integrates traditional Chinese culture, Chinese folk culture with the World cultural essences, featuring theme parks including "Splendid China" (), "Chinese Folk Culture Village" (), "Window of the World" () and "Happy Valley" (). It is currently owned and operated by Shenzhen Overseas Chinese Town Holding Company ().
Over the years, extensions were made in different locations within Shenzhen. Some include OCT East and OCT Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="19587392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587392" title="Zapp V">
Zapp V

Zapp V is the fifth studio album by Ohio P-Funk band Zapp.

</doc>
<doc id="19587414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587414" title="Lockhart River air disaster">
Lockhart River air disaster

The Lockhart River air disaster refers to the controlled flight into terrain (CFIT) in Queensland, Australia of a Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner commuter aircraft at 11:44 am on 7 May 2005. The aircraft, registered VH-TFU, owned by Transair Ltd and operated by Aerotropics, was on approach to land at Lockhart River Airport in far-north Queensland, Australia when it struck the ridge known as South Pap, 6 nautical miles (11 km) north-west of the Airport. All fifteen on board died as the aircraft was completely destroyed by impact forces and subsequent fire. The flight was returning from Bamaga on Cape York to the regional centre of Cairns. It was the worst air crash in Australia in 36 years since MacRobertson Miller Airlines Flight 1750 on 31 December 1968.
Investigation.
The Queensland Coroner's Inquest in 2007, found that, despite evidence that there were a number of issues leading up to the crash, pilot error was the prime cause. Families of those who lost their lives in the disaster have been highly critical of the Coroner's findings and the deficiencies in the operations of the regulator, the Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA), and the poor company structure and practices of Transair Ltd. As the Cockpit Voice Recorder was inoperable, and had been for some time, the events and conversations occurring between the flight crew will never be known.
Senate inquiry.
As a result of intense lobbying by the father of one of the victims, Constable Sally Urquhart, and others, the Australian Senate's Rural and Regional Affairs and Transport Committee resolved to conduct an inquiry into the Civil Aviation Safety Authority, its operations and other matters. The Inquiry was convened on 2–3 July 2008 at Parliament House, Canberra. As well as Mr Shane Urquhart's submission, there were sixty others which were considered by the Inquiry. The vast majority of the submissions were highly critical of most aspects of CASA's operations. Several people and organisations, including Mr Urquhart, supported their submissions in person at the Inquiry. In September 2008, the Committee Chair, Senator Glenn Sterle, released the report of the inquiry to the Transport Minister Mr Anthony Albanese and the public.
The recommendations from the report are:
Further incidents.
Following the Lockhart River crash, Transair in Australia went into liquidation in late 2006. Aerotropics also no longer operates as the Civil Aviation Safety Authority cancelled its AOC due to ongoing safety breaches. Transair continued to operate its PNG business until 31 August 2010 when the company's Cessna Citation ran off the runway on landing at Misima Island near Milne Bay, Nuigini. The previous owner of Transair in Australia, Les Wright, died along with three others in the ensuing inferno. There was one survivor.

</doc>
<doc id="19587465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587465" title="Rattlesnake Hills">
Rattlesnake Hills

The Rattlesnake Hills is a 16 mile (26 km) long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County and Benton County in the U.S. state of Washington. Also known as Rattlesnake Mountain and Rattlesnake Ridge, it should not be confused with the much smaller Rattlesnake Ridge located near the west end of Ahtanum Ridge. Rattlesnake Hills' highest summit is tall, which is also the highest point in Benton County. The Rattlesnake Hills are part of the Yakima Fold Belt of east-tending long ridges formed by the folding of Miocene Columbia River basalt flows.
The Rattlesnake Hills form the northern edge of the Yakima Valley, running from the vicinity of Benton City to just south of the city of Yakima, where the Yakima River cuts through the mountain ridge via Union Gap. To the west of the Yakima River the mountain ridge is known as Ahtanum Ridge.
North of the Rattlesnake Hills is Moxee Valley and the Black Rock Valley. The hills extend into the Hanford Site. A spur on the north side of the ridge nearly connects with the west end of Yakima Ridge.
Roza Canal, used for agricultural irrigation, passes under the Rattlesnake Hills through a tunnel.
Named high points of the Rattlesnake Hills, according to the USGS, include Elephant Mountain, Zillah Peak, Eagle Peak, High Top, and, near the eastern end, Rattlesnake Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19587474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587474" title="Padamati Sandhya Ragam">
Padamati Sandhya Ragam

Padamati Sandhya Ragam (Telugu: పడమటి సంధ్యారాగం) (English: Westside Evening) is a 1987 Telugu romance film, directed by Jandhyala. The cross over cinema, starred hollywood actor Thomas Jane, Indian actress Vijayashanti and drummer Sivamani in the leading roles. The soundtrack was written by S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Sadashiva Brahmendra Yogi, Annamacharya, and Veturi Sundararama Murthy. The film garnered Filmfare Award for Best Film – Telugu.
Plot.
This film showcases the cultural differences of the east and the west. Adinarayana (Gummaluri Sastry) moves to the United States along with his wife and daughter (VijayaShanti) to join his younger brother Ramarao. Their neighbors are Chris (Thomas Jane) a Caucasian American, and Ronald (Sivamani), an African American. Both fall in love with Adinarayana's daughter Sandhya, and when both of them propose to her the same day, she accepts Chris's proposal. Knowing that her father is too traditional, eccentric, and orthodox to approve of their love, Sandhya elopes with Chris and they get married. Adinarayana doesn't have a choice but to silently witness the happenings, but when he has a granddaughter, he takes her back to India and settles there, intending to bring her up in a traditional Indian environment, and away from the foreign lure that snatched away his own daughter. As a grownup, Sandhya's daughter hates her father Chris, assuming that he was at fault and was thus disapproved by her grandfather. Chris and Sandhya visit India when Adinarayana passes away, and that's when their daughter realizes her father's humility and love towards Sandhya and Adinarayana, repenting for the ill feelings she bore all those years and returning with them to the USA.
Cast.
Additional cast: Johnson, Godman, Elizabeth, Bindu, Jyothy, Baby Rohini, Vijay Kothari, Bhushan Rao, Rama Sastry, Seetha Sastry, Mrunalini, Joshua York.

</doc>
<doc id="19587484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587484" title="Article 16 of the Constitution of the Hellenic Republic">
Article 16 of the Constitution of the Hellenic Republic

The article 16 of the Greek Constitution is an article of the Constitution of the Hellenic Republic which prohibits private universities.
The significance and notability of the articles lies in the politics surrounding the attempted educational reforms and the opposition to it by students of public universities.

</doc>
<doc id="19587500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587500" title="Universally Baire set">
Universally Baire set

In the mathematical field of descriptive set theory, a set of real numbers (or more generally a subset of the Baire space or Cantor space) is called universally Baire if it has a certain strong regularity property. Universally Baire sets play an important role in Ω-logic, a very strong logical system invented by W. Hugh Woodin and the centerpiece of his argument against the continuum hypothesis of Georg Cantor.
Definition.
A subset "A" of the Baire space is universally Baire if it has one of the following equivalent properties:

</doc>
<doc id="19587509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587509" title="Shenzhen Overseas Chinese Town Holding Company">
Shenzhen Overseas Chinese Town Holding Company

Shenzhen Overseas Chinese Town Holding Company () is the owner and operator of Overseas Chinese Town in Shenzhen, China. It is engaged in tourism, properties, and the sale of commodities.

</doc>
<doc id="19587557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587557" title="Albert R. Thayer">
Albert R. Thayer

Albert R. Thayer (19 October 1878 - October 1965) was an American painter and etcher. Born in Concord, Massachusetts, he studied at the Boston Museum School and at the Art Students League in New York. His teachers include Edmund Tarbell, Eric Page and Aldro Hibbard. He was a gifted teacher as well as oil painter and was a long-standing member of the Rockport Art Association, which he served as Treasurer.
His work is included in the Museum Collection of the Rockport Art Association and was featured in a traveling exhibition titled 'Images of a New England Seacoast' 1900-1950. He provided the illustration for the American edition of a popular Christmas book, "The Man at the Gate of the World". He also provided the illustrations for the book, "The Mystery of Molly Mott". He is best known for marshy landscapes and harbour scenes, but he painted on occasion a Boston house that caught his fancy. His oil paintings seldom appear in art auctions with only a couple of sales in the past twelve years.
He painted a portrait of Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy.
External links.
AskART.com. The Artists Bluebook: Albert R. Thayer

</doc>
<doc id="19587656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587656" title="Andrey Shibko">
Andrey Shibko

Andrey Shibko (born on March 8, 1975 in Minsk) is a Russian pianist.
He was trained at the Moscow Conservatory under Valery Kastelsky, graduating in 1997. The next year he won the Porto Competition, and subsequently he was awarded 3rd prizes at the VIII Géza Anda Competition and the V London Competition.
In 1999 he was appointed as Yuri Slesarev's assistant at the Moscow Conservatory, where he teaches nowadays.

</doc>
<doc id="19587669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587669" title="Royal New Zealand Coastguard">
Royal New Zealand Coastguard

The Royal New Zealand Coastguard is the civilian volunteer coastguard of New Zealand, the primary search and rescue organisation for the nation's coastal waterways and major lakes. The New Zealand Police coordinate smaller search and rescue incidents (Category I) in New Zealand, with assistance and resources from Coastguard as required; major maritime incidents (Category II) are coordinated by the Rescue Coordination Centre New Zealand (RCCNZ), who may call on the resources of the New Zealand Defence Force.
Government agencies including the New Zealand Police and the New Zealand Customs Service manage maritime law enforcement and border control, with the Coastguard not having a role, unlike in a number of other countries.
Sea rescue services have existed in New Zealand since at least 1861, but it was not until 1976 that various local groups formed the national New Zealand Coastguard Federation. It was granted Royal Patronage in 1990, and dropped "Federation" from the title in 2005.
Funding.
Coastguard New Zealand is a charitable organisation, relying on membership fees, fundraising, donations, and New Zealand Lottery Grants Board grants, to cover expenses of $8.5 million a year. The service announced a per hour charge out rate to non-members in 2006, and made calls for government funding in 2007. The Auckland Regional Amenities Funding Act 2008 passed into law in August 2008, requiring Auckland councils to provide funding for amenities in the city, including Coastguard Northern Region. As of 2010 the annual membership fee is $95, while the hourly call out rate for non-members was $280, up from $225 in 2008.
The charity often faces issues with rescuees who refuse to pay the charges, sometimes for several call-outs in a row.
Organisation.
The national service is divided into four regions, comprising 68 affiliated local units. It has 75 dedicated rescue vessels, plus two fixed-wing aircraft. Vessels include: 9.5 m rigid-hulled inflatable boats, powered by twin 250 horsepower, four-stroke outboard engines and capable of over 45 knots, an 18.6 m 
ex-Team New Zealand tender, and a $1 million state-of-the-art 14 m jet-powered catamaran. Units are based in cities and towns around the New Zealand coast, and at some lakes including Taupo and Wakatipu. The Auckland Marine Rescue Centre is the control centre for the Northern Region.
Services.
The Royal New Zealand Coastguard volunteers all over New Zealand put in 270,000 hours in 2007, while the Northern Region staff as an example expects up to about 420 call-outs in January 2010, of which about half would be by non-members. At 47%, almost half of all call-outs were reported to be due to mechanical failures, often considered avoidable by better maintenance. 
Examples of some of the incidents attended are rescuing eighteen schoolgirls from Waitemata Harbour after their competition rowing boats were swamped, pulling two fishermen out of the water in Hawke's Bay after their small dinghy was adrift for nearly 24 hours, and getting a couple to safety after their yacht capsized in atrocious conditions in the Bay of Islands. 
The organisation runs education events, such as classes for female skippers, and two Hauraki Gulf cruises highlighting popular anchorages and hazard awareness.

</doc>
<doc id="19587716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587716" title="Mérieux family">
Mérieux family

The Mérieux family is an entrepreneurial dynasty from Lyon, France, founders of companies such as Sanofi Pasteur, bioMérieux (in vitro diagnostics) and Mérial (veterinary activity), but also of the Fondation Marcel-Mérieux, of the Jean Merieux P4 laboratory and of humanitarian organisation Bioforce.

</doc>
<doc id="19587736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587736" title="Delicious (series)">
Delicious (series)

Delicious is a series of time management casual games, developed by Zylom Studios, and published by Zylom. The latest release of the series Delicious Honeymoon Cruise is developed by Blue Giraffe. The Blue Giraffe team largely consists of the original developers, designers and artists. The games tell the story of Emily, a waitress who aspires to one day run her own restaurant, and who works in several other restaurants in order to earn the money to make her dream come true.
After releasing three first games, Zylom decided to "renew" the series by adding some factors to make Emily's world become more memorable and natural. As a result, from the fourth game, the series have been receiving high appreciation from casual game critics and gamers. The seventh game, "Delicious: Emily's True Love", received a full 5-star review from Gamezebo.
History.
The idea for "Delicious" was thought of in 2005.
Delicious 1, winter edition and 2: Gamedesign by Jakko van Hunen
Delicious 3 (Emily's Tea Garden): Gamedesign by Jakko van Hunen & Sebastiaan van Waardenberg
Delicious 4, 5, 6 (Emily's Taste of Fame, Emily's Holiday Season and Emily's Childhood Memories): Gamedesign by Sebastiaan van Waardenberg
Delicious 7 (Emily's True Love): Gamedesign by T'jíen Twijnstra
"Delicious".
"Delicious" was released on July 13, 2006, and challenged players to successfully run eight restaurants of five days each. The first delicious game did not have much of a story line, and focused only on game play. Restaurant decorations were also automatically rewarded.
In November 2006, a special edition of "Delicious" was released: "Delicious: Winter Edition". This was essentially the first game, but with a special winter / Christmas theme.
This is, so far, the only "Delicious" game that does not have trophies.
Gamezebo originally rated the game 3.5 out of 5 stars.
In 2007, "Delicious" was nominated for the Best Casual Game of the Year 2006.
"Delicious 2".
"Delicious 2" was released on June 29, 2007 and offered players a number of new features, such as decorating your restaurant yourself, the possibility to put items on your plate ahead of time rather than when it was ordered, trophies for special achievements, and a storyline with cut scenes. "Delicious 2" contained five 10-day restaurants to play through. 
In "Delicious 2", Emily is asked by her Uncle Antonio to help him when his son Marcello runs off and leaves Antonio with no one to run his restaurants.
Like "Delicious", Gamezebo rated the game 3.5 out of 5 stars.
"Delicious: Emily's Tea Garden".
"Delicious 3" or "Delicious: Emily's Tea Garden" was released on September 24, 2008. The game held on to the solid basis of "Delicious 2", and mainly offered a bigger variety in dishes, reservations and a mini-game in which you collected mice.
In "Delicious: Emily's Tea Garden", Emily wants to pursue her dream of running her own tea garden. In order to apply for a loan at the bank, Uncle Antonio helps her to get a waiting job at a friend's restaurant so she can earn the money needed. Through referrals, Emily gets to work at four other restaurants before she can finally open her very own tea garden.
This game introuded a new mini-game and reservations. (See gameplay below.)
Like other first two games, Gamezebo rated the game 3.5 out of 5 stars.
"Delicious: Emily's Taste of Fame".
"Delicious 4" or "Delicious: Emily's Taste of Fame" was released on June 3, 2009. The game takes the series to the next level by challenging players with special events that change daily, and need to be completed besides the normal time management gameplay. For instance, while running a restaurant, you will need to take packages from the postman, help a lady find her pearls, or keep the place clean while a car mechanic is fixing your car.[http://www.zylom.com/en/uk/promo/delicious/prelaunch.jsp]
In "Delicious: Emily's Taste of Fame", Emily is offered a chance to host her own cooking show on television. Players follow her as she travels to the studio, but her car breaks down on the way and as she tries to find help getting her car fixed, she lends a helping hand to others.
One of the new features in this game, which is a first in its genre, is how the story is not told through classic cut-scenes, but during gameplay. "Delicious: Emily's Taste of Fame" has a cast of more than 30 characters, the largest cast of talking characters and the largest number of emotions per character of any casual time management game.[http://martijngamer.blog.com/4924859/]
Gamezebo rated the game 4.5 out of 5 stars, marking the first critical acclaim for the series.
"Delicious: Emily's Taste of Fame" was nominated three times by the 2010 GameHouse Great Game Awards in these categories:
And won a 2010 GameHouse Great Game Award in the category "Top Time Management Game".
"Delicious: Emily's Holiday Season".
On November 18, 2009, "Delicious 5" was released as "Delicious: Emily's Holiday Season". Emily settled in a little town called Snuggford to celebrate the holidays together with her friends and family. Besides that, two handsome young men are being introduced to Emily’s life. The names of these young men are Paul and Richard, whom Emily finds herself having to choose between, as well as dealing with problems among friends and family.
Gamezebo rated the game 4 out of 5 stars, and praised the well-written story and dialogue.
In fact, the story and the dialogue are not only a decoration to the game but an important part of it,involving actively the player into the dialogue. Emily becomes a character with feelings and hopes.
"Delicious: Emily's Childhood Memories".
"Delicious 6" or "Delicious: Emily's Childhood Memories" was first released as Premium Edition on February 3, 2011.
This time Emily is going to the house she grew up in as child because her parents are about to sell it. While there, she along with her sister Angela, father, mother and friend Francois remember all the things that happened to them at the house, from Angela's baby days till meeting Francois for the first time and until Emily's prom night.
At the end Emily discovers the real reason as to why her parents are selling the house - they have financial problems but after obtaining the money they need they still sell the house so a new family could create their own memories there.
Gamezebo rated the game 4.5 out of 5 stars, marking the second critical acclaim for the series.
'Delicious: Emily's Childhood Memories' won the 'Best of 2011 award' in the Time Management category on Jayisgames.com
'Delicious: Emily's Childhood Memories' won 'Best Casual Game 2011'- Dutch Game Awards.
"Delicious: Emily's True Love".
"Delicious 7" or "Delicious: Emily’s True Love" was released as Premium Edition on November 30, 2011. The new "Delicious" game takes place one year after Emily has opened her own restaurant. Her restaurant is doing well, then a love letter arrives and turns her world upside down. Emily must travel the world to find her true love, helping out at restaurants along the way.
Gamezebo rated the game 5 out of 5 stars, and it is the first game in the series to get maximum rating.
"Delicious: Emily's Wonder Wedding".
"Delicious 8" or "Delicious: Emily’s Wonder Wedding" is the first game in the series to be divided into "episodes". On every Friday starting from June 29, 2012 and ending on November 23, 2012, a new episode was released. Resulting in a total of 25 episodes and 50 levels with 2 levels in each episode. The full game was later released as an episodic-format to purchase as a whole.
In this game, Emily is getting ready to marry Patrick when Patrick's mother, and ex-girlfriend Iris show up and complicate things for the couple.
"Delicious: Emily's Honeymoon Cruise".
Emily and Patrick are going on a cruise for their honeymoon! The full game was released on September 26, 2013. The option of playing the full game is only available once the game is bought before October 4, 2013. If bought on 4 October or later, the customer would then have to wait for a new episode each week.
Gameplay.
In the "Delicious" games, players take the role of Emily, and are given the task to run a restaurant. Customers come in, alone or in a group, and choose to either sit down at a table or take out. Emily must serve them their order, and accept payment, before they become impatient and leave. Order sizes vary from 1 to 2 items for a single customer, and up to 4 items for a group. Fast service and entertainment, along with creative restaurant decorating, can keep the customers happy and result in a bigger tip.
Serving orders.
There are a number of types of items that customers can order, which increases in number and complexity as the game progresses.
- Items that are ready to serve, and have no limit capacity. When ordered, these items can be served right away, without preparing or restocking.
- Items that need to be combined, and restocked after a few servings. Nachos, for instance, need to be combined with a dip before they can be served. The Nacho-machine holds only a number of servings, and needs to be refilled when or before it's empty, before nachos can be served again.
- Items that are first combined, and then stocked up to 9 items. Ice cream for instance is made by combining basic vanilla ice cream with a choice of fruit.
- Items that are first grilled or baked, and then prepared. Crepes for instance are first baked a few seconds, and are then combined with ice cream. Steaks can be prepared as medium or well-done, depending on how long it's grilled. These items will burn if they are baked too long though.
- Items that are prepared using a timer that must be stopped in time, such as crème brûlée or profiteroles.
- Tea is served by combining tea leaves with water. When Emily is out of a certain type of leaves, she must pick new ones and restock them.
Cleaning.
Aside from serving customers their orders, Emily must also keep the tables in the restaurant clean, when customers have used them. If there are no clean tables available when new customers that were planning on sitting down come in, they will leave.
Although cleaning the tables is just a matter of one click, it does take up valuable time. During the later days of a restaurant, a help is hired to clean the tables.
Entertainment.
Customers can be very impatient. This is why after a few days of a restaurant, Emily requests the help of an entertainer. When an entertainer is sent to a table with customers, this will make them happy and give them more patience while they wait to be served. Happier customers also leave bigger tips. In the first "Delicious" there are chocolates instead of an entertainer.
Decorating.
Aside from the profit Emily makes during a day, she can earn a certain amount of money that can be spent on decorating her restaurant. These decorations vary from new furniture, to aesthetic items like paintings and plants. A well-decorated restaurant keeps the customers happy and patient, and result in bigger tips.
Mouse Mini-Game.
"Delicious: Emily's Tea Garden" introduced two new features. One is the mouse mini-game. A mouse is hidden in each level, popping into view every now and then. To catch it, the player must click on it, adding 100 points to the day's score. The player will hear a squeak when the mouse appears on screen. The mouse can be easy or hard to find. This mini-game has continued into every game after "Tea Garden".
Reservations.
The other new feature "Delicious: Emily's Tea Garden" introduced is reservations. At one level in the game, a telephone will appear. The player can click on it when it rings and after the player clicks on the phone a bar will appear showing the size of the group and when the customers will arrive. The player must then grab a reservation card, under the phone, and place it on a table with enough seats for the group. No other customers can sit at a table with a reservation card. When the timer is empty, the customers arrive. If they can take a seat at a table with a reservation card, the player gets a 100 point bonus.
Recurring characters.
Emily O'Malley is a young woman with a love for cooking, who hopes to one day open her own restaurant. She is the game's main character, and is kind-hearted, though sometimes a little naive. No one would dare say she's not a hard worker though and when she has her mind set on something, she really goes for it. Managing your personal life can be quite a challenge. Especially when you have to manage your own restaurant on top of that! At the end of "Delicious: Emily's Wonder Wedding", Emily marries her husband Patrick.
Francois, a young man of about Emily's age, is Emily's best friend. Francois is an interior decorator, and he advises and helps Emily with decorating her restaurants. In "Delicious 2", he also helps Emily in the restaurant by cleaning tables. In "Delicious: Emily's Tea Garden", Francois takes the role as an entertainer, playing his flute for Emily's waiting guests. In "Delicious: Emily's True Love", Emily puts him in charge of her restaurant while she is away.
Patrick O'Malley is Emily's husband, a florist who had a long-standing crush on her before revealing his feelings in "Delicious: Emily's True Love"; he and Emily became engaged at the end of that game. Patrick had an important role in the sample game "Delicious: Emily's Big Surprise" and he and Emily are married in "Delicious: Emily's Wonder Wedding". While he has not helped out in Emily's restaurants in any game to date, he often shows a willingness to do so.
Angela is Emily's younger sister. While she is extremely flirtatious and irresponsible in her early appearances, she settles down and gets married in "Delicious: Emily's True Love". In "Delicious: Emily's Childhood Memories", Angela is shown to be just as much of a troublemaker when she was growing up. Despite their differences, Angela and Emily are very close, though Emily is frequently exasperated with her sister's antics. Angela has helped out in several of the restaurants before - however, several "crisis events" involve Emily trying to prevent Angela from causing trouble in between serving her customers.
Edward and Evelyn are Emily's parents, who are retired. Edward is laid-back and enjoys his retirement, while Evelyn is a bit more high-strung: many of her early appearances focus on her attempts to get Emily a boyfriend. Edward and Evelyn are shown to have very similar personalities to their older selves in "Delicious: Emily's Childhood Memories", and both have helped out in Emily's restaurants - Evelyn as a cleaner and Edward as either a cleaner or entertainer. Evelyn tends to over-protect her daughters, while Edward tries his best to stay out of his wife's way.
Uncle Antonio is a somewhat older man, uncle of Emily and father of Marcello. He owns a number of restaurants, but when his son bails on him, he needs Emily's help to get things back on track. When Emily wants to open her own tea garden, he helps her with advice and gets her a job so she can apply for a loan.
Brigid is Patrick's mother. She dislikes Emily and does not want her to marry Patrick in Delicious Emily's Wonder Wedding but in Delicious Emily's Honeymoon Cruise it seems that she warmed up to emily as she kind of comforted her when she couldn't find Patrick
In "Delicious: Emily's Taste of Fame", it is revealed that Emily and her family and friends live in the imaginary town of Snuggford. While Snuggford's actual location is not ever revealed, it is a town that experiences all four seasons and is in the mountains (considering it has a ski slope and an annual skiing contest). In "Delicious: Emily's True Love", Patrick asks Emily to attend the Sundance Film Festival with him, which strongly implies that Snuggford is located in or around the U.S. state of Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="19587744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587744" title="Spookies">
Spookies

Spookies is a 1986 independent horror film. Remembered for its copious creature effects, its patchwork editing, and for boasting an effective soundtrack, "Spookies" was given a limited theatrical release in 1987-88 and a more widespread video release in 1988. It was shown on cable television's USA Network multiple times between 1988-1991. To date this film has not been released on DVD in the United States.
Synopsis.
A 13-year-old boy named Billy runs from home as his parents forget his birthday. Making his way through thick woods, he encounters a drifter who is violently slashed to death after Billy leaves. Billy stumbles on an old mansion where a room is decorated for birthday celebrations. Thinking it is a surprise by his parents, he opens a present to discover a severed head. Running away, he is attacked by the drifter's killer, a cat-like human with a hook on one hand, and subsequently buried alive.
Meanwhile, a group of teenagers and some older adults come across the mansion intending to have a party, believing the mansion to be abandoned. However, a sorcerer named Kreon resides there, keeping watch over his bride who he has kept preserved for over 70 years using an unrevealed method, but it is known that he needs human victims in order to do it. He possesses one of teenagers in the group to use a Ouija board and summons a variety of monsters to pick off the group one by one. These include farting mud-men, small reptilian demons, giant spiders, an arachnid woman, an octopus-like creature with electric tentacles, a skeletal witch, a Grim Reaper statue, a vampiric boy in a monk's habit, and a large group of zombies. 
Eventually, the entire group is killed by the monsters and Kreon hopes to preserve his bride for longer, but she escapes by killing him and trying to outrun the zombie horde around the mansion. The bride eventually is saved by a man who drives her away in his car. Kreon regenerates out of a coffin as it is revealed the man in the car is actually the cat-like creature with the hook hand. The camera pans on Kreon's laughing face and the credits roll.
Production.
"Spookies" started out as a feature film entitled "Twisted Souls". The film started shooting in late summer of 1984 and finished principal photography in October of that same year. It was directed by Brendan Faulkner and Thomas Doran, and produced by Frank Farel, Brendan Faulkner, and Thomas Doran. The film "Twisted Souls" was being edited when creative and legal issues between the producers and the financial backer prevented final post production work from being carried out (final editing, scoring, post-effects, etc.).
The original "Twisted Souls" footage directed by Faulkner and Doran consists of the all the "teenagers" who arrive in the two cars and all the related monsters: Demon/Ouija Girl; Muck Men; Spider Woman; Snake Demons; Hallway Demon; Grim Reaper; and all related effects. The screenplay was written by Frank Farel, Brendan Faulkner and Thomas Doran.
In 1985 the financial backer of "Twisted Souls" hired Eugenie Joseph to direct more footage which was pieced together with the footage from "Twisted Souls", creating "Spookies". The added footage by Joseph's, with an entirely different cast, includes all the footage with the boy looking for his birthday party; man in tree; Cat-man; old, withered magician; girl in coffin; zombies; witch in basement/cave; and the little blue boy.
Cast and crew.
The creature effects were created by Gabe Bartalos, Arnold Gargulio, Jennifer Aspinal, John Dods, and others helping in various capacities.
Release.
The film was given a limited theatrical release in the United States by Sony Video Software Company in January 1987. It grossed $17,785 at the box office. It was also released theatrically in Hong Kong.
The film was released on VHS by Sony Video, but has since gone out of print. Vipco Entertainment (UK) released a Region 2 DVD mastered from the VHS source. As of October 21, 2012, there are currently no plans for a U.S. DVD release.

</doc>
<doc id="19587786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587786" title="Amenhotep, Priest of Amun (18th Dynasty)">
Amenhotep, Priest of Amun (18th Dynasty)

Amenhotep lived during the 18th Dynasty, the New Kingdom era; (c. 1479 – 1425 BC). He was the High Priest in the Temple of Amun. 
He was in charge of most of the wealth of Egypt, which flowed in and out of the Temple of Amun. He was also in charge of the gardens and granaries of the Temple. During his lifetime he presided over the funerals of three Pharaohs: Amenhotep I, Thutmose I, and Thutmose III.

</doc>
<doc id="19587863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587863" title="Object lesson">
Object lesson

An object lesson is a teaching method that consists of using a physical object or visual aid as a discussion piece for a lesson.
Description.
The object lesson approach is promoted in the educational philosophy of Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi, who held that teaching should begin with observation of objects which help students recognize concepts.
History.
Object lessons were important elements in teaching during the Victorian era of the mid- to late-nineteenth century. They are commonly used in religious instruction.

</doc>
<doc id="19587886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587886" title="John Carter (insurer)">
John Carter (insurer)

Sir John Gordon Thomas Carter (born 28 December 1937) is a British businessman who was Chief Executive of Commercial Union from 1994 to 1998, and who is the current chairman of the National House Building Council.
Life.
Carter was educated at the City of Oxford High School and Jesus College, Oxford, obtaining a degree in mathematics. After National Service, he joined Commercial Union in 1961, and became a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries in 1966. He rose to the positions of Life Manager (1978 to 1980), Deputy General Manager (1981 to 1982), General Manager (1983 to 1986) and Director (1987 to 1994) before becoming Chief Executive in 1994. He stepped down from this post in 1998, the year in which he was knighted and made an Honorary Fellow of Jesus College. He was also a director of Credito Italiano (1994 to 1999) and Canary Wharf Group (1999 to 2004). He has also been chairman of the management committee of the Motor Insurers' Bureau (1985 to 1990), Association of British Insurers (1995 to 1997), and the Policyholders Protection Board (2000 to 2001). He became a director of the National House Building Council in 1998 and has been chairman since 2002. He was a Governor of London Guildhall University from 1998 to 2002, serving as chairman from 1999 to 2002; when the university merged in 2002 with the University of North London to become London Metropolitan University, he was chairman of the merged university until 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19587897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587897" title="Jang Nam-Seok">
Jang Nam-Seok

Jang Nam-Seok (born: 18 April 1983) was a South Korean football forward.
Club career.
In 2006, Jang made his professional debut with Daegu FC, and finished as the top scorer in the Korean FA Cup that year. In 2008, Jang Nam-Seok, together with Lee Keun-Ho and Eninho, played a key role in the offense orientated tactics that was employed by Daegu FC that season. On 6 June 2008, he scored a goal within 40 seconds of kickoff in a home match against Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i. This set a 2008 season record for the quickest goal scored in a K-League match. He serves as captain of Daegu FC. 
On 29 November 2010, he moved to Sangju Sangmu FC to fulfill his compulsory military duties. He is expected to return to Daegu FC upon completion of his two years service in the military.

</doc>
<doc id="19587919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587919" title="Amersfoort Vathorst railway station">
Amersfoort Vathorst railway station

Amersfoort Vathorst is a railway station on the Utrecht–Kampen railway between Amersfoort and Zwolle. It is located in north Amersfoort, Netherlands. The station is operated by the Nederlandse Spoorwegen (NS). The station opened 28 May 2006. The station has 3 tracks, 1 of which is for terminating trains from the Amersfoort direction. It is located in the area of the Vathorst and Hooglanderveen estates, which are still being built up. 
Train services.
The following train services call at Amersfoort Vathorst:

</doc>
<doc id="19587932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19587932" title="Gao Xing">
Gao Xing

Gao Xing ()(born 1974) is a Chinese amateur astronomer from Ürümqi, Xinjiang, China. He built Xingming Observatory (星明天文台) in 2006 and discovered Comet C/2008 C1 (Chen-Gao) on February 1, 2008 with Chen Tao from Jiangsu and Comet P/2009 L2 (Yang-Gao) on June 15, 2009 with Yang Rui from Hangzhou, Zhejiang. China and hence won the Edgar Wilson Award for 2008. In the night on February 26, 2009, he discovered a nova in Sagittarius in the Galaxy's central part at night with his partner Sun Guoyou from Wenzhou. Gao reported his new discovery to the International Astronomical Union on May 29 and acquired the identification.In the night on October 3, 2010, he discovered a new Supernova in NGC5430 at night with his partner Sun Guoyou.He also discovered several SOHO comets and NEAT Asteroids. Currently, he is working as a physics teacher at the Urumqi No.1 High School. He also has a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19588049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588049" title="Byun Byung-Joo">
Byun Byung-Joo

Byun Byung-Joo (; born 26 April 1961) was a South Korean football player. He was the appointed manager of Daegu FC in 2006, before resigning in December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19588082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588082" title="Bodešče">
Bodešče

Bodešče () is a village on the left bank of the Sava Bohinjka River in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The village church is dedicated to Saint Leonard and was allegedly built on the site of an ancient fort. The church has a covered porch, a square nave, and a narrow Gothic star-vaulted presbytery, dating to the mid-15th century. The church tower has an onion-shaped Baroque wooden crown.

</doc>
<doc id="19588115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588115" title="QV.1">
QV.1

QV.1 is a 40-storey modernist skyscraper in Perth, Western Australia. Completed in 1991, the building is the fourth-tallest building in Perth, after Central Park, the BHP Tower and the BankWest Tower. The project was designed by architect Harry Seidler and has won numerous awards for its innovative design and energy efficiency.
Site and construction history.
The property, which fronts St Georges Terrace, Hay Street and a whole block on Milligan Street, was home to various buildings, including two 11-storey buildings
and, at the corner of Hay and Milligan Streets, the first Fast Eddy's burger bar.
Planning for the redevelopment began in the second half of the 1980s, with the design done by Harry Seidler & Associates Architects. The site fell partially within the boundaries of the statutory "Parliamentary Precinct", which limited skyscraper heights near Parliament House. The Environmental Committee of the Royal Australian Institute of Architects (WA Branch) recommended that the requirements for the precinct be amended to allow the development to take place.
The tower was named "Q.V.1" after the Latin phrase "Quo vadis" (meaning "where are you going?").
With the plans finalised and approved, the site was purchased in 1989 for A$30 million by a joint venture between Barrack Properties (50% share), Kajima Corporation (30%) and Interstruct (20%).
The purchase also included a site across Hay Street, which would be turned into a 4.5-storey car park for the development.
The owners of the Fast Eddy's restaurant had wanted to incorporate this restaurant into the new development, however they accepted a $5.2 million offer from the developers, and instead moved the restaurant to the corner of Murray Street and Milligan Street, where it remains today.
Finance on the tower had been made possible by a put option granted by BT Property Trust and the New South Wales State Superannuation Board, whereby for an estimated fee of $20 million they agreed to buy the tower upon completion for $340 million if the option was exercised.
However, during construction of the tower, Perth property prices suffered a major collapse as demand for office space slumped. In August 1991, just six weeks out from completion, the building did not have a single tenant, and was regarded as "one of the great white elephants of the Australian property scene". The owners exercised the option in 1991 upon completion of the project, handing joint ownership to the Superannuation Board and BT Property Trust.
Post-completion.
After QV.1's opening in 1991, Perth's office vacancy rate hit a high of 73.6% in 1993. However, by 1996 the tower was fully leased and in June 1998 remained the only premium-grade office tower in the city to be fully leased.
When the tower was completed, some suggested the tower was too far west in the central business district.
However, the securing of WAPET (now Chevron Australia) as a tenant in QV.1 was regarded as a turning point for the precinct, and helped to establish the west end of the CBD as a resources sector.
For many years the roof of the building has been used as a base from which to launch fireworks shells in the city's annual Lotterywest Skyworks fireworks display on Australia Day.
Also, following the death of the tower's architect Harry Seidler on 9 March 2006, a powerful light was temporarily installed on the roof of QV.1 to shine a beam into the sky as a memorial.
The BTA Property Trust sold its half-stake in the building in 1998 to corporate stablemate BT Office Trust for $130.57 million. In 2003 that half-stake was acquired by Investa Property Group, which in 2006 valued QV.1 at $400 million.
Design.
According to architect Harry Seidler, one of the architectural objectives in the design of QV.1 was to minimise the impact of the tower when viewed from Parliament House, and this was addressed by offering a narrow profile to that direction. This was necessary to secure government approval for the construction of the tower within the Parliamentary Precinct. To this end, none of the building's facades point directly towards the Parliament building. On the northern side of the site is a two-level retail plaza featuring an artificial waterfall and pond.
Another of the design briefs identified by Harry Seidler was that the building should employ passive design in order to minimise energy costs. This is achieved through the use of tinted double glazed windows, as well as the installation alongside windows of horizontal and vertical sun shades. The use of sun shades alone was estimated to reduce the building's cooling costs by $70,000 per year.
The building also features separate air-conditioning units for each floor, so that energy does not need to be wasted cooling or heating unoccupied floors. This can lead to substantial energy savings because in Perth's warm climate cooling costs can account for 60 to 70% of total building energy consumption.
The tower has a reinforced concrete core, measuring on each side, which bears lateral forces including wind loading.
The perimeter of the building features reinforced concrete support columns spaced apart, and there are no internal columns within floors. The perimeter columns and the core support clear span post-tensioned beams apart, with concrete slabs spanning between them. These beams are terminated slightly short so that they can be used as mechanical ducts. Some floors feature landscaped balcony gardens on their south faces, and the top floors feature two tiers of luxurious penthouse offices with landscaped terraces.
The main entrance to QV.1 from St Georges Terrace features a set of stone-clad hyperboloid supports that carry the loads of the two perimeter columns which terminate above them on the third floor. The lowest two office floors are mezzanines so that the ceiling in the lobby is an imposing high. The St Georges Terrace entrance is also protected from the elements by a flowing suspended glass canopy. The building is clad with polished granite.
The modernist building was criticised for being "Perth's most ugly building" and "a giant Lego block", but architect Harry Seidler described QV.1 as "the best building he had ever built".
Awards.
Awards which have been won by QV.1 include:

</doc>
<doc id="19588154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588154" title="Fadi Ghandour">
Fadi Ghandour

Fadi Ghandour is the Founder and Vice Chairman of Aramex where he served for 30 years as the company’s CEO. Aramex is one of the leading global logistics and transportation companies.
Fadi is also the co-Founder and Director of MENA Venture Investments, a seed capital investment company investing in early stage tech companies in the MENA region. He is a member of the Board of Abraaj Capital, and the Chairman of WAMDA.com, an entrepreneurship support platform for the MENA region. He is a Member of the Board of Trustees at the American University of Beirut. He is a Member of the Board of Yemeksepeti a leading Turkish ecommerce company and Founding Investor in Maktoob.com sold to Yahoo in 2009.
Fadi also serves as a board member of Oasis 500, a leading early stage and seed investment company in Jordan that provides entrepreneurship training, mentorship guidance, incubation and additional follow-up investment funds.
Furthermore, he is the Chairman of the Advisory Council of the Center for Entrepreneurial Development (CED) at the Institute of Business Administration Karachi (IBA); one of the best Business and IT institutes in Pakistan.
Fadi is passionate about social entrepreneurship. He is the Founder and Chairman of Ruwwad for Development, a regional private sector-led community empowerment initiative that helps disadvantaged communities overcome marginalization through youth activism, civic engagement, and education, and provides access to capital for microbusinesses in marginalized communities. He is also the Founder and Chairman of Ruwwad Micro-Venture Capital Fund which provides training, mentorship and access to capital for microbusinesses in marginalized communities. He is a member of the Dean’s Advisory Council of the Columbia University School of Social Work. He serves as a Regional Board Member of Injaz Al Arab, an organization that aims to equip students with entrepreneurial, leadership and practical business-related skills.
Ghandour recently launched Corporate Entrepreneurship Responsibility, CER a collaborative movement which aims to lobby, mobilize and organize private sector efforts in building entrepreneurial ecosystems in the MENASA region.

</doc>
<doc id="19588157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588157" title="Walter of Pattishall">
Walter of Pattishall

Walter of Pattishall (d. 1231/2) was a British justice and administrator. He was the eldest son of Simon of Pattishall, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and elder brother of High of Pattishall, Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield. He inherited lands in Northamptonshire, Buckinghamshire, Lincolnshire, Yorkshire and elsewhere, and as a result of his marriage to Margery, daughter of Richard d'Argentan, he acquired lands in Bedfordshire. He followed his fathers footsteps and became a justice, although with less success. His first appointment is as an itinerant justice in the South Midlands between 1218 and 1219, followed by occasional service as a royal justice, sitting for the last time in June 1231.
Although not a successful justice, he was appointed High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire on 18 January 1224 to replace Falkes de Breauté, who was becoming increasingly unpopular in the royal court. Following de Breauté's rebellion in 1224, culminating in the successful siege of Bedford Castle, Pattishall, along with Henry of Braybrooke, was ordered in the name of the king to demolish the castle. This caused an issue of loyalties, as both Pattishall and Braybrooke were vassals of William de Beauchamp, who owned the barony of Bedford and held the position of hereditary constable of the castle, but ultimately their loyalty to the king won out and the castle was demolished. Pattishall was replaced as High Sheriff on 5 September 1228, and was certainly dead by August 1232; he may have been dead by August 1231. He was survived by his wife and his son, Sir Simon of Pattishall.

</doc>
<doc id="19588196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588196" title="Force structure">
Force structure

A Force structure is the combat-capable part of a military organisation which describes how military personnel, and their weapons and equipment, are organised for the operations, missions and tasks expected from them by the particular doctrine of the service or demanded by the environment of the conflict. 
Force structuring considers the allocation of officers and other service men and women, their skills, and the relationship between their military units required to provide mutual support during military operations as a military capability of the armed forces in part or as a whole. The totality of the force structure committed to any given military operation, mission or task is called an order of battle. 
Another important part of the force structure planning is how the command structure is organised within the order of battle will not reflect the force structure, but the forces command hierarchy and their relative deployment within the Theatre of Military Operations, during operational manoeuvre, or in the Tactical Area of Responsibility.
The adaptability of any force's force structure is usually tested in wartime to reflect changing nature of warfare, and therefore military doctrine, it usually entails for the participants. Force structure is also often shaped by forces of necessity when there is a lack of trained personnel, experience or appropriate equipment. David Glantz in his "When Titans Clash" provides an example of how the Red Army after three years of retreats, massive losses, steep learning curves, maturation and regaining the initiative identified this process of change in force structure by "The 1944 Field Regulations of the Red Army", or "Ustav", formalised their experiences of 1943, including the artillery and the air offensives for the ground forces. Importantly, the 1944 "Ustav" "stressed the importance of maneuver, surprise, and initiative, three hallmarks of interwar German and Soviet theory". This reflected a continuation of the a steady growth in mechanised force structure pursued by the Red Army since the 1930s, and when "Khalkhin-Gol demonstrated the viability of Soviet theory and force structure".
Currently changes in force structure can be caused not only by changes in forms of warfare and doctrine, but also rapid change in technology and budgetary considerations based on the wider national economy.

</doc>
<doc id="19588207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588207" title="Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board">
Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board

Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board is an organization of Government of Andhra Pradesh.
It was established on January 24, 1976 to control Water pollution in Andhra Pradesh. The additional responsibility to control Air pollution was given in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19588210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588210" title="Technopoly">
Technopoly

Technopoly: The Surrender of Culture to Technology is a book by Neil Postman published in 1992 that describes the development and characteristics of a "technopoly". He defines a technopoly as a society in which technology is deified, meaning “the culture seeks its authorisation in technology, finds its satisfactions in technology, and takes its orders from technology”. It is characterised by a surplus of information generated by technology, which technological tools are in turn employed to cope with, in order to provide direction and purpose for society and individuals.
Postman considers technopoly to be the most recent of three kinds of cultures distinguished by shifts in their attitude towards technology – tool-using cultures, technocracies, and technopolies. Each, he says, is produced by the emergence of new technologies that "compete with old ones…mostly for dominance of their worldviews".
Tool-using culture.
According to Postman, a tool-using culture employs technologies only to solve physical problems, as spears, cooking utensils, and water mills do, and to "serve the symbolic world" of religion, art, politics and tradition, as tools used to construct cathedrals do. He claims that all such cultures are either theocratic or "unified by some metaphysical theory", which forced tools to operate within the bounds of a controlling ideology and made it "almost impossible for technics to subordinate people to its own needs".
Technocracy.
In a technocracy, rather than existing in harmony with a theocratic world-view, tools are central to the "thought-world" of the culture. Postman claims that tools "attack culture… bid to become culture", subordinating existing traditions, politics, and religions. Postman cites the example of the telescope destroying the Judeo-Christian belief that the Earth is the centre of the solar system, bringing about a "collapse…of the moral centre of gravity in the West".
Postman characterises a technocracy as compelled by the "impulse to invent", an ideology first advocated by Francis Bacon in the early 17th Century. He believed that human beings could acquire knowledge about the natural world and use it to "improve the lot of mankind", which led to the idea of invention for its own sake and the idea of progress. According to Postman, this thinking became widespread in Europe from the late 18th Century.
However, a technocratic society remains loosely controlled by social and religious traditions, he clarifies. For instance, he states that the United States remained bound to notions of "holy men and sin, grandmothers and families, regional loyalties and two-thousand-year-old traditions" at the time of its founding.
Postman defines technopoly as a "totalitarian technocracy", which demands the "submission of all forms of cultural life to the sovereignty of technique and technology". Echoing Ellul’s 1964 conceptualisation of technology as autonomous, "self-determinative" independently of human action, and undirected in its growth, technology in a time of Technopoly actively eliminates all other ‘thought-worlds’. Thus, it reduces human life to finding meaning in machines and technique.
This is exemplified, in Postman’s view, by the computer, the "quintessential, incomparable, near-perfect" technology for a technopoly. It establishes sovereignty over all areas of human experience based on the claim that it "'thinks' better than we can".
Values of "technological theology".
A technopoly is founded on the belief that technique is superior to lax, ambiguous and complex human thinking and judgement, in keeping with one of Frederick W. Taylor’s ‘Principles of scientific management’. It values efficiency, precision, and objectivity.
It also relies upon the "elevation of information to a metaphysical status: information as both the means and end of human creativity". The idea of progress is overcome by the goal of obtaining information for its own sake. Therefore, a technopoly is characterised by a lack of a cultural coherence or a "transcendent sense of purpose or meaning".
Postman attributes the origins of technopoly to ‘scientism’, the belief held by early social scientists including Auguste Comte that the practices of natural and social science would reveal the truth of human behaviour and provide "an empirical source of moral authority".
Consequences of technopoly.
Postman refers to Harold Innis’ concept of "knowledge monopolies" to explain the manner in which technology usurps power in a technopoly. New technologies transform those who can create and use them into an "elite group", a knowledge monopoly, which is granted "undeserved authority and prestige by those who have no such competence". Subsequently, Postman claims, those outside of this monopoly are led to believe in the false "wisdom" offered by the new technology, which has little relevance to the average person.
Telegraphy and photography, he states, redefined information from something that sought out to solve particular problems to a commodity that is potentially irrelevant to the receiver. Thus, in technopoly, "information appears indiscriminately, directed at no one in particular, in enormous volume at high speeds, and disconnected from theory, meaning, or purpose".
In the U.S. technopoly, excessive faith and trust in technology and quantification has led to absurdies such as an excess of medical tests in lieu of a doctor's judgment, treatment-induced illnesses (‘iatrogenics’), scoring in beauty contests, and an emphasis on exact scheduling in academic courses. and the interpretation of individuals through "invisible technologies" like IQ tests, opinion polls, and academic grading, which leave out meaning or nuance. If bureaucracies implement their rules in computers, it can happen that the computer's output is decisive, the original social objective is treated as irrelevant, and the prior decisions about what the computer system says is not questioned in practice when it should be. The author criticizes the use of metaphors characterizing people as information-processing machines or vice versa—e.g. that people are "programmed" or "de-programmed" or "hard-wired", or "the computer believes ..."; these metaphors are "reductionist".
A technopoly also trivialises significant cultural and religious symbols through their endless reproduction. Postman echoes Jean Baudrillard in this view, who theorises that "technique as a medium quashes…the ‘message’ of the product (its use value)", since a symbol’s "social finality gets lost in seriality".
Criticism of "Technopoly".
Technological determinism.
Postman's argument stems from the premise that the uses of a technology are determined by its characteristics – "its functions follow from its form". This draws on Marshall McLuhan's theory that "the medium is the message" because it controls the scale and form of human interaction. Hence, Postman claims that once introduced, each technology "plays out its hand", leaving its users to be, in Thoreau’s words, "tools of our tools".
According to Tiles and Oberdiek, this pessimistic understanding of pervasive technology renders individuals "strangely impotent". David Croteau and William Hoynes criticise such technologically deterministic arguments for underestimating the agency of a technology’s users. Russell Neuman suggests that ordinary people skilfully organise, filter, and skim information, and actively “seek out” information rather than feeling overwhelmed by it.
It has also been argued that technologies are shaped by social factors more so than by their inherent properties. Star suggests that Postman neglects to account for the "actual development, adaptation and regulation of technology".
Values.
According to Tiles and Oberdiek, pessimistic accounts of technology overriding culture are based on a particular vision of human values. They emphasise "artistic creativity, intellectual culture, development of interpersonal relations, or religion as being the realms in which human freedom finds expression and in which human fulfilment is to be found". They suggest that technological optimists merely adhere to an alternative worldview that values the "exercise of reason in the service of free will" and the ability of technological developments to "serve human ends".
Science and ideology.
Postman’s characterisation of technology as an ideological being has also been criticised. He refers to the "god" of technopolists speaking of "efficiency, precision, objectivity", and hence eliminating the notions of sin and evil which exist in a separate "moral universe". Stuart Weir argues that technologies are "not ideological beings that take…near-anthropomorphic control of people’s loves, beliefs and aspirations". He in fact suggests that new technologies have had remarkably little effect on pre-existing human beliefs.
Persistence of old world ideologies.
Postman speaks of technological change as "ecological…one significant change generates total change". Hence, technopoly brought about by communications technologies must result in a drastic change in the beliefs of a society, such that prior "thought worlds" of ritual, myth, and religion cannot exist. Star conversely argues that new tools may create new environments, but do "not necessarily extinguish older beliefs or the ability to act pragmatically upon them".
Reviews.
Gonzaga University professor Paul De Palma wrote for the technology journal "SIGCAS" in March 1995 praising "the elegant little book". He also remarked:

</doc>
<doc id="19588252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588252" title="The English School of Kyrenia">
The English School of Kyrenia

The English School of Kyrenia is a new school that attempts to meet the educational needs of Northern Cyprus combining the traditional values of the English education system with the modern facilities required for success in the 21st century. Facilities for supporting learning are joined by facilities for sport and the creative arts. 
The Prep and Pre-Prep School opened in September 2008. For the academic year 2008-9, the school was housed in a historical building located next to the Archive Offices near the centre of Kyrenia. 
A brand-new purpose-built school is under construction in Bellapais. The school and its campus will provide the most up-to-date and extensive facilities of any school on the island, north or south. The new buildings will open for both Primary and Secondary pupils of all ages from September 2009.
The school curriculum in the Early Years encourages the development of active and inquisitive learning. Children are guided to become independent learners through their home language (Turkish) and English. 
Classes are in English to enable pupils to gain fluency, whether as a first or second language. There is also a tutor who teaches Turkish formally to the older children regularly throughout the week. By the end of the pre-prep school the aim is for pupils to be able to converse comfortably in both languages. 
In the Pre-Prep school the children follow the Early Years Foundation Stage Curriculum. As they move to the Prep classes they transfer to the Cambridge International Primary Programme supported by the British National Curriculum. The Senior School curriculum from September 2009 will prepare for entrance to universities in Europe, including the UK, and North America, through the International Baccalaureate programme.

</doc>
<doc id="19588309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588309" title="2008–09 Maltese FA Trophy">
2008–09 Maltese FA Trophy

The Maltese Cup 2008–09 is the 72nd season since its establishment. It features 20 teams from Maltese Premier League and First Division. The competition started on October 25, 2008 and will end on May 30, 2009 with the Final. The defending champions are Birkirkara.
Results.
When the draw was conducted four teams received a bye to the Quarterfinals. Birkirkara received a bye because they won the 2007–08 Maltese Cup. Other three teams qualifying directly to the Quarterfinals are Valletta, Marsaxlokk and Sliema Wanderers, for being (except Birkirkara) three best-placed teams in last year's Premier League.
First Round.
In the First Round entered Premier League teams placed 4th to 10th and 10 First Division teams. The matches were played on October 25, 26, November 1 and 2, 2008.
Second Round.
In this round entered winners from the previous round. The matches were played on November 8 and 9, 2008.
Quarterfinals.
In this round entered winners from the previous round and four teams that had received a bye. The matches were played on February 7, 2009. All 8 teams from this round were from the Premier League. Marsaxlokk, Birkirkara, Valletta and Sliema won their ties and advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The matches were played on March 7 and 8, 2009. Holders Birkirkara met the same team they met the previous year, Valletta. But this time they lost and it was Valletta who reached the final. In the other semifinal Sliema beat Marsaxlokk 4–3 on penalties after the match finished in a 1–1 draw.
Final.
The final was played on May 29, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19588327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588327" title="Koritno, Bled">
Koritno, Bled

Koritno () is a settlement in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19588337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588337" title="TOZ-17">
TOZ-17

The TOZ-17 is a Soviet bolt-action .22 Long Rifle rifle made by the TOZ firearms company, intended for professional and amateur hunting and sport shooting.
Technical detail.
In Soviet tradition, the design is simple but strong and functional. The rifle is well built and accurate. The barrel length is not as long as most standard rifles, as it is a more carbine-style rifle. The bore is anodized; which makes for a long lasting rifle.
The rifles commonly came with a 5-round detachable magazine. The magazines are hard to come by as few modern copies of the magazine have been produced.
The standard model 17 has the bolt with a rear safety similar to BSA rifle as the BSA Sportsman.
The receiver has a standard dovetail mount for allowing a scope, but requires high rings to allow the scope to clear the rear sight.
The length of pull for the stock is standard for a carbine-style rifle.
These rifles were produced in the USSR and thus most are stamped "Made in Soviet Union". Other standard markings include the stamp of the Tula Arsenal and a serial number.
The rifle has been updated to become the TOZ-78, available in both semi-automatic and bolt action.
Users.
It is known for being accurate and is common in the USA, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19588342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588342" title="Ludvig Larsen Kragtorp">
Ludvig Larsen Kragtorp

Ludvig Larsen Kragtorp (14 November 1862 - ??) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1907 from the constituency "Eidsberg", and was re-elected in 1910 and 1913.
Born in Rødenes, he enrolled as a student in 1884 and graduated as cand.med. in 1892. He first opened his own physician's office in Høland in 1893, but then worked as municipal physician in Spydeberg from 1893 to 1912. He was the mayor of Spydeberg from 1904 to 1907, having been a member of the municipal council. He also chaired the school board from 1899 to 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="19588349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588349" title="Cameron van der Burgh">
Cameron van der Burgh

Cameron van der Burgh (born 25 May 1988 in Pretoria) is a South African swimmer.
He is Africa's first home-trained world record holder and individual male Olympic Champion He trains with Dirk Lange and is based in Pretoria. He has represented South Africa at the 2008 Summer Olympics and at the 2012 Summer Olympics where he won the gold medal at the 100 meter breaststroke in a new world record. He has won numerous World Championship medals since his debut in 2007 when he took a bronze medal. Twice he has won the FINA overall World Cup.
Van der Burgh obtained his first world long-course record (27.06s) in the 50 m breaststroke, in the semifinals at South African nationals in April 2009. Cutting off 0.12 seconds of Oleg Lisogor's old world record set in 2002. He won the world title in the same year at the Rome championship, also in the 50 m breaststroke.
He won the 50m breaststroke at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in a time of 27.18 seconds in a new games record and the 100m world title at the 2010 short course world championships. He won the 100m breaststroke gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in a new world record time of 58.46 seconds, and paid tribute to late world champion Alexander Dale Oen afterwards. Van der Burgh later admitted to breaking the rules by utilizing illegal dolphin kicks during the race which was confirmed by video replays showing Van der Burgh taking three dolphin kicks. Subsequently FINA have suggested they may consider underwater video evidence to judge results, although van der Burgh's results and medal are not under threat.
Life outside the pool.
Van der Burgh went to Glenstantia Primary as a young boy but matriculated at Crawford college in 2006 He now studies Financial Management through UNISA part-time and is interested in becoming an entrepreneur after his swimming career. Cameron since the London Olympics has received various awards including South African Style Icon 2012 GQ 7th best dressed man 2012, and has gone on to make various magazine covers and appeared in South African TV shows. He has made many appearances around the country giving motivational speeches and attending gala dinners. He has been linked to a few charities and recently fed underprivileged kids in Alexandria with his Olympic earnings
Sponsors.
Cameron has signed many lucrative endorsement deals since the London Olympics. These include Arena Investec Audi USN Tag Heuer with his most recent being a four year deal with multi-brand corporation Procter & Gamble as the new Head and Shoulders ambassador joining the likes of Michael Phelps, Lionel Messi and Jenson Button and estimates to be earning between $200 000 to $400 000 per annum

</doc>
<doc id="19588364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588364" title="Herbert Weld Blundell">
Herbert Weld Blundell

Herbert Joseph Weld Blundell (1852–1935) was an English traveller in Africa, archaeologist, philanthropist and yachtsman. He shortened his surname from Weld Blundell to Weld, in 1924.
Life to 1922.
He was educated at Stonyhurst College. He travelled to Persia in 1891, then for a decade 1894 to 1905 in North Africa and East Africa. He was a correspondent for the "Morning Post" during the Second Boer War. Expeditions included
In 1921-1922 he presented the Weld Blundell Collection to the University of Oxford.
From 1923.
He backed a 1923 expedition to the Yemen, and the Field Museum-Oxford University Joint Expedition to Mesopotamia (Kish).
In 1923 he married Theodora Mclaren-Morrison, who died in 1928. In the same year he inherited Lulworth Castle, from a cousin, Reginald Joseph Weld Blundell. In 1928, on the death of Reginald's brother Humphrey, he inherited the rest of the Lulworth Estate, of the Weld-Blundell family.
In 1923 he started campaigning against Army use of Bindon Hill as a firing range, the beginning of the long conflict that centred on the fate of Tyneham and other parts of the Lulworth Estate. From 1924 he owned a large yacht, S/Y "Lulworth". It was a prominent racing craft of its time, competing 28 times in 1925 and always placing in the first three.
In 1929, Weld's intention to sell two family heirlooms, the Luttrell Psalter and the Bedford Book of Hours at Sotheby's came up against a legal issue, when just three days before these famous illuminated manuscripts were due to go under the hammer, it was discovered by British Museum lawyers that they and all the heirlooms and 'chattels' in Lulworth Castle were apparently the property of Mrs Mary Angela Noyes, née Mayne, wife of the poet Alfred Noyes, earlier married to Richard Shireburn Weld-Blundell, the Weld-Blundell heir who had been killed in 1916. Weld went to court, but his appeal was rejected only a few hours before the sale. The British Museum then purchased both manuscripts from Mrs Noyes with a loan from John Pierpont Morgan. Later in 1929 Lulworth Castle was badly damaged by fire, and some of the disputed heirlooms were burned.

</doc>
<doc id="19588384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588384" title="Arnt Severin Ulstrup">
Arnt Severin Ulstrup

Arnt Severin Ulstrup (24 September 1862 - ??) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1910 from the constituency "Østerrisør", and was re-elected in 1913.
Born in Brekkestø, he enrolled as a student in 1883 and graduated as cand.med. in 1890. He first opened his own physician's office in Lillesand, in 1890, but moved to Risør in 1891 and became town physician there in 1910. He was a member of Risør city council, and was also director of the local savings bank for some time.

</doc>
<doc id="19588385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588385" title="Mampathy">
Mampathy

Mampathy is a small village in between Santhipuram and Koothrapally, or between Santhipuram and Karukachal. Nearest colonies are Kizhuvattu colony, Inchakuzhiyil colony and Kuttickal colony. You can find three shops over there in Mampathy. One belongs to Thengolil thankachan, at the center of Mampathy. Another one at the boundary of Mampathy, belongs to Pediakal Manoj & family. Third one is at the other end and belongs to Jose Kutty, he is teacher also. Over 100 families staying here in this area. This area comes around 1 km diameter. Accessibility wise you can reach here from Karukachal or Koothrappally or Thiruvalla. There is a bus running. through Mampathy, connecting all these places.
History.
In the early 19th century, this place was completely forest, and belonged to two three families. Over years all kind of people migrated to this place and now over 100 families are staying in this small area. Initially this area was populated with Hindu Nair castes, but now its equally balanced with all kinds of castes and religions except Muslims.
Facilities.
Nearest schools are:
Nearest hospitals are:
Nearest Railway Stations are:

</doc>
<doc id="19588389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19588389" title="Kupljenik">
Kupljenik

Kupljenik () is a village in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The village church is dedicated to Saint Stephen.

</doc>
