<doc id="19698336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698336" title="Battle of Jenin">
Battle of Jenin

The Battle of Jenin (April 1–11, 2002), also known as the Jenin Massacre, took place in the Jenin refugee camp in the West Bank. Israel Defense Forces (IDF) entered the camp, and other areas under the administration of the Palestinian Authority, during the Second Intifada, as part of Operation Defensive Shield. The Jenin camp was targeted after Israel alleged that it had "served as a launch site for numerous terrorist attacks against both Israeli civilians and Israeli towns and villages in the area."
The IDF employed infantry, commando forces, and assault helicopters. Palestinian militants had prepared for a fight, booby trapping the camp, and after an Israeli column walked into an ambush, the army began to rely more heavily on the use of armored bulldozers to clear out booby traps laid inside the camp. On April 11, Palestinian militants began to surrender. Israeli troops began withdrawing from the camp on April 18.
Jenin remained sealed throughout the invasion and claims of a massacre were circulated in the mass media by Palestinian officials. Stories of hundreds of civilians being killed in their homes as they were demolished spread throughout international media. Subsequent investigations found no evidence to substantiate claims of a massacre, and official totals from Palestinian and Israeli sources confirmed between 52 and 54 Palestinians, mostly gunmen, and 23 IDF soldiers as having been killed in the fighting. 
Background.
The Jenin refugee camp was established in 1953 within Jenin's municipal boundaries on land that the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) leased from the government of Jordan. Covering an area of 0.423 square kilometers, in 2002, it was home to 13,055 UNRWA registered Palestinian refugees. Most of the camp's residents originally hail from the Carmel mountains and region of Haifa, and many maintain close ties with their relatives inside the Green Line. Other camp residents include Palestinians from Gaza and Tulkarm who moved into the area in the late 1970s, and those who came from Jordan after the establishment of the Palestinian Authority (PA) with the signing of the Oslo Accords in 1993.
Israel considered the influence of Islamist organizations in the camp to be relatively mild, compared to other camps. Organizational affiliations in the camp differed from those of the city, in that they were based mostly on who could provide financial support, rather than on ideology. Camp militants repelled attempts by PA seniors to exercise authority in the camp. In a February 2002 show of force, residents burned seven vehicles that were sent by the governor of Jenin and opened fire on the PA men. Ata Abu Rumeileh was designated the chief security officer of the camp by its residents. He oversaw access to the entrances to the camp, instituted roadblocks, investigated "suspicious characters" and kept unwanted strangers away.
Known to Palestinians as "the martyrs' capital", the camp's militants, some 200 armed men, included members of Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Tanzim, Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) and Hamas. By Israel's count, at least 28 suicide bombers were dispatched from the Jenin camp from 2000 to 2003 during the Second Intifada. One of the key planners for several of the attacks was Mahmoud Tawalbe, who worked in a record store while also heading the local PIJ cell. Israeli army weekly "Bamahane" attributes at least 31 militant attacks, totaling 124 victims, to Jenin during the same period, more than any other city in the West Bank.
Prior to the undertaking of the Israeli operation the IDF Spokesman attributed 23 suicide bombings and 6 attempted bombings to Palestinians from Jenin. Major attacks and suicide bombings linked by Israel to Palestinian militant groups in Jenin included the Matza restaurant suicide bombing. The Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs attributed attacks to Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and Fatah.
Prelude.
Israel's Operation Defensive Shield began on March 29 with an incursion into Ramallah, followed by Tulkarem and Qalqilya on April 1, Bethlehem on April 2, and Jenin and Nablus on April 3. By this date, six Palestinian cities and their surrounding towns, villages, and refugee camps, had been occupied by the IDF.
Limited Israeli forces had entered the camp along a single route twice in the previous month; they encountered heavy resistance and quickly withdrew. Unlike other camps, the organizations in Jenin had a joint commander: Hazem Ahmad Rayhan Qabha, known as "Abu Jandal," an officer in the Palestinian National and Islamic Forces who had fought in Lebanon, served in the Iraqi Army, and who had been involved in several encounters with the IDF. He set up a war room and divided the camp into fifteen sub-sectors, deploying about twenty armed men in each. During the battle, he began calling himself "The Martyr Abu Jandal".
Since the previous Israeli withdrawal, Palestinian militants had prepared by boobytrapping both the town and camp's streets in a bid to trap Israeli soldiers. Following his surrender to Israeli forces, Thabet Mardawi, an Islamic Jihad fighter, said that Palestinian fighters had spread "between 1000 and 2000 bombs and booby traps" throughout the camp, some big ones for tanks (weighing as much as 113 kilograms), most others the size of water bottles. "Omar the Engineer", a Palestinian bombmaker, said that some 50 homes were booby trapped: "We chose old and empty buildings and the houses of men who were wanted by Israel because we knew the soldiers would search for them." More powerful bombs with remote detonators were placed inside trash bins in the street and inside the cars of wanted men. Omar said that everyone in the camp, including children, knew where the explosives were located, and noted that this constituted a major weakness to their defenses, since during the Israeli incursion, the wires to more than a third of the bombs were cut by soldiers guided by collaborators.
After an IDF action in Ramallah in March resulted in television broadcast footage that was considered unflattering, the IDF high command decided not to allow reporters to join the forces. Like other cities targeted in Defensive Shield, Jenin was declared a "closed military zone" and placed under curfew before the entrance of Israeli troops, remaining sealed off throughout the invasion. Water and electricity supplies to the city were also cut off and remained unavailable to residents throughout.
According to Efraim Karsh, before the fighting started, the IDF used loudspeakers broadcasting in Arabic to urge the locals to evacuate the camp, and he estimates that some 11,000 left. Stephanie Gutmann also noted that the IDF used bullhorns and announcements in Arabic to inform the residents of the invasion, and that the troops massed outside the camp for a day because of rain. She estimated that 1,200 remained in the camp, but that it was impossible to tell how many of them were fighters. After the battle, Israeli intelligence estimated that half the population of noncombatants had left before the invasion, and 90% had done so by the third day, leaving around 1,300 people. Others estimated that 4,000 people had remained in the camp. Some camp residents reported hearing the Israeli calls to evacuate, while others said they did not. Many thousands did leave the camp, with women and children usually permitted to move into the villages in the surrounding hills or the neighbouring city. However, the men who left were almost all temporarily detained. Instructed by Israeli soldiers to strip before they were taken away, journalists who entered Jenin following the invasion remarked that heaps of discarded clothing in the ruined streets showed where they were taken into custody.
As the fighting started, Ali Safouri, a commander of the Islamic Jihad's Al-Quds Brigades in the camp, said: "We have prepared unexpected surprises for the enemy. We are determined to pay him back double, and teach him a lesson he will not forget… We will attack him on the home front, in Jerusalem, in Haifa, and in Jaffa, everywhere. We welcome them, and we have prepared a special graveyard in the Jenin camp for them. We swore on the martyrs that we would place a curfew on the Zionist cities and avenge every drop of blood spilled upon our sacred land. We call on the soldiers of Sharon to refuse his orders, because entering the camp… the capital of the martyrs' [operations, will, Allah willing, be the last thing they do in their lives".
The Israeli command sent in three thrusts consisting mainly of the reservist 5th Infantry Brigade from the town of Jenin to the north, as well as a company of the Nahal Brigade from the southeast and Battalion 51 of the Golani Brigade from the southwest. The force of 1,000 troops also included Shayetet 13 and Duvdevan Unit special forces, the Armoured Corps, and Combat Engineers with armored bulldozer for neutralizing the roadside bombs that would line the alleys of the camp according to Military Intelligence. Anticipating the heaviest resistance in Nablus, IDF commanders sent two regular infantry brigades there, assuming they could take over the Jenin camp in 48–72 hours with just the one reservist brigade. The force's entry was delayed until April 2 due to rain. The 5th Infantry Brigade did not have any experience in close quarters combat and did not have a commander when Operation Defensive Shield started, since the last commander's service ended a few days earlier. His substitute was a reserve officer, Lieutenant Colonel Yehuda Yedidia, who got his rank after the operation began. His soldiers were not trained for urban fighting.
Battle.
Israeli forces entered Jenin on April 2. On the first day, reserve company commander Moshe Gerstner was killed in a PIJ sector. This caused a further delay. By April 3, the city was secured, but the fighting in the camp was just beginning. Israeli sources say that the IDF incursion into the camp relied primarily on infantry to minimize civilian casualties, but interviews with eyewitnesses suggest that tanks and helicopters were also used in the first two days. In Pierre Rehov's documentary "The Road to Jenin", a Palestinian doctor claimed that on the second day, the city's hospital was hit by eleven tank shells. However, both Rehov's film and Richard Landes's 2005 film "Pallywood", the supposed hits shown on Jenin hospital were compared to an actual building hit by Merkava tank shelling, suggesting that the supposed hit marks were staged.
To reach the camp, a Caterpillar D-9 armored bulldozer drove along a three-quarter-mile stretch of the main street to clear it of booby traps. An Israeli Engineering Corps officer logged 124 separate explosions set off by the bulldozer. A Fatah leader in the camp later said that it was only when his forces saw the Israelis advancing on foot that they decided to stay and fight.
On the third day, the Palestinians were still dug in, defying Israeli expectations, and by then seven Israeli soldiers had been killed. Mardawi later testified to having killed two of them from close range, using an M-16. As the IDF advanced, the Palestinians fell back to the heavily defended camp center – the Hawashin district. AH-1 Cobra helicopters were used to strike Palestinian positions on rooftops using wire-guided missiles, and about a dozen armored D-9 bulldozers were deployed, widening alleys, clearing paths for tanks, and detonating booby traps. Palestinians said that Israeli troops rode atop the bulldozers and fired rocket propelled grenades.
On April 6, Mahmoud Tawallbe and two other militants went into a house so as to get close enough to a tank or armored D-9 bulldozer to plant a bomb. Tawallbe and another militant were killed during the action. A British military expert working in the camp for Amnesty International reported that a D9 driver saw him, and subsequently rammed a wall down onto him and one of his fighters. The Islamic Jihad website announced that Tawallbe had died when he blew up in his booby-trapped home on the Israeli soldiers inside it, and that he "had thwarted all attempts by the occupation to evacuate the camp residents to make it easier for the Israelis to destroy camp on the heads of the fighters." On that same day, IDF attack helicopters reportedly increased their missile attacks, which slowed but did not cease the next day.
IDF chief of staff (Ramatkal) Shaul Mofaz urged the officers to speed things up. They asked for twenty-four more hours. Mofaz told reporters that the fighting would be complete by the end of the week, April 6. In some of the sectors, the forces were advancing at a rate of fifty meters a day. Israeli intelligence assumed that the vast majority of the camp's residents were still in it. Most commanders argued that this obligated a careful advance for fear of striking civilians, and warned that using excessive force would cost the lives of hundreds of Palestinians. Lieutenant Colonel Ofek Buchris, commander of the 51st Battalion, was left in a minority opinion, saying "We're being humiliated here for four days now". When Mofaz instructed the officers to be more aggressive and fire five antitank missiles at every house before entering, one of them contemplated disobedience. Meanwhile, when asked how long he thought his forces could last given the superiority of the Israeli forces, Abu Jandal said: ""No. That's not true. We have the weapon of surprise. We have the weapon of honor. We have the divine weapon, the weapon of Allah who stands at our side. We have weapons that are better than theirs. I am the one with the truth, and I put my faith in Allah, while they put their faith in a tank".
Buchris continued to employ the tactics of softening up enemy resistance with antitank fire and extensive use of bulldozers, developing a method to expose IDF soldiers to less risk: first, a bulldozer would ram the corner of a house, opening a hole, and then an IDF Achzarit troop carrier would arrive to disembark troops into the house, where they would clear it of any militants found inside. Buchris' battalion was advancing faster than the reserve forces, creating a bridgehead within the camp that attracted most of the Palestinian fire. During the first week of fighting, the battalion suffered five casualties. On April 8, Golani Brigade commander, Colonel Tamir, arrived from Nablus. Having crawled with Buchris to the front line, he warned that the fighting style must be changed completely – call in more troops and perhaps take the command out of the reserve brigade's hand. A total of 30 Palestinians and 2 Israeli soldiers were killed in Jenin on that same day. By evening, division commander Brigadier General Eyal Shlein told his men that the mission must be accomplished by 6:00 PM on April 9. Buchris himself was later badly wounded.
At 6:00 AM on April 9, reserve battalion 7020s support company was ordered to form a new line, west of the former one. Its commander, Major Oded Golomb, set out with a force to take a position in a new house. He strayed from the original path, perhaps for tactical considerations, but failed to report to his commander. The force walked into a Palestinian ambush, finding themselves in an inner courtyard surrounded by tall houses (later nicknamed "the bathtub") and under fire from all directions, and were also attacked by a suicide bomber. Rescue forces from the company and the battalion hurried to the location and were attacked with small-arms fire and explosive charges. The exchange of fire went on for several hours.
A reconnaissance aircraft documented much of the fight and the footage was transmitted live and was watched in the Israeli Central Command war room by the high-ranking officers. Thirteen Israeli soldiers were killed, and the Palestinians managed to snatch three of the bodies and drag them into a nearby house. Colonel Ram, the Shayetet commander who had fought in the camp with his men, quickly assembled a rescue force. Mofaz told him that negotiation over the bodies might force the IDF to halt the operation and get it in trouble similar to the 2000 Hezbollah cross-border raid. On the edge of the alley leading to "the bathtub", Ram questioned the wounded reservists. Finally, he broke with his troops to the nearby house and engaged Palestinian militants, eventually locating the bodies. In the afternoon, all Israeli casualties were evacuated from the area. It became the deadliest day for the IDF since the end of the 1982 Lebanon War.
During that day, the IDF censored reports on the events, leading to a wave of rumors. Partial information leaked through phone calls made by reservists and internet sites. By evening, when Chief of Central Command, Brigadier General Yitzhak Eitan, had a press conference, there were rumors of a helicopter carrying dozens of troops shot down, the death of the Ramatkal's deputy, and a heart attack suffered by the Minister of Defense.
After the ambush, all Israeli forces began to advance by Buchris' tactics, utilizing armored bulldozers and Achzarit APCs in their push. Israeli forces also relied heavily on increased missile strikes from helicopters. Several officers demanded that F-16 jets be sent to bomb the camp, but the IDF High Command refused. The dozen bulldozers and APCs pushed deep into the heart of the camp, flattening a built-up area of 200 square yards, destroying militant strongpoints. Palestinian resistance quickly collapsed, and the remaining militants retreated into the Hawashin neighborhood.
IDF forces then began mopping up the final resistance in the Hawashin neighborhood. At 7:00 AM on April 11, the Palestinians began to surrender. Qabha refused to surrender and was killed, being among the last to die. Zakaria Zubeidi was among the only fighters who did not surrender. He slipped out of the area surrounded by the IDF, moved through the houses and left. Mardawi surrendered along with Ali Suleiman al-Saadi, known as "Safouri", and thirty-nine others. He later said that "There was nothing I could do against that bulldozer".
Battle aftermath.
The battle ended on April 11. Medical teams from Canada, France, and Italy, as well as UN and ICRC officials, with trucks carrying supplies and water waited outside the camp for clearance to enter for days, but were denied entry, with Israel citing ongoing military operations. The first independent observers were granted access to the camp on April 16. Israeli troops began withdrawing from the camp itself on April 18. Tanks ringed the perimeter of the camp for a few more days, but by April 24, Israeli troops had withdrawn from the autonomous zone of Jenin.
Removal of bodies.
The IDF announced that it would not withdraw its troops from the Jenin camp until it had collected the bodies of the Palestinian dead. The army would not confirm Palestinian reports that dozens of bodies had been removed in military trucks, nor would it comment on whether or not there had been burials. 
According to Ha'aretz, some of the bodies had already been removed from the camp by soldiers to a site near Jenin on April 11, but had not yet been buried. Others were said to have been buried by Palestinians during the battle in a mass grave near the hospital on the outskirts of the camp. On the evening of April 11, footage of refrigerator trucks waiting outside the camp to transfer bodies to "terrorist cemeteries" was shown on Israeli TV. On April 12, Ha'aretz reported that, "The IDF intends to bury today Palestinians killed in the West Bank camp ... The sources said two infantry companies, along with members of the military rabbinate, will enter the camp today to collect bodies. Those who can be identified as civilians will be moved to a hospital in Jenin, and then on to burial, while those identified as terrorists will be buried at a special cemetery in the Jordan Valley."
The same day, in response to a petition presented by the Adalah organization, the Israeli High Court ordered the IDF to stop removing the bodies of Palestinians killed in battle until a hearing was held on the matter. MK Ahmed Tibi, one of many signatories to the petition before the court, said that removing the bodies from the city violated international law and was, "intended to hide the truth from the public about the killing that occurred there." Following the court's decision, issued by Supreme Court President Aharon Barak, the IDF stopped clearing the bodies from the camp. It was reported that by the afternoon of April 13, the IDF had determined the location of 23 bodies in the camp which were marked on maps. On April 14, the Supreme Court reversed its decision, and ruled that the bodies could be removed by the IDF. IDF Chief of Staff Shaul Mofaz confirmed to Israeli media on April 14 that the army intended to bury the bodies in the special cemetery.
On April 15, humanitarian aid organizations were granted access to the camp for the first time since the invasion had begun. Palestinian Red Crescent Society and International Committee of the Red Cross staff entered the camp, accompanied by the IDF. Officials from the Red Crescent told lawyer Hassan Jabareen that the IDF did not allow them to move around the camps freely, and that advanced decomposition, as well as the enormous destruction in the camp made it impossible to find and retrieve bodies without the proper equipment. That same day, Adalah and LAW, the Palestinian Society for the Protection of Human Rights and the Environment, filed a petition, asking the Court to order the IDF to immediately hand over the bodies of Palestinians to the Red Cross or the Red Crescent, saying that the bodies of dead Palestinians were being left to rot in the camp.
On April 19, a day after Israeli troops withdrew from the camp, journalists reported counting about 23 bodies that were lined up on the outdoor grounds of the clinic, before being quickly buried by Palestinians.
Tanya Reinhart notes that later Israeli media reports attempted to conceal and reinterpret their intention to transfer the bodies to the special cemetery in the Jordan Valley. As an example, she cites a July 17, 2002 article by Ze'ev Schiff in Ha'aretz which provided a wholly different explanation for the presence of the refrigerator trucks posted outside the city on April 11. Schiff's article said: "Toward the end of the fighting, the army sent three large refrigerator trucks into the city. Reservists decided to sleep in them for their air-conditioning. Some Palestinians saw dozens of covered bodies lying in the trucks and rumors spread that the Jews had filled the trucks full of Palestinian bodies."
Invasion aftermath.
Military analyses.
The Israelis said they have found explosive-making labs and factories for assembling Qassam II rockets. One Israeli special forces commander who fought in the camp said that "the Palestinians were admirably well prepared. They correctly analyzed the lessons of the previous raid". Mardawi told CNN from prison in Israel, that after learning the IDF was going to use troops, and not planes, "It was like hunting ... like being given a prize... The Israelis knew that any soldier who went into the camp like that was going to get killed... I've been waiting for a moment like that for years".
General Dan Harel, Head of the IDF Operations Directorate, said "There were indications it was going to be hard, but we didn't think it was going to be so hard". An internal investigation published by the IDF six months after the battle implicitly cast the responsibility for the death of the thirteen soldiers on the soldiers themselves, for straying from their path unreported. It also said that the focusing on the rescue instead of subduing the enemy complicated things. Buchris was given the Chief of Staff citation.
PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat, who left the compound in Ramallah for the first time in five months on May 14, 2002 to visit Jenin and other West Bank cities affected in Operation Defensive Shield, praised the refugees' endurance and compared the fighting to the Battle of Stalingrad. Addressing a gathering of about 200 people in Jenin, he said: "People of Jenin, all the citizens of Jenin and the refugee camp, this is Jenin-grad. Your battle has paved the way to the liberation of the occupied territories". The battle became known among the Palestinians as "Jeningrad".
Damages.
The BBC reported that ten percent of the camp was "virtually rubbed out by a dozen armoured Israeli bulldozers." David Holley, a Major in the British Territorial Army and a military adviser to Amnesty International, reported that an area within the refugee camp of about 100 m by 200 m was flattened. According to Stephen Graham, the IDF had systematically bulldozed an area measuring 160 by 250 m in the Jenin refugee camp. The Hawashin neighbourhood was levelled. Many residents had no advance warning, and some were buried alive.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) and Amnesty International (AI) reported that an estimated 4,000 people, more than a quarter of the population of the camp, were rendered homeless because of this destruction. HRW listed 140 buildings, most of which housed multiple families, as completely destroyed, and 200 other buildings as sustaining damage rendering them uninhabitable or unsafe for use. AI said complete destruction affected 164 houses with 374 apartment units, and that other buildings had been partially destroyed. Israel said those numbers were exaggerations.
On May 31, 2002 the Israeli newspaper "Yediot Aharonot" published an interview with Moshe Nissim, nicknamed "Kurdi Bear", a D-9 operator who took part in the battle. Nissim said he had driven his D-9 for seventy-five hours straight, drinking whiskey to avoid fatigue, and that apart from a two-hour training before the battle, he had no prior experience in driving a bulldozer. He said he had begged his officers to let him destroy more houses and added: "I didn't see, with my own eyes, people dying under the blade of the D-9. and I didn't see housefalling down on live people. But if there were any, I wouldn't care at all." ... "I hurt about the 13 [Israeli IDF casualties. If we'd have gone into the building of that ambush, we'd have buried all those Palestinians alive. On my mind were only our soldiers. I did not feel pity for the Palestinians who stayed without the houses. I only felt pity for their children, who are not at fault. There was one wounded child shot by Arabs. I speak Arabic. I asked him how he got injured and he said the Palestinians shot him. A medic of Golani units would go down every once in a while to change his bandages until he was evacuated. They were taken care of, the children there. The soldiers gave them candy, the children. But of their fathers and women I did not feel pity. I remembered the image on television of the mother who said she will make children so that they could blow up in Israel."
Casualties.
Reporting of casualty numbers during the invasion varied widely and fluctuated day to day. On April 10, the BBC reported that Israel estimated 150 Palestinians had died in Jenin, and Palestinians were saying the number was far higher. That same day, Saeb Erekat, on a phone interview to CNN from Jericho, estimated that there were a total of 500 Palestinians killed during Operation Defensive Shield, this figure also including fatalities outside of the Jenin camp, in other areas of the West Bank. On April 11, Ben Wedeman of CNN reported that Palestinians were reporting 500 dead, while international relief agencies were saying possibly as many as 200; he noted that his efforts to independently verify the claims had so far come to naught since people were being prevented from entering the camp by Israeli soldiers.
On April 12, Brigadier-General Ron Kitri said on Israeli Army Radio that there are apparently hundreds of Palestinians killed in Jenin. He later retracted this statement. Secretary-General of the Palestinian Authority, Ahmed Abdel Rahman, said that thousands of Palestinians had been killed and buried in mass graves, or lay under houses destroyed in Jenin and Nablus. On April 13, Palestinian Information Minister, Yasser Abed Rabbo, accused Israel killing 900 Palestinians in the camp and burying them in mass graves. On April 14, Ha'aretz reported that the exact number of Palestinian dead was still unknown, but that the IDF placed the toll between 100 and 200. On April 18, Zalman Shoval, adviser to Sharon, said that only about 65 bodies had been recovered, five of them civilians. On April 30, Qadoura Mousa, director of the Fatah for the northern West Bank, said the number of dead was fifty-six.
Based on figures provided by the Jenin hospital and the IDF, the UN report placed the death toll at 52 Palestinian deaths, half of whom were thought to be civilians. In 2004, Haaretz journalists Amos Harel and Avi Isacharoff wrote that 23 Israelis had died and 52 had been wounded; Palestinian casualties were 53 dead, hundreds wounded and about 200 captured. Human Rights Watch reported that at least 52 died of whom at least 22 were civilians and at least 27 were suspected militants . According to retired IDF General Shlomo Gazit, the death toll was 55 Palestinians. Israeli officials estimated that of the 52 dead, 38 had been armed men, while 14 were civilians.
Human Rights Watch reported that at least 52 were killed, at least 27 suspected militants and at least 22 civilians were killed during the IDF incursion, and said that "Many of them were killed willfully or unlawfully, and in some cases constituted war crimes." Examples highlighted in the report include the case of 57-year-old Kamal Zugheir who was shot and then run over by IDF tanks while in his wheelchair, and that of 37-year-old Jamal Fayid, a quadraplegic crushed to death in the rubble of his home after an IDF bulldozer advanced upon it, refusing to allow his family to intervene to remove him. It also documented the killing of a Palestinian militant who had already been wounded. HRW also noted that there were three additional Palestinian deaths, and that it was unknown as to whether they were militants or civilians.
IDF and Israeli government sources, as well as the Jewish Virtual Library. reported that 23 Israeli soldiers were killed and 75 wounded. The UN report also noted that 23 IDF soldiers had been killed. The only exception was retired IDF General Shlomo Gazit, who initially said that 33 soldiers had died in Jenin. This contradicted not only most IDF and other sources, but also IDF figures of 30 Israeli deaths total in Operation Defensive Shield.
Massacre allegations.
The battle attracted widespread international attention due to allegations by Palestinians that a massacre had been committed. Reporters from various international media outlets quoted local residents who described houses being bulldozed with families still inside, helicopters firing indiscriminately into civilian areas, ambulances being prevented from reaching the wounded, summary executions of Palestinians, and stories of bodies being driven away in trucks or left in the sewers and bulldozed. Saeb Erekat, a Palestinian cabinet minister, accused the Israelis of trying to cover up the killing of civilians. The CNN correspondent noted that due to the IDF closure of the camp, there was "no way of confirming" the stories. During and immediately after the battle, the United Nations and several human rights NGOs also expressed concern about the possibility of a massacre. A British forensic expert who was part of an Amnesty International team granted access to Jenin on April 18 said, "the evidence before us at the moment doesn't lead us to believe that the allegations are anything other than truthful and that therefore there are large numbers of civilian dead underneath these bulldozed and bombed ruins that we see."
Israel denied charges of a massacre, and a lone April 9 report in the Israeli press stating Foreign Minister Shimon Peres privately referred to the battle as a "massacre" was immediately followed by a statement from Peres expressing concern that "Palestinian propaganda is liable to accuse Israel that a 'massacre' took place in Jenin rather than a pitched battle against heavily armed terrorists."
Subsequent investigations and reports by the United Nations, Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, Time Magazine, and the BBC all concluded there was no massacre of civilians, with estimated death tolls of 46–55 people among reports by the IDF, the Jenin office of the United Nations, and the Jenin Hospital. A team of four Palestinian-appointed investigators reporting to Fatah numbered total casualties of 56, as disclosed by Kadoura Mousa Kadoura, the director of Yasser Arafat's Fatah movement for the northern West Bank.
The UN report to the Secretary General noted "Palestinians had claimed that between 400 and 500 people had been killed, fighters and civilians together. They had also claimed a number of summary executions and the transfer of corpses to an unknown place outside the city of Jenin. The number of Palestinian fatalities, on the basis of bodies recovered to date, in Jenin and the refugee camp in this military operation can be estimated at around 55." While noting the number of civilian deaths might rise as rubble was cleared, the report continued, "nevertheless, the most recent estimates by UNRWA and ICRC show that the number of missing people is constantly declining as the IDF releases Palestinians from detention." Human Rights Watch completed its report on Jenin in early May, stating "there was no massacre," but accusing the IDF of war crimes, and Amnesty International's report concluded "No matter whose figures one accepts, "there was no massacre." Amnesty's report specifically observed that "after the IDF temporarily withdrew from Jenin refugee camp on April 17, UNRWA set up teams to use the census lists to account for all the Palestinians (some 14,000) believed to be resident of the camp on April 3, 2002. Within five weeks all but one of the residents was accounted for.” A BBC report later noted, "Palestinian authorities made unsubstantiated claims of a wide-scale massacre," and a reporter for the Observer opined that what happened in Jenin was not a massacre.
War crimes allegations.
At the same time, Human rights organizations and some media reports charged Israel with war crimes. In November, Amnesty International reported that there was "clear evidence" that the IDF committed war crimes against Palestinian civilians, including unlawful killings and torture, in Jenin and Nablus. The report also accused Israel of blocking medical care, using people as human shields and bulldozing houses with residents inside, as well as beating prisoners, which resulted in one death, and preventing ambulances and aid organizations from reaching the areas of combat even after the fighting had reportedly been stopped. Amnesty criticized the UN report, noting that its officials did not actually visit Jenin. The Observer reporter, Peter Beaumont, wrote that what happened in Jenin was not a massacre, but that the mass destruction of houses was a war crime. Some reports noted that Israel's restriction of access to Jenin and refusal to allow the UN investigation access to the area were evidence of a coverup, a charge echoed by Mouin Rabbani, Director of the Palestinian American Research Center in Ramallah.
On the other side, Israeli media sources and analysts suggested media bias and propaganda efforts were the source of the allegations. Haaretz editor Hanoch Marmari stated, "some correspondents might have been obsessive in their determination to unearth a massacre in a refugee camp". Mohammed Dajani of Al-Quds University said that the Palestinian Authority wanted "to turn Jenin into an 'Alamo episode'. Here the press was a willing partner they aspired to make Jenin a symbol of resistance to Palestinians". In May 2009, the IDF released a videotape showing what it called "a phony funeral that the Palestinians organized in order to multiply the number of casualties in Jenin," wherein a live person is wrapped in a green sheet and marched in a procession. LAW, the Palestinian Society for the Protection of Human Rights, held a press conference on May 8, disputing the conclusions drawn by Israel. LAW stated that Mohammad Bakri who was in Jenin on April 28, making his documentary film Jenin, Jenin, shot the same footage from the ground, and that it shows a group of children playing "funeral"
near the cemetery. LAW added that, "The media uncritically took up the Israeli spokesmen conclusions, without investigating what the footage actually shows."
Harel and Issacharoff wrote that the IDF's misconduct with the media, including Kitri's statement, contributed to the allegations of massacre. Mofaz later admitted that the limitations imposed on the media were a mistake. Head of the Operations Directorate, General Dan Harel, said: "Today, I would send a reporter in every APC". IDF Spokeswoman, Miri Eisen, said the decision not to allow reporters into the camp was a difficult one: "The press people said 'Listen, the journalists aren't going to like it' and the operational people said 'We don't care about the journalists right now and about our image, we don't want them inside.' It had to do with the way we were working operationally inside the camp. We had infantry coming in from 360 degrees which means that you're firing in all different directions. It's not like a journalist can be on one side or another. It's a very difficult type of combat to coordinate with the forces, let alone with somebody you don't know who's inside."
Lorenzo Cremonesi, the correspondent for the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera in Jerusalem, writes in a 2009 article, that he slipped past the army barricades and entered the Jenin camp on April 13 in 2002. He says the hospital was almost deserted as doctors played cards in the emergency room and that he spoke to 25 lightly wounded patients who told heartrending stories but when asked for names of the dead and urged to show where the bodies were, became evasive. "In short, it was all talk and nothing could be verified," wrote Cremonesi. "At the end of that day, I wrote that the death toll was not more than 50 and most of them were combatants". Cremonesi criticized Israel's exclusion of the media from Jenin and from Gaza during the 2009 war, saying, "If you hide something from me, that means first and foremost that you want to hide it, and secondly, that you have done something wrong."
UN fact-finding mission.
On April 18, as Israeli troops began pulling out of Jenin and Nablus, UN envoy Terje Roed-Larsen entered the camp. He told reporters that the devastation was, "horrific beyond belief," and relayed his view that it was "morally repugnant" that Israel had not allowed emergency workers into the camp after the battle with Palestinian gunmen had ended. On April 19, the United Nations Security Council unanimously passed Resolution 1405 to send a fact-finding mission to Jenin. Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres told Kofi Annan, the UN Secretary-General, that Israel would welcome a UN official "to clarify the facts", saying "Israel has nothing to hide regarding the operation in Jenin. Our hands are clean". Abed Rabbo said the mission was, "the first step toward making Sharon stand trial before an international tribunal".
The composition of the fact-finding team was announced on April 22. Led by former Finnish President, Martti Ahtisaari, the other two members were Cornelio Sommaruga, former president of the International Committee of the Red Cross (controversial in Israel for previous "Red Swastika" remarks), and Sadako Ogata, the former UN high commissioner for refugees who was Japan's special envoy on Afghan reconstruction.
Official Israeli sources expressed surprise that they were not consulted as to the composition of the team, adding that, "We expected that the operational aspects of the fact-finding mission would be carried out by military experts." On April 22, Israeli Defense Minister, Benjamin Ben-Eliezer expressed his disappointment at the team's make-up, and his hope that the mission would not overstep its mandate. Peres asked Annan to deny reports that the mission would look into events outside the refugee camp, and that the findings would have legal validity. Annan said the findings would not be legally binding, and that the mission would only investigate events inside the camp, but may have to interview residents currently displaced outside.
On April 23, Gideon Saar, the cabinet secretary, threatened to ban the team from entering Jenin. In private discussions, Giora Eiland, Major General and Head of the IDF Operation Branch, convinced Shaul Mofaz that the team would ask to investigate officers and soldiers, and that it might accuse Israel of war crimes, paving the way for the sending of an international force. Sharon accepted Eiland and Mofaz's position, and announced Israel's decision that the UN team was no longer acceptable on April 24, citing the lack of military experts. The US rebuked Sharon's decision, and a White House official said, "We were the sponsors of that and we want it implemented as written. We support the initiative of the secretary general."
Annan initially refused to delay the mission. Expressing Israeli sentiment that the world ignored its victims, Ben-Eliezer said: "In the last month alone, 137 people were slaughtered by Palestinians and nearly 700 wounded. Is there any one who is investigating that?" Saeb Erekat accused Israel of "trying to sabotage the mission. I believe that they have a big thing to hide." On April 25, the UN agreed to postpone the arrival of the team by two days, and acceeded to an Israeli request that two military officers be added to the team. Annan said talks with Israel had been, "very, very constructive and I'm sure we'll be able to sort out our differences". Peres said that a delay would give the Israeli cabinet the opportunity to discuss the mission before the team arrived.
Avi Pazner, an Israeli Government spokesman, said he expected the UN mission to investigate "terrorist activity" and guarantee immunity for Israeli soldiers. Israel Radio reported that Israel was also pushing for the right for both sides to review the team's report before its presentation to Annan. Following a lengthy cabinet meeting on April 28, Reuven Rivlin, the Israeli Communications Minister, told reporters that the UN had reneged on its agreements with Israel over the team, and so it would not be allowed to arrive. Speaking for the cabinet, he said that the composition of the team and its terms of reference made it inevitable that its report would blame Israel.
The UN Security Council convened the following day to discuss Israel's decision not to grant entry to the UN team. Meanwhile, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee lobby in Washington was called to pressure Annan and George W. Bush. On April 30, Annan urged that the UN team, which had been waiting in Geneva to start its mission, be disbanded, and it was on May 2. On May 4, Israel was isolated in an open debate in the Security Council. The deputy US ambassador to the UN, James Cunningham, said it was "regrettable" Israel had decided not to cooperate with the fact-finding team. Nasser Al-Kidwa, the Palestinian observer to the UN, said the council failed to give Annan its full support, and had caved to "blackmailing" by the Israeli Government. The General Assembly passed a resolution condemning Israel's military action in Jenin by 74 votes to four, with 54 abstentions. The Bush administration supported Israel as part of a deal in which Sharon agreed to lift the siege of the Mukataa in Ramallah.
Report.
On July 31, the UN issued a report indicating that at that time 52 Palestinians had been killed and that it was possible that as many as half of them were civilians.
Reconstruction.
In the aftermath of the invasion, many camp residents ended up living in temporary shelters elsewhere. The camp itself became the site of intense efforts at documenting, recording and expressing the experiences of those displaced and affected by the incursion. In discussing how to properly honor those who had fallen, one proposal suggested leaving the destruction, at least in the Hawashin neighborhood, exactly as it was, as a memorial and testament to struggle and sacrifice. Camp residents, however, insisted that the camp be rebuilt almost exactly as it had been, while also establishing a museum of memory in the Old Hijaz Railway building. They rejected the proposal of the Israeli housing minister to rebuild the camp at a nearby site with enlarged roads, viewing it as an attempt to erase the political reality of the camps whose existence they see as living testaments to the Nakba of 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="19698347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698347" title="A Message From Earth">
A Message From Earth

A Message from Earth (AMFE) is a high-powered digital radio signal that was sent on 9 October 2008 towards Gliese 581 c, a large terrestrial extrasolar planet orbiting the red dwarf star Gliese 581. The signal is a digital time capsule containing 501 messages that were selected through a competition on the social networking site Bebo. The message was sent using the RT-70 radar telescope of Ukraine's National Space Agency. The signal will reach the planet Gliese 581 c in early 2029. More than half a million people including celebrities and politicians participated in the AMFE project, which was the world's first digital time capsule where the content was selected by the public.
As of November 14, 2013, the message has traveled 48 trillion kilometers (~5 light years) of the total 191 trillion kilometers (20 Light years), which is roughly 25% of the distance to the Gliese 581 system.
Concept and plan.
The idea for the project was raised by Oli Madgett of RDF Digital, who was later put in charge of its implementation. The purpose of the project was to "help capture young people's imaginations and inspire them to think about our own planet earth and humanity's impact upon it." The project was carried out by RDF Digital, a subsidiary of RDF Media Group, in partnership with the social networking site Bebo. RDF Digital originally planned to run the project through a stand-alone website, but later opted for a partnership with Bebo to help it to get more attention and spread the idea quickly. 
The main consultant for the AMFE project was Dr. Alexander L. Zaitsev, an expert in interstellar radio communication and Chief Scientist of the Radio Engineering and Electronics Institute of the Russian Academy of Science.
The messages were selected in a competition hosted by Bebo, which more than 12 million Bebo users were invited to join. They were to be selected later through a web vote. An advanced third party application was developed for the AMFE project, which was integrated in Bebo's social network environment. Using this application, its users submitted text messages and pictures and drew images, which were translated into a binary format. Originally, an idea of interstellar radio message composition by the public, which are using special web site, was suggested by Alexander L. Zaitsev in 2002 in his abstract "METI@home: Messages to ETI from home".
Gliese 581 c, a planet orbiting around the red dwarf star Gliese 581, was chosen as the target of the message. This planet was chosen since it was believed to be capable of supporting life. Gliese 581c is 20 light years away from Earth, and the message would reach the planet in early 2029. The project was funded by advertisements, and the cost of $40,000 was borne by RDF Digital for the transmission which took four and a half hours.
The A Message from Earth mission team in Yevpatoria comprised:
Competition.
The project was launched on August 4, 2008. Bebo invited its users, celebrities and politicians to submit messages and pictures to be included in the digital time capsule. The submissions were expected to "consider the planet from a fresh perspective" and help raise awareness on environmental pressures on Earth.
A vote was held on a dedicated Bebo page to select the 501 messages that were to be included in the digital time capsule, when its users had submitted their messages. This vote was closed on September 30, 2008 and the 501 messages that had received the most votes were chosen to be included.
Public involvement.
More than half a million Bebo users had gotten involved in the competition for selecting the messages, and had uploaded their messages onto the social networking site. Several celebrities were also involved in the project, including Sir Patrick Moore, Deborah Meaden, Gillian Anderson and pop band McFly.
Messages.
501 of the submitted text messages, photographs and drawings were selected to be transmitted in the digital time capsule. These messages were on various topics, such as the contributors' own lives and ambitions, world peace and views of the Earth.
The message also included images of notable landmarks, such as the London Eye and Edinburgh Castle, and of famous people, such as Hillary Clinton, Cheryl Cole and Richard and Judy.
Experts' views on the messages indicated that even though the messages may seem unimportant, they will serve the purpose of conveying the message that there is intelligent life in Earth, if the message is received by alien life.
Zaitsev had also observed that it would be interesting to see young people's views on humanity and Earth. A senior astronomer from the Search for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence Institute in California, Seth Shostak, had observed that it is unimportant whether the aliens who might receive the messages would understand them.
Launch and transmission.
The launching of the composed message as a digital time capsule took place on 9 October 2008, at 06:00 GMT. The message, containing all selected 501 text messages and images, was translated into a binary format and included in the digital time capsule. It was transmitted in a high-powered radio wave emitted from the RT-70 interstellar radiotelescope of the National Space Agency of Ukraine, located in Yevpatoria.
The message, traveling at light speed, passed the Moon in 1.3 seconds and passed Mars in 4 minutes. It had left the solar system within 20 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="19698354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698354" title="Ivar Iversen">
Ivar Iversen

Ivar Iversen (24 August 1914 – 19 August 2012) was a Norwegian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1930s to the late 1940s. He won a gold medal in the K-1 4 x 500 m event at the 1948 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in London.
Iversen also competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, finishing eighth in the K-1 1000 m event.
Note that the K-1 4 x 500 m event was separate from the canoeing competitions at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. The K-1 4 x 500 m event was only held once at the 1960 Games in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19698379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698379" title="Javal family">
Javal family

The Javal family originated in Alsace. They benefited from Napoleon I's policy of openness toward Jews, and in the 19th century experienced a remarkable ascent, with family members becoming prominent bankers, industrialists, physicians, public officials and artists. Dr Dov Weisbrot says "In the twentieth century, the name Javal was equal in prestige with those of Pereire, Fould, and Rothschild."
The Javal were a family of important captains of industry, businessmen and bankers, well rooted for many generation 1889 in Paris and Europe (...) The Javal [...] managed for well over a century that jump in the industrial revolution. Amongst the minority of businessmen and industrials that evolved at the top of French society and integrated with its elite, were the Javal. This family produced all across the 19th century bankers, captains of industry, professors of medicine, high civil servants, members of parliament and artists.
The Javal, writes Pierre Birnbaum have known an exceptional financial success. Since the late 18th century, they participated to numerous economic adventures, from railways to textiles and weaved very close links with the business world [...] At the heart of an international industrial network, they start in the early 19th century financial operations on a vast scale, gathering a considerable fortune that places them in the first rank of the social elite.
Early history.
The family fortune began in the early part of the 18th century but really took off with the industrial revolution. Starting with the two Javal brothers (both named Jacques, and called respectively Jacques Javal the Elder and Jacque Javal the Younger) that operated a spinning mill in Mulhouse.
In 1826, Jacques Javal the Young entered the Board of Manufacturers and in 1828 he was made a Knight of the Legion of Honor, under its industrial activity on the proposal of Count Chabrol de Volvic, prefect of the Seine. He built a mansion at the bottom of rue Taitbout while his son and partner, Joseph, settled rue Chauchat. When Jacques the Younger retired in 1835, he was one of France's richest men.
Leopold Javal.
Jacques the Young sponsored Leopold, then 31 years old, to invest in new businesses. Leopold invested in mines in Provence, in pipeline companies, a department store, a public bathhouse on the Seine at the foot of the Samaritaine, a housing neighbourhood for workers in Montrouge. In ten years, he multiplied by three the capital of the family companies and created his own personal fortune. He took control of the banking side of the family empire and renamed it "Leopold Javal and C i.e. "and took the lead. Through this bank, it invests in the development of railway lines, in combination with the house Koechlin.
He also took up a political career as general counsel of the Gironde from 1851, with the support of the imperial regime, and as a representative of the department of the Yonne to the Legislature to from 1857, where he appeared first as a Republican against the Bonapartist candidate, and was consistently re-elected in 1863, 1869 and 1871. In 1862, he was made an Officier de la Legion d'honneur. He lived at the end of his life, an hotel particulier of rue d'Anjou and started the very important Javal art collection with paintings of François Boucher, Claude Joseph Vernet, Canaletto, Andrea del Sarto, Bruegel and Rubens.
in 1838, he married Augusta de Laemel, daughter of the financier Léopold von Laemel et of the baroness Sophia von Eichthal, sister of the baron Simon von Eichthal.
Being heavily influenced by Saint-Simonism, he began by planting pine and drilled wells and was passionate also about agriculture : he was taking a lot of care and being very innovative with his properties in the countryside, be it in the over 300 hectares around the cistercian abbaye of Vauluisant that the Javal owned or in Andernos where he enlarged Audenge to Ares and to Lacanau to form a vast area of over 3000 hectares.
Houbigant.
The Javal owned the perfume house Houbigant, the second oldest perfume house in Europe. Operating since 1775, the House of Houbigant is the only fragrance house that has existed through four centuries of history. Through these centuries, the perfumers of the House of Houbigant have made groundbreaking discoveries in the formulation of perfumes that have revolutionized forever the way perfumes are constructed.
Over the centuries, the House of Houbigant became perfumer to the royal courts of Europe. When in 1793 Marie-Antoinette was guillotined, she carried three vials of Houbigant perfume in her corsage to give her strength. Josephine, the future Empress of France, belonged to a group of stylish young men and women called “The Muscadins” because of their craze for musk which was Josephine’s favourite essence. Houbigant fragrances travelled in Napoleon’s campaign chest during the years when he was conquering Europe. In the spring of 1815 Napoleon was only in Paris for three months, a period known as the "Hundred Days". In those brief months he raised an army and yet found time to shop at Houbigant.
In 1829, Houbigant was appointed perfumer to Her Royal Highness, the Princess Adelaide d’Orleans, mother of King Louis-Philippe. In 1838, the French house was awarded the license of “Perfumer to Her Majesty, Queen Victoria of England”. Czar Alexander III named Houbigant perfumer to the Imperial Court of Russia in 1890. Houbigant created a perfume, “The Czarina’s Bouquet”, in honor of the Empress, Maria Fyodorovna. When her son ascended the throne as Czar Nicolas II in 1894, Houbigant continued as royal perfumer. Hand-written ledgers record the purchases of the Dowager Empress from 1900 until the eve of the Russian Revolution in 1917. Her sister, Queen Alexandra, wife of King Edward VII, began her purchases in 1902. The account books reveal that the two queens did their Christmas shopping together at Houbigant. Other royalty luminaries include La Comtesse de Saxe, first cousin of Louis XVI the King and Queen of Holland; the Queen of Italy; Princess Mathilde, sister of Napoleon, Prince of Battenberg; Le Duc de Mouchy; Tolstoy; the Russian Ambassador; Guy de Maupassant; the Rothschilds and more.
In 1882, the famous Fougère Royale came out, a fragrance that would define a new category of perfumes — the "fougère" (or fern-like) fragrance family, which is still today the most popular family in men fragrances. In 1912, Houbigant perfumer Bienaimé picked up the ball from Paul Parquet and introduced Quelque Fleurs, one of Houbigant's all time great fragrances and the first multi-floral bouquet ever created. During the same period, Houbigant stretched out its commercial arms around the world. Under the direction of the Paris office, offices were established in the United States, England, Belgium, Holland, Switzerland, Italy, Spain, Poland, Romania. Connections were made in Havana, Buenos-Aires, Rio-de-Janeiro, Australia, Japan, and China.
The Weiller.
With the Weiller branch (Paul-Louis Weiller, son of industrialist and politician Lazare Weiller (1858-1928) and Alice Javal, the first woman to ever pilot an airplane), they conducted an intense social life between the royal families of Europe, the great men of and political affairs ( Aristotle Onassis, Henry Ford, Jean Paul Getty, Richard Nixon, Georges Pompidou ... with whom Paul-Louis Weiller sometimes worked or whom sometimes worked for him), the personalities of the arts and letters show that it brings in the last of the Parisian salons in the tradition of those described by Marcel Proust. 
Paul-Louis Weiller also funded many charities.
Captain of industry at the age of twenty-nine years, from 1922 to 1940, Paul-Louis Weiller developed the largest construction company of aircraft in Europe, the Gnome et Rhône conglomerate, which became the Snecma after nationalization in 1945 . From 1925, he gradually buys the capital of the airline CIDNA. He participated in the creation of other airlines to Africa. They will all be nationalized in 1933 to become Air France, of which he will be one of the first directors (he was offered in 1933 by Pierre Cot, the Ministre de l'Air, to be President of Air France, but he refused).
Paul-Louis Weiller was married August 29, 1922 in Paris, with Princess Alexandra Ghica (of the ruling princes of Wallachia and Moldavia) with whom he had a daughter, Mary Elizabeth and whom he divorced in 1931. 
He married second wife Aliki Diplarakou, Miss Europe in 1930. Aliki was the daughter of a diplomat Georgios Diplarakos. She had three sisters, Nada Diplarakos who married French Ambassador André Rodocanachi, Cristina Diplarakos, who married Henri Claudel, a son of the French poet Paul Claudel. Aliki second marriage was in in 1945 with Sir John (Jack) Wriothesley Russell (23 August 1914 - 3 August 1984), an English aristocrat who was descended from John Russell, 6th Duke of Bedford and cousin of the philosopher Bertrand Russell.
They had a son Paul-Annik Weiller (1933-1998) who married in Rome, in Santa Maria in Trastevere in 1965, Emmanuela Donna Olimpia a Torlonia di Civitella-Cesi. She was the daughter of 
The daughter of Paul-Annik, Sibilla Weiller married in 1994 Prince Guillaume of Luxembourg, Prince of Nassau and Parma, youngest son of Grand Duke Jean of Luxembourg (descendants and heirs of the House of Nassau-Weilburg, agnatically, now a cadet branch of the House of Bourbon-Parma, itself a cadet branch of the House of Capet)

</doc>
<doc id="19698385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698385" title="Herbert Thomas Mandl">
Herbert Thomas Mandl

Herbert Thomas Mandl (August 18, 1926 - February 22, 2007) was a Czechoslovak-German-Jewish author, concert violinist, professor of music, philosopher, inventor and lecturer. He authored novels, stories and dramas that are inspired by the extraordinary events of his life.
Life.
Mandl was born in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia, the son of Czech Jewish parents, the engineer Daniel Mandl and Hajnalka Mandl. He was educated in Jewish and Czech schools in Bratislava and in Brno. He began to play the violin at the age of 6.
The Mandls were living in Brno when the remains of Czechoslovakia were annexed by Nazi Germany on March 15, 1939. Mandl was 13 at the time. In 1942, Mandl and his parents were deported to the Terezín (Theresienstadt) ghetto. In 1944, Mandl and his father were transported to the Auschwitz concentration camp, thence to several Dachau-Kaufering satellite camps, where Mandl's father died. At the end of World War II, Mandl was repatriated to Czechoslovakia where he was reunited with his mother.
Once free, Mandl returned to his studies. He was ultimately awarded a doctorate in the performing arts (violin) from the Academy of Performing Arts (Akademie Múzických Umění) in Prague, where he met his future wife, Jaroslava (“Slavi”), a concert pianist. While professors of music at the Janáček Conservatory in Ostrava, the Mandls developed several plans for escaping to the West from the oppressive conditions in Communist Czechoslovakia. Mandl himself finally succeeded in Cairo, where he broke away from his tourist group and applied for asylum at the United States Embassy in Cairo. Initially, he was suspected of being a spy, and the CIA interrogated him for months. When released, he was placed in a refugee camp in Zirndorf, West Germany. (“There were as many spies as real refugees there,” he had said of Zirndorf.) Once granted the status of political refugee, Mandl moved to Cologne, where he became the private secretary of Heinrich Böll, the recipient of the 1972 Nobel Prize for Literature. Since Mandl’s wife Slavi had remained behind in Ostrava (this was by the Mandls' prior agreement), Böll had agreed to help smuggle her to the West. He engaged a professional illusionist to build a hideaway in his personal automobile, a Citroen DS-19, drove to Czechoslovakia with his entire family and smuggled Slavi out. This incident is documented in Mandl's autobiography, "Durst, Musik, Geheime Dienste" published in Germany in 1995 and in a Bavarian television film directed by Gloria de Siano.
In later years, Mandl produced and edited cultural broadcasts that were transmitted to Communist Eastern Europe by the West German radio station Deutsche Welle in Cologne. He and Slavi twice emigrated to the USA, where he studied psychology at the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington and was supervisor on the ward for the criminally insane at Western State Hospital in Tacoma, Washington. In 1971, the Mandls permanently returned to West Germany, settling in Meerbusch-. Mandl found a position as a professor of English at the Roman Catholic evening gymnasium () in Essen, where he remained until his retirement.
In addition to his other talents, Mandl was an inventor. He developed and patented two very different devices. One was a transparent model of a human head (the phonetic head) that contained movable speech organs and was used to help teach pronunciation of foreign languages. The second was the Suggestometer, a complex device that could be used to measure human suggestibility empirically – something that was considered impossible by research psychologists at the time. Mandl was also a very successful psychotherapist who continued to provide mental health treatment even after his retirement. During the last decades of his life, Mandl was a very active as a contemporary witness to the musical scene in the Terezin (Theresienstadt) ghetto; he had played the violin in the camp orchestra in 1943/44 under the batons of Karel Ančerl and Carlo Sigmund Taube.
Mandl was a tireless contemporary witness to the horrors of life under totalitarian regimes and particularly to the Holocaust, traveling throughout Europe and North America to deliver his message. As one of the few survivors of the Terezín ghetto musical scene, he provided expert eyewitness accounts for this extraordinary phenomenon.
Literary Themes.
The central theme of Mandl’s literary work is the battle of the individual against the sophisticated instruments of totalitarian oppression: secret services, isolation, psychological torture, brainwashing, incarceration, starvation, the debilitating effects of the "daily grind" in the most difficult of circumstances. As in works by Edgar Allan Poe, Aldous Huxley, Franz Kafka and George Orwell, Mandl's protagonists, armed only with their reason, stand alone against all the sophisticated torture arts of their seemingly omnipotent opponents. In his works, Mandl underscores the drama of this unequal combat by interspersing the narrative with philosophical reflections written in clear and meaningful language. His novel, The Philosopher’s Wager (published in Germany in 1996 as Die Wette des Philosophen, is remarkable for its vivid portrayal of not just the most mundane aspects of life in the Terezín (Theresienstadt) ghetto but also of the extensive, if illegal, cultural and musical life of the ghetto. (For more on this subject, see also University Over the Abyss by Elena Makarova, Sergei Makarov and Viktor Kuperman).
Works.
Mandl's other works for the stage include:
In addition to being published in Germany, several of Mandl's works have been translated into Czech and published in the Czech Republic between 1994 and 2000. Other unpublished stories, dramas and presentations with philosophical and political themes are contained in Mandl’s bequest to the archives of the Moses Mendelssohn Academy in Halberstadt, Germany.
Most of Mandl's works have been translated into English by Michael J. Kubat of Virginia Beach, Virginia, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19698400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698400" title="British National Party election results">
British National Party election results

This article lists the British National Party's election results in the UK parliamentary, Scottish parliamentary and Welsh Assembly elections, as well as in the European Parliament elections and at a local level.
United Kingdom elections.
General election, 9 June 1983.
This was the first general election after the formation of the BNP following the disintegration of the National Front (NF) in the early 1980s. The BNP stood 53 candidates in order to be eligible for the five-minute national television broadcast offered to all parties running fifty candidates or more. Although the party did not anticipate winning any seats (as was the case) the election was pivotal in ensuring that its profile was raised, with 13 million viewers watching the broadcast. The NF itself contested 61 seats, a significant drop from the 303 it had contested in 1979. Only three constituencies (Hackney S & Shoreditch, Islington S & Finsbury and Worthing) were contested by both parties and in all three the NF beat the BNP. However, their combined vote in each of these constituencies was roughly half of what the NF had secured previously.
38 of the seats contested by the BNP had been contested by the NF in 1979. However, the BNP vote in all but one was lower than the NF had previously achieved. (The exception was Carmarthen: NF 149 in 1979; BNP 154 in 1983.)
BNP results ranged from 94 to 632 votes. Its share of votes ranged from 0.2% to 1.3%.
General election, 11 June 1987.
With party finances strained, leader John Tyndall decided not to fight this election. The party's Bromley officer Alf Waite and West Kent chief Michael Easter both broke rank and stood as candidates and, despite attempts by Tyndall to maintain unity, some of Waite and Easter's supporters split from the BNP to join the Flag Group after the election.
General election, 9 April 1992.
Although a wider slate of candidates was put forward than in 1987, the party concentrated its campaigning efforts on the East London constituencies of Bethnal Green and Stepney and Bow and Poplar on the back of some relatively strong performances in local elections in the early 1990s. The party's first elected representative to a borough council, Derek Beackon, would be elected in this area the following year.
BNP results ranged from 121 to 1310 votes. Its share of votes ranged from 0.3% to 3.6%.
General election, 1 May 1997.
Both Tyndall and Tony Lecomber felt that recruitment of new members was of central importance to the growth of the BNP and it was agreed that a larger scale general election campaign was needed in order to accomplish this. The party spent £60,000 on their election campaign, although ultimately it had no great impact on volume of membership.
BNP results ranged from 149 to 3350 votes. Its share of votes ranged from 0.4% to 7.5%.
General election, 7 June 2001.
On the back of an intense local campaign that had been bolstered by the tensions around the 2001 Oldham race riots, the BNP secured their best ever general election result in Oldham West and Royton where party leader Nick Griffin secured 16.4% of the vote.
BNP results ranged from 278 to 6,552 votes. Its share of votes ranged from 0.8% to 16.4%.
General election, 5 May 2005.
BNP results ranged from 376 to 5,066 votes. Its share of votes ranged from 0.8% to 17.0%. In total 34 BNP candidates polled 5% or more and saved their deposit. The highest percentage was achieved in Barking by Richard Barnbrook, later to be elected to the London Assembly in 2008 when the BNP passed the 5% threshold and thus qualified for a single seat.
General election, 6 May 2010.
The BNP fielded 338 candidates (including 19 in Wales and 14 in Scotland but none in Northern Ireland), nearly three times the number in 2005. Leader Nick Griffin came third in Barking - the constituency it had targeted heavily - while the party lost all 12 of its seats on Barking and Dagenham council. In total 73 BNP candidates polled 5% or more and saved their deposit. The election results followed a campaign in which the BNP website was closed down by its designer, the party's publicity director was arrested on suspicion of threatening to kill Griffin and a candidate in London was filmed fighting in the street with a group of Asian teenagers. Votes polled ranged from 150 to 6,620. The percentage of votes ranged from 0.4% to 14.6%. The average was 1.9%.
Local elections.
The BNP's first electoral success came in 1993, when Derek Beackon was returned as a councillor in Millwall, London. He lost his seat in elections the following year. The next BNP success in local elections was not until the 2002 local elections, when three BNP candidates gained seats on Burnley council.
The BNP's success in the 2003 local elections sparked national media publicity. Later the same year, the BNP won two local by-elections. In the Heckmondwike ward of Kirklees Council in August, David Exley polled 1,607 votes (44%). In September, Nick Geri won the Grays Riverside ward of Thurrock council, polling 552 votes (38%). Later in Burnley, the number of councillors increased, making the BNP briefly the second largest party and the official opposition on that council, a position it lost after the resignation of a BNP councillor who had been disciplined by the party. The BNP stood in the subsequent by-election.
The party's biggest election success to date was a gain of 52% of the vote in the Goresbrook ward of Barking in the 2004 local elections. The victorious councillor, Daniel Kelley, retired just 10 months later, claiming he had been an outcast within the council. A new election was held in June 2005, in which the seat was regained by the Labour candidate.
The biggest gain in the local elections on 4 May 2006, was in Barking and Dagenham where the BNP gained 17% of the vote. The BNP also won three seats in Epping Forest, three in Stoke-on-Trent, three in Sandwell, two in Burnley, two in Kirklees, and single seats in Bradford, Havering, Solihull, Redditch, Redbridge, Pendle and Leeds. In 2006, the BNP also gained its first parish councillor in Wales when Mike Howard of Rhewl Mostyn, Flintshire, previously an Independent, joined the BNP.
In summary of BNP councillors from 2000 to 2007: from 2000 to 2001 the BNP had none, in 2002 it had three, by 2003 it had
16 local councillors, this increased to 21 by 2005, in 2006 the biggest gain saw BNP's councillors rise to 48, and by 2007 to 50.
In 2007, the number of BNP councillors fell slowly due to resignations and expulsions, several of them associated with a failed leadership challenge in the summer. By the end of the year, the number was 42. In 2008, however, the BNP increased its councillors to 55.
The BNP did not field as many candidates for the 2009 local elections, because of its focus on the European Parliament election the same year, but for the first time won representation at county council level, winning three such seats. A seat in a local by-election in Sevenoaks district, Kent, was also won by the BNP.
About four BNP councillors resigned at the end of 2009, leaving the party with 54 councillors by 2010. In the May 2010 local elections, 26 BNP councillors lost their seats, leaving the party with 28 seats overall. In Barking and Dagenham, the party lost all 12 seats won in 2006.
European Parliament.
The 1999 European elections were the first time European elections contested by the BNP which qualified for a party electoral broadcast after standing in every region except Wales. With regional votes of between 0.4% and 1.7% (1.13% nationally), it failed to win any seats and lost all its deposits. 
In the 2004 European elections, the BNP vote increased by 3.9%, saving deposits in every region except Scotland. No seats were taken. 
In the 2009 European elections, the BNP won two seats. Andrew Brons was elected in the Yorkshire and the Humber with 9.8% of the vote and Nick Griffin in North West England, with 8% of the vote. Nationally, the BNP received 6.26%.
Scottish Parliament.
In UK parliamentary elections, the BNP had only ever contested six Scottish seats - Clydesdale (1992 and 1997), Edinburgh West (1992), Glasgow Central (2005), Glasgow Govan (1997), Glasgow North East (2005, 2009 by election) and Glasgow Shettleston (1983 and 1997) - until the 2010 General election, when it contested 13 which covered all Glasgow constituencies and parts of the north-east but failed to save any deposits.
In the 2003 Scottish Parliament election, the BNP only stood one candidate, Peter Appleby, in the Glasgow electoral region; he polled 2,344 votes (1.1%), 0.001% of the nationwide vote. 
In the 2007 Scottish Parliament election the BNP competed in all the Scottish Parliamentary electoral regions, polling 1.2% of the vote (seventh place). It failed to save any of its deposits.
In the 2011 Scottish Parliament election the BNP fielded 32 candidates - four in each of the eight electoral regions. It gained 15,580 votes (0.78%) throughout Scotland ending in 11th place. The party lost all deposits in all regions with no elected members and its nationwide vote fell by 0.42%, being beaten by UKIP, the Scottish Senior Citizens Unity Party, the Scottish Christian Party and the Socialist Labour Party.
Scottish Parliament election (May 3, 2007).
"Source: BBC News"
Scottish Parliament election (May 5, 2011).
"Source: BBC News"
National Assembly for Wales.
In UK parliamentary elections, the BNP has only contested Welsh seats in Carmarthen (1983), Cardiff North (1992), Newport West (2001), Swansea East (2005) and Wrexham (2005).
In the 2010 General election, it stood 19 candidates in Wales and won its deposit in Swansea East, the first time ever in a Westminster constituency in Wales.
In the National Assembly for Wales election, 2003, the BNP only stood one candidate, Pauline Gregory, in the South Wales East region, who obtained 3,210 votes (1.89%) (less than 0.01% of the total). 
In the National Assembly for Wales election, 2007, it stood 20 candidates with all 4 for each region, they finished 6th nationwide with 42,197 votes (4.3%). The Welsh nationalist party Plaid Cymru came second to the Labour Party. The Liberal Democrats came fourth having achieved 2.5 times the vote of the BNP and earning six seats. The BNP was the only minor party to save its deposits in the electoral regions with one in the North Wales region and the other in the South Wales West region.
In the National Assembly for Wales election, 2011, the BNP stood 27 candidates - 7 for the constituencies and 20 for the additional regions in which there would be 4 candidates for each of the 5 regions. 2 candidates for Swansea East and Islwyn saved their deposits for the first time ever in a Welsh Assembly constituency. Despite its hope to win an Assembly seat, the nationwide vote for the party in the regions fell by 1.9% from 4.3% which it gained in the 2007 Assembly elections to 2.6% losing all regional deposits and being beaten by the Greens, the UK Independence Party and even the Socialist Labour Party.
Welsh Assembly election (May 3, 2007).
"Source: BBC News"
Welsh Assembly election (May 5, 2011).
"Source:" BBC News
Northern Ireland Legislative Assembly.
Northern Ireland Legislative Assembly election, (5 May 2011).
The BNP stood 3 candidates for the Northern Ireland Legislative Assembly elections for the first time.
"Source: BBC News"

</doc>
<doc id="19698401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698401" title="KBWB">
KBWB

KBWB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19698421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698421" title="National Front (UK) election results">
National Front (UK) election results

The National Front's election results in parliamentary elections are shown below.
United Kingdom elections.
General election, 11 June 1987.
In the late 1980s, the NF had gone into a split between the Flag Group and the Official National Front, the latter stood no candidates whereas the former only stood one in Bristol East as an 'Independent NF'.
General election, 6 May 2010.
Although the NF had planned to stand 25 candidates, in the event it fielded only 17. The NF did not compete in Ulster and instead encouraged supporters there to support the Traditional Unionist Voice.
Scottish Parliament.
In UK parliamentary elections, the NF has only ever contested 3 constituencies: Glasgow Govan (October 1974), Glasgow Pollok (1979) and the 1980 Glasgow Central by-election.
The NF stood for the first time ever in the 2011 Scottish Parliamentary elections by fielding 6 candidates- 1 for the North East region and 5 (3 of whom stood for the North East region too) for the constituencies. It failed to save any deposits or win any seats and achieved between 0.8% and 1.6% of the vote in the constituencies it contested (0.08% of the nationwide vote).
Scottish Parliament election (May 5, 2011).
"Source:" BBC News
European Parliament elections.
The National Front stood in the 1989 and 1994 European elections but has not stood in European elections since as it feels that standing in them is endorsing them.

</doc>
<doc id="19698439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698439" title="Oxfam">
Oxfam

Oxfam is an international confederation of 17 organizations working in approximately 90 countries worldwide to find solutions to poverty and what it considers as injustice around the world. In all Oxfam’s actions, the ultimate goal is to enable people to exercise their rights and manage their own lives. Oxfam works directly with communities and seeks to influence the powerful, to ensure that poor people can improve their lives and livelihoods and have a say in decisions that affect them. Each organization (affiliate) works together internationally to achieve a greater impact through collective efforts.
Oxfam was originally founded in Oxford, in 1942 as the "Oxford Committee for Famine Relief" by a group of Quakers, social activists, and Oxford academics; this is now Oxfam Great Britain, still based in Oxford, Oxfordshire. It was one of several local committees formed in support of the National Famine Relief Committee. Their mission was to persuade the British government to allow food relief through the Allied blockade for the starving citizens of Axis occupation of Greece. The first overseas Oxfam was founded in Canada in 1963. The organization changed its name to its telegraph address, "OXFAM", in 1965.
Oxfam's mission and values.
Oxfam's programmes address the structural causes of poverty and related injustice and work primarily through local accountable organizations, seeking to enhance their effectiveness. Oxfam's stated goal is to help people directly when local capacity is insufficient or inappropriate for Oxfam’s purposes, and to assist in the development of structures which directly benefit people facing the realities of poverty and injustice.
Values.
In November 2000, Oxfam adopted the rights-based approach as the framework for all the work of the Confederation and its partners. Oxfam recognizes the universality and indivisibility of human rights and has adopted these overarching aims to express these rights in practical terms:
Oxfam believes that poverty and powerlessness are avoidable and can be eliminated by human action and political will. The right to a sustainable livelihood, and the right and capacity to participate in societies and make positive changes to people's lives are basic human needs and rights which can be met. Oxfam believes that peace and substantial arms reduction are essential conditions for development and that inequalities can be significantly reduced both between rich and poor nations and within nations.
Oxfam's work.
Though Oxfam's initial concern was the provision of food to relieve famine, over the years the organization has developed strategies to combat the causes of famine. In addition to food and medicine, Oxfam also provides tools to enable people to become self-supporting and opens markets of international trade where crafts and produce from poorer regions of the world can be sold at a fair price to benefit the producer.
Oxfam's programme has three main points of focus: development work, which tries to lift communities out of poverty with long-term, sustainable solutions based on their needs; humanitarian work, assisting those immediately affected by conflict and natural disasters (which often leads in to longer-term development work), especially in the field of water and sanitation; and lobbyist, advocacy and popular campaigning, trying to affect policy decisions on the causes of conflict at local, national, and international levels.
Oxfam works on trade justice, fair trade, education, debt and aid, livelihoods, health, HIV/AIDS, gender equality, conflict (campaigning for an international arms trade treaty) and natural disasters, democracy and human rights, and climate change.
Through programmes like "Saving for Change", Oxfam is working to help communities become more self-sufficient financially. The Saving for Change initiative is a programme whereby communities are taught how to form collective, informal credit groups. Through these mutually beneficial groups, members who tend to be mostly women, pool their savings into a fund which is used to give loans for activities such as paying for medical care and paying school fees, in addition to using the loans to fund small-scale business ventures. Ultimately, the goal of the programme is to leave the community with a self-sustaining organization where people who otherwise would not qualify for formal bank loans can go for financial assistance. In doing so, borrowers can start businesses which benefit not only themselves but also their communities.
Additionally, Oxfam has provided relief services during various global crises, including the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, North Korean famine, 2011 East Africa drought and 2012 Sahel drought. The Bosfam NGO was also founded in May 1995 by women participating in an Oxfam GB psycho-social 'radionice' project to support internally displaced women during the Bosnian war. Oxfam has become a globally recognized leader in providing water sanitation to impoverished and war torn areas the world over. In 2012, Oxfam became one of the humanitarian groups that comprise the UK's Rapid Response Facility to ensure clean water in the wake of humanitarian disasters.
History.
The original Oxford Committee for Famine Relief was a group of concerned citizens such as Canon Theodore Richard Milford (1896–1987), Professor Gilbert Murray and his wife Lady Mary, Cecil Jackson-Cole and Sir Alan Pim. The Committee met in the Old Library of University Church of St Mary the Virgin, Oxford, for the first time in 1942, and its aim was to relieve famine in Greece caused by Nazi Germany military occupation and Allied naval blockades. By 1960, it was a major international non-governmental aid organization.
The name "Oxfam" comes from the Oxford Committee for Famine Relief, founded in Britain in 1942 and registered in accordance with UK law in 1943. Oxfam International was formed in 1995 by a group of independent non-governmental organizations. Their aim was to work together for greater impact on the international stage to reduce poverty and injustice. Stichting Oxfam International registered as a non-profit foundation at The Hague, Netherlands.
Oxfam's first paid employee was Joe Mitty, who began working at the Oxfam shop on Broad Street, Oxford on 9 November 1949. Engaged to manage the accounts and distribute donated clothing, he originated the policy of selling anything which people were willing to donate, and developed the shop into a national chain.
Oxfam affiliates.
Oxfam GB (Great Britain).
Oxfam GB had 5,955 employees worldwide in 2008, and a total income of £299.7 million. Oxfam GB's head office is located in Cowley, Oxford and has offices and programmes in over 70 countries in 8 regions.
From 2007 to 2009, Oxfam GB was recognized as one of Britain's Top Employers by CRF.
Oxfam Ireland.
Oxfam Ireland works with local partner organizations in developing countries to develop effective solutions to poverty and injustice. It is a registered charity in Ireland and Northern Ireland, with headquarters in Dublin and Belfast.
Funds.
Funds are raised via three different sources:
Structure
Oxfam Ireland is the public title of the two, separate, legal bodies registered in the respective jurisdictions as Oxfam Northern Ireland and Oxfam Republic of Ireland. Oxfam Ireland operates coherently on an all-island basis by means of a single management structure and shared membership of associations and councils.
Oxfam Canada.
Oxfam Canada traces its history to 1963, when the British-based Oxford Committee for Famine Relief sought to establish a Canadian branch. Oxfam Canada was independently incorporated in 1966; the first Board of Directors included 21 distinguished Canadians. In 1967, Oxfam Canada became a key organizer of the successful Miles for Millions fundraising walks across the country. In that year, Lester Pearson (then Canadian Prime Minister) led Oxfam's first Miles for Millions March. With its revenues, Oxfam began to provide educational materials to schools and undertake advocacy work in public policy development.
The early 1970s was a critical period of growth as Oxfam began its own programming overseas in Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean, and established a network of staff and volunteers across Canada to support its work.The original idea was born with Oxfam shops, Luk Moltten Professor at the University of Oxford. During this same period, Oxfam Canada began to analyze its role in the development process, moving from a traditional model of charity (one-time grants) towards long-term development programming (working with communities to effect lasting positive change). Deeply involved in the international movement against apartheid in South Africa and Central American solidarity through the 1970s and '80s, Oxfam Canada sought to address the fundamental, underlying causes of poverty.
This in turn led to Oxfam's role as a major advocacy organization in the 1990s, to mobilize public support for changing the policies that perpetuate poverty.
Oxfam Canada is a founding member of Oxfam, the federation of Oxfams worldwide. Today, Oxfam Canada works with over 100 partner organizations in developing countries, tackling the root causes of poverty and inequity and helping people to create self-reliant and sustainable communities. In Canada, Oxfam is active in education, policy advocacy and building a constituency of support for its work.
Oxfam America.
In 1970, Oxfam America became an independent non-profit organization and an Oxfam affiliate in response to the humanitarian crisis created by the fight for independence in Bangladesh. Oxfam America's headquarters are located in Boston, Massachusetts with a policy & campaigns office in Washington, D.C. and seven regional offices around the world. A registered 501(c)3 organization, Oxfam America campaigns for climate change adaptation, food security, aid reform, access to medicines, and fair trade.
Oxfam-Québec.
In 1973, Oxfam-Québec became an independent member of the international Oxfam movement. Carried by the popularity of Yvon Deschamps, Oxfam-Québec has become a cherished organization among the Québécois. Its mission is to get the francophone population involved in the situation of developing countries.
Oxfam Australia.
Oxfam Australia is an independent, not-for-profit, secular, community-based aid and development organization, and an affiliate of Oxfam International. Oxfam Australia's work includes long-term development projects, responding to emergencies and campaigning to improve the lives of disadvantaged people around the world. They aim to give disadvantaged people improved access to social services, an effective voice in decisions, equal rights and status, and safety from conflict and disaster.
Oxfam Australia's activities are mainly funded by community donation. Oxfam's development and advocacy programmes use 73% of donated funds, 16% is used for fundraising and promotion, and the remaining 11% for administration. In the case of emergency appeals, 85% of funds are used directly for emergency response purposes.
In 2009, Oxfam Australia's work reached 4.64 million people in 28 countries. This was made possible by the support of more than 310,000 donors and campaigners.
Oxfam Novib (Netherlands).
Oxfam Novib is the Dutch affiliate of the international Oxfam organization. The organization is based in The Hague.
Oxfam Novib was founded under the name Novib in 1956. Novib, an abbreviation standing for "Nederlandse Organisatie Voor Internationale Bijstand" (Dutch organization for international aid), was later changed to "Nederlandse Organisatie voor Internationale Ontwikkelingssamenwerking" (Dutch organization for international development cooperation) due to a change in approach of the organization's development work.
In 1994, Novib became an affiliate of Oxfam and the organization changed its name in 2006 to Oxfam Novib.
In 2008 the organization changed its voluntary policy towards a network-based approach. They set up a so-called participation network or tribe named www.doenersnet.nl with the aim of creating a campaign for a just world without poverty.
Oxfam-in-Belgium.
Oxfam in Belgium is a co-ordinating body of the Belgian components of the Oxfam movement, namely, Oxfam Solidarity, Magasins du Monde Oxfam and Oxfam Wereldwinkels.
Oxfam Solidarity incorporates the activities of Oxfam Belgium (founded in 1964) and those of Oxfam Projects (created in 1976).
Oxfam Solidarity supports approximately 200 projects and programmes in the South totalling around 10 million Euro, thanks to co-financing by the Belgian government and the European Union. The income of the organization comes from recycling activities, from the support of donors and as a result of campaigns.
Oxfam Wereldwinkels (founded in 1971) and Magasins du Monde-Oxfam (founded in 1975) remain autonomous organizations, focusing on fair trade. With more than 220 outlets, as many groups and 7000 volunteers, they form a movement which, guided by the principles of fair trade, pursues objectives similar to those of Oxfam Solidarity.
Oxfam France.
Oxfam France was founded in 1988 under the name “Agir ici pour un monde solidaire” (Act here for a unified world). Its work was already based on campaign and advocacy, both of which were rare in France at the time.
Agir ici became an observer member of Oxfam in 2003, and a fully-fledged member in 2006.
Based in Paris, Oxfam France claims its missions are to inform, increase public awareness & mobilize citizens. Oxfam France’s work in advocacy and research focuses on Economic Justice (especially tax revenue in developing countries, ODA, tax heavens and innovative financing), Agriculture (speculation and food prizes, biofuels, land grabbing, trade rules), protecting civilians, and health.
Oxfam France is funded mostly by public donations and by institutional donors.
It has five second-hand shops: three bookshops (two in Paris, one in Lille), a clothes shop in Lille and a shop in Strasbourg.
Oxfam Germany.
Oxfam Germany has its beginnings in an initiative by concerned private citizens who in 1986 opened a secondhand shop in Bonn modelled on the idea of the British charity shops. While not officially associated with Oxfam, the shop was staffed by volunteers and sold donated goods, with all proceeds given to projects run by Oxfam GB. A second shop, following the same model, was opened in Cologne in 1991.
Oxfam officially came to Germany in 1995 with the foundation of the charitable Oxfam Deutschland e. V. and its commercial subsidiary Oxfam Deutschland Shops GmbH. Oxfam Germany became a full affiliate of Oxfam International in 2003.
As of March 2013, Oxfam was operating 42 charity shops in 28 German cities, including five Oxfam bookshops and three fashion boutiques. According to Oxfam Germany website, there are 2,400 volunteers in those shops.
Oxfam Hong Kong.
Oxfam Hong Kong began in 1976, when volunteers came together, opened a second-hand shop, and raised funds for anti-poverty projects around the world. Some of the first actions in the 1970s and '80s were to advocate for justice in the Vietnamese Boat People/Refugee crisis in Hong Kong, and to help save lives in Ethiopia during the 1984 famine. To date, Oxfam Hong Kong has assisted poor people in more than 70 countries/states around the world.
Oxfam India.
Oxfam's involvement in India began when money was granted in 1951 to fight famine in Bihar. Bihar at the time was one of the poorest and most populated states in India. Bihar and famine would bring Oxfam back to India in 1965 to address drought due to bad monsoons. Bihar held a population of 53 million, of which 40 million relied on subsistence farming to live. This would compound for India in the future; production of food had not been parallel to its exploding population. It is estimated that, over the course of the droughts and famines, 2,400 tons of milk was bought by Oxfam and at the height of this was feeding over 400,000 starving children and mothers.
In 1968 Oxfam's first Field Director in India, Jim Howard, created the Oxfam Gramdan Action Programme, or OGAP. This would be the first joint rural development programme in Oxfam history and the first step to a new 'operational' Oxfam.
Oxfam India was established on 1 September 2008 under section 25 of the Companies Act, 2005 as a non profitable organization with its head office in Delhi and is now a member of Oxfam International Confederation. This was marked by Oxfam's 60th year in India.
Oxfam International.
The Oxfam International Secretariat (OIS) leads, facilitates, and supports collaboration between the Oxfam affiliates to increase Oxfam's impact on poverty and injustice through advocacy campaigns, development programmes and emergency response.
The OIS Board comprises the Executive Director, Chair of each Affiliate, and the OI Chair. The Affiliates’ Chairs are voting members and are non-remunerated. The Executive Directors and the OI Chair are all non voting-members. The Board also elects the Deputy Chair and Treasurer from among its voting members.
The Board is responsible for ensuring that Oxfam International is accountable, transparent, and fit for purpose. The constitution and Strategic Plan are also approved at Board level. The Board takes recommendations from Executive Directors and ensures that the Confederation is working to its agreed aims. The Board also agrees membership of the Confederation, selects the Honorary President, the Honorary Advisor, the Board Officers and the OI Executive Director. A number of subcommittees with expert members are also mandated by the Board to assist with specific issues.
Oxfam International's official language is English; English, French and Spanish are the working languages. In 2009–10 it had approximately 77 staff (including secondment placements and temporary staff e.g. for maternity cover). It is funded by contributions from affiliate organizations and has an operating budget of US$8.7M.
Activities.
Oxfam has four main focuses for its resources. These are: Economic Justice, Essential Services, Rights in Crisis, and Gender Justice.
Economic Justice focuses on making agriculture work for farmers and agricultural labourers living in poverty and vulnerable circumstances, fairer trade rules for poor countries, and reducing the impact of climate change and energy shocks.
Essential Services focuses on; demanding that national governments fulfil their responsibilities for equitable delivery of good quality health, education, water, and sanitation, supporting civil society organizations and alliances to hold governments accountable for the delivery of these services, and ensuring better policies and more funding from rich countries and international institutions, as well as make sure they honour existing commitments on aid and debt reduction.
Rights in Crisis focuses on improving the ability to deliver better protection and greater assistance, through improving our competencies and capacities, working with and through local organizations, and particularly strengthen the role of women, changing policies and practices of the international humanitarian system to deliver better protection and greater
assistance, and working within the framework of human security, with a greater focus on preventing conflict, peace-building, reconciliation and longer-term development
Gender Justice focuses on supporting women’s leadership at all levels to achieve greater power in decision-making and greater control over their lives, increasing the number of women receiving an education (two-thirds of all children denied school are girls), to acquire functional literacy skills so they can work., working to end gender-based violence by changing ideas, attitudes and beliefs of men and women that permit violence against women, and strengthening Oxfam’s own learning and capacities on gender to ensure that gender justice is achieved in all our work.
Oxfam's shops.
Oxfam has numerous shops all over the world, which sell many fair-trade and donated items. They opened their first charity shop in 1948, although trading began in 1947. The proceeds from these usually get paid to different charities or are used to further Oxfam's relief efforts around the globe.
Much of their stock still comes from public donations but they currently also sell fair trade products from developing countries in Africa, Asia and South America, including handcrafts, books, music CDs and instruments, clothing, toys, food and ethnic creations. These objects are brought to the public through fair trade to help boost the quality of life of their producers and surrounding communities.
Oxfam has over 1,200 shops worldwide. Some of them are in the UK with around 750 Oxfam GB shops including specialist shops such as books, music, furniture and bridal wear. Oxfam Germany has 45 shops including specialist book shops; Oxfam France shops sell books and fair trade products and Oxfam Hong Kong has 2 shops selling donated goods and fair trade products. Oxfam Novib, Oxfam Australia (with over 20 fair trade shops), Oxfam Ireland and Oxfam in Belgium also raise funds from shops.
Of the 750 Oxfam charity shops around the UK, around 100 are specialist bookshops or book and music shops. Oxfam is the largest retailer of second-hand books in Europe, selling around 12 million per year.
In 2008, Oxfam GB worked with over 20,000 volunteers in shops across the UK, raising £17.1 million for Oxfam's programme work.
Fundraising.
Oxfam has a number of successful fundraising channels in addition to its shops. Over half a million people in the UK make a regular financial contribution towards its work, and vital funds are received from gifts left to the organization in people's wills. Many London Marathon competitors run to raise money for Oxfam, and Oxfam also receives funds in return for providing and organising volunteer stewards at festivals such as Glastonbury. In conjunction with the Gurkha Welfare Trust, Oxfam also runs several Trailwalker events in Hong Kong, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and Japan. Oxfam GB asks people to 'Get Together' and fundraise by hosting events with friends and colleagues on International Women's Day, 8 March.
Christopher McCandless, the subject of the book and film "Into the Wild", donated his life savings to Oxfam before leaving society for the Alaskan wilderness.
In August 2009 Arctic Monkeys released a 7-inch vinyl version of their new single "Crying Lightning" exclusively through Oxfam shops, with proceeds going to the charity. Recently Oxfam India is emerging as a successful fundraising unit, it is mainly with the help of always motivated team and the Resource Mobilization Heads.
Every October, Oxfam also holds the Oxjam music festival across the UK to raise funds for its activities.
Publications.
Annual Report; Strategic Plan; Research and Policy papers
Policy & Research page with all Oxfam publications (research reports, policy papers), which can be filtered by subject and/or by date
Behind the brands.
In 2013, Oxfam started the Behind the Brands-project, "to provide people who buy and enjoy these products with the information they need to hold the Big 10 and beverage companies to account for what happens in their supply chains".
The Scorecard consists of seven categories, being:
The table below provides an overview of the evolution of the scores (in percentage):
Campaigns.
Make Trade Fair.
Make Trade Fair is a campaign organized by Oxfam International that focuses on the elimination of several trade practices:
Criticism.
Conflict with Starbucks on Ethiopian coffee.
On 26 October 2006, Oxfam accused Starbucks of asking the National Coffee Association (NCA) to block a US trademark application from Ethiopia for three of the country's coffee beans, Sidamo, Harar and Yirgacheffe. They claimed this could result in denying Ethiopian coffee farmers potential annual earnings of up to £47m.
Ethiopia and Oxfam America urged Starbucks to sign a licensing agreement with Ethiopia to help boost prices paid to farmers. At issue was Starbucks' use of Ethiopia's famed coffee brands—Sidamo, Yirgacheffe and Harar—that generate high margins for Starbucks and cost consumers a premium, yet generated very low prices to Ethiopian farmers.
Robert Nelson, the head of the NCA, added that his organization initiated the opposition for economic reasons, "For the U.S. industry to exist, we must have an economically stable coffee industry in the producing world... This particular scheme is going to hurt the Ethiopian coffee farmers economically". The NCA claimed the Ethiopian government was being badly advised and this move could price them out of the market.
Facing more than 90,000 letters of concern, Starbucks had placed pamphlets in its stores accusing Oxfam of "misleading behavior" and insisting that its "campaign need to stop". On 7 November, "The Economist" derided Oxfam's "simplistic" stance and Ethiopia's "economically illiterate" government, arguing that Starbucks' (and Illy's) standards-based approach would ultimately benefit farmers more. 
In conclusion of this issue, on 20 June 2007, representatives of the Government of Ethiopia and senior leaders from Starbucks Coffee Company announced that they had executed an agreement regarding distribution, marketing and licensing that recognizes the importance and integrity of Ethiopia's specialty coffee designations. Financial terms regarding this agreement were not disclosed.
Starbucks, as part of the deal, also was set to market Ethiopian coffee during two promotional periods in 2008. Brandon Borrman, a Starbucks spokesman, said the announcement is "another development" in the relationship with Ethiopia and a way to raise the profile of Ethiopian coffee around the world.
Seth Petchers, an Oxfam spokesman, said the deal sounds like a "useful step" as long as farmers are benefiting, and it's a big step from a year ago when Starbucks "wasn't engaging directly (with) Ethiopians on adding value to their coffee."
Commercial favours.
In May 2013 Oxfam demanded Dole remove its 'Ethical Choice' labels from its bananas in New Zealand until it improved treatment of its workers in the Philippines. A Dole spokesperson said Oxfam's report was a "commercial move" aimed at backing a rival supplier which backed Oxfam, and Oxfam was "trying to destroy the Dole brand".
Political neutrality.
Oxfam Great Britain was strongly criticised by other NGOs for becoming too close to Tony Blair's New Labour government in the UK.
In October 2011, complaints by a member of the public regarding Oxfam's campaign for a financial transaction tax resulted in Oxfam seeking an injunction to ban a pensioner, Barry Nowlan, from one of its shops. Mr. Nowlan claimed that he was expected to pay the costs of seeking the injuction, which was sought due to alleged "harrassment" and "intimidation" on the part of Mr. Nowlan after he complained about a poster which highlighted Oxfam’s call for a 'Robin Hood' tax of banks and financial institutions. On 25 October 2011, the dispute was settled amicably in Taunton County Court. Afterwards Mr Nowlan said: "The matter has been settled between Oxfam and myself on a mutually satisfactory basis." Oxfam declined to comment on the court case, saying simply: "It is a private matter."
Internal structures and political role.
Omaar and de Waal, in Food and Power in Sudan, comment that "the 1990s have seen growing pressure for humanitarian institutions to become more accountable. There has been a succession of reviews of major operations, growing in independence and criticism." They quote an OECD report, , which stated that its team "came across examples of Agencies telling, if not falsehoods, then certainly half-truths" and noted "a remarkable lack of attempts by agencies to seek the views of beneficiaries on the assistance being provided". In this climate, Oxfam has faced a number of criticisms, some specific to the organization itself, others relating to problems said to be endemic to NGO aid agencies.
In response to these criticisms Oxfam and others launched the Sphere Project, an initiative which aims to "improve the quality of assistance provided to people affected by disasters", to "develop a set of minimum standards in cure areas of humanitarian assistance" and to introduce an element of accountability which had previously been lacking.
In 2005, the magazine "New Internationalist" described Oxfam as a "Big International Non-Government Organisation (BINGO)", having a corporate-style, undemocratic internal structure, and addressing the symptoms rather than the causes of international poverty – especially by acquiescing to neoliberal economics and even taking over roles conventionally filled by national governments.
Similar criticisms have been voiced by "Red Pepper" magazine and Katherine Quarmby in the "New Statesman". The latter article detailed growing rifts between Oxfam and other organizations within the Make Poverty History movement.
In an article for Columbia Journalism Review, journalist Karen Rothmyer accused NGOs in general and Oxfam in particular of being unduly influenced by the priorities of the media, of providing inaccurate information to the press ("stories featuring aid projects often rely on dubious numbers provided by the organisations") and of perpetuating negative stereotypes which "have the potential to influence policy." She drew on earlier work by journalist Lauren Gelfand, who had taken a year away from journalism to work for Oxfam; "A lot of what Oxfam does is to sustain Oxfam" and Linda Polman, author of the Crisis Caravan; "Aid organisations are businesses dressed up like Mother Theresa."
Bookshops.
Oxfam has been criticized for aggressively expanding its specialist bookshops, using tactics more often associated with multi-national corporations. The charity has been criticized as some claim this expansion has come at the expense of independent secondhand book sellers and other charity shops in many areas of the UK.
Fair trade coffee.
On 28 April 2007, two academics in Melbourne, Australia, representing a think tank lodged a complaint with the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission accusing Oxfam of misleading or deceptive conduct under the Trade Practices Act in its promotion of Fairtrade coffee. The academics claimed that high certification costs and low wages for workers undermine claims that Fairtrade helps to lift producers out of poverty. The complaint was subsequently dismissed by the Commission.
Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
Oxfam endorses the two-state solution, and has called for Israel to lift the partial blockade of the Gaza Strip.
Oxfam UK is partnering with the Board of Deputies who represent the Jewish Community of the UK. The project, Grow-Tatzmiach, includes sending 25 people to an activist training programme to help fight global hunger. In exchange for partnering, Oxfam has agreed not to "call for a boycott of Israeli goods or to support groups that do so, and will not partner with organizations that advocate violence or oppose a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict." Despite this agreement, there are still those on both sides who object to this project.
In October 2009, Oxfam was accused by Israeli NGO Regavim of aiding Palestinians in illegal activities in Kiryat Arba, including water theft. Oxfam has denied its participation. 
In response to a 2012 Oxfam report which laid the blame for poor economic development in the Palestinian territories solely with Israel, a spokesman for the Israel Embassy in the UK said, "Oxfam's latest report on the situation in the Palestinian territories puts a clearly political agenda above any humanitarian concern. Far from advancing peace, such an approach undermines the prospects of reaching a negotiated resolution to the conflict."
Oxfam UK cancelled an exhibition "Gaza: Through my Eyes" which had been due to take place at East London Mosque on 17 January 2014 after Left Foot Forward presented information to the charity detailing homophobic and potentially anti-semitic comments by one of the organizers, Ibrahim Hewitt. Human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell was reported as welcoming the event's cancellation but to have said of Oxfam UK, "it is hugely disappointing that it did no proper checks on him Hewitt before agreeing his presence".
On 29 January 2014 actress Scarlett Johansson resigned as an international spokeswoman for Oxfam after appearing in a TV ad for SodaStream, a company that has a presence in the West Bank of Israel. The announcement from her publicist stated that Johansson "respectfully decided to end her ambassador role with Oxfam after eight years... She and Oxfam have a fundamental difference of opinion in regards to the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement."
Confrontation with Population Matters.
In December 2009 Duncan Green, head of research at Oxfam, attempted to discredit the PopOffsets initiative of Population Matters, (formerly known as the Optimum Population Trust), under which individuals can offset their carbon emissions by funding family planning services in the developing world. Green wrote in an op-ed in the "New Statesman" that assumptions such as those in the OPT report equating population growth and environmental degradation are a "gross oversimplification".
In response, OPT described the response of parts of the development lobby to the initiative as "frankly disgraceful", adding: "The world badly needs a grown-up, rational discussion of the population issue… without blame, abuse and hysteria."

</doc>
<doc id="19698446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698446" title="Associahedron">
Associahedron

In mathematics, an associahedron "K""n" is an ("n" − 2)-dimensional convex polytope in which each vertex corresponds to a way of correctly inserting opening and closing parentheses in a word of "n" letters and the edges correspond to single application of the associativity rule. Equivalently, the vertices of an associahedron correspond to the triangulations of a regular polygon with "n" + 1 sides and the edges correspond to edge flips in which a single diagonal is removed from a triangulation and replaced by a different diagonal. Associahedra are also called Stasheff polytopes after the work of Jim Stasheff, who rediscovered them in the early 1960s after earlier work on them by Dov Tamari.
Examples.
The one-dimensional associahedron "K"3 represents the two parenthesizations (("xy")"z") and ("x"("yz")) of three symbols, or the two triangulations of a square.
The two-dimensional associahedron represents the five parenthesizations of four symbols, or the five triangulations of a regular pentagon. It is itself a pentagon.
The three-dimensional associahedron "K"5 is an enneahedron with nine faces and fourteen vertices, and its dual is the triaugmented triangular prism.
Realization.
Initially Jim Stasheff considered these objects as curvilinear polytopes. Subsequently, they were given coordinates as convex polytopes in several different ways; see the introduction of for a survey.
One method of realizing the associahedron is as the secondary polytope of a regular polygon. In this construction, each triangulation of a regular polygon with "n" + 1 sides corresponds to a point in ("n" + 1)-dimensional Euclidean space, whose "i"th coordinate is the total area of the triangles incident to the "i"th vertex of the polygon. For instance, the two triangulations of the unit square give rise in this way to two four-dimensional points with coordinates (1, 1/2, 1, 1/2) and (1/2, 1, 1/2, 1). The convex hull of these two points is the realization of the associahedron "K"3. Although it lives in a 4-dimensional space, it forms a line segment (a 1-dimensional polytope) within that space. Similarly, the associahedron "K"4 can be realized in this way as a regular pentagon in five-dimensional Euclidean space, whose vertex coordinates are the cyclic permutations of the vector (1, 2 + φ, 1, 1 + φ, 1 + φ) where φ denotes the golden ratio. Because the possible triangles within a regular hexagon have areas that are integer multiples of each other, this construction can be used to give integer coordinates (in six dimensions) to the three-dimensional associahedron "K"5; however (as the example of "K"4 already shows) this construction in general leads to irrational numbers as coordinates.
Another realization, of , is based on the correspondence of the vertices of the associahedron with "n"-leaf rooted binary trees, and directly produces integer coordinates in ("n" − 2)-dimensional space. The "i"th coordinate of Loday's realization is "aibi", where "ai" is the number of leaf descendants of the left child of the "i"th internal node of the tree (in left-to-right order) and "bi" is the number of leaf descendants of the right child.
It is possible to realize the associahedron directly in ("n" − 2)-dimensional space as a polytope for which all of the face normal vectors have coordinates that are 0, +1, or −1. There are exponentially many combinatorially distinct ways of doing this.
Because "K"5 is a polyhedron only with vertices in which 3 edges come together it is possible for a hydrocarbon to exist (similar to the Platonic hydrocarbons) whose chemical structure is represented by the skeleton of "K"5. This “associahedrane” C14H14 would have the SMILES notation: C12-C3-C4-C1-C5-C6-C2-C7-C3-C8-C4-C5-C6-C78. Its edges would be of approximately equal length, but the vertices of each face would not necessarily be coplanar.
Number of "k"-faces.
The number of "n"−"k"-dimensional faces of the associahedron of order "n" (K"n"+1) is given by the number triangle ("n","k"), shown on the right.
The number of vertices in "K""n"+1 is the "n"-th Catalan number (right diagonal in the triangle).
The number of facets in "K""n"+1 (for "n"≥2) is the "n"-th triangular number minus one (second column in the triangle), because each facet corresponds to a 2-subset of the "n" objects whose groupings form the Tamari lattice T"n", except the 2-subset that contains the first and the last element.
The number of faces of all dimensions (including the associahedron itself as a face, but not including the empty set) is a Schröder–Hipparchus number (row sums of the triangle).

</doc>
<doc id="19698472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698472" title="Just Bummin' Around">
Just Bummin' Around

"I Gotta Get Out of this Town" was a 1966 song performed by American singer Dean Martin, in the 1967 TV special: Movin' With Nancy, starring Nancy Sinatra, released to home video in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19698478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698478" title="Cluster expansion">
Cluster expansion

In statistical mechanics, the cluster expansion (also called the high temperature expansion or hopping expansion) is a power series expansion of the partition function of a statistical field theory around a model that is a union of non-interacting 0-dimensional field theories. Cluster expansions originated in the work of . Unlike the usual perturbation expansion, it converges in some non-trivial regions, in particular when the interaction is small.
Classical case.
General theory.
In statistical mechanics, the properties of a system of noninteracting particles are described using the
partition function. For N noninteracting particles, the system is described by the Hamiltonian 
and the partition function can be calculated (for the classical case) as
From the partition function, one can calculate the Helmholtz free energy formula_3 and, from that, all the thermodynamic properties of the system, like the entropy, the internal energy, the chemical potential etc.
When the particles of the system interact, an exact calculation of the partition function is usually not possible. For low density, the interactions can be approximated with 
a sum of two-particle potentials:
For this interaction potential, the partition function can be written as
and the free energy is
where Q is the configuration integral:
Calculation of the configuration integral.
The configuration integral formula_8 cannot be calculated analytically for a general pair potential
formula_9. One way to calculate the potential approximately is to use the Mayer cluster expansion. This expansion is based on the observation that the exponential in the equation for formula_8 can be written as a product of the form
Next, define the Mayer function formula_12 by formula_13. After substitution, the equation for the configuration integral becomes:
The calculation of the product in the above equation leads into a series of terms; the first is equal to one, the second term is equal to the sum over i and j of the terms formula_12, and the process continues until all the higher order terms are calculated. 
With this expansion it is possible to find terms of different order, in terms of the number of particles that are involved. The first term is the single-particle term, the second term corresponds to the two-particle interactions, the third to the three-particle interactions, and so on. This physical interpretation is the reason this expansion is called the cluster expansion: each term represents the interactions within clusters of a certain number of particles.
Substituting the expansion of the product back into the expression for the configuration integral results in a series expansion for formula_8:
Substituting in the equation for the free energy, it is possible to derive
the equation of state for the system of interacting particles. The equation will have the form
which is known as the Virial equation, and the components formula_20 are the Virial coefficients.
Each of the virial coefficients corresponds to one term from the cluster expansion (formula_21 is the two-particle interaction term, formula_22 is the three-particle interaction term and so on).
Keeping only the two-particle interaction term, it can be shown that the cluster expansion, with some approximations, gives the Van der Waals equation.
This can be applied further to mixtures of gases and liquid solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19698488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698488" title="Sweetbriar">
Sweetbriar

A Neoclassical mansion in Fairmount Park, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Sweetbriar is decorated in the Etruscan revival-style, with a double parlor and sweeping views of the Schuylkill River.
References.
Moss, Roger W., and Tom Crane. Historic Houses of Philadelphia: A Tour of the Region's Museum Homes. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 1998. 

</doc>
<doc id="19698503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698503" title="Anti-Zionism">
Anti-Zionism

Anti-Zionism is opposition to Zionism, a nationalism of Jews that supports a Jewish nation state in the territory defined as the Land of Israel. As a consequence, it also refers to opposition to some policies (such as the occupation of Palestine) or characteristics of the State of Israel and to the existence of the modern State of Israel.
The term is used to describe various religious, moral and political points of view but their diversity of motivation and expression is sufficiently different that "anti-Zionism" cannot be seen as having a single ideology or source. Several commentators have claimed that anti-Zionism has become a cover for modern-day anti-Semitism. Other commentators, such as Noam Chomsky, argue that Israeli supporters often try to equate anti-Zionism with antisemitism, to silence opposition to Israeli policies.
Definition.
Zionism may be defined as, "An international movement originally for the establishment of a Jewish national or religious community in Palestine and later for the support of modern Israel." Zionism is also "a political movement among Jews which holds that the Jews are a nation, and as such need to establish a national homeland", and as a religious movement within Orthodox Judaism which encourages Jews to establish a sovereign commonwealth in the Land of Israel that is governed by Halakha (Jewish law), and as "a movement to support the development and defense of the State of Israel, and to encourage Jews to settle there." Therefore, a possible definition for anti-Zionism is opposition to these objectives; and people, organizations or governments that oppose these objectives can in some sense be described as anti-Zionist. "Progressive Jewish Thought and the New Anti-Semitism," an essay published by the American Jewish Committee, concludes that, with the maturing of Israel since its founding in 1948, the term anti-Zionism in scholarly work is often used to mean advocating the elimination of the State of Israel. Opposition to Israel as a Jewish state is anti-Zionism or what can be called Post-Zionism.
Diversity of anti-Zionism.
Opposition to Zionism has changed over time and has taken on a spectrum of religious, ethical, political or military forms. Some include, opposition to the creation of a Jewish state prior to the appearance of the messiah, objection to the idea of a state based on maintenance of a Jewish majority, differing democratic values and differing levels of geographical extension.
Brian Klug of "The Guardian" has argued that anti-Zionism represents fair opposition to Israel. The legitimacy of anti-Zionist views has been disputed to the present day, including the more recent and disputed relationship between anti-Zionism and antisemitism. A range of other views regarding the various forms of anti-Zionism is discussed and debated.
Anti-Zionism outside the Jewish community.
Secular Arab.
According to philosopher Michael Neumann, Zionism as an "expansionist threat" has caused Arab hostility toward Israel and even antisemitism. Anti-Zionist sentiment has increased with ongoing Arab Israeli conflicts: after the June 1967 Six-Day War where Israel gained control of the Sinai Peninsula, the Gaza Strip, the West Bank, East Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights; during the 1982 Lebanon War where Israel Defense Forces invaded southern Lebanon, attacking the PLO, as well as Syria, leftist and Muslim Lebanese forces, leading to Israeli occupation of southern Lebanon; the 2002 Operation Defensive Shield in the West Bank, including the attack on the Jenin refugee camp; the 2006 Lebanon War; and the 2008–2009 Israel–Gaza conflict.
Pan-Arabist narratives in the 1960s Nasser era emphasized the idea of Palestine as a part of the Arab world taken by others. In this narrative, the natural means of combating Zionism is Arab nations uniting and attacking Israel militarily. Pan-Syrian narratives, promoted mainly by Syria, are essentially parallel.
In contrast, a poll of 507 Arab-Israelis conducted by the Israeli Democracy Institute in 2007 found that 75 percent profess support for Israel's status as a Jewish and democratic state which guarantees equal rights for minorities. Israeli Arab support for a constitution in general was 88 percent.
Muslim.
Muslim anti-Zionism considers the State of Israel an intrusion into what many Muslims consider to be Dar al-Islam, a domain rightfully, and permanently, ruled only by Muslims due the fact it was historically conquered in the name of Islam.
Palestinian and other Muslim groups, as well as the government of Iran (since the 1979 Islamic Revolution), insist that the State of Israel is illegitimate and refuse to refer to it as "Israel," instead using the locution "the Zionist entity" (see Iran–Israel relations). Islamic maps of the Middle East frequently do not show the State of Israel. In an interview with "Time Magazine" in December 2006, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said "Everyone knows that the Zionist regime is a tool in the hands of the United States and British governments."
The Grand Mufti of Jerusalem Mohammed Amin al Husseini opposed the Jewish immigration to Palestine before the creation of the State of Israel, and in several documented cases expressed his hostility toward Jews in general and Zionists in particular.
Christian.
Positions of the World Council of Churches.
The World Council of Churches has been described by some as taking anti-Zionist positions in connection with its criticisms of Israeli policy. They believe the council has focused disproportionately on activities and publications criticizing Israel in comparison with other human rights issues. The council members have been characterized by Israel's former Justice minister Amnon Rubinstein as anti-Zionist, saying "they just hate Israel."
Soviet Union.
From 1928–1934, during the so-called "Third Period" in the Soviet Union, Zionism was outlawed. But by the late 1930s, the official position of Zionism began to change to a more favourable one. In the Soviet encyclopedia of this time, it was stated that Jewish migration to Palestine had become a "progressive factor" because many of the workers stood on the left. At the beginning of 1947, the Soviet Union supported the partition of Palestine. Joseph Stalin wanted to use the Jews in Palestine against British imperialism, and to establish a point of support for the USSR in the Middle East.
During the last years of Stalin's rule, official support for the creation of Israel in 1948 was replaced by strong anti-zionism. The level of confrontation with those deemed as anti-Soviet "Jewish nationalists" was toned down after Stalin's death in 1953, but the official position of opposition to Zionism remained in force: the Anti-Zionist Committee of the Soviet Public, as well as numerous other initiatives, were state-sponsored.
As outlined in the third edition of the Great Soviet Encyclopedia (1969–1978), the Communist Party of the Soviet Union's position during the Cold War became: "the main posits of modern Zionism are militant chauvinism, racism, anti-Communism and anti-Sovietism... overt and covert fight against freedom movements and the USSR."
At the same time, the spectre of Jewish allegiance to Israel amid the tensions of the Arab-Israeli conflict raised fears of internal dissent and opposition. The Soviet government liquidated almost all remaining Jewish organizations. It placed synagogues under police surveillance, both openly and through the use of informers. At the same time, the general restriction on the right of refuseniks, or Soviet Jews seeking to emigrate for Israel, emerged as a major human rights issue in the West. (See Jackson-Vanik amendment.)
International.
Anti-Zionist sentiments were also manifested in organisations such as the Organization for African Unity and the Non-Aligned Movement, which passed resolutions condemning Zionism and equating it with racism and apartheid during the early 1970s. This culminated in the passing by the United Nations General Assembly of Resolution 3379 in November 1975, which declared that "Zionism is a form of racism."
The decision was revoked on 16 December 1991, when the General Assembly passed Resolution 4686, repealing resolution 3379, by a vote of 111 to 25, with 13 abstentions and 17 delegations absent. Thirteen out of the 19 Arab countries, including those engaged in negotiations with Israel, voted against the repeal, another six were absent. No Arab country voted for repeal. The Palestine Liberation Organisation denounced the vote. All of the ex-communist countries and most of the African countries who had supported Resolution 3379 voted to repeal it. Only four non-Muslim countries voted against the resolution: Cuba, Sri Lanka, North Korea and Vietnam. Likewise, only four Muslim countries voted for the resolution: Cote d'Ivoire, Albania, the Gambia and Nigeria. The rest abstained (including Turkey) or absented themselves. 
African-American.
After Israel occupied Palestinian territory following the 1967 Six-Day War, some African-Americans supported the Palestinians and criticized Israel's actions, for example by publicly supporting Palestinian leader Yassir Arafat and calling for the destruction of the Jewish state. Immediately after the war, the black power organization Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee published a newsletter criticizing Israel, and asserting that the war was an effort to regain Palestinian land and that during the 1948 war, "Zionists conquered the Arab homes and land through terror, force, and massacres". In 1993, philosopher Cornel West wrote: "Jews will not comprehend what the symbolic predicament and literal plight of Palestinians in Israel means to blacks... Blacks often perceive the Jewish defense of the state of Israel as a second instance of naked group interest, and, again, an abandonment of substantive moral deliberation." African-American support of Palestinians is frequently due to the consideration of Palestinians as people of color – political scientist Andrew Hacker writes: "The presence of Israel in the Middle East is perceived as thwarting the rightful status of people of color. Some blacks view Israel as essentially a white and European power, supported from the outside, and occupying space that rightfully belongs to the original inhabitants of Palestine."
Anti-Zionism and antisemitism.
In recent years, commentators have argued that contemporary manifestations of anti-Zionism have become a cover for antisemitism, and that a "new antisemitism" rooted in anti-Zionism has emerged.
Advocates of this concept argue that much of what purports to be criticism of Israel and Zionism is demonization, and has led to an international resurgence of attacks on Jews and Jewish symbols and an increased acceptance of antisemitic beliefs in public discourse. Critics of the concept argue that the equation of anti-Zionism with antisemitism is used to stifle legitimate criticisms of Israel, and trivializes antisemitism. Others go the other way and claim "anti-Zionism" has become a requisite proof of progressive conviction today, and is similar to Jews converting to Christianity a century ago.
Professor Kenneth L. Marcus, former staff director at the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, identifies four main views on the relationship between anti-Zionism and antisemitism, at least in North America:
Marcus also states: "Unsurprisingly, recent research has shown a close correlation between anti-Israeli views and anti-Semitic views based on a survey of citizens in ten European countries."
Professor Robert S. Wistrich, head of the Vidal Sassoon International Center for the Study of Antisemitism at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, is the originator of Marcus's second view of anti-Zionism (that anti-Zionism and antisemitism merged post-1948) argues that much contemporary anti-Zionism, particularly forms that compare Zionism and Jews with Hitler and the Third Reich, has become a form of antisemitism:
Anti-Zionism has become the most dangerous and effective form of anti-Semitism in our time, through its systematic delegitimization, defamation, and demonization of Israel. Although not "a priori" anti-Semitic, the calls to dismantle the Jewish state, whether they come from Muslims, the Left, or the radical Right, increasingly rely on an anti-Semitic stereotypization of classic themes, such as the manipulative "Jewish lobby," the Jewish/Zionist "world conspiracy," and Jewish/Israeli "warmongers."
Dina Porat (head of the Institute for Study of Antisemitism and Racism at Tel-Aviv University) contends that anti-Zionism is anti-semitic because it is discriminatory:
...antisemitism is involved when the belief is articulated that of all the peoples on the globe (including the Palestinians), only the Jews should not have the right to self-determination in a land of their own. Or, to quote noted human rights lawyer David Matas:
One form of antisemitism denies access of Jews to goods and services because they are Jewish. Another form of antisemitism denies the right of the Jewish people to exist as a people because they are Jewish. Antizionists distinguish between the two, claiming the first is antisemitism, but the second is not. To the antizionist, the Jew can exist as an individual as long as Jews do not exist as a people.
Israeli journalist Ben-Dror Yemini maintains that anti-Zionism is "politically correct antisemitism" and argues that the same way Jews were demonized, Israel is demonized, the same way the right of Jews to exist was denied, the right for Self-determination is denied from Israel, the same way Jews were presented as a menace to the world, Israel is presented as a menace to the world.
In July 2001, the Simon Wiesenthal Center reported that during a visit there, German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer stated that "anti-Zionism inevitably leads to antisemitism."
Brian Klug has argued that anti-Zionism and antisemitism are distinct but not mutually exclusive concepts:There is a long and ignoble history of "Zionist" being used as a code word for "Jew," as when Communist Poland carried out "anti-Zionist" purges in 1968, expelling thousands of Jews from the country, or when the extreme right today uses the acronym ZOG (Zionist Occupied Government) to refer to the US government. Moreover, the Zionist movement arose as a reaction to the persecution of Jews. Since anti-Zionism is the opposite of Zionism, and since Zionism is a form of opposition to anti-Semitism, it seems to follow that an anti-Zionist must be an anti-Semite.
Nonetheless, the inference is invalid. To argue that hostility to Israel and hostility to Jews are one and the same thing is to conflate the Jewish state with the Jewish people. In fact, Israel is one thing, Jewry another. Accordingly, anti-Zionism is one thing, anti-Semitism another. They are separate. To say they are separate is not to say that they are never connected. But they are independent variables that can be connected in different ways.
Some critics of Israeli policy argue that Israeli propagandists and supporters often try to equate anti-Zionism and criticism of Israeli policy, with antisemitism, to silence opposition to Israeli policies. Noam Chomsky for example argues:There have long been efforts to identify anti-Semitism and anti-Zionism in an effort to exploit anti-racist sentiment for political ends; "one of the chief tasks of any dialogue with the Gentile world is to prove that the distinction between anti-Semitism and anti-Zionism is not a distinction at all," Israeli diplomat Abba Eban argued, in a typical expression of this intellectually and morally disreputable position (Eban, Congress Bi-Weekly, March 30, 1973). But that no longer suffices. It is now necessary to identify criticism of Israeli policies as anti-Semitism – or in the case of Jews, as "self-hatred," so that all possible cases are covered.
Jewish anti-Zionism.
Interpretations of "Aliyah".
Hope for return to the land of Israel is embodied in the content of the Jewish religion (see Kibbutz Galuyot.) "Aliyah", the Hebrew word meaning "ascending" or "going up" is the word used to describe religious Jewish return to Israel, and has been used since ancient times. From the Middle Ages and onwards, many famous rabbis and often their followers, returned to the land of Israel. These have included Nahmanides, Yechiel of Paris, Isaac Luria, Yosef Karo, Menachem Mendel of Vitebsk among others. For Jews in the Diaspora "Eretz Israel" was revered in a religious sense. They prayed, and thought of the return, as being fulfilled in a messianic age. Return remained a recurring theme for generations, particularly in Passover and Yom Kippur prayers which traditionally concluded with, "Next year in Jerusalem", as well as the thrice-daily "Amidah" (Standing prayer).
Following Jewish Enlightenment however, Reform Judaism dropped many traditional beliefs, including "aliyah", as incompatible with modern life within the Diaspora. Later, Zionism re-kindled the concept of "aliyah" in an ideological and political sense, parallel with traditional religious belief; it was used to increase Jewish population in the Holy Land by immigration and it remains a basic tenet of Zionist ideology. Support for aliyah does not always equal immigration however, as a majority of the world Jewish population remains within the Diaspora. Support for the modern Zionist movement is not universal and as a result, some religious Jews as well as some secular Jews, do not support Zionism. Non-Zionist Jews are not necessarily anti-Zionists, although some are. Generally however, Zionism does have the support of the majority of the Jewish religious organizations, with support from segments of the Orthodox movement, and most of the Conservative, and more recently, the Reform movement.
Many Hasidic rabbis oppose the creation of a Jewish state. The leader of the Satmar Hasidic group, Rabbi Joel Teitelbaum's book, "VaYoel Moshe", published in 1958, expounds one Orthodox position on Zionism, based on a literal form of "midrash" (biblical interpretation). Citing to Tractate Kesubos 111a of the Talmud Teitelbaum states that God and the Jewish people exchanged three oaths at the time of the Jews' exile from ancient Israel, forbidding the Jewish people from massively immigrating to the Land of Israel, and from rebelling against the nations of the world.
Jewish Orthodox religious groups.
In the early history of Zionism many traditional religious Jews opposed ideas of nationalism (Jewish or otherwise) which they regarded as a secular ideology, which some viewed as a violation of the Three Oaths. Key traditionalist opponents of Zionism included Isaac Breuer, Hillel Zeitlin, Aaron Shmuel Tamares, Elazar Shapiro (Muncatz), and Joel Teitelbaum, all waged ideological religious, as well as political, battles with Zionism each in their own way.
Most Orthodox religious groups have accepted and actively support the State of Israel, even if they have not adopted "Zionist" ideology. The World Agudath Israel party (founded in Poland) has at times participated in Israeli government coalitions. Most religious Zionists hold pro-Israel views from a right-wing viewpoint. The main exceptions are Hasidic groups such as Satmar Hasidim, which have about 100,000 adherents world wide, as well as numerous different, smaller Hasidic groups, unified in America in the Central Rabbinical Congress of the United States and Canada and in Israel in the Edah HaChareidis.
Secular.
The Jewish community is not a single united group and responses vary both between and within Jewish groups. One of the principal divisions is that between secular Jews and religious Jews. The reasons for secular opposition to the Zionist movement are very different from those of religious Jews.
Prior to the Second World War many Jews regarded Zionism as a fanciful and unrealistic movement. Many liberals during the European Enlightenment had argued that Jews should enjoy full equality only on the condition that they pledge their singular loyalty to their nation-state and entirely assimilate to the local national culture; they called for the "regeneration" of the Jewish people in exchange for rights. Those liberal Jews who accepted integration and/or assimilation principles saw Zionism as a threat to efforts to facilitate Jewish citizenship and equality within the European nation-state context.
The Jewish Anti-Zionist League, in Egypt, was a Communist-influenced anti-Zionist league in the years 1946–1947. In Israel, there are several Jewish anti-Zionist organisations and politicians, many of these are related to Matzpen.
Noam Chomsky has reported a change in the boundaries of what are considered Zionist and anti-Zionist views. In 1947, in his youth, Chomsky's support for a socialist binational state, in conjunction with his opposition to any semblance of a theocratic system of governance in Israel, was at the time considered well within the mainstream of secular Zionism; today, it lands him solidly in the anti-Zionist camp. Modern American groups such as J Street are taken as evidence of an "anomalous pattern of internal defection" created as a result of anti-Zionism.
Alvin H. Rosenfeld in his much discussed essay, Progressive Jewish Thought and the New Anti-Semitism, claims that a "number of Jews, through their speaking and writing, are feeding a rise in virulent antisemitism by questioning whether Israel should even exist." Rosenfeld's general claims are:
Some Jewish organizations oppose Zionism as an integral part of their anti-imperialism. Some secular Jews today, particularly socialists and Marxists, continue to oppose the State of Israel on anti-imperialist and human rights grounds. Many oppose it as a form of nationalism, which they argue to be a product of capitalist societies. One secular anti-Zionist group today is the International Jewish Anti-Zionist Network, a socialist, anti-war, and anti-imperialist organization which calls for "the dismantling of Israeli apartheid, the return of Palestinian refugees, and the ending of the Israeli colonization of historic Palestine".
World War II and the creation of Israel.
Attitudes changed during and following the war. In May, 1942, before the full revelation of the Holocaust, the Biltmore Program proclaimed a fundamental departure from traditional Zionist policy of a “homeland” with its demand ""that Palestine be established as a Jewish Commonwealth."" Opposition to official Zionism’s firm, unequivocal stand caused some prominent Zionists to establish their own party, Ichud (Unification), which advocated an Arab – Jewish Federation in Palestine. Opposition to the Biltmore Program also led to the founding of the anti-Zionist American Council for Judaism.
The full knowledge of the Holocaust altered the views of many who critiqued Zionism before 1948, including the British journalist Isaac Deutscher, a socialist and lifelong atheist who nevertheless emphasised the importance of his Jewish heritage. Before World War II, Deutscher opposed Zionism as economically retrograde and harmful to the cause of international socialism, but in the aftermath of the Holocaust he regretted his pre-war views, arguing for Israel's establishment as a "historic necessity" to provide a refuge for the surviving Jews of Europe. In the 1960s, Deutscher renewed his criticism of Zionism, scrutinizing Israel for its failure to recognise the dispossession of the Palestinians.
Anti-Zionist conspiracy theories.
Claims that the Zionist movement controls world history or seeks to achieve world domination are roughly as old as the Zionist movement. The most influential of these claims is the Tsarist forgery, The Protocols of the Elders of Zion, which remains popular.
In 1939, the Nazi German paper Volkischer Beobachter, justified the German occupation of Czechoslovakia
with the headline: "In Prague Jewry is in power". In 1968, the East German communist paper Neues Deutschland justified the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia with the headline "In Prague Zionism is in power". Simon Wiesenthal subsequently found 39 formerly influential Nazi party members working in the East German press and now directing their campaigns at Zionists.
From the 1960s, the Soviet Union promoted the allegation of secret ties between the Nazis and the Zionist leadership. This included claims that the Zionist movement inflated or faked the impact of the Holocaust. The thesis of 1982 doctoral dissertation of Mahmoud Abbas (a co-founder of Fatah and president of the Palestinian Authority who earned his PhD in history at the Moscow Institute of Oriental Studies, with Yevgeny Primakov as thesis advisor) was "The Secret Connection between the Nazis and the Leaders of the Zionist Movement". In his 1983 book "The Other Face: The Secret Connection Between the Nazis and the Zionist Movement", based on the dissertation, Abbas wrote:
A different version of this conspiracy theory claims that Nazis and Zionists had a shared interest or even cooperated in the extermination of Europe's Jewry, as persecution would force them to flee to Palestine, then under British administration. Similar claims are occasionally made by Hezbollah or Hamas sources.
In 1995, William Korey released a work entitled "Russian antisemitism, Pamyat, and the demonology of Zionism". Korey's central argument is that the Soviet Union promoted an "official Judeophobic propaganda campaign" under the guise of anti-Zionism from 1967 to 1986; after this program was shut down by Mikhail Gorbachev, a populist and chauvinist group called Pamyat emerged in the more open climate of Glasnost to promote an openly anti-Semitic message. Korey also argues that much official late-period Soviet anti-Semitism may be traced back to the influence of "Protocols of the Elders of Zion". He notes, for instance, that a 1977 Soviet work entitled "International Zionism: History and Politics" contains the allegation that most major Wall Street financial institutions are "large financial-industrial Jewish monopolies" exercising control over many countries in the world. "Russian antisemitism" was reviewed by Robert O. Freedman in the "Slavic Review"; while he concurs with the book's central thesis, Freedman nevertheless writes that the actual extent of Soviet anti-Semitism may have been less than Korey suggests.
Before the Second World War many prominent Britons maintained that the tension between Germany and Britain was the result of Jewish warmongering. In 1935 the British Union of Fascists mounted a "peace campaign" against war, claiming an alliance of international financiers and Jews were leading Britain to war with Germany. However by 1938 the public mood had changed and Admiral Domville wrote "it is interesting to see how permeated these people are with the war germ. Israel has done its work well." Similar accusations have been made regarding Zionism and the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
The Sudanese government has alleged that the Darfur uprising (in which some 500,000 have been killed) is part of a wider Zionist conspiracy. Egyptian media have alleged that the Zionist movement deliberately spreads HIV in Egypt.
According to the Anti-Defamation League, Neo-Nazi and radical Muslim groups allege the US government is controlled by Jews, describing it as the "Zionist Occupation Government".
Article 22 of the 1988 Hamas charter claims that the French Revolution, the Russian Revolution, colonialism and both world wars were created by the Zionists or forces supportive of Zionism. Article 32 alleges that the Zionist movement seeks to create an Empire stretching from the Nile in Egypt to the Euphrates river in Iraq.
In April 2010, Abd Al-Azim Al-Maghrabi, the Deputy Head of Egyptian Arab Lawyers Union, stated in an interview with Al-Manar TV (as translated by MEMRI) that the Hepatitis C virus was produced by "the Zionists" and that "this virus is now spreading in Egypt like wildfire." He also called for it to be "classified as one of the war crimes perpetrated by the Zionist enemy."
In June 2010, Egyptian cleric Mus’id Anwar gave a speech which aired on Al-Rahma TV (as translated by MEMRI) in which he alleged that the game of soccer (as well as swimming, bullfighting and tennis) was in fact a Zionist conspiracy, stating that:
As you know, the Jews, or the Zionists, have The Protocols of the Elders of Zion. Over 100 years ago, they formulated a plan to rule the world, and they are implementing this plan. One of the protocols says: “Keep the preoccupied with songs, soccer, and movies.” Is it or isn’t it happening? It is...The Zionists manage to generate animosity among Muslims, and even between Muslim countries, by means of soccer. 

</doc>
<doc id="19698504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698504" title="Asiadelphia">
Asiadelphia

Asiadelphia ("Asian opossum") is an order of Cretaceous Metatherians. Different from the Ameridelphia, they lacked a prominent distolateral process on the scaphoid, and possessed a more slender fibula. The masseteric fossa is deeper in this group than the true Marsupials. 
Further reading.
Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska, Richard L. Cifelli, and Zhe-Xi Luo, "Mammals from the Age of Dinosaurs: Origins, Evolution, and Structure" (New York: Columbia University Press, 2004), 15, 451-452.

</doc>
<doc id="19698519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698519" title="Kananginak Pootoogook">
Kananginak Pootoogook

Kananginak Pootoogook (1 January 1935 – 23 November 2010) was an Inuk sculptor and printmaker who lived in Cape Dorset, Nunavut, in Canada. He died as a result of complications related to surgery for lung cancer.
Biography.
Pootoogook was born at a traditional Inuit camp called Ikerasak, near Cape Dorset, Nunavut (then in the Northwest Territories) to Josephie Pootoogook, leader of the camp, and Sarah Ningeokuluk. The family lived a traditional lifestyle hunting and trapping while living in an "iglu" in the winter and a sod house in the summer and did not move into their first southern style house until 1942. In 1957 Pootoogook married Shooyoo, moved to Cape Dorset and began work for James Houston.
Originally, Pootoogook did some carving, made prints and lithographs for other artists. At the same time he was a leader in setting up the West Baffin Eskimo Co-operative, the first Inuit owned co-op, now part of the Arctic Co-operatives Limited and served from 1959 until 1964 as the president. Although Kananginak had worked with his father, Josephie, in 1959, it was not until the 1970s that Kananginak began work as a full-time artist producing drawings, carvings and prints. According to Terry Ryan, former Co-op manager, Pootoogook was both influenced by and an admirer of the works of his uncle, photographer and historian Peter Pitseolak.
The World Wildlife Commission released a limited edition set in 1977 that included four of Pootoogook's images and in 1980 he was elected to the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts. In 1997 Pootoogook built a inukshuk in Cape Dorset for former Governor General of Canada, Roméo LeBlanc. The inukshuk was dismantled and shipped to Ottawa and with the assistance of his son, Johnny, it was rebuilt at Rideau Hall and unveiled on 21 June, National Aboriginal Day.
Pootoogook had several exhibitions and showings of his work. In 2010, he went to Vancouver for the 2010 Winter Olympics and to open a showing of his work at the Marion Scott Gallery. He also had a showing of his work, his first solo exhibition at a public institution, at the Museum of Inuit Art in Toronto from February to May 2010. He also received a 2010 National Aboriginal Achievement Award in the arts category from the National Aboriginal Achievement Foundation.
While working on his final, and unfinished, drawing of a Peterhead owned by his father, he was struck by coughing spells, which he declared was cancer. Along with his wife, Shooyoo, he flew to Ottawa, staying at the Larga Baffin home, and was diagnosed with lung cancer. In October 2010, he underwent surgery and did not recover. He died 23 November 2010 in Ottawa. He is survived by his wife, seven children and several grandchildren and great-grandchildren. He is buried in Cape Dorset.

</doc>
<doc id="19698524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698524" title="Centigrade (film)">
Centigrade (film)

Centigrade (2007) is a contemporary thriller short film starring Colin Cunningham, Daniel Brodsky, and Bernhard Lachkovics about a man trapped in a trailer. It won Leo Awards and awards at Method Fest Independent Film Festival and Cinequest Film Festival. The producers are working to turn the short into a feature film.
Plot.
A Man (Colin Cunningham) awakens one morning with a hangover to discover that he has been taken hostage aboard his old, run down trailer which is being towed down the highway by a mysterious black truck; he desperately tries to find a way out of the sealed vehicle before he burns inside.
Colin Cunningham describes the movie as follows: ""Centigrade", in a nutshell, is about a guy who lives in an old dilapidated, busted-up trailer. There's no wheels on it. It's just laying dead in the weeds. owner does a bad thing, and he wakes up in the morning and trailer is rolling down the highway. It's being towed by a big, black pickup truck. The doors won't open and the windows won't break and he can't get out. That's essentially what it's about. It's about a man trapped."
Production.
The part of the main character was originally to go to another actor, but difficulties forced Cunningham to take the part himself. The script was written 17 years ago; Madison Graie suggested to Cunningham that they apply for the Directors Guild of Canada's "Kickstart Program" to make "Fahrenheit" ("Centigrade"'s original title). The pair won one of the five Kickstart awards and used the $20,000 CAD prize to make the film.
Due to signing with Shorts International, "Centigrade" will be available on iTunes, the first Canadian live action short to appear there. Cunningham and Graie are working on turning "Centigrade" into a feature film.
Awards.
Wins.
"Centigrade"'s Award for Best Narrative Short at Cinequest Film Festival qualifies it to be nominated for an Oscar.

</doc>
<doc id="19698585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698585" title="Kneeboard (disambiguation)">
Kneeboard (disambiguation)

Kneeboard may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19698629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698629" title="Hollow Dreams">
Hollow Dreams

Hollow Dreams is the début full-length studio album by Sri Lanka-based heavy metal band, Stigmata. The album was released in 2003.
Another noteworthy factor is that this was the first heavy metal album released by a Sri Lankan band.

</doc>
<doc id="19698635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698635" title="Solna Church">
Solna Church

Solna kyrka is a so-called round church in Solna Municipality near Stockholm, Sweden. The church is located on the headland between "Brunnsviken" and "Ulvsundasjön", at the southern end of the cemetery Norra begravningsplatsen. The oldest parts of the church are from the later 12th century, a Romanesque fortress church built in stone.
Today the church consists of a roundhouse, weaponhouse, choir, nave, sacristy, and two grave choirs.
Church buildings.
The oldest part of the church, the roundhouse, originates from the late 12th century, and was especially built for defense purposes. Attached to this round center is a weaponhouse (south), a rectangular choir to the east, and a rectangular nave to the west. North of the choir is the sacristy, and to the east an octagonal grave choir. There is a second grave choir on the south side of the nave. The roundhouse (central tower) is covered by a tall cupola, which dominates the appearance of the church. The choir was added in the 13th century. The oldest part of the nave is from the 14th century, and was extended during the 15th century, when the weaponhouse and sacristy were built.
Decorations.
The church achieved large parts of its interior under the patronage of Magnus Gabriel de la Gardie. In 1674 the western portal was added, a sculptured portal originally constructed for Karlbergs slott in 1637, and moved to Solna church in 1674. In 1708 Queen Ulrika Eleonora commissioned a grave choir dedicated to count Tomas Polus. The roof was destroyed in a fire in 1723, and the current cupola was built after this incident. The "Lange" grave choir was constructed in the 1780s. In 1883 the church was given a roof of copper plates.
A major restoration took place in 1928 under supervision of architect Erik Fant, when the church's medieval paintings were recovered. The medieval murals from ca. 1440 are attributed to Albertus Pictor.
The choir is dominated by the altar centre-piece, sculpted in wood in 1666 by Hans Jerling. The centre-piece frames two oil paintings with biblical motifs, and is crowned by a wood-sculptured Madonna from the late 16th century, while the altar is made of brick and covered by a limestone plate.
Literary reference.
Solna Church is mentioned in Carl Michael Bellman's song "Haga" (Fredmans Sånger No. 64).
Other round churches.
Other Swedish round churches are "Bromma Church", "Munsö Church", "Voxtorps Church", "Hagby Church", "Valleberga Church", "Skörstorps Church" and "Vårdsbergs Church".

</doc>
<doc id="19698653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698653" title="Cristóbal Domínguez">
Cristóbal Domínguez

Cristóbal Domínguez (April 5, 1931 – June 1979) was an Argentine chess master.
He has been one of the most significant developers of the chess game study techniques since the early 1960s, when he began preparing young players with major national and international potential, in the sea-side resort city of Mar del Plata.
In 1959, Domínguez arrived in Mar del Plata with the national chess master title. By November same year he represented Mar del Plata at the Argentinian Championship. 
He was the Mar del Plata City Champion for three years in 1960, 1961, and 1963. Domínguez was also part of the Mar del Plata team in several national events, leading the team to the National Championship victory in 1961 and to win the "Playas de Necochea" Tournament (the beach tournament in Necochea) several times.
For his victory in 1964, the newspaper "Crónica" pointed out the skill of the Mar del Plata City chess players and the influence of Cristobal Dominguez:
Domínguez, Argentine Master winner of the Bahía Blanca Tournament in 1960 is the man responsible for this renaissance of Mar del Plata chess. There was a time, 15 years ago, in which Mar del Plata results were poor, but a new generation, led by Dominguez, with some young men showing their quality to the local and national public has born. Players like Serra, Serfaty, Vasta, Brond, De Urquía, shown that progress and study policy, the search for perfection, which Dominguez led and directed has its results.
In 1967, he toured through different countries including Israel, Italy and Spain, where he had a brilliant performance.
In the late 60s, Domínguez retired from the Mar del Plata chess team. He went to Piriápolis, Uruguay with his wife, Felicidad Margarita Polo, and two children, Pedro and Manuel, while his daughter Isabel remained in Buenos Aires. He continued playing chess but only for exhibition.
People in Piriapolis and other Uruguayan cities where Dominguez had been playing still remember (30 years later) his quality and teachings; afflicted by cancer, he died at the age of 48 in June 1979.
The Chess Committee of the Credico-op Bank (Argentina's largest credit union) has organized a tournament with his name since April 1, 2000, and eight yearly editions have been played - each growing in the number of participants and relevance.

</doc>
<doc id="19698720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698720" title="Morbid Indiscretion">
Morbid Indiscretion

Morbid Indiscretion is the first EP by Sri Lanka-based heavy metal band, Stigmata. The EP was released on May 23, 2002. The EP sold out in less than 3 months. All three songs would appear on their next album, Hollow Dreams.

</doc>
<doc id="19698740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698740" title="Anastasia Chebotareva">
Anastasia Chebotareva

Anastasia Chebotareva (born in Odessa, 1972) is a Russian violinist. 
She debuted abroad at the 1989 Paganini Competition, where she was awarded the 4th prize. In 1994 she shared with Jennifer Koh the X Tchaikovsky Competition's 2nd prize, with no 1st prize awarded. Two years later she graduated from the Moscow Conservatory.
Besides her concert career, Chebotareva is active in Russia and Japan. She is a soloist of the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="19698762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698762" title="James Forlong">
James Forlong

James George Roche Forlong (6 November 1824 – 29 March 1904) was a Major General of the Indian Army who trained as an engineer in Scotland and England. He joined the Indian Army in 1843 later filling various posts including that of Secretary and Chief Engineer to the government of Oudh. Exposure to Indian religions while doing missionary work led him to abandon his Christian faith, and into some very heterodox ideas about religious origins, including those of the ancient Hebrews. These found expression in his massive work of comparative religion, "Rivers of Life", with its markedly sexual, some would say blasphemous, interpretation of religious rites and symbolism. He was an Honorary Associate of the Rationalist Press Association, to which he left a sum of money in his will. He died in 1904.
Rivers of Life.
""...the shower of phallicism that burst upon the reading public in the shape of General Forlong's "Rivers of Life""."
The book is in two large volumes together with a huge coloured Chronological Chart of the Religions of the World representing different currents:- 
Tree Worship
Phallic Worship
Serpent Worship
Fire Worship
Sun Worship
Ancestor Worship
All of these originated very early in mankind’s history, and form streams flowing down the millennia and separating and commingling into the major religions.
Some Themes.
Like Payne-Knight, D’Hancarville and Hargrave Jennings he is of the phallicist school of religious anthropology. Phallic worship had two wings, the right hand, or lingam and the left had path of the yoni worshipers,
The Garden of Eden story was simply that of human generation. Eve bruised the serpent’s head and he bruised what is euphemistically called her heel.
The Ark of the Covenant represented a female sex organ or yoni, and the two stones it contained signified testicles.
The early Jews practiced a most crude and extreme form of phallic worship. Elohim was the same as Baal and their worship was lingamist, the Yahweh worshiping revolt against it (spearheaded by the prophets) was a pro-yoni movement, like Indian Shaktism.
Christian churches are constructed on phallic principles.
All these ideas are backed up which great erudition and parallels from antiquity, India and the far east.
Quotes.
"The numerous tales of holy trees groves and gardens repeated everywhere and in every possible form justify me in my belief that Tree Worship was first known and after it came Lingam or Phallic, with of course the female form A-dama." 
"He Serpent is the special Phallic symbol which veils the actual God and therefore do we find him the constant early attendant upon Priapus or Lingam, which I regard as the second religion of the world."
"Phallic Worship, the second if not the first of man’s faiths."
External links.
The Chart
Forlong Dux

</doc>
<doc id="19698814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698814" title="Sergio Messina">
Sergio Messina

Sergio Messina (September 18, 1959) is an Italian musician, radio maker, writer, teacher and artist.
In 1989 his no copyright, self distributed song Radiogladio got him international attention. Subsequently he produced "Curre curre guaglio"', 99 Posse's debut album, and then his own "La Vendetta del Mulino Bianco". As a remixer he's worked with many Italian musicians, including Avion Travel, Casino Royale and Elio e le Storie Tese. His Radio art works have been produced and broadcast by many stations worldwide since the late 80es, including the Italian RAI and the Austrian ORF. Since 1996 Messina has a page on the underground music magazine Rumore, and since 2003 he's a columnist for the Italian edition of Rolling Stone magazine, where writes about alternative sexualities. He coordinates the Sound Design course at Istituto Europeo di Design in Milano, where he also teaches History of Pop Culture. Since 2000 he's researching on Realcore (his own term), digital amateur pornography freely distributed online; he presents this research in a live show entitled "Realcore: the digital porno revolution". Mark Dery wrote in 2006: "Messina, 47, is the Margaret Mead of alt sex on the Internet." In 2009 he was visiting artist and full faculty at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. In 2010 his book was published by Tunuè in Italy.
References.
VV AA, C'lick Me - A Netporn Studies Reader, edited by Katrien Jacobs, Matteo Pasquinelli, Marije Jannsen, Institute of Network Cultures, 2007, ISBN 978-90-78146-03-2.
VV AA, RE-INVENTING RADIO - Aspects of radio as art, edited by Heidi Grundmann, Elisabeth Zimmermann, Reinhard Braun, Dieter Daniels, Andreas Hirsch, Anne Thurmann-Jajes, Revolver books, 2008, ISBN 978-3-86588-453-4

</doc>
<doc id="19698846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698846" title="The Race (novel)">
The Race (novel)

The Race a political thriller written by Richard North Patterson. It is set during the 2008 presidential election, and revolves around fictional Ohioan Senator Corey Grace, and his quest to become the Republican nominee for President of the United States. "The Race" is found in over 1500 libraries according to WorldCat.
Main Characters:
Corey Grace:
Senator from Ohio
Republican
Was a fighter pilot in the beginning of the book. He became a POW and was later awarded the purple heart. Had a family that he wasn't close to. Became a Senator after the war. Appealed to veterans of the war.He dates a black actress "Lexie Hart" throughout the book.
Rob Marotta:
Senate Majority Leader 
Republican
"SleazeBall" Attempts to win the presidency through power, money, and manipulation. 
Bob Christy:
Governor of _____
Republican
Religious fanatic, "Messenger from God". Is liked by very religious Catholics, and has a strong backing from Religious fanatics.
Cortland Lane
Blake Rustin
Jack Walters
Magnus Price
Alex Rohr
Governor Blair
Governor Costas
Governor Larkin
This Page is a work in Progress

</doc>
<doc id="19698868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698868" title="Round Lake (Eden Prairie)">
Round Lake (Eden Prairie)

Round Lake is a lake in the city of Eden Prairie, Hennepin County, Minnesota. There is a park called Round Lake Park near the lake that holds various gatherings such as a Fourth of July Celebration and other city-sponsored events.

</doc>
<doc id="19698888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698888" title="Leonard Henry Rochford">
Leonard Henry Rochford

Leonard Henry ('Tich') Rochford DSC & Bar, DFC (10 November 1896 – 17 December 1986) was a British World War I Flying Ace with twenty-nine credited victories.
Involvement in World War I.
Born in Enfield in 1896, Rochford attempted to join the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS) at the start of war but was rejected as being too young. He learned to fly with London & Provincial Aviation Company, qualifying on 7 October 1915 and joined the RNAS in May 1916. After a period of training he was posted to 3 Naval Squadron in January 1917. He remained with this unit until the end of the war.
Rochford shot down his first enemy aircraft, an Albatros D-I scout, on 4 May 1917, whilst flying a Sopwith Pup. 
His 29 claims consisted of 13 destroyed enemy craft (including 7 shared), and 16 driven down out of control (including 5 shared).

</doc>
<doc id="19698902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698902" title="Silent Chaos Serpentine">
Silent Chaos Serpentine

Silent Chaos Serpentine is the second full-length studio album by Sri Lanka-based heavy metal band, Stigmata. The album was released in January 2006.
The Album Current was on Australia's top metal site wwww.themetalforge.com's top 50 reviews of all time for over a year and was positioned at no.9.
The Album was also nominated for an Album of the Year on the site tmetal.com

</doc>
<doc id="19698915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698915" title="List of countries by incarceration rate">
List of countries by incarceration rate

__TOC__
Incarceration rates.
"c." (circa) indicates that the figure is approximate. 
Note: Little information exists regarding North Korea's incarceration rate. The U.S. Committee for Human Rights in North Korea estimates 150,000 to 200,000 incarcerated based on testimony of defectors from the state police bureau, which roughly equals 600-800 people incarcerated per 100,000. For more info see Prisons in North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19698957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698957" title="Paul Baier">
Paul Baier

Paul Baier (born February 2, 1985) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman currently with the Orlando Solar Bears of the ECHL.
Playing career.
Baier was drafted in the third round, 95th overall, by the Los Angeles Kings in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. Prior to playing professional hockey, Baier attended Brown University.
Unsigned from the Kings he participated in the Buffalo Sabres training camp prior to the 2008–09 season before he was released to AHL affiliate, the Portland Pirates. Following his first full professional season with the Pirates Baier was invited to the Ottawa Senators training camp on September 12, 2009, and played the 2009–10 season with AHL affiliate, the Binghamton Senators.
The following season Baier returned to the Rochester Americans, signing a one-year contract on September 14, 2010.
Baier became a free agent for the 2011–12 season, and was signed by the Hershey Bears to a one-year AHL contract in July 2011. Subsequently, the Washington Capitals invited him to their training camp in September 2011.
However, Paul Baier began the 2011–12 season with the Capitals' and Bears' ECHL affiliate the South Carolina Stingrays. On January 24, 2012, with only two games with the Hershey Bears, Baier was mutually released from his contract and immediately joined the Italian Serie A for the remainder of the year.
On July 29, 2013, he was signed to a one-year deal, alongside his younger brother Eric, as a free agent with the Orlando Solar Bears.

</doc>
<doc id="19698964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698964" title="Bimo (disambiguation)">
Bimo (disambiguation)

Bimo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19698967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19698967" title="Bruce Voeller">
Bruce Voeller

Bruce Raymond Voeller (May 12, 1934 – February 13, 1994) was a biologist and researcher, primarily in the field of AIDS.
Biography.
Voeller was born in Minneapolis. When he was at school, he was assured by a school counselor that he was not homosexual, even though he had felt such feelings very early on.
Voeller graduated with a bachelor's degree from Reed College in 1956. He was awarded a five year fellowship to the Rockefeller Institute, and earned a Ph.D. in biology in 1961. He became an associate professor at the Institute in 1966. He wrote four books while there, as well as editing others' work, and writing numerous papers and articles. He married Kytja Scott Voeller, whom he met at graduate school, and they had three children.
He came out at the age of 29, and divorced from his wife in 1971. After becoming president of the New York Gay Activists Alliance, he decided it was not wide enough in its coverage. Therefore, with some friends, he founded the National Gay Task Force in October 1973, and was its director until 1978. The Task Force established affiliations with more than 2000 gay groups, and by 1978 had over 10,000 members. In 1977, the National Gay Task Force (now the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force) successfully initiated the first-ever meeting between the White House and more than a dozen gay and lesbian leaders. President Jimmy Carter’s assistant, Midge Costanza, met with Task Force co-chairs and board members as well as representatives of gay and lesbian organizations for a briefing on critical policy issues affecting this constituency. The meeting marked the first time openly gay and lesbian leaders were welcomed at the White House and the first official discussion of gay and lesbian rights in the White House. Attendees at the White House meeting included: Frank Kameny, Myra Keddell, Charles Brydon, Ray Hartman, Betty Powell, William Kelley, Troy Perry, Jean O'Leary, Elaine Noble, George Raya and Pokey Anderson. He also founded the Mariposa Foundation, which specializes in sex research, and sexually transmitted diseases.
Before the 1980s, AIDS was known by various names, including GRIDD (Gay Related Immune Defense Disorder). Because this term was inaccurate, Voeller coined the term "acquired immune deficiency syndrome". His partner was Richard Lucik, who was also his associate at Mariposa. Voeller died in 1994 of an AIDS related illness in California, at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="19699054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699054" title="L'Enfer (1994 film)">
L'Enfer (1994 film)

"L'Enfer" ("Hell") is a 1994 French film directed by Claude Chabrol. It was adapted by Chabrol from the screenplay by Henri-Georges Clouzot for the unfinished film "L'Enfer", which Clouzot began shooting in 1964 but was unable to complete. The producer of Chabrol's film was Marin Karmitz and the leading actors were Emmanuelle Béart and François Cluzet.
Plot summary.
Paul (Cluzet) and Nelly (Béart) are a married couple who run a successful hotel. Paul begins to suspect Nelly of being unfaithful, and eventually descends into paranoia from which there is no escape. Instead of the usual final caption, "The End", "L'Enfer" finishes on a caption that reads "Without end..."

</doc>
<doc id="19699058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699058" title="Lob der Frauen">
Lob der Frauen

Lob der Frauen ("Praise of Women"), Op. 315, is a polka-mazurka composed by Johann Strauss II. The composition was first performed at the Vienna Volksgarten at the 1867 Carnival in Vienna. The work was performed alongside other compositions that Strauss had written around that period, including the famous waltzes "Blue Danube" and "Artist's Life".

</doc>
<doc id="19699060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699060" title="Blake (disambiguation)">
Blake (disambiguation)

Blake is a given name and surname of English origin. 
Blake or Blake's may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19699068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699068" title="German submarine U-84 (1941)">
German submarine U-84 (1941)

German submarine "U-84" was a Type VIIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She was launched on 26 February 1941 and commissioned on 29 April 1941. She operated during the Battle of the Atlantic during the Second World War before being sunk while under the command of Horst Uphoff on 7 August 1943 in the North Atlantic, in position by a Mk 24 homing torpedo dropped on it by an American B24 Liberator aircraft (VB-105/B-4 USN). 46 dead (all hands lost).
"U-84" carried out eight patrols and accounted for six ships sunk and one ship damaged during World War II. She operated in the Gulf of Mexico for a time. Commanded by Captain Uphoff, "U-84" torpedoed the freighter "Baja California" just forward of midships whilst in the Gulf of Mexico on 19 July 1942 at 06:45. "Baja California" sank in about of water about southwest of Fort Myers, Florida. "Baja California", en route from New Orleans, Louisiana to Key West, was carrying a load of general cargo which included glassware.

</doc>
<doc id="19699072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699072" title="Buky Schwartz">
Buky Schwartz

Buky Schwartz (pronounced BOO-kie) (; June 16, 1932 – September 1, 2009) was an Israeli sculptor and video artist.
Biography.
Schwartz was born in Jerusalem in 1932. From 1956 to 1958, he studied sculpture with Yitzhak Danziger (1916–1977) at the Avni Institute of Art and Design in Tel Aviv. In 1959, he moved to London, where he studied at Saint Martin's School of Art from 1959 to 1962. After returning to Israel in 1963, he created severely geometrical painted steel sculptures. In 1971, he moved to New York City, and began incorporating and making "video structures", videos in his large constructions, filling a room with different shapes which were all projected on a video screen as a unified whole. At that time he also placed mirrors within sculptures, reflecting both their full form and, from certain angles, their amputated parts. His video works are widely regarded in the United States as a landmark in the development of this medium. He lived and worked in both Tel Aviv and New York until his death in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19699124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699124" title="Who's Nailin' Paylin?">
Who's Nailin' Paylin?

"Who's Nailin' Paylin?" is an American satirical pornographic film released on November 4, 2008, that satirizes former U.S. vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin. The film was directed by Jerome Tanner and stars Lisa Ann, Nina Hartley and Jada Fire. Besides being a parody of Sarah Palin, the film includes spoofs of Hillary Clinton, Condoleezza Rice, Todd Palin and Bill O'Reilly.
Produced by Hustler Video, the film was shot in two days and includes five hardcore sex scenes spanning from the Paylin character's college years, home life in rural Alaska, and the 2008 U.S. Presidential election.
On October 31, 2008, Hustler announced that Lisa Ann was going to star in "Obama is Nailin' Palin?" a scene that continued on the adventures of Lisa as Sarah Palin except this time Barack Obama would be lampooned as well. The scene is only available through their Hustler members' website with no plans to release it on a DVD. This "bonus scene" was released on election eve November 3, 2008.
Hustler produced several sequels to "Who's Nailin' Paylin?" with Lisa Ann reprising her role, although they all used the real spelling of Palin's name- "Letterman's Nailin Palin", "You're Nailin' Palin" (an interactive point-of-view DVD with Alexis Texas as Miss California USA Carrie Prejean), "Hollywood's Nailin Palin" and "Who's Nailin Palin 2".
Plot summary.
The film opens in Serra Paylin's living room, when two Russian soldiers knock on the door seeking a tow-truck to lend assistance with their smoldering tank. After some small talk, flirting, and a knock-knock joke, a threesome ensues.
The second scene, referring back to the first, opens with a newspaper headline exclaiming "Paylin endorses Russian penetration!" Then focus shifts to the Faux News Studio, where character Bill Orally sits at the news desk. Orally praises Paylin's recent work in foreign relations, and criticizes what he characterizes as the "hypocritical left."
The third scene takes place in a Washington, D.C. hotel. A female campaign intern is attempting to prepare Serra for interaction with the press. The intern attempts to teach Serra how to correctly pronounce the word "absolutely," which Serra comedically renders as "You betcha." After a frustrating session, Serra leaves in search of "a warm glass of moo juice and some shut eye." After Paylin leaves, the intern declares "What a fucking air head." In response, Serra's husband slides out from under the bed and replies "Try living with her." The scene ends with an anal sex encounter between Mr. Paylin and the intern.
The fourth scene opens in Serra's bedroom, showing her falling into a fitful sleep, and segues into a dream sequence. In the dream, Paylin seduces her husband's business partner at their snowmobile dealership. The scene finishes with the encounter, returning to a Paylin continuing to toss and turn in her sleep.
The fifth scene is another dream, where Serra remembers her collegiate days at "The International University of I-DA-HO" in 1987. Young Serra listens and actively participates in a classroom discussion which focuses on topics in pseudo-science. Serra places the age of the Earth at 10,000 years and classifies fossils as a ruse by Satan to "trick mankind." After class, Young Serra asks the professor if he knows of any rituals to protect her from witchcraft. The professor assures her that vigorous cunnilingus will provide the required protection, and wastes no time demonstrating.
The sixth and final scene opens with a Bill Orally monologue delivered from the Faux News Studio. The Orally piece introduces a Paylin news conference in which she is to defend herself against charges of adultery. During a rambling monologue Paylin avoids answering the adultery question. After the press clears the room, the Hilly character emerges from beneath the podium. The film closes with a lesbian ménage à trois featuring Serra, Hilly, and Condi.
Production.
Just a few days after the conclusion of the 2008 Republican National Convention, producers for Larry Flynt Publications posted an anonymous help-wanted ad on Craigslist in Los Angeles. The ad called for "a Sarah Palin look-alike for an adult film to be shot in the next 10 days," and specified a salary of $3,000 for the role. According to sex writer Violet Blue, this represented a "pretty shocking" salary for the role.
After being selected for the lead role, actress Lisa Ann had only four days to prepare. The actress prepared for the role by studying Palin's mannerisms during the vice presidential debate against Joe Biden, as well as Tina Fey's impersonation of her on "Saturday Night Live". She bought her Palin-esque costumes online from Macy's, and due to time constraints, altered the clothing herself. Filming began on October 11, 2008, and was completed in two days.
Reception.
The film has not generated a positive review from print critics. Critic John Patterson of "The Guardian" says that "the script's literary values are close to nil, and its political jabs... are often to infantile." Patterson's review also cites "ridiculous dialogue" such as "Drill, baby, drill!" and "I'm speaking in tongues!"
On the other hand, the film's star Lisa Ann has received widespread attention for the role, including interviews by "Marie Claire", "Entertainment Tonight", and on radio shows. In the interview in "Marie Claire", Lisa Ann reports that fans have been supportive of the movie, calling it "shrewd" and "funny." The actress also feels the film has a "much broader range" than most adult films.
When asked about the possibility of backlash, Lisa Ann replied "Maybe some crazy right-wing activist will try and burn my house down... But I put myself in that target spot and it is what it is."
On the "America's Newsroom" program on October 13, Fox News personality Megyn Kelly said that the film is "disgusting, it's dirty -- American people wouldn't want to see it," and questioned the project's legality. Later in the program, defense attorney David Wohl said that the film could be viewed as "a political hit piece" in which case, it might be legally actionable.
On November 1, 2008, the Masked Avengers comedy duo prank called Palin by pretending to be Nicolas Sarkozy. (See main article, The Masked Avengers' prank on Sarah Palin.) "Sarkozy" commented that he enjoyed seeing "the documentary on your life, Hustler's "Who's Nailin' Paylin?"," to which the real Palin replied, "Oh good, thank you."

</doc>
<doc id="19699148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699148" title="Piano Sonata (Reubke)">
Piano Sonata (Reubke)

The Piano Sonata in B-flat minor is a work written by Julius Reubke between December 1856 and March 1857. Although it remains very obscure and is little performed (unlike the composer's "Sonata on the 94th Psalm" for organ), it combines the Lisztian technique of thematic transformation, colourful harmonies, virtuosic piano writing and a wide array of characters and sentiments. 
Description.
The work opens with an Allegro maestoso, characterised by a dramatic, rising "forte" first subject. This rising motif (a minor semitone followed by a major third jump), is a significant theme of the movement, recalled at various points throughout (including the cadenza-like passagework). The main theme is built over a chordal structure of i, bII6, viio7, i4-3, v, and VI6/4. The work has other, similarly interesting modulations, presented as undecorated chordal series. The second theme, marked "Quasi Recitativo" is written in a free and vocal style. Its melancholy second subject, in the distant key of E major, recalls something of Reubke's own sadly short life.

</doc>
<doc id="19699194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699194" title="Girey">
Girey

Girey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19699210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699210" title="West Florida Argonauts">
West Florida Argonauts

The West Florida Argonauts are composed of 13 NCAA sports teams which make up the athletic program for the University of West Florida.
Athletic Department.
UWF intercollegiate athletics compete in the NCAA Division II Gulf South Conference.
Men's intercollegiate sports:
Baseball, Soccer, Basketball, Tennis, Cross country, and Golf.
Women's intercollegiate sports:
Basketball, Tennis, Cross country, Golf, Softball, Soccer, and Volleyball.
Baseball.
West Florida has had 18 Major League Baseball Draft selections since the draft began in 1965.
Achievements.
NCAA Division II National Championships (6):
Gulf South Conference All Sports Trophies (14):
Gulf South Conference Championships (67):
Athletic Songs.
According to a March 2008 edition of the Voyager, UWF will have a fight song once SGA decides through voting.
Mascot.
UWF's official mascot is the Argonaut, a mythical group of Greek sailors, who accompanied Jason to Colchis in his quest for the Golden Fleece. However, the official logo of the institution is the Chambered Nautilus; because of this, students jokingly refer to themselves as the UWF "Fighting Snails."
Possibility of a Football Program, Moving to NCAA Division I.
According to local papers, UWF has recently created an "Athletics Visioning Team" for 2009. The purpose of this team is to find out whether or not the time is now appropriate for UWF to move its athletic programs up to NCAA Division I, and/or possibly add a football program.
On March 15, 2010, UWF President Judith Bense announced that she will make a decision regarding adding football by Summer 2011 and that the University had committed to playing in Division II for at least the next 10 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19699223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699223" title="Khelma people">
Khelma people

The Khelma or "Khelma/Sakachep" are one of the old Kuki tribes of Northeastern parts of India.
History.
The Sakachep tribe is one of the smallest tribes in the Old Kuki community. They mainly inhabit in the areas of Assam's Dima Hasao, Cachar and Karbi Anglong districts. The Sakachep lives in Jaintia hills in Meghalaya and some in the Peren district in Nagaland as well. Their life style and habitat closely resemble the other tribes of the Chin, Kuki or Mizo Community. Among the inhabitants of the Dima Hasao district, the Sakachep (also known as Khelma) are one of the smallest communities. The Sakachep are similar in language, customs and traditions to the Chin-Kuki-Mizo. They cremate their dead like the Vedic Hindu. However, 90% of the population are Christians today. They are entirely dependent on agriculture for their livelihood.
Clans.
There are twelve clans in the Sakachep community. They are 
1.Saithuvai
2.Vaichai
3.Sumtinkha
4.Thirsu
5.Neibom
6.Kholum
7.Telengsing
8.Langkai
9.Kelphung
10.Thingphun(Motsun)
11.Nisatarai and
12.Zeite.
Festivals.
The Sakachep also celebrate different festivals which are connected with the worshiping of different gods and goddess during the year. Rabu-khat, Parsem, Inmathung and Rabuthum are such festivals. Rabuthum is the most important of all the ceremonies of the "Khelmas". Pârsem Kût is one of the biggest festivals they celebrate in the month of April, which is an age-old traditional shifting jhum cultivation. The "Khelmas" have a good number of folk songs for different occasions, the songs are generally slow.
In Hailaknadi District of Assam, India, they are also found in small number in villages likes Tlangpui(Kalidas punjee), Garmura etc.
Customs and traditions.
The traditional attire and ornaments of the "Sakachep" are very interesting. The women wear strings of different beads and coins around their neck. Today, majority of the young boys and girls of the villages wear pants, shirts and traditional Mekhela. The older men simply wear a dhuti. 
The "Sakachep" bear a close resemblance to the Halam-Komrem tribes, in language, customs and tradition. The main traditional Gods and deities of the "Sakachep" are Angera, Debi Maka saichkri Rajaram Mokolraja. The traditional social administration of the "Sakachep’’ is known as the "Halam", it is headed by a "Kalim" and "Kabur". In the Khelmas community, the young man has to serve his father-in-law for four years before he is allowed to take his wife home. This system is called the Maksa. The "Sakachep" also celebrate different festivals, which are connected with worship of different gods and goddesses during the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19699263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699263" title="Igor Polyakov">
Igor Polyakov

Igor Nikolayevich Polyakov (, July 15, 1912 – May 16, 2008) was a Russian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics for the Soviet Union.
He died in Moscow in 2008.
In 1952 he won the silver medal as coxswain of the Soviet boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="19699333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699333" title="Neue Pizzicato Polka">
Neue Pizzicato Polka

Neue Pizzicato Polka (German for "New Pizzicato-Polka"), Op. 449, is a polka composed by Johann Strauss II. It was written in 1892 for concerts to be given under Eduard Strauss in Hamburg. Strauss later inserted the work as a ballet between the second and third acts of his operetta "Fürstin Ninetta" ("Princess Ninetta").
The work is named "Pizzicato Polka" because the stringed instruments were plucked (pizzicato) throughout. There is also a "Pizzicato Polka" which Johann Strauss composed in 1869 with his brother Josef.

</doc>
<doc id="19699345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699345" title="Things (Bobby Darin song)">
Things (Bobby Darin song)

"Things" is a song which was written and recorded by Bobby Darin in 1962. It reached #3 in the US, #2 in the UK, and #3 in the Irish charts.
In 1962, Darin began to write and sing country music, with hit songs including "Things". It was the final Darin single released on the Atco Records unit of Atlantic Records before he began recording for Capitol Records. While vault material would continue to be issued on Atco, Darin would later return to Atlantic Records. The song was sung by Dean Martin and Nancy Sinatra in the 1967 TV special "Movin' with Nancy", starring Nancy Sinatra, which was released to home video in 2000.
A cover of the song by Anne Murray from her 1976 album "Keeping in Touch" peaked at #12 on the adult contemporary chart. 
Other songs from that period: "You're the Reason I'm Living" (US #3), and "18 Yellow Roses" (US #10). The latter two were on Capitol Records, which Darin joined in 1962, before returning to Atlantic four years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19699389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699389" title="2008 Ulster Senior Club Football Championship">
2008 Ulster Senior Club Football Championship

The 2008 Ulster Senior Club Football Championship was the 41st staging of the annual Ulster Senior Club Football Championship which is administered by Ulster GAA. Nine GAA county boards compete for the Séamus McFerran Cup. The championship started on 19 October 2008 and concluded with the final replay on 14 December 2008.
Crossmaglen Rangers won the competition, beating Ballinderry Shamrocks in the final, after a replay. Crossmaglen therefore went on to compete in the 2009 All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19699413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699413" title="Pseudobunocephalus">
Pseudobunocephalus

Pseudobunocephalus is a genus of banjo catfishes. 
Taxonomy.
The species of "Pseudobunocephalus" were originally classified in the genus "Bunocephalus", but after further study it was found that these fish were unrelated to the type species "Bunocephalus verrucosus" or any of the other existing aspredinid genera. Thus, a new genus was described in 2008.
"Pseudobunocephalus" is the most basal genus in the family, and represents the sister group to all other Aspredinidae. "P. lundbergi" is also the most basal species and is the sister taxon to the rest of the species in the genus.
Species.
There are currently six species in this genus:
Distribution.
"Pseudobunocephalus" species are widespread in the Amazon, Orinoco, and Paraguay-Paraná River basins.
Description.
Species of "Pseudobunocephalus" are small, all of them reaching less than 80 millimetres (3.1 in) SL. They are often mistaken at first glance with juvenile "Bunocephalus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19699417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699417" title="Gerger, Azerbaijan">
Gerger, Azerbaijan

Gerger, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19699437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699437" title="Loren White">
Loren White

Loren White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19699468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699468" title="Lemon Hill">
Lemon Hill

Lemon Hill (1800–01) is a Federal-style mansion in Fairmount Park, Philadelphia, built by the merchant Henry Pratt. Originally part of Robert Morris's estate, The Hills, Pratt purchased at a sheriff's sale for $14,654 in 1799. According to Pratt's letterbooks, recently discovered by Philadelphia Museum of Art assistant curator Martha C. Halpern, he designed the mansion himself and served as his own general contractor. Named for the many lemon trees in Morris's greenhouse, which was part of his new property, Pratt lived here until his death in 1838.
To protect its water supply, the City of Philadelphia began purchasing properties along the Schuylkill River, beginning with Lemon Hill in 1844. This formed the basis for what is now Fairmount Park.
Lemon Hill is located on a bluff overlooking the Schuylkill River and Boathouse Row. Exceptional architectural features include its three oval parlors, stacked one on top of the other, with curved fireplace mantles and doors. 
The mansion was restored by the architectural historian Fiske Kimball, 1925–26, who lived here while president of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, 1925–55. He conjectured that Robert Morris had built the mansion, but this was disproven by Martha C. Halpern in 2005. In the William L. Clements Library at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, she discovered Henry Pratt's letterbooks, and established through tax records that the mansion did not exist at the time he purchased the land. 
Owned by the City of Philadelphia, it is operated as a house museum by the Colonial Dames of America and the Friends of Lemon Hill. Long hidden by dense trees on the sides of the hill, a restoration of the "historic viewscape" is underway which will recreate the original vistas of and from the mansion.

</doc>
<doc id="19699476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699476" title="Leichtes Blut">
Leichtes Blut

Leichtes Blut ("Light of Heart"), Op. 319, is a polka composed by Johann Strauss II. It was first performed at a benefit concert at the Vienna Volksgarten in March 1867.

</doc>
<doc id="19699500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699500" title="Geyali">
Geyali

Geyali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19699519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699519" title="CAMP (disambiguation)">
CAMP (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="19699563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699563" title="Bitte schön!">
Bitte schön!

Bitte schön! ("If you please!"), opus 372, is a polka composed by Johann Strauss II. The first two themes of the composition incorporate Strauss' operetta "Cagliostro in Wien". The composition was first performed in the summer of 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="19699574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699574" title="Count Smokula">
Count Smokula

Count Smokula is a comedic fictional character created and portrayed by Robert "Smokey" Miles. He has made numerous live appearances, roles in movies, TV shows and internet videos.
Count Smokula and Smokesylvania.
As imagined by Miles, Count Smokula is a 496 year old accordion-playing vampire with a cape and fez from the vaguely Eastern-European nation of Smokesylvania. He has been described as "Bela Lugosi-meets-Jackie Mason" and as "a sort of Yiddish Dracula, who plays the accordion and exhibits the longest tongue this side of Gene Simmons of KISS" The Count has a thick Smokesylvanian accent (He plays the "sqveezebox" and loves "to rock like you vouldn't believe it"). Music is his first love and the Count Smokula Orchestra started up about 300 years ago in Glipsch, Smokesylvania where he was greatly influenced by Shnotta Shmulevitz, Smokesylvania's most famous singer. But he definitely doesn't suck - as he says "I gave up fangs and blood 300 years ago, my doctor told me too much cholesterol". He subscribes to a belief in Smokulism, a "voild vide" faith revealed to the Count one sleepless night in 1997 after "ingesting a rather large vegetarian pizza in the presence of the Russian Madonna". It is a way of raising ones thoughts up from the dirt and down from the clouds to live in the world as it is, and this National Belief System of Smokesylvania can be achieved by just paying $10 for a certificate to become a true Smokulist.
At an indefinite date, the Count left Smokesylvania (or rather, it left him since he tells us they moved the country stone-by-stone to the South Pacific since "the veather vas too inclement") for Hollywood, California where he planned to make a fortune as a "public excess show host" so he could restore the glory of Smokesylvania.
Appearances.
"Live" Appearances.
The Count has been a longtime regular at the annual Doo Dah Parade in Pasadena, the counter-culture answer to the more staid Rose Parade, where he is a familiar and often photographed figure. The Count is one of a number of odd characters who show up for this irreverent and wacky event - to quote him “It’s got to be a bit irregular to be the true Doo Dah” and besides “There’s nothing else vorthvhile in January” He even competed for Queen a few times - a process likened to "a cross between the Miss America pageant and “The Gong Show".
The Count got his start in the Los Angeles underground scene, often performing at burlesque shows, so it is not surprising that he has a special affinity for burlesque and strippers. His relationship with the burlesque revival group, the Fishnet Floozys, has made him MC at a number of their shows in Los Angeles and Hollywood and hosting the "Count Smokula Burlesque Review". Or you might find him as MC for the "Burlesque Cabaret" at the "Red Door Gallery" in Phoenix, or as the host of Shimmy Magazine's all-star fundraiser in Los Angeles, or maybe performing at the "Los Angeles Exotica Burlesque". If there are strippers around, the Count is bound to be near, even if it means trekking out to the Mojave Desert near Route 66 for the annual Miss Exotic World Pageant at the Exotic World Burlesque Museum run by former exotic dancer Dixie Evans.
Count Smokula has had a long association with independent cult film producer Troma Films, creator of films such as The Toxic Avenger and Blood Sucking Freaks. As the Count has said "When watching a Troma movie, you must not only suspend your disbelief: you must lock it up in a small iron crate and torture it." The Count has appeared several times at the TromaDance Film Festival in Park City, Utah, the camp version of the Sundance Film Festival. He also composed the Official TromaDance Theme Song introduced at TromaDance 2005. More recently, the Count was seen at the American Film Market (AFM) event in Santa Monica, California in company with Troma founder Lloyd Kaufman to celebrate the 10th anniversary of TromaDance. The appearance made the front page of the November 7, 2008 edition of The Hollywood Reporter.
He has even ventured off to the U.S. Naval Station at Guantanamo where he was the Ringmaster of the "Vamphear Circus" in April 2006 featuring opera clown Christina Linhardt, Hillel aka Mr. Balloonman, stilt walker and fire eater Philip Solomon and aerialist Brandy Wirtz. A highlight of the show was his rendition of his own "Guantanamo Bay Theme Song".
The trip is the subject of the 2013 short documentary "Guantanamo Circus" by Christina Linhardt and Michael L. Rose.
TV, Film and the Internet.
In 1996, Count Smokula got his start on underground fame with his own cult Public-access television cable TV show "The Count Smokula Show" ("the greatest talk show in the voild"). He also hosted the "Freak of the Week" segments for "Troma's Edge TV" which had guests who swallowed swords, ate fire and devoured light bulbs. A further search for such abilities led to the first international episode at the Cannes Film Festival in May 2000 with co-host Shelley Michelle. Count Smokula was also a "date" on the "Singers need love too" episode of TV show "Blind Date" (March 2005) and almost a superhero on the Sci Fi Channel reality show "Who Wants to be a Superhero?". He didn't quite make the cut on the show's pilot episode (July 2006).
As a film actor, The Count has appeared in some memorably named flicks including the 2004 epic "Tales from the Crapper" ("Filmed in 3 countries, over 3 years, with 6 directors, 15 writers, and a cast of hundreds") with Julie Strain. and the "Coming Soon" "Curse of the Black Pussycat" starring Rena Riffel.
But it is on the Internet that The Count really shines. With YouTube and other video services, the Internet has become the modern era's version of vaudeville and Count Smokula is a classic vaudeville persona. A recent search of YouTube videos shows 71 listings for The Count. One of his videos, "Count Smokula - Zombie", has over 50, 000 views and his political satire "Sarah Palin in 'Moose on the loose'" may end up with even more.
Music.
Count Smokula is a musician and singer, and as such has hosted and performed at the Rock City News Music Awards for many years He was also one of the "three days of accordions" performers at the 2008 Los Angeles Accordion Festival. And he is most likely the oldest member of the Rockabilly Hall of Fame. As a songwriter, Count Smokula has composed the soundtracks for Troma Entertainment movies "All the Love You Cannes!" (2002) and "Tales from the Crapper" (2004) as well as the 2006 classics "Vampira: The Movie" and "".
At the 13th Anuual Los Angeles Music Awards in 2003, The Count was given the award for "Comedy Album of the Year" for his CD "Authentic Sounds of Smokesylvania". He can also be heard on the 2006 "Poultrygeist: Night Of The Chicken Dead" CD produced by Troma Entertainment and his number "Transylbearian Woods" is part of the 2005 CD "30!!! Years Bear Family Records".

</doc>
<doc id="19699692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699692" title="Auf der Jagd">
Auf der Jagd

"Auf der Jagd" ("On the Hunt"), op. 373, is a polka composed by Johann Strauss II. The composition is based on melodies in Strauss' operetta "Cagliostro in Wien" ("Cagliostro in Vienna").
It was first performed in the late autumn of 1875, probably with the composer's brother Eduard conducting the Strauss Orchestra. Professor Fritz Racek has suggested that the première took place in the Vienna Volksgarten on 5 October 1875, although this claim remains unsubstantiated.
A pistol shot is specified in the piano and orchestral score.

</doc>
<doc id="19699699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699699" title="Evert Johansson">
Evert Johansson

Evert Vilhelm Johansson (September 9, 1903 – May 2, 1990) was a Finnish canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Porvoon maalaiskunta, Eastern Uusimaa.
In 1936 he finished fifth in the K-1 10000 metre competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19699744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699744" title="Pilot's kneeboard">
Pilot's kneeboard

A kneeboard is an accessory (usually made from cloth, plastic or metal) with various types of clips or mounts to hold objects for pilots during flight.
While their dimensions, material and specifics vary from model to model, a kneeboard, by definition, includes the following components:
Models vary from a small clipboard with thigh straps to more elaborate designs with multiple panels that fold much like a wallet (usually with a means to hold the folded board closed such as a snap or velcro.) As the kneeboard is designed to keep flight-pertinent information close at hand, it may have charts and information (such as IFR references) printed directly on it, or include pockets and clips to hold maps, approach plates, and aids to calculation such as the E6B Flight Computer.

</doc>
<doc id="19699754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699754" title="Gemalto M2M">
Gemalto M2M

Gemalto M2M is the Machine-To-Machine (M2M) division of Gemalto, (Euronext NL0000400653 GTO), a digital security company. Gemalto M2M's Cinterion products and services allow machines, equipment, vehicles and devices to communicate over cellular networks providing Edge-to-Enterprise (E2E) connectivity that enables the Internet of Things (IOT). Unlike consumer-grade cellular technology, M2M technology is designed for longevity to withstand extreme conditions of temperature, moisture and vibration often encountered by enterprise and industrial wireless applications. Cinterion products and services are engineered to provide reliable communications for more than 10 years in the field.
Gemalto M2M's Cinterion products encompass a wide spectrum of M2M technologies across four categories including: 
Gemalto M2M's portfolio of M2M products and services simplify development and integration of M2M solutions across all M2M vertical markets including: smart energy, automotive, mHealth, security, tracking and tracking, payment solutions, remote monitoring and control, industrial and building automation, mobile computing, routers and gateways. In addition to enabling cellular communications, Gemalto M2M offers a range of features, capabilities and technologies to strengthen M2M applications including embedded Java™, GPS, Land Grid Array (LGA) surface mounting and SIM Access Profile. Cinterion products offer Full Type Approval (FTA) and local network operator certifications to ensure quick and easy integration with all global wireless networks. The company is an Associate Partner in the Intel Intelligent System Alliance (IISA) and the AT&T Mobile Broadband Accelerator Program (MBA)
Originated as the wireless module division of Siemens in 1995, Cinterion spun-off in June 2008 led by Granville Baird, a venture capital company. In June 2010, Cinterion was acquired by Gemalto. Gemalto had 2011 annual revenues of €2 billion and more than 10,000 employees operating out of 74 offices and 14 Research & Development centers, located in 43 countries. The Gemalto M2M division is headquartered in Munich, Germany. Cinterion Wireless Modules GmbH was renamed to Gemalto M2M GmbH in May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19699786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699786" title="List of medical schools in Syria">
List of medical schools in Syria

This is a list of medical schools located in Syria. 

</doc>
<doc id="19699822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699822" title="Channel 11">
Channel 11

Channel 11 or TV11 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19699824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699824" title="Channel 12">
Channel 12

Channel 12 or TV12 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19699825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699825" title="Channel 13">
Channel 13

Channel 13 or TV13 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19699827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699827" title="Channel 14">
Channel 14

Channel 14 or TV14 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19699895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699895" title="Ko van Tongeren">
Ko van Tongeren

Jacobus "Ko" van Tongeren (August 19, 1913 – May 6, 1996) was a Dutch canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Haarlem and died in Velsen.
In 1936 he finished fourth in the K-1 10000 metre competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19699961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699961" title="Quick access recorder">
Quick access recorder

A quick access recorder (QAR) is an airborne flight data recorder designed to provide quick and easy access to raw flight data, through means such as USB or cellular network connections and/or the use of standard flash memory cards. QARs are typically used by airlines to improve flight safety and operational efficiency, usually in the scope of an their flight operational quality assurance plans. Like the aircraft's flight data recorder (FDR), a QAR receives its inputs from the Flight Data Acquisition Unit (FDAU), recording over 2000 flight parameters. The QAR is also able to sample data at much higher rates than the FDR and, in some cases, for longer periods of time. Unlike the FDR, the QAR usually is not required by a national Civil Aviation Authority on commercial flights and is not designed to survive an accident. Despite this, some QARs have survived accidents and provided valuable information beyond that was recorded by the FDR.

</doc>
<doc id="19699990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19699990" title="2005 Pacific Life Open">
2005 Pacific Life Open

The 2005 Indian Wells Masters (also known as the "Pacific Life Open" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 30th edition of the Indian Wells Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2005 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 2005 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden in Indian Wells, California, United States, from March 14 through March 20, 2005.
The men singles were headlined by World No. 1, reigning Wimbledon and US Open champion, and Masters Cup winner and defending champion Roger Federer, ATP No. 2, Sydney champion, two-times Grand Slam champion and Australian Open runner-up Lleyton Hewitt, and San Jose champion and two-time grand-slam finalist Andy Roddick. Also competing in the field were Australian Open titlist Marat Safin, 2004 French Open winner Guillermo Coria, Tim Henman, Carlos Moyá and Gastón Gaudio.
The women's draw featured WTA No. 1, Australian Open runner-up and 2000 Indian Wells winner Lindsay Davenport, Antwerp champion, Olympic Silver Medalist Amélie Mauresmo and Tokyo, Qatar titlist, 2004 Wimbledon winner Maria Sharapova. Other top seeds were French Open, US Open runner-up Elena Dementieva, U.S Open winner Svetlana Kuznetsova, Nadia Petrova, Nathalie Dechy and Elena Bovina.

</doc>
<doc id="19700019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700019" title="Cerithium">
Cerithium

Cerithium is a genus of small to medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cerithiidae, the ceriths.
The genus is known from the Cretaceous to the Recent periods.
Species.
Species within this genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="19700021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700021" title="USS Munalbro (1916)">
USS Munalbro (1916)

USS "Munalbro" was a cargo ship that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
"Munalbro" was built as a collier by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company at Newport News, Virginia, in 1916, and went into commercial service with Munson Steamship Lines as SS "Munalbro".
In September 1917 "Munalbro" was chartered by the United States Army, and by December 1917 she had been armed. On 12 May 1918 she was in a convoy on a crossing from New York City to Plymouth, England, when the U.S. Navy cargo ship USS "Zaanland" (ID-2746) suffered a rudder casualty that evening, went off course, and was rammed by the U.S. Navy tanker USS "Hisko" (ID-1953). While the convoy continued on its way, "Munalbro" stood by the mortally damaged "Zaanland" -- which sank the next morning -- and took off her crew. "Munalbro" then set off to catch up with the convoy. Along the way she encountered the westward-bound merchant ship SS "Minnesota" and transferred the crew of "Zaanland" to "Minnesota" for transportation back to the United States.
The U.S. Navy acquired "Munalbro" from Munson Steamship Lines for World War I service as a cargo ship on 17 September 1918 and commissioned her as USS "Munalbro" at Newport News the same day with Lieutenant Commander F. E. Cross, USNRF, in command. Unlike many of the former merchant ships the Navy acquired in 1917 and 1918 for use in the war, "Munalbro" did not receive a Navy identification number (Id. No.).
Assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS), "Munalbro" joined a convoy at New York City bound for Europe on 26 September 1918. She arrived at La Pallice, France, on 13 October 1918 to discharge part of her U.S. Army general cargo and continued on to St. Nazaire, Nantes, and Quiberon. She departed Quiberon 1 November 1918 for the United States East Coast and arrived at Norfolk, Virginia, on 22 November 1918. On 12 December 1918 "Munalbro" made a second crossing to Quiberon, where she arrived in January 1919, again carrying general U.S. Army supplies. In February 1919 she departed Nantes with another U.S. Army cargo, returning to New York on 1 March 1919.
On 21 March 1919 "Munalbro" decommissioned and was delivered to the United States Shipping Board for simultaneous return to Munson Steamship Lines. She returned to mercantile service as SS "Munalbro". Boston enterprise Eastern Gas And Fuel purchased the steamship, and in 1936 her name was changed to SS "James L. Richards" on behalf of longtime EG&F director James Lorin Richards. Her subsequent commercial service extended for three and a half decades and she was scrapped in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="19700043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700043" title="Marianne Watz">
Marianne Watz

Marianne Watz (born 1940) is a Swedish Moderate Party politician. She has been a substitute member of the Riksdag since 2006. From 2006 until 2007, Watz was the substitute for Mikael Odenberg. Currently, she is the substitute for Beatrice Ask.

</doc>
<doc id="19700067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700067" title="Aporrhais">
Aporrhais

Aporrhais is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Aporrhaidae and the superfamily Stromboidea. 
The genus is known from the Cretaceous to the recent periods.
Species.
This genus contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="19700102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700102" title="Lucius Decidius Saxa">
Lucius Decidius Saxa

Lucius Decidius Saxa (died 40 BC), sometimes mistaken as Decidus, was a Roman general in the 1st century BC. 
He was born in Spain, but perhaps of Italian origin. In 49 BC he fought as follower of Julius Caesar in Spain against an army of Pompey. In 44 BC he was tribune of the people and after the assassination of the dictator he went over to Mark Antony. At the beginning of 43 BC Antony was besieged in Mutina and was assisted by Decidius Saxa. In 42 BC, after the founding of the second Triumvirate, Saxa was, together with Gaius Norbanus Flaccus, appointed by Mark Antony to lead the advance force of eight legions into Thrace before the Battle of Philippi. 
Saxa later went on to be appointed governor of Syria by Antony (41 BC) while Norbanus was elected consul in 38 BC, recognizing the great prestige of the victory over the liberatores. He was heavily defeated near Antioch, when Quintus Labienus led a Parthian intervention in Syria in 40 BC. He fled to Cilicia where he was captured and executed by the Parthians. His legions reportedly suffered heavy defeats and several of his aquilae were seized, being returned to Rome first after a brief Roman war against Parthia and negotiations by then Roman emperor Augustus in 20 BC. The eagle standards were returned together with those captured in 53 BC from Marcus Licinius Crassus, a great propaganda victory for Rome.
A brother of Decidius Saxa was his Quaestor in Syria in 40 BC and fought with him against the Parthians, but his soldiers deserted to the enemy so that he had to surrender to Quintus Labienus.

</doc>
<doc id="19700142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700142" title="Marie Weibull Kornias">
Marie Weibull Kornias

Marie Weibull Kornias (born 1954) is a Swedish Moderate Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 2006 to 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19700159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700159" title="Nerinea">
Nerinea

†Nerinea is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Heterobranchia.
This genus is known from the Jurassic to the Cretaceous periods.
Species.
Species in the genus "Nerinea" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19700191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700191" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 15">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 15

The 15th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located within Beaver County and includes the following areas: 

</doc>
<doc id="19700214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700214" title="Wine lactone">
Wine lactone

Wine lactone is a pleasant smelling compound found naturally in apples, orange juice, grapefruit juice, orange essential oil, clementine peel oil and various grape wines. It was first discovered as an essential oil metabolite in Koala urine by Southwell in 1975. It was discovered several years later by Guth in white wines and was named "wine lactone". This monoterpene imparts "coconut, woody and sweet" odors to a wine. There are 8 possible isomers of wine lactone with the (3"S", 3a "S", 7a"R") isomer being the only one that has been found in wine. This isomer is also the most potent of all eight with an odor detection threshold of 10 ng/L in model wine. 
Guth, Helmut have published (1996) that the odor threshold of the wine lactone (3S,3aS,7aR)-3,6-dimethyl-3a,4,5,7a-tetrahydro-1-benzofuran-2(3H)-one is 0.00001-0.00004 ng/l in air.

</doc>
<doc id="19700227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700227" title="Otto Georg Wetterstrand">
Otto Georg Wetterstrand

Otto Georg Wetterstrand (September 14, 1845 – July 11, 1907) was a Swedish physician and psychotherapist who was a native of Skövde.
Wetterstrand studied medicine at the University of Uppsala, and in 1871 received his medical license at Karolinska Institute. Later he maintained a psychiatric practice in Stockholm.
Wetterstrand was a highly regarded psychoanalyst whose influence spread beyond Sweden, and is credited as the first Swedish doctor to use suggestive psychotherapy. Among his written works was "Der Hypnotismus und dessen Anwendung in der praktischen Medicin" (Hypnotism and Its Application to Practical Medicine), which was later translated into English.

</doc>
<doc id="19700256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700256" title="Natica">
Natica

Natica is a genus of small to medium-sized predatory sea snails, marine gastropods in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.
The genus is known from the Cretaceous to the Recent periods.
Species.
The World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS) includes the following species with accepted names in the genus "Natica" 

</doc>
<doc id="19700287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700287" title="F1rst Love">
F1rst Love

"F1rst Love" (aka "Suited and Looted") is the third single by French electro artist Uffie. It was released on June 29, 2007 on Ed Banger Records and includes B-side "Brand New Car" as well as a TV track version of "Brand New Car". Mr. Oizo produced "F1rst Love", using a beat sampled from the 1987 single "Don't Go" by F.R. David. While Feadz produced both versions of "Brand New Car". The EP is slower than many of Uffie's releases, but still combines synthpop, nu-disco, rap and electronic music. "F1rst Love", the fourth single released by Uffie is the only single from the release as "Brand New Car" was never released as a single.
Both "F1rst Love" and "Brand New Car" are two of three previously released tracks (the other being "Pop the Glock") that were released again on Uffie's debut album "Sex Dreams and Denim Jeans", alternatively titled "First Love" which was released on June 14, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19700296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700296" title="Les Espions">
Les Espions

Les Espions ("The Spies") is a 1957 French film directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot and written by Clouzot with Jerôme Géronim and Egon Hostovsky. The cast includes Gérard Sety, Peter Ustinov, Curd Jürgens, O.E. Hasse, Sam Jaffe, Martita Hunt and the director's wife, Véra Clouzot. The music was composed by Georges Auric.
Plot summary.
The plot concerns a doctor at a run-down psychiatric hospital, who is offered a large sum of money to shelter a new patient. Soon the place is full of suspicious and secretive characters, all apparently international secret agents trying to find out who and what the patient is.

</doc>
<doc id="19700321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700321" title="Lisa McGee">
Lisa McGee

Lisa McGee is a stage and screen writer. She was born in Derry, Northern Ireland, and studied for a BA (Hons) degree in Drama at Queens University Belfast. She was writer on attachment with the Royal National Theatre in London in 2006. Her plays include "JUMP" and the Stewart Parker and Blackburn award-winning "Girls and Dolls". She has written for several television shows including "Totally Frank" for Channel 4 and "The Things I Haven't Told You" for the BBC and episodes of the television series Being Human for BBC Three. She is also the creator of the RTÉ television series "Raw".

</doc>
<doc id="19700346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700346" title="Ulster Performing Arts Center">
Ulster Performing Arts Center

The Ulster Performing Arts Center (UPAC), originally the Broadway Theater and Community Theatre, is located on Broadway in Kingston, New York, United States. A Classical Revival building built in 1926, it is the only unaltered pre-World War II theater left in the city, and one of only three from that era in the Hudson Valley. It is also the largest proscenium theater between Manhattan and Albany.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, two years after it was closed due to declining business. It remained vacant until an extensive renovation effort late in the 20th century allowed it to reopen in 2002. Today it is operated by the Bardavon Theater in nearby Poughkeepsie. While it served primarily as a movie palace in its earlier incarnation, today it primarily hosts musical performances. The Hudson Valley Philharmonic calls it home due to its superior acoustics, and many popular recording artists have made UPAC a stop on their concert tours.
Building.
The theater is on a half-acre (2,000 m²) lot on the south side of Broadway in the center of the city, midway between its uptown and downtown sections. Broadway is mainly commercial; the neighborhoods behind the theater are residential.
Exterior.
At the street, its northeast (main) facade is two stories high by 11 bays wide. The rear, theater portion rises three to four stories, dominating the block. The entire building is made of brick, with a granite-capped parapet with Aztec designs along the front roofline.
Plain granite pilasters mark the corners. The portico features four Corinthian columns and a classical entablature. Other decoration includes projecting stone belt-courses, granite rectangles between the windows, vertical stretchers above windows and granite aprons below.
Interior.
The interior is built around the auditorium. It is semicircular, with an orchestra pit below the stage. The main seats and balcony provide 1,500 seats. The stage itself is wide and deep.
The proscenium arch, rising to above the stage floor, is decorated with alternating octagons, foliated candelabras and other foliate motifs. On either side it has fluted Corinthian pilasters and engaged columns with Adamesque carvings in the surrounding walls. It is topped by a highly detailed entablature, its cornice decorated with lions' heads, anthemion leaves, dentils and egg-and-dart molding. The frieze features steer skulls, candelabras, shields and swag.
Similar decoration continues on the shallow ceiling dome. It is coffered, with plain and decorated grillwork and solid recessed panels with dentils, anthemion leaves and other foliate molding. Rosettes mark the interstices. Around the central recess is a wide band with urns, rosettes and cartouches bordered by rinceau and foliate triangles. The rim has lions' heads and anthemion. The plaster walls are less decorated, using only simple rectangles.
The inner lobby has decoration incorporating both the same themes as the auditorium and the Aztec motifs outside. The second-floor lounge continues this mix, with a fireplace surrounded by carved stone. Other areas, such as the outer lobby, restrooms, and dressing rooms, are plain.
History.
The theater's history begins in 1925, when a Kingston couple and an Albany man incorporated with $5,300 ($ in contemporary dollars). The next year they acquired the land and began selling bonds to raise more money. They hired prominent New York City architect Douglas P. Hall. That October, construction began with Sinner and Cook, also of New York, as general contractor.
Construction continued through the winter. The largest derrick in the state at that time was used to put the steel framing in place for the auditorium and proscenium arch. Upon its grand opening in June 1927 as the Broadway Theatre the "Daily Freeman" called it "one of the finest theatres in the Hudson River Valley". The program shown to the capacity crowd of 1,703 included five vaudeville acts and Howard Hawks' comedy "The Cradle Snatchers". The ushers wore Spanish costumes to complement the decor. A schedule of three daily performances began the next day.
By 1947 it had changed owners three times. The Walter Reade organization bought it that year and renamed it the Community Theatre. Six years later, in 1953, the front portico was added. Inside, the original floor seats were replaced and a party box added, reducing the capacity to 1,560.
The theater continued to be a major part of the city's cultural life. Bette Davis and Lillian Gish were among the actors who performed on stage. Musical greats included Isaac Stern and Victor Borges, who praised the theater's acoustics.
Kingston's downtown began to decline with growing suburbanization in the 1970s. In 1977 the Reade organization closed the theater, citing competition for moviegoers from suburban shopping malls with multiple screens. To avert the building's possible demolition, a nonprofit organization, the Ulster Performing Arts Center, was formed and bought the theater.
In 1995, the nonprofit raised the money for a $1.7 million renovation, completed in time for the building's 75th anniversary in 2002. The Bardavon began managing UPAC in 2006 and the two organizations merged the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="19700363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700363" title="Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act of 1968">
Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act of 1968

The Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act of 1968 (ILSFDA or ILSA or "Act") was an act of Congress passed in 1968 to facilitate regulation of interstate land sales, to protect consumers from fraud and abuse in the sale or lease of land. The Act was patterned after the Securities Act of 1933 and required land developers to register subdivisions of ("currently" 100 or more) non-exempt lots or condominium units. Originally, the filings were to be with the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. Currently, the responsibility for administering the Act and its regulations is with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). A regulated developer is to provide each purchaser with a disclosure document called a Property Report. The Property Report contains relevant information about the subdivision and must be delivered to each purchaser before the signing of the contract or agreement and gives the purchaser at a minimum a 7 day period to cancel the purchase agreement.
In 2013, the bill To amend the Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act to clarify how the Act applies to condominiums () was introduced into the United States House of Representatives by Rep. Carolyn B. Maloney. On September 27, 2013, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 2600 by a vote of 410-0. The bill would provide an exemption for condominiums from ILSA's registration requirements and would apply to all new constructions after enactment. 
Currently, condominium developers who fail to comply with ILSA, or satisfy an exemption, are at risk of facing claims by buyers seeking to rescind otherwise valid purchase contracts within two years of the signing of the contracts. As a result of the recent economic downturn, a significant number of these claims were filed in courts throughout the country by buyers who signed purchase contracts prior to the downturn, seeking to avoid their contractual obligations to close when home prices fell and the real estate market plunged. This change in federal law would be significant for developers of condominium projects who have, historically, had to satisfy a statutory exemption or comply with rigorous registration and disclosure requirements, even though condominiums were not contemplated when ILSA was enacted in 1968. 

</doc>
<doc id="19700399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700399" title="Community Theatre (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)">
Community Theatre (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)

Community Theatre in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, is a Moderne building built in 1951. Also known as Breckinridge Building, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
The Community theatre opened in the 1920s...the location was previously a grocers shop.

</doc>
<doc id="19700416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700416" title="Nathan F. Cobb">
Nathan F. Cobb

The Nathan F. Cobb was a three-masted schooner named after the shipbuilder and founder of Cobb’s Salvaging Company whose many rescues of stranded ships help lead to the formation of the United States Life-Saving Service. Despite its namesake's history of shipwreck rescues, the "Nathan F. Cobb" capsized in heavy seas on 1 December 1896 en route from Brunswick, Georgia to New York with a cargo of timber and cross ties. The cook and a shipmate drowned when they were swept overboard in violent seas. The crew righted the vessel by removing the three masts and they drifted for four days until they became grounded on a sandbar off Ormond Beach, Florida. Rescue attempts led to the drowning of volunteer Ferd Waterhouse, whose body was never recovered, but no other crew members were lost. A plaque commemorates Ferd Waterhouse’s rescue efforts. The Cobb Cottage, a structure built using materials salvaged from the ship, is part of Ormond Beach’s Historic Trail.
History.
"Nathan F. Cobb" of Rockland, Maine was a three-masted, square rigged schooner constructed in 1890. Information related to many ships built in Rockland between the years of 1837 and 1920 is generally sparse. In his six volume set titled "Merchant Sail," William Armstrong Fairburn describes the landscape regarding construction and registration information for ships built in Rockland during the aforementioned era: 
Fairburn cites Customhouse Records with recording information about 275 vessels registered as built in Rockland between 1837 and 1920. Among the vessels listed is the "Nathan F. Cobb," which ranged in length, weighed 656 tons, drafted of water and had a beam width of .
Final voyage.
On its last voyage the Cobb was scheduled to transport a cargo of timber and cross ties from Brunswick, Georgia to New York. On Tuesday, 1 December 1896, after leaving port from Brunswick, the schooner fell victim to the strong winds and high seas associated with Nor'easters. Gale force winds ripped the vessel's sails from their masts and rough seas capsized the ship to its beam ends. The crew was able to right the distressed vessel by removing the main and mizzen masts, but this left the Cobb vulnerable since it was powerless and waterlogged. Despite the cabin being swept away by the sea, the ship's hull was kept relatively intact during this sequence of events. Unfortunately, both a cook and a shipmate drowned in the violent seas. On the morning of 5 December 1896 the "Nathan F. Cobb" ran aground on a near shore sandbar roughly 1000 feet off the coast of Ormond Beach, Florida.
Rescue efforts.
J.D. Price and John Anderson built the Ormond Hotel in 1888 and sold it to Henry Flagler in 1891. While Flagler took over ownership responsibilities, he retained Price as the hotel's manager. On the morning of 5 December 1896, then Ormond Hotel manager J.D. Price, noticed the stranded vessel in the surf and gathered a group of people to assist in the rescue efforts. After learning of the disaster, Superintendent Hiram B. Shaw of the United States Life-Saving Service's Seventh Life-Saving District, hastened to the scene to assess the situation. Shaw quickly telegraphed for permission to have a life saving beach apparatus sent to him by train from Jupiter, Florida where the Jupiter Inlet Life Saving Station was located, approximately 180 miles south of Ormond Beach. This was quickly granted by General Superintendent Sumner Increase Kimball. Because of the proximity and travel time from the Jupiter Inlet Station to Ormond Beach, Shaw had his small surf boat wheeled down to the beach on a man-drawn wagon. He then went into town to procure necessary equipment and rope lines for the rescue. 
In total, about fifty people came together on the beach. Due to the tumultuous conditions, it was decided that no rescue attempts would be made until low tide at 11:00 a.m. The first rescue boat set out at nearly low tide. With a rope attached to its stern from shore, hotel painter Edward DeCourcy and another hotel staff member manned Shaw's small rowboat. Although they successfully made it beyond the breakers, the rowboat succumbed to the strong southerly current; missing the float line thrown from the schooner by five feet. They were forced to come in. Five more unsuccessful attempts were made to reach the grounded vessel.
Next, a small metallic dingy, known as an iron yawl, was carried down to the beach. Tom Fagen and Freed Waterhouse manned the yawl, in another attempt to reach the grounded schooner. Through skilled seamanship, they made it to the second set of breakers, only a short distance from the vessel. When they tried to reach the float line, a large wave struck them leaving their boat filled with water. The two men abandoned their yawl. Fagen managed to swim ashore and was met by volunteers close to the beach half-drowned. Waterhouse decided against swimming to shore. When he saw that the yawl had flipped, he swam back to it and straddled the hull. The men on the shore began pulling the flipped boat in, but another wave broke on top of it throwing Waterhouse into the water and righting the yawl. Waterhouse climbed back into the boat and began getting pulled in again, only to be capsized shortly thereafter. This time Waterhouse surfaced, appearing dazed and grasping onto an oar. Shaw's rescue boat was put back in the water, but Waterhouse had already gone under and presumably drowned to death a short time later. F Waterhouse's body was never recovered, despite several searches.
Hiram B. Shaw had just returned to the beach when this casualty occurred. After supplying his small rescue boat with more rope lines, he and Edward DeCourcy removed their outer clothing and prepared to embark. The men on the Cobb, who had just witnessed Waterhouse's drowning, prompted the captain of the schooner to give an impassioned address in which he said, "They have sacrificed one man in their efforts to save us; now I'll risk my life in an attempt to get ashore." The captain tied a rope around his waist and jumped into the water, just as the rescue boat had set out from shore. After battling against the current and waves, he was met by Shaw's rescue boat and clung to its stern until they reached land. Making use of the captain's line, the men on shore tied a life preserver to it. One at a time, the five stranded crewmen pulled the flotation device out to the schooner, fastened it to their bodies and were pulled to safety by the people on the shore. After receiving a cup of hot coffee, a drink of whiskey and a blanket, the Cobb's crew were taken to Coquina, Ormond Beach's area hospital.
Upon hearing the story, General Superintendent Sumner Increase Kimball of the United States Life-Saving Service wrote a letter of praise to Edward DeCourcy for his selflessness and bravery; also acknowledging the many others involved.
Cobb Cottage.
The Cobb Cottage was built using materials salvaged from the ship. Tom Fagen was given permission to use the material to aid in the construction of the three bedroom cottage. Materials used from the wreck included railroad ties to form the exterior and railings for porch decorations. The schooner's wooden name plate, with ""Nathan F. Cobb"" engraved into it, hangs over the fireplace. The house is now part of Ormond Beach's Historic Trail.
Newspaper coverage.
Despite limited information about its service routes and construction, the "Nathan F. Cobb" was the subject of two separate New York Times articles during its short career. One article reported the wreck the day after it occurred, the other article came from 20 June 1892 and chronicled a disturbance between mates. The "Cobb" was still in tow only three miles outside Mobile Bay, beginning its route from Mobile, Alabama to New York, when mate Henry Shaffer jumped over board to avoid a beating. Another mate, J. Trott had already used a belaying pin to half kill another seaman on the schooner and Shaffer was fearful for his life. Shaffer began swimming towards a nearby light house and was picked up nearly five miles from where he jumped over board. The captain of the towboat reported that Captain Cookson of the "Cobb", mentioned incidentally they had lost a crewman. Both Cookson and Trott already had pending charges against them for cruelty and marooning of sailors, stemming from an incident in May 1891 at Calcasieu Pass, Louisiana.
Forerunner of the United States Life-Saving Service.
"Nathan F. Cobb" was named after a ship builder, born in 1797 from Eastham, Massachusetts on Cape Cod. Cobb and his family moved from Eastham to Northampton County, Virginia before purchasing Sand Shoal Island, which later became Cobb Island. It was on Cobb Island, in 1839, that Nathan founded Cobb's Salvaging Company with his sons. They specialized in wrecking and salvaging stranded vessels along the shallow Mid-Atlantic coastline. The Cobbs had a remarkable record; not one person drowned in any of the rescue efforts for the 37 or more ships stranded off their island. The success of the salvaging company earned them the sobriquet "Rothschilds among the toilers of the sea". Despite the company's notable prosperity, the Cobbs were often praised for their humanity and general regard for human life, "Often a crew of ten or twenty would be landed on the island from stranded vessels without a penny, and they were tenderly cared for as though they were millionaires." This practice was a rare creed among wreckers in the 19th century. The Cobbs and others like them transformed the act of salvaging which led way to the forming of the United States Life-Saving Service; this later merged into what is now the United States Coast Guard.

</doc>
<doc id="19700424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700424" title="Barbro Westerholm">
Barbro Westerholm

Barbro Westerholm (born 1933) is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006. Westerholm was previously a member from 1988 to 1999.
From the mid-1960s Westerholm was an early pioneer in the field of pharmacovigilance, also working on the early stages of the WHO Drug Dictionary and the WHO Programme for International Drug Monitoring. In 1979 as general director of the Swedish National Board of Health and Welfare, she had homosexuality dropped from the list of mental health diseases. 
In 2009 she was awarded the Nordic Public Health Prize for work to fight discrimination against the elderly.

</doc>
<doc id="19700436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700436" title="The Girl from Steel City">
The Girl from Steel City

The Girl From Steel City is an Australian television series that first screened on the SBS network in 1986 and 1987. The series was the first continuing drama series on SBS. 
The Girl From Steel City told the story of Stacey Maniatis, a Greek-Australian girl living in Wollongong, who was determined to have a career as a singer. The second series saw Stacey move from Wollongong to Sydney to further her career as a singer but then became an investigative journalist.
The series was mostly in English but contained some Greek dialogue with English subtitles. It was written by Angelo Loukakis, directed by Peter Andrikidis and produced by John Martin and Colin Baker. Music was produced by Tony Karras.

</doc>
<doc id="19700463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700463" title="Bertella idiomorpha">
Bertella idiomorpha

Bertella idiomorpha is a species of deep-sea anglerfish found in the northern Pacific Ocean. It is the only species in the genus "Bertella", in the family Oneirodidae, and can be distinguished from other members of the family by the structure of its hyomandibular bone.
Distribution and habitat.
Specimens of "B. idiomorpha" have only been collected in the northern Pacific Ocean, including off Japan, in the Bering Sea, and in the Gulf of California. The depths ranged from 580 m to 3475 m.
Description.
Like other oneirodids, "B. idiomorpha" is a small, globular-bodied fish with a large head and jaws, and a bioluminescent lure (esca) on a stalk (illicium) attached to the head. The skin is scaleless and covers the base of the caudal fin. There are numerous small, rounded, darkly pigmented papillae on the head, body, and tail, associated with the lateral line system. The fish is dark brown to black in color, except for the clear tips of the papillae and the end of the esca. The jaws are filled with slender, straight teeth. The females measure up to 8.4 cm in length. Only one male is known, a 11-mm specimen attached to a 77-mm female. "B. idiomorpha" is unique amongst the oneirodids in having a hyomandibular bone (the bone that attaches the lower jaw to the cranium) with a single head. In its family, "B. idiomorpha" most resembles the genus "Dolopichthys", differing in having a wider and deeper skull, shorter and fewer jaw teeth, and in details of the mandibular spines and the esca.
Biology and ecology.
In contrast to the closely related "Dolopichthys", which feeds on fish and squid, "B. idiomorpha" feeds on amphipods, krill, and small decapods. This difference in prey items is reflected in the body shape of "B. idiomorpha", which is shorter and deeper, suggesting that it is a more sluggish swimmer than "Dolopichthys". "B. idiomorpha" also has smaller and fewer teeth, and its single-headed hyomandibular bone reduces the strength of its bite, again consistent with preying on smaller, slower prey items.
"B. idiomorpha" and "Leptacanthichthys gracilispinis" are the only oneirodids known to have parasitic males. Both the tips of the upper and lower jaws of the male "B. idiomorpha" become fused to the female. Small openings to the mouth and opercular cavities of the male are maintained on both sides. Mature female "B. idiomorpha" contain around 7500 eggs per ovary, and have some of the largest eggs amongst the deep-sea anglerfish.

</doc>
<doc id="19700467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700467" title="Sharif al-Murtaza">
Sharif al-Murtaza

Abu al-Qāsim ‘Alī ibn Husayn al-Sharīf al-Murtadhā (Arabic: أبو القاسم علي بن الحسين الشريف المرتضى ) (commonly known as: Sharīf Murtadhā, Sayyid Murtadhā, (Murtazā instead of Murtadhā in non-Arab languages)) (965 - 1044 AD ; 355 - 436 AH) also popular as Alam al Huda was one of the greatest scholars of his time and was one of the students of Shaykh al-Mufīd . He was the elder brother of Al-Sharif al-Radi (Seyyed Razi), the compiler of Nahjul Balagha. He was four years older than his brother. He lived during the era of Buyid Dynasty. It was the golden age of Arabic literature, and great poets like Al-Mutanabbi and Al-Ma`arri were among his contemporaries.
Lineage.
He was born in a prominent household. 
Maternal Ancestry.
The name of Sharif al-Murtadhā's mother was Fātimah. She was a pious and noble lady, who was held in high esteem by scholars and other notables. At her request, the great scholar Shaykh al-Mufīd compiled the book ""Ahkām al-Nisā'"", which contains the fiqhi rules for women. Her family had carved out an independent principality in Tabaristan, on the southern coasts of the Caspian Sea. She died in Baghdad, in the year 995, (385 AH).
Her genealogy reads: Fātimah daughter of Husayn, son of Abu Muhammad al-Hasan al-Utrush, son of Ali, son of Hasan, son of Umar al-Ashraf, son of ‘Alī Zaynul ‘Ābidīn.
Death.
Sayyid Murtadhā acquired the epithet of: ""‘Alam al-Hudā"" (""The banner of guidance""), and died at the age of 81 years in 1044 (436 AH).
Work and Contribution.
He was a multi-dimensional personality. All Shi'ite scholars acknowledge that Sayyid Murtadhā was the greatest scholar of his era, and groomed many outstanding ulama (scholars), including the famous Shaykh al-Tūsī, the founder of the celebrated theological Center of Najaf. He served as ""Naqib al-Nuqabā'"" after the death of his brother. 
Sayyid Murtadhā was deeply interested in fiqh, unlike Sayyid Radhī, who was more inclined towards politics and literature. He was considered a master of kalam, fiqh, usul al-fiqh, literature, grammar, poetry and other fields of knowledge. His divan or poetry collection has more than 20,000 verses.
Books authored by Sayyid Murtadhā include:

</doc>
<doc id="19700513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700513" title="CNS (disambiguation)">
CNS (disambiguation)

CNS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19700525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700525" title="Hypertree network">
Hypertree network

A hypertree network is a network topology that shares some traits with the binary tree network. It is a variation of the fat tree architecture.
A hypertree of degree "k" depth "d" may be visualized as a 3-dimensional object whose front view is the top-down complete k-ary tree of depth "d" and the side view is the bottom-up complete binary tree of depth "d".
Hypertrees were proposed in 1981 by James R. Goodman and Carlo Sequin.
Hypertrees are a choice for parallel computer architecture, used, e.g., in the connection machine CM-5.

</doc>
<doc id="19700612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700612" title="MLB Front Office Manager">
MLB Front Office Manager

MLB Front Office Manager is a Major League Baseball-licensed sports management game developed by Blue Castle Games and published by 2K Sports for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. It was released on January 26, 2009.
Gameplay.
"MLB Front Office Manager" allows a player to take the role of a baseball general manager over the course of a thirty-year career; the goal is to perform well enough to become inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. The player's GM is rated on eight disciplines including North American scouting, international scouting, pro-league scouting, player development, trades, contract negotiation, owner confidence and leadership. GMs also have former career backgrounds (i.e. ex-manager, lawyer, business person, former player, or talent scout) that affect the GM's disciplines. A GM's ratings improve or regress over his career depending on their performance and will have seasonal goals depending on the club they're hired by. The player will be faced with decisions such as spring training evaluation, initiate and respond to trades, develop rookies, and even bid for Japanese baseball players. The game also promises advanced AI-controlled GMs who have unique motivations.
During the game, the player may opt to manage, and can issue instructions such as intentionally walk batters, make a bullpen changes, call for steals and bunts, and pitch; the user cannot call individual pitches. 
The game features a full 3D engine for single game gameplay. Full nine inning games take roughly 10–15 minutes to play.
Statistical depth.
The game utilizes official SABR stats compiled over the player's career, even factoring such situational stats as batter vs. pitcher historical stats, pitcher's performance at specific pitch counts, and success with runners in scoring position, in addition to the usual situational stats. These stats extend to actual minor league players from Class AAA to short season minor league systems; due to MLBPA agreements, the players are not identified by name. Players also have personality ratings as well.
Multiplayer.
The game features Online Fantasy Mode, which allows up to thirty managers in an online league to compete against one other to develop the best team. Gamers can use modified rules, enter a fantasy draft, and optionally utilize fantasy baseball scoring systems like rotisserie, head-to-head or traditional scoring.
Reception.
"MLB Front Office Manager" received scathing reviews, most citing its clunky interface, bad artificial intelligence, and baffling simulation and statistical results. "Game Informer" in its 3 of 10 review blasted, "The nuts and bolts of gameplay are apocalyptic failures, but the awfulness doesn't stop there. Managing games is utterly pointless." "GameSpot" noted "the decisions made by computer GMs are beyond bizarre" and player trades "are nondescript affairs shuffling minor leaguers around, the game hits you with a Bizarro World blockbuster on a regular basis", giving it a 4.5 of 10. Hilary Goldstein's "IGN" 6.6 of 10 review was more charitable, but still complained, "Lack of three-team deals, a mediocre interface, and questionable AI logic are unacceptable even from a new IP."
Development.
Oakland Athletics general manager Billy Beane served as expert consultant on the GM experience and environment. Beane also appears in-game as an advisor to the player. New York Yankees general manager Brian Cashman was also involved in the project.

</doc>
<doc id="19700618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700618" title="COMELEC (disambiguation)">
COMELEC (disambiguation)

COMELEC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19700637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700637" title="Karabulak, Azerbaijan">
Karabulak, Azerbaijan

Karabulak, Azerbaijan or Karabulag, Azerbaijan or Gharabulagh, Azerbaijan or Ghrabulagh, Azerbaijan or Karbulag, Azerbaijan or Qarabulaq, Azerbaijan or Karabulakh, Azerbaijan or Gharaboulagh, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19700653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700653" title="Isaac Massa">
Isaac Massa

Isaac Abrahamszoon Massa (baptized October 7, 1586, in Haarlem, died 1643) was a Dutch grain trader, traveller and diplomat, the envoy to Muscovy, author of memoirs witnessing the Time of Troubles and the maps of Eastern Europe and Siberia. He was married to Beatrix van der Laen. Massa's experience in and knowledge of Muscovy transformed him into a Dutch "Kremlinologist." The Isaac Massa Foundation in Groningen aims to stimulate scientific and cultural contacts between the Russian Federation and the Netherlands.
Biography.
Isaac Massa was born in a wealthy silk merchant's family that relocated from Liège to Haarlem before his birth. His ancestors could have been Italian Huguenots who fled their homeland in the beginning of the Reformation. The family surname was also known as "Massart", "Massaert".
In 1601 Isaac left Haarlem for Moscow to assist the family trade. Isaac was witness to the second half of Boris Godunov's reign that evolved into a civil war now known as the Time of Troubles. He survived the capture of Moscow by False Dmitriy I and left Russia in 1609, before the fall of tsar Vasily Shuysky. Massa compiled an account of the 1601–1609 events () presented to Stadtholder Maurice and reproduced in print in the nineteenth century. In 1612–1613 Massa published two articles on Russian events and the geography of the "Land of Samoyeds", accompanied with a map of Russia, in an almanac edited by Hessel Gerritsz. His notes on his various travels have been published in conjunction with maps by Henry Hudson.
These articles were translated and reproduced in European languages anonymously, because the author's name was removed in early Dutch reissues. The most complete translations were issued in Russian in 1937 (reissued in 1997) and in English in 1982. Massa's writing was based on an underlying concept of indispensable punishment for sins. Godunov, False Dimitri and the nation itself all paid for their mortal sins (Massa was confident that Godunov killed Feodor I and the real Tsarevich Dimitri). Russian sources consider him the least biased of contemporary Western witnesses, and a very well informed one (his contemporary, Jacob De la Gardie, characterized Massa as "extremely artful in learning other people's secrets").
Massa is credited with five published maps of Russia and its provinces, the last ones compiled around 1633, and two maps of Moscow city, including the schematic account of the 1606 battle between Vasily Shuysky and Ivan Bolotnikov's armies. Retrieving original muscovite maps could have been dangerous for Massa himself and fatal for his Russian sources. Massa's rendition of the Siberian coast represented an advance in geography and for decades remained the only map of this region. It was subsequently copied by Gerardus Mercator and Jodocus Hondius, Jan Janssonius and Willem Blaeu.
In 1614 Massa returned to Moscow, this time accompanied by his brothers, as an envoy of States-General of the Netherlands to obtain an exclusive trade agreement similar to the recent Dutch-Ottoman treaty, and to investigate the trade routes into Persia. Not only had the Dutch been keen to purchase grains but also Persian silks. These had, equally so, been exported via Archangelsk. At the time Russian people showed great interest in artillery compounds such as lead and gunpowder.
An average of thirty ships sailed each year to Archangelsk, a harbour near the White Sea – unfortunately during 1619 a fire broke out and destroyed the city completely, thereby ruining Massa's inventory. Additionally, upon his return Massa's ship encountered a heavy storm near Lapland.
In 1623/24 Massa was called upon by the Dutch Parliament (Staten-Generaal) to become an agent for Moscovia. However, his appointment proved to be a controversial one and drew serious opposition. He then made successful efforts to gain the interest of Gustaf II Adolf of Sweden to pursue trading grains with Russia. While nourishing the relationships between Russia and Sweden, he was knighted by the Swedish King in 1625 for his arduous efforts. One year later, in 1626, he attempted to gain exclusive rights on the trading of grains out of Russia.
Massa promoted the idea of setting up a trading cartel similar to the English Muscovy Company, but internal problems in the Netherlands delayed consolidation of traders into 1628. During his next voyage, in 1629, he travelled to Moscow to pave the way for his friend Elias Trip who by then had initiated a consortium. Massa indiscreetly advised Michael I of Russia and Michael's father, Filaret (the Patriarch of Moscow) of the internal affairs of the Dutch Republic. By doing so he attempted to tarnish the reputation of his competitors and personal opponents.
Because of the ongoing war between Sweden and Poland no grain could be exported through the city of Dantzig. One of his opponents, Klenck, himself a wealthy merchant trading in caviar, was given Russia's permission to export ten or twelve cargo loads of rye meal. Meanwhile Trip feigned to act on behalf of the Swedish Monarchy.
In 1630 the price of grain remained extremely high due to increasing competition. Albert Burgh tried to ensure a monopoly for the City of Amsterdam. At the same time, countries such as Sweden and England endeavoured to do the same. Russian merchants tried to curtail trading by limiting import and export exclusively via Archangelsk. For the next two decades Massa combined diplomatic service with his own business.
Paintings by Frans Hals.
Massa has been the subject of two portraits by Frans Hals – solo (1626) and with his wife, Beatrix Van Der Laen (1622); the latter is considered unique in composition for the period; the novel composition was probably Massa's own design. Massa owned a country house near Lisse, next to his brother-in-law, Adriaen Maertensz Block. He was the protector of Johannes Symonszoon van der Beeck, a painter from Haarlem.

</doc>
<doc id="19700656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700656" title="Live at the Paradiso – Amsterdam">
Live at the Paradiso – Amsterdam

Live at the Paradiso – Amsterdam is Live's first live concert album and DVD.
History.
The DVD and CD were recorded over two nights at the Paradiso in Amsterdam. Two studio recordings, "Forever" and "Purifier" are included on the album. Singer Ed Kowalczyk said of them, "Both songs kind of have this urgency about them, where we almost missed our deadlines. You can feel the urgency and the energy of the session in the songs".
Despite the fact that the band were about to break up, guitarist Chad Taylor was pleased with the DVD, he wrote, "When I saw the magic that was on camera, I was overcome by emotion. We had documented the energy and efforts of a 20-year career together." The tensions between Ed Kowalczyk and the other three band members were revealed when he added, "When the album artwork showed up with Chad, Patrick and I in black and white and Ed in color it shot pain through my veins."
Taylor also revealed that Kowalczyk was unhappy with his playing during the tour which included the Paradiso concerts, "For some reason on that tour Ed would complain about the tuning of my guitar each and every night in the dressing room following the show. He would call Patrick at all hours of the night asking if we sounded okay. I had long talks with the techs. I begged someone to give me anything tangible that I could work on or fix. The board tapes sounded fine but the constant complaining was driving me mad. It was sucking the life out of me on stage."
Track listing.
Compact Disc.
(*) indicates a studio recording
DVD.
The following tracks were also played at the Paradiso show but were cut out from the DVD/CD
Chart performance.
Singles.
"Forever" (#25, New Zealand)

</doc>
<doc id="19700663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700663" title="Acteonella">
Acteonella

Acteonella is a genus of extinct sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the extinct family Acteonellidae.
The genus is known from the Cretaceous period.
Species.
Species within the genus "Acteonella" include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19700714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700714" title="Continental Hockey League (disambiguation)">
Continental Hockey League (disambiguation)

Continental Hockey League is a name used by several hockey leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="19700766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700766" title="Solveig Zander">
Solveig Zander

Solveig Zander (born 1955) is a Swedish Centre Party politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19700775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700775" title="County Route 41 (Onondaga County, New York)">
County Route 41 (Onondaga County, New York)

County Route 41 (CR 41) in Onondaga County, New York is a highway in the Finger Lakes towns of Skaneateles and Marcellus. The route is unsigned, like most of Onondaga County's routes, serving as a connector between the villages. The route begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 20 (US 20) in Skaneateles and heads northeast for most of its length. Route 41 does not intersect with another state-maintained highway, but does follow the former alignment of two. The highway ends at an intersection with CR 83 (South Street) and CR 150 (Platt Road).
Route 41 was once part of a realignment of a 19th-century turnpike, the Seneca Turnpike. Being a newer alignment, the signs along the highway read "New Seneca Turnpike". The route, when the 1930 New York State Route renumbering occurred, was designated as part of New York State Route 175 (NY 175) from US 20 to NY 174, which is now part of CR 41. The highway then followed an older alignment of Route 174 southward, out of Marcellus. Route 175 was decommissioned and realigned several times along that alignment, and the Route 174 alignment came in the 1970s. By 1989, Route 41 was assigned along its entire alignment.
Route description.
CR 41 begins at an intersection with US 20 (East Genesee Street) in the village of Skaneateles. Route 41 heads to the northeast through the densely populated community, passing homes and trees. The highway then intersects with the northern terminus of East Lake Street, the continuation of NY 41. The county route, however, continues to the northeast, leaving the village portion of Skaneateles at an intersection with Highland Avenue, losing its Onondaga Street moniker. The highway, now known as the New Seneca Turnpike, parallels US 20 in a less dense area of Skaneateles.
The highway continues, leaving Skaneateles for the town of Marcellus. After a while, the dense housing becomes farmland and fields, with the highway continuing towards downtown Marcellus. However, as the route progresses farther, this reverts itself, and houses follow along the highway once again. Route 41 then intersects with Gully Road and the Old Seneca Turnpike, a realignment of itself. The real "Old Seneca Turnpike" is intersected farther north. After passing a large farm, Route 41 intersects with the northern terminus of CR 259A (Richard Road).
Route 41 passes to the south of a pond, making a swing to the north. The route then makes a swing to the east, and soon after a straight path to the northeast. The highway intersects with CR 211A (Lawrence Road), which heads eastward towards NY 174. After the county route, the population around Route 41 quickly dips, and fields surround the highway. A local road, CR 202 (Murphy Road), starts to the west after a short distance. The northeast curving begins to straighten into a northward track, until intersecting with the southern terminus of CR 236 (Gypsy Road). A short distance after, Route 41 intersects with CR 133, the old alignment of the Seneca Turnpike, and the two highways merge.
The county highway then follows the Old Seneca Turnpike along East Main Street, entering the village of Marcellus. Route 41 then makes a turn to the south along an old alignment of NY 174. The population becomes dense once again, as Route 41 follows South Street towards its eastern terminus. Paralleling Marcellus County Park, the highway continues southward. Route 41 finally terminates at an intersection with CR 83 (South Street) and CR 150 (Platt Road). South Street continues towards an intersection with NY 174 and NY 175.
History.
Old roads.
Route 41 from US 20 to South Street, is a realignment of the Seneca Turnpike, which was assigned in 1800. Originally chartered as Genesee Road, the Seneca Turnpike consisted of a highway from Canandaigua to Utica. The turnpike had a long track in Onondaga County, running along CR 133, NY 174, NY 175, NY 173, and NY 92. The turnpike was realigned in 1806 onto CR 41 instead of CR 133. After CR 41, it continued along the same track. The Seneca Turnpike Corporation, which maintained the turnpike, closed its doors in 1852. As of 2008, County Routes 41 and 133 still retain the Seneca Turnpike moniker.
Designation.
In 1930, during a massive State Route renumbering, the Skaneateles – South Street alignment of CR 41 was assigned as NY 175. The rest was portioned as an alignment of NY 174. The NY 174 alignment remained intact for many years, while NY 175 went through several different alignments. NY 175 was truncated off the CR 41 alignment by 1936, until being realigned back onto the highway in the 1960s. However, this time, the highway was maintained by the Onondaga County Department of Transportation. NY 175 was realigned by 1989 onto CR 73 (the Lee Mulroy Highway) south of CR 41. The alignment of CR 41 in Marcellus was established as a county highway in the 1970s and 1980s, when NY 174 was realigned onto a different highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19700776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700776" title="USMLE score">
USMLE score

The United States Medical Licensing Examination score (USMLE score) is given to test takers as a 2-digit and 3-digit score. These two scores are related to each other and are commonly used by hospitals to determine eligibility for residency and fellowship. The three-digit score is based on a theoretical maximum of 300, but this has not been documented by the NBME / FSMB. The two-digit score is normalized to the three-digit score such that a 75 is equal to a 188 for the USMLE Step 1. Contrary to popular opinion, the two-digit score does not represent a percentile.
Three-digit USMLE score.
The NBME / FSMB have never clearly stated that the three-digit score is based on an absolute scale with a maximum of 300. However, this is the assumption stated by NBME with regard to their Comprehensive Basic Science Self-Assessment (CBSSA). The minimum passing level for the three-digit score is 188 effective since July 1st, 2013 The average score varies by year and tends to be near 220.
Two-digit USMLE score.
The two-digit scoring system has been deleted from USMLE Transcripts effective from April, 2013.
USMLE score calculator.
There are a number of score calculators and converters available for the USMLE. A free calculator and converter is available at www.ClinicalReview.com and permits the conversion between the three-digit score and two-digit score, along with an estimate of the percentile based on a probability distribution similar to a Gaussian distribution.
A second calculator is also available at that site which permits the conversion of scores from private testing services to an estimated USMLE score. According to their website, this calculation is based on a regression model that seeks to fit the best curve to the available data.
There are other calculators available. A commonly referenced calculator is available here. This calculator does not perform any conversions, but allows you to estimate your score based on performance from private testing services.
Finally, a calculator is available that permits you to estimate your USMLE Step 1 performance based on a single question bank. That calculator is available with a paid subscription to Kaplan QBank.

</doc>
<doc id="19700783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700783" title="She's 19 and Ready">
She's 19 and Ready

"She's 19 and Ready (also known as Sunnyboy und Sugarbaby") is a 1979 German sex comedy film.
Plot.
The story centers on a rather uninhibited young woman named Eva (Sabine Wollin) and her two boyfriends - Stefan (Ekkehardt Belle) and Claus (Claus Obalski). Eva needs to decide which of the two is to be her "steady". While pondering that question, Eva inherits some overseas properties from a rich uncle. The three of them embark on a world tour to exotic places, meeting up with Eva's cousin Britta (Gina Janssen) along the way. At the film's conclusion, Eva's "choice" is to keep "both" young men as beaus.
Soundtrack.
The film's music soundtrack contained original songs by Gerhard Heinz and also includes the contemporary European hits, "You're the Greatest Lover" by Luv over the opening credits, "Dschinghis Khan" in a dance club performed by the band themselves and "Slip Away Susie" by Bernie Paul in a music video style sequence during a guest appearance by Bernie himself.
Airplay.
The film received a good deal of airplay in the early 1980s on HBO and other cable TV pay channels which sought R-rated programming not available on regular TV.

</doc>
<doc id="19700790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700790" title="Abruzel River">
Abruzel River

The Abruzel River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19700802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700802" title="Murray Kidd">
Murray Kidd

Murray Kidd (born 1953) is a New Zealand rugby union coach, and former schoolboy star.
Playing career.
Murray Kidd first came to prominence as a 17 year old, being picked to play for Taranaki against the 1971 British Lions while still at High School.
Coaching career.
He worked as a coach in Ireland, at Garryowen Football Club, in 1991/92, and at Sunday's Well, in Division Two of the AIB League. He was nominated head coach of Ireland, on 13 October 1995, and held the office for a year, until resigning. In 9 games, he achieved 3 wins and 6 losses.

</doc>
<doc id="19700824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700824" title="Caucas">
Caucas

Caucas or Kavkasos () was the purported ancestor of Caucasians. His story is narrated in the compilation of the medieval Georgian chronicles, "Kartlis Cxovreba", taken down from oral tradition by Leonti Mroveli in the 11th century. The legend has it that he was a son of Targamos and, thus, brother of Haos (the legendary patriarch and founder of the Armenians), Movakos, Lekos, Heros, Kartlos (known to be ancestor of Georgian people), and Egros took their origin.
Caucas' son Dzurdzuk is said to be the ancestor of modern Chechens and Ingush.
Descendants.
According to Leonti Mroveli, the 11th-century Georgian chronicler, the word Caucasian is derived from the Vainakh ancestor Kavkas.
"The Vainakhs are the ancient natives of the Caucasus. It is noteworthy, that according to the genealogical table drawn up by Leonti Mroveli, the legendary forefather of the Vainakhs was "Kavkas", hence the name Kavkasians, one of the ethnicons met in the ancient Georgian written sources, signifying the ancestors of the Chechens and Ingush. As appears from the above, the Vainakhs, at least by name, are presented as the most "Caucasian" people of all the Caucasians (Caucasus - Kavkas - Kavkasians) in the Georgian historical tradition."

</doc>
<doc id="19700837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700837" title="Titus Mulama">
Titus Mulama

Titus Mulama (born 6 August 1980) is a Kenyan international footballer who currently plays for the Nakuru AllStars in FKF Division One.
Career.
Mulama has formerly played in Kenya for Mathare United and KCB, in Rwanda for APR, in Costa Rica for CS Herediano, and in Sweden for Västerås SK.
Personal life.
He is the twin brother of fellow player Simeon Mulama.

</doc>
<doc id="19700853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700853" title="Heterobranchus">
Heterobranchus

Heterobranchus is a genus of airbreathing catfishes native to Africa. However, "H. palaeindicus", the only known extinct species of the genus, was discovered in the Siwalik Hills, India, dating to the Lower Pliocene.
Fish of this genus measure from 64.0 cm to 150 cm (25.2 to 59.0 inches) with "H. longifilis" being the largest freshwater species in southern Africa, reaching 150 centimetres SL and weighing up to 55.0 kilograms (121 lb).
Species.
This genus contains four recent and one fossil species:

</doc>
<doc id="19700867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700867" title="Maria Christina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (disambiguation)">
Maria Christina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (disambiguation)

Maria Christina (or "Cristina") of Bourbon-Two Sicilies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19700884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700884" title="Gaahlskagg">
Gaahlskagg

Gaahlskagg is a Norwegian black metal band from Sunnfjord, Norway, founded in 1998 by Gaahl (former frontman of Gorgoroth and God Seed) and Skagg. Gaahl and Skagg were also members of the band Sigfader at the time.
They first released the Split CD: "Erotic Funeral Party I" together with Stormfront in 1999. Then in 2000 they released their first full-length: "Erotic Funeral", which was recorded in Grieghallen studios during 1999.
Currently Gaahlskagg are working on their second full-length album: "Av Norrønt Blod" which is to be released in the near future. For this release Høst (of Taake) will do some guest vocals.
The planned re-release of their debut "Erotic Funeral" as a set of three 7" LP's (containing the album split into "Erotic Funeral party I - III") has been denied by their label.
No Colours Records instead re-released the album as 12" LP limited in blue (100 pcs.) and black vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="19700916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700916" title="Ray Buker">
Ray Buker

Raymond "Ray" Bates Buker, Sr. (August 27, 1899 – June 3, 1992) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Foster, Rhode Island and died in Boca Raton, Florida.
In the 1924 Olympics he finished fifth in the 1500 metres competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19700922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700922" title="Simeon Mulama">
Simeon Mulama

Simeon Mulama (born 6 August 1980) is a Kenyan international footballer who plays for Mathare United, as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Nairobi, Mulama began his early career in his native Kenya with Mathare United and AFC Leopards; he was captain at the former. He later played in Egypt for Ismaily, in the United States for Park University, and in Sweden for Skellefteå FF. He returned to Mathare United in 2009.
Mulama earned eleven caps for the Kenyan national side, and appeared in one FIFA World Cup qualifying match.
Personal life.
He is the twin brother of fellow player Titus Mulama.

</doc>
<doc id="19700938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700938" title="Claude Liardet">
Claude Liardet

Major-General Sir Claude Francis Liardet KBE, CB, DSO, TD, DL (1881 – 1966) was a businessman and long-serving artillery officer in Britain's part-time Territorial Army before becoming the first Commandant General of the RAF Regiment.
Early life.
Claude Liardet was born on 26 September 1881, the son of Commander Henry Maughan Lairdet of Her Majesty's Indian Navy. He was educated at Bedford School.
Military career.
Liardet joined the Lancashire Artillery in 1899. He transferred to the Lancashire and Cheshire Royal Garrison Artillery in 1905 and served in World War I, during which he was Mentioned in dispatches five times and awarded a DSO. He became Commanding Officer (CO) of the Lancashire and Cheshire Coast Brigade of the Royal Artillery in 1919, and CO of 106 (Lancashire Yeomanry) Brigade, Royal Field Artillery in 1923.
In 1929 Liardet became CO of 64th (7th London) Field Brigade, RFA, serving in 47th (2nd London) Division and in 1934 he was promoted to Commander Royal Artillery (CRA) of that division. When the 47th Division was disbanded in 1936 he transferred as CRA to 56th (1st London) Division. Liardet was promoted to command 56 Division in the rank of major-general in 1938, and held that post during the early part of World War II. 
In 1941 Liardet was appointed Inspector General of Aerodrome Defence and Director General of Ground Defence at the Air Ministry. In 1942 he became Commandant-General of the RAF Regiment until the end of the War, when he retired.
Business career.
Liardet was a director of the Lloyd's of London insurance brokers Bevington, Vaizey, and Foster Ltd.
Family life.
Liardet married, firstly, on 11 January 1906, Dorothy Hopper, daughter of Dr A.R. Hopper. They had two children:
He married secondly, on 25 May 1928, Dorothy Clare Borrett, OBE, daughter of Admiral George Holmes Borrett. They had one child:
Claude Liardet died in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19700954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700954" title="1998 Houston Comets season">
1998 Houston Comets season

The 1998 WNBA season was the second season for the Houston Comets. The Comets won their second straight championship. Their record of 27-3 remains the best in league history.

</doc>
<doc id="19700965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700965" title="1999 Houston Comets season">
1999 Houston Comets season

The 1999 WNBA season was the third season for the Houston Comets. The Comets won their third WNBA Finals.
Playoffs.
Led by what was already known as the "Big Three", (Sheryl Swoopes, Cynthia Cooper and Tina Thompson), the Comets survived a highlight film last second, court to court game winning shot by the Liberty's Teresa Weatherspoon in Game 2 of the finals to beat the Liberty in three games and win their third straight title, this one after the death of teammate Kim Perrot, who died of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19700981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700981" title="2000 Houston Comets season">
2000 Houston Comets season

The 2000 WNBA season was the fourth season for the Houston Comets. The Comets won their fourth WNBA Finals and their last title in franchise history before disbanding in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19700985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19700985" title="Lloyd Hahn">
Lloyd Hahn

Lloyd Hahn (August 7, 1898 – January 1983) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. He coached Gil Dodds, the American and World record holder in the mile run in the 1940s.
He was born in Falls City, Nebraska and died in Brighton, Colorado.
In 1924 he finished sixth in the 1500 metres competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19701041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701041" title="Dartmouth">
Dartmouth

Dartmouth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19701082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701082" title="SevenGates">
SevenGates

SevenGates is an Italian melodic power metal band led by former Vision Divine guitarist Federico Puleri.
"The Good And The Evil".
"The Good and the Evil" is the second official album of the band. The album was completed in 2005, but was delayed due to problems with record labels until the band decided to put the album on their website to be downloaded for free.
Discography.
Others.
Demo (2000)

</doc>
<doc id="19701115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701115" title="2004–05 Lebanese Premier League">
2004–05 Lebanese Premier League

The 2004-05 Season of the Lebanese Premier League was the 57th season of Top-Flight Professional League Football (soccer) in Lebanon. This season featured 11 clubs once more from across the nation. Two of the competing teams were eligible for qualifying for international competitions(AFC Cup for 1st Position and FA Cup Winners while 2nd and 3rd enter the Arab Champions League) while the bottom 3 would be relegated to make way for 2 teams from the 2004-05 Second Division for 2005-06 Season. This Due to the league being reduced to 10 teams for the 2005-06 Season.
Top scorers.
"Correct as of 28 June 2005." 

</doc>
<doc id="19701127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701127" title="Gunilla Carlsson (Social Democrat)">
Gunilla Carlsson (Social Democrat)

Gunilla Carlsson (born 1966) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19701154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701154" title="Dream On (Christian Falk song)">
Dream On (Christian Falk song)

"Dream On" is an electronica song written by Christian Falk, Robyn, and Klas Åhlund. The song is produced and performed by Falk, with vocals from Robyn and The Ark's Ola Salo. The song appears on Falk's 2006 album "People Say" and was released as a single in Sweden, and later, the United Kingdom.
Release and reception.
The song was originally released on Christian Falk's second album "People Say" in 2006, and was released as a single in Sweden. "Dream On" later appeared on the North American release of "Robyn" without Ola Salo's vocals. "Robyn" was re-released in a number of territories with the addition of "Dream On". It was the lead single from the UK special edition of the album. In a November 2008 interview with Digital Spy, Robyn said that while the song was written in 2006, "these lyrics make a lot of sense now. The lyrics are about anyone who's a little bit on the outside - it doesn't have to be thugs, criminals, drug addicts or crazy people [...] It's about how people who are different in society are often discriminated against or bullied."
Digital Spy called the song "a lovely, melancholy piece of electropop that maintains the high standards Robyn set with 'Be Mine', 'Who's That Girl' and 'With Every Heartbeat'." The song has been named a "slice of credible dance-pop, one that combines genuinely heartfelt lyrics [...] with stirring strings and a hands in the air, tripping off your tits chorus." Pitchfork Media said that "Falk [...] concocts a gorgeous, shimmering backing track upon which Robyn and the Ark's Ola Salo rest their weary heads." A later review praised Robyn's "throaty, tremulous performance" as "verging on the evangelical as it crowds out everything else" - the "looped breakbeat, trembling electroclash bass, and winsome synth arpeggios" which Pitchfork described as a "pretty, bittersweet background to Robyn's sermonizing lyrics." Pitchfork placed it at number ten on their Top 100 Songs of 2006.
Music video.
First version.
The original music video for "Dream On" was directed by Tobias Annerhult and Fredrik Skogkvist. As opposed to Robyn and Salo appearing in the music video, two students from a high school in Stockholm star. The video opens with Christian Falk and his daughter lying on a bed together, flipping through a book. They stop at a page which is filled with an illustration of two persons walking through a forest. The video then cuts to this scene. They continue walking through the forest while singing. There are interpolated shots of various things: trees with spray painted images, jackets and t-shirts with images moving across them, shadows falling on the trees, drawings in the dirt, and so on. At the end of the video, they both look up to the sky. Shadows of birds flying are seen upon the trees, and the video ends.
Second version.
Like "Handle Me" and "Be Mine!", Robyn recorded a brand new video for the international release of "Dream On". The video was added to Data Records' official YouTube account on October 17, 2008. It begins with footage of the daytime rush hour in metropolitan New York City. Robyn is then shown in a gold Laitinen dress singing while various images from New York at nighttime are shown. She is also shown in a black blazer and white turtleneck as she sings in front of daytime images. A number of people who seem to be in trouble or under stress are also shown: an hooded African American male standing in an alley under police lights, a woman crying while a man pulling on a shirt moves away from her, implying that she is a prostitute, a man yelling and chasing somebody down a street. As the video goes on, it turns out that good things are actually happening to the characters. The camera pans out on the African American man as he slowly pulls down his hood, and it turns out he is actually a police officer. The woman is crying because her boyfriend proposed to her, and he is awaiting her answer. She eventually smiles at him and says yes. The man running down the street was actually saving his target from an oncoming taxicab that would have hit him. Near the end of the video, various characters (such as the man being saved from the taxi, and the girl's reflection) transform into Robyn for a moment. 
Like the music video for Oasis' "Stand By Me", the video is based on a famous series of adverts for "The Guardian". Entitled The Whole Picture, the adverts showed people appearing to be engaging in criminal and/or anti-social acts yet they are actually helping someone else.
Track listings and formats.
UK single.
"Side A"
"Side B"
Chart positions.
"Dream On" spent three weeks on the Swedish singles chart in 2006, entering the charts at number 46 and peaking four places higher, at number 42.
On November 23, 2008, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at #29.

</doc>
<doc id="19701166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701166" title="Muay at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Muay at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Muay at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Macau East Asian Games Dome, Macau, China from 29 October to 3 November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19701190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701190" title="Denton Airport (disambiguation)">
Denton Airport (disambiguation)

Denton Airport may refer to: Penguins in Iceland<3

</doc>
<doc id="19701239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701239" title="Ervand Abrahamian">
Ervand Abrahamian

Ervand Abrahamian (; ; born 1940) is a historian of Middle Eastern and particularly Iranian history.
An Armenian born in Iran and raised in England, he received his M.A. at Oxford University and his Ph.D. at Columbia University. He teaches at the City University of New York (CUNY) where he is Distinguished Professor of History at Baruch College and the CUNY Graduate Center. He has taught at Princeton University, New York University and Oxford University. Abrahamian was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2010.
He has appeared as a guest on such shows as The Charlie Rose Show and World Focus, speaking on contemporary Iranian politics.

</doc>
<doc id="19701243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701243" title="Rock Pedal">
Rock Pedal

Rock Pedal is a third party drum pedal extension for the video game Rock Band, as well as the second version of that game. The product also works with the ION Drum Rocker with a separately applied adapter. The pedal claims to be a suitable replacement for the included pedal, which many players find is of low quality.
Features.
Rock Pedal is made from an actual drum pedal, combined with a magnetic switch. Because the switch is non-contact, the product has a higher longevity than some other products.
Critical reception.
Rock Pedal has been met with positive reception from the Rock Band community. Rock Gamer's Cena, a highly respected reviewer of Rock Band accessories, reviewed the pedal positively on June 5, 2008.
On September 23, 2008, Ars Technica released an in-depth review of Rock Pedal, comparing it to the popular Omega Pedal. The reviewer writes, "the Rock Pedal feels more professionally done than the Omega Pedal."
Alternatives.
There are many other drum pedals for Rock Band including, but not limited to:

</doc>
<doc id="19701264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701264" title="Mala (Yolandita Monge album)">
Mala (Yolandita Monge album)

Mala, is the 31st studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge and the first and only album under Universal Music Latin Entertainment. This album was released on November 25, 2008, and follows the same musical and lyrical style as Demasiado Fuerte.
Reception.
Ultimately, the album achieved some commercial success In Puerto Rico and some Latin countries, but not like her previous recording Demasiado Fuerte the year before. The album is currently out of print in CD but it is available as a digital download at iTunes.
Promotion.
Mala... Tour 2009.
A tour to promote the album will begin on April 24, 2009 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Yolandita Monge, will begin her tour in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, which will tour several countries in Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="19701307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701307" title="All Saints Chapel">
All Saints Chapel

All Saints Chapel (or All Saints' Chapel) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19701375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701375" title="Lena Hallengren">
Lena Hallengren

Lena Hallengren (born 1973) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19701413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701413" title="Think Before You Speak (campaign)">
Think Before You Speak (campaign)

The Think Before You Speak campaign is a television, radio, and magazine advertising campaign launched in 2008 and developed to raise awareness of the common use of derogatory vocabulary among youth towards lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer/questioning (LGBTQ) people. It also aims to "raise awareness about the prevalence and consequences of anti-LGBTQ bias and behaviour in America’s schools." As LGBTQ people have become more accepted in the mainstream culture more studies have confirmed that they are one of the most targeted groups for harassment and bullying. In an "analysis of 14 years of hate crime data" from the FBI found that gays and lesbians, or those perceived to be gay, "are far more likely to be victims of a violent hate crime than any other minority group in the United States". “As Americans become more accepting of LGBT people, the most extreme elements of the anti-gay movement are digging in their heels and continuing to defame gays and lesbians with falsehoods that grow more incendiary by the day,” said Mark Potok, editor of the Intelligence Report. “The leaders of this movement may deny it, but it seems clear that their demonization of gays and lesbians plays a role in fomenting the violence, hatred and bullying we’re seeing.” Because of their sexual orientation or gender identity/expression, nearly half of LGBTQ students have been physically assaulted at school. The campaign takes positive steps to counteract hateful and anti-gay speech that LGBTQ students experience in their daily lives in hopes to de-escalate the cycle of hate speech/harassment/bullying/physical threats and violence.
The campaign was created by the New York office of the Arnold Agency, part of the Arnold Worldwide Partners unit of Havas, and the Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network (GLSEN). The campaign is the Advertising Council's first LGBT awareness campaign and is trying to achieve an ending to the use of what they consider offensive phrases such as "that's so gay". Television commercials for the campaign include singer Hilary Duff as well as comedian Wanda Sykes. In 2008 the campaign won the Ad Council's Gold Bell award award for "Best Public Service Advertising Campaign" from the Ad Council.
Background.
A U.S. government study, titled "Report of the Secretary's Task Force on Youth Suicide", published in 1989, found that LGBT youth are four times more likely to attempt suicide than other young people. This higher prevalence of suicidal ideation and overall mental health problems among gay teenagers compared to their heterosexual peers has been attributed to Minority Stress. Depression and drug use among LGBT people have both been shown to increase significantly after new laws that discriminate against gay people are passed. Institutionalized and internalized homophobia may also lead LGBTQ youth to not accept themselves and have deep internal conflicts about their sexual orientation.
"Approximately 25 percent of lesbian, gay and bisexual students and university employees have been harassed due to their sexual orientation, as well as a third of those who identify as transgender, according to the study and reported by the Chronicle of Higher Education." "LGBT students are three times as likely as non-LGBT students to say that they do not feel safe at school (22% vs. 7%) and 90% of LGBT students (vs. 62% of non-LGBT teens) have been harassed or assaulted during the past year." In addition, "LGBQ students were more likely than heterosexual students to have seriously considered leaving their institution as a result of harassment and discrimination." Susan Rankin, a contributing author to the report in Miami, found that “Unequivocally, The 2010 State of Higher Education for LGBT People demonstrates that LGBTQ students, faculty and staff experience a ‘chilly’ campus climate of harassment and far less than welcoming campus communities."
Homophobia arrived at by any means can be a gateway to bullying. As seen in the nine LGBTQ youth suicides in September 2010, severe bullying can lead to extremities such as suicide. It does not always have to be physical, but it can be emotional, viral, sexual, and racial, too. Physical bullying is kicking, punching, while emotional bullying is name calling, spreading rumors and other verbal abuse. Viral, or cyber bullying, involves abusive text messages or messages of the same nature on Facebook, Twitter, and other social media networks. Sexual bullying is unwanted touching, lewd gestures or jokes, and racial bullying has to do with stereotypes and discrimination.
Bullying is often dismissed as a "rite of passage", but studies have shown it has negative physical and psychological effects. "Sexual minority youth, or teens that identify themselves as gay, lesbian or bisexual, are bullied two to three times more than heterosexuals", and "almost all transgender students have been verbally harassed (e.g., called names or threatened in the past year at school because of their sexual orientation (89%) and gender expression (89%)", according to GLSEN's "Harsh Realities, The Experiences of Transgender Youth In Our Nation’s Schools". These issues have become more mainstream in the 2000s (decade), and even more so in the months of September and October 2010 when a series of suicides got national attention. In August 2010 the US Department of Education (DOE) hosted the first-ever National Bullying Summit. President Barack Obama has posted an "It Gets Better" video on The White House website as part of the It Gets Better Project, it became the second most-viewed video on the White House YouTube channel.
"More than 34,000 people die by suicide each year," making it "the third leading cause of death among 15 to 24 year olds with lesbian, gay, and bisexual youth attempting suicide up to four times more than their heterosexual peers." In 2004, 1,985 American adolescents under the age of twenty committed suicide, an increase of 18% from the previous year. Though it is impossible to know the exact suicide rate of LGBT youth because sexuality and gender minorities are often hidden and even unknown, particularly in this age group. Further research is currently being done to explain the prevalence of suicide among LGBT youths.
The Campaign.
Kevin Jennings, who is openly gay and is the Assistant Deputy Secretary for the Office of Safe and Drug-Free Schools at the U.S. Department of Education, has experienced bullying himself at school and has hoped for this campaign for over ten years. The campaign aims to reduce homophobic slang among youth, and educate parents and teachers on how to create a safe space for LGBT teens. GLSEN and the Ad Council have reported that over half of all students have heard homophobic remarks being made often at school, and 9 out of 10 LGBT students have been harassed at school over the last year. The campaign encourages students to get involved by starting a Gay-Straight Alliance, educating their peers, and working to create a safer environment for LGBT students. This is the first campaign on GLBT issues since the Ad Council was founded in 1942. The campaign uses the slogan "When you say ‘That’s so gay,’ do you realize what you say? Knock it off." Previously the council has run other anti-discrimination campaigns like "A mind is a terrible thing to waste,” for the United Negro College Fund, and "Expect the best from a girl and that’s what you’ll get" to promote gender equality.
GLSEN spent approximately $2 million dollars to produce the campaign, which was released along with GLSEN's "2007 School Climate Survey". It includes three television public service announcements (PSAs), six print PSAs and three radio PSAs. The ad was the first ever campaign by the Ad Council, "which directs and coordinates public service campaigns on behalf of Madison Avenue and the media industry", to address any GLBTQ issues. The campaign was done pro bono by the New York office of Arnold Worldwide.
In researching the possibility that public service directors, who decide which pro bono campaigns their media outlet will run, they found only a "very small percentage" who would not run the campaign but mainly due to their audience was much older. They also tested how to deliver the messages to "tough and media savvy" kids "that speaks to young people in a tone they do not deem patronizing or condescending." Their goal became "to show the situation in a new light [...] to point out this language can be hurtful and let the kids make their own decisions."
After the first year of the campaign had been reached, the second harder-hitting phase addressing the consequences, "sometimes life-or-death", of anti-gay language was launched. The first phase focussed on showing the television PSAs to get young people to see how their language can be hurtful, the ads combined for "more than $9 million worth of media exposure for the campaign's message since its launch in October 2008." The second phase will be more viral and enable people to embed banners and materials on websites and in their social media use. All the materials are downloadable from the campaign site. The Ad Council reports a high recognition of the television spots among teens (41% of teens aged 13–16 nationwide reporting that they have seen or heard at least one PSA) and a recent survey conducted by the Council shows "significant shifts in key attitudes and behaviors regarding the use of anti-LGBTQ slurs." Another downloadable feature is a meter that tracks the occurrence of common LGBTQ slurs such as "fag" and "dyke" "in real time—on the popular micro-blogging site Twitter."

</doc>
<doc id="19701439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701439" title="Liardet">
Liardet

Liardet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19701487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701487" title="Abuná">
Abuná

Abuná can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19701511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701511" title="All Saints Chapel and Morris Family Burial Ground">
All Saints Chapel and Morris Family Burial Ground

All Saints Chapel and Morris Family Burial Ground is a historic Episcopal church located at Morris in Otsego County, New York. The church is a small stone Gothic Revival style chapel built from about 1866 to 1868. The rectangular building is three bays wide and four bays deep under a steeply sloping gable roof with slate shingles. It features a projecting central bell-cote tower and a large rose window. The first burial in the Morris Family Burial Ground dates to 1791 and it remains an active family burial ground. Also on the property is a wagon shed dating to the 1860s. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19701555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701555" title="1889–90 Everton F.C. season">
1889–90 Everton F.C. season

Regular Football League First team.
Such was the transition at Everton over the summer that just four of the previous season's first choice eleven, Smalley, Farmer, Holt and Chadwick remained in place, the latter being the only player to play in every Everton League game since the formation of the competition. Twenty-five-year-old right back, Andrew Hannah was brought from Renton to replace the retired George Dobson. A disappointed Nick Ross returned to Preston having missed their double winning season and was replaced by the Bolton veteran left back, Dan Doyle. Charlie Parry arrived from Chester St Oswalds, pushing James Weir out of the side and striker Frank Sugg was also pushed out as Fred Geary was brought in from Notts County. Joe Davies returned to his hometown club Chirk to be replaced by Alex Latta from Dumbarton meaning that no less than five new signings made their debut on the opening day of the season with two of them, Geary and Parry both becoming instant heroes by scoring the goals in a 3–2 victory over Blackburn. 
The loss of inside right Robert Watson to Gorton Villa during the summer left a gap that wasn't properly filled until November when Alec Brady arrived from Sunderland and also scored on his debut in the 8–0 mauling of Stoke. 
His arrival completed what became the first choice eleven for the season but they only actually played as a team on one occasion when, in the formation listed above, they slumped to their worst result of the entire season, losing 1–5 at home to Preston on 16 November, despite leading at half time. Their second half display that day would ultimately cost Everton the title as the two points won by Preston proved to be the margin between the two sides at the end of the season. Centre Half, George Farmer was heavily criticised for the defeat and was the only change for the next game, which Everton won 4–2 at Blackburn Rovers. He never regained his place in the side and was released at the end of the season. Farmer's and Brady's Everton careers overlapped only three games, hence the solitary appearance of the first eleven, although the other nine, along with Farmer during the first half of the season and Brady during the latter half were almost a constant, with the result that five played all twenty-two games while Holt and Latta each missed just one.
Other players used in the Football League.
Bob Cain (4 appearances at centre back), Walter Cox (4 apps in goal), Harry Hammond (1 app at left back), R Jamieson (1 app at centre forward), Charles Joliffe (1 app in goal), Robert Jones (1 app at inside right), David Kirkwood (11 apps at inside right), W Orr (1 app at centre forward), Frank Sugg (1 app at centre back), James Weir (3 apps at left back)
Sugg and Weir had both been first team regulars the previous season but were edged out by new faces, the former going on to achieve greater fame as a cricketer of the highest calibre. Harry Hammond made only this one appearance for Everton before going on to narrowly miss out on winning the title with Sheffield United
Achievements.
The 1889/90 team set the following club records in the League

</doc>
<doc id="19701570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701570" title="Dolgorukov (disambiguation)">
Dolgorukov (disambiguation)

Dolgorukov, Dolgorukova may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19701580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701580" title="Lexicon Mediae et Infimae Latinitatis Polonorum">
Lexicon Mediae et Infimae Latinitatis Polonorum

Lexicon Mediae et Infimae Latinitatis Polonorum (Polish "Słownik łaciny średniowiecznej w Polsce") is the most comprehensive dictionary of the Latin language as was used in Poland from the 10th to the middle of the 16th century. Administratively, the dictionary belongs to the Institute of the Polish Language, Cracow, which is incorporated in the Polish Academy of Sciences.
History.
As with similar dictionaries in other European countries, the origins of the "Lexicon Mediae et Infimae Latinitatis Polonorum" go back to a project launched through the Union Académique Internationale in 1920, which aimed to compile a great common dictionary of Medieval Latin based on excerpts from the different national sources. The initiative eventually resulted in the establishment of a number of separate, national dictionaries. In Poland, preparatory work started immediately (under the auspices of the Polish Academy of Learning), and the majority of the excerpts were collected in the years 1924–1939. Subsequently, due to the outbreak of the Second World War, progress on the dictionary was impeded for some years.
The first fascicle was only published in 1953, under the direction of the late Prof. Marian Plezia (1917–1996), longstanding editor of the "Lexicon" until his retirement in 1988. Prof. Krystyna Weyssenhoff–Brozkowa (1934–2007) was appointed as his successor, and performed the function until 2005, when Michał Rzepiela was appointed editor. The editorial team numbers six persons.
List of fascicles.
Since 1953, seventy fasciscles have been published, making up the seven volumes completed to date (A–Q) plus most of the eighth volume (as of 2011, R–Sto). 

</doc>
<doc id="19701592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701592" title="Danny Driscoll">
Danny Driscoll

Daniel "Danny" Driscoll (1855 – January 23, 1888) was an American criminal and co-leader of the Whyos with Danny Lyons. The two held joint control over the street gang following the death of Mike McGloin in 1883, however both men were executed for separate murders only months apart from each other. They were the last powerful leaders of the organization and, following their downfall, the Whyos were eventually replaced by the Eastman and Five Points Gangs.
His arrest for the murder of well-known Five Points debutante Bridget "Beezy" Garrity during 1886 was followed by one of the most publicized trials of New York's history.
Biography.
Early life with the Whyos.
Growing up in a Five Points tenement district, Driscoll amassed a considerable criminal record by the time he had become a young adult. He was arrested 25 times, many of these involving stabbings and shootings, and had served a combined 16 years in both the New York State Penitentiary and New York State Prison. He also acted as a fagin training local youths to pickpocket. In 1882, Driscoll was arrested for grand larceny but escaped from The Tombs when, while being transported in a Black Maria, he switched names with a man arrested for public drunkenness. Upon their arrival, Driscoll simply paid a $10 fine and walked out of the prison.
He had become a prominent member of the Whyos by the early 1880s, at the time the most dominant street gang in the city, and became leader of the organization with Danny Lyons following the execution of longtime leader Mike McGloin in 1883. In 1885, he was forced to leave the city and spent some time on the west coast before returning to New York in May 1886.
Murder of Beezy Garrity.
On June 26, 1886, Driscoll rode by coach to a three-story brick house on the north side of Hester Street. According to traditional accounts, Driscoll had been approached by Bridget "Beezy" Garrity who claimed she had been cheated by the owner of a panel house operating within the Whyos territory. Although he had been barred from the property of the resident "bouncer" John McCarty (or McCarthy), with whom he had been involved in a long-standing feud, he arrived at the house with Garrity at around 4:00 am. He sent Garrity ahead of him so that she could be let in by McCarty and then let Driscoll in afterwards. However, after Garrity was let in to the front parlor, McCarty spotted Driscoll and attempted to close the door. Driscoll was able to block the door open with his arm and, during the struggle, McCarty drew his revolver.
What happened after this point is unclear, however according to news accounts, Garrity attempted to stop McCarty from using his weapon. Alerted by her cries, Driscoll took his own revolver out and attempted to shoot McCarty by aiming at him from between the edge of the door and the door jamb. His first shot hit the wall opposite McCarty. He then tried, unsuccessfully, to fire between the inner door and the door jamb. Both McCarty and Garrity ran from the area at this point, with Garrity going to the back room. As Driscoll entered the darkened hallway, Garrity ran out from a door leading from the back room. Driscoll apparently thought that this was McCarty and fired into the dark hitting Garrity in the abdomen.
He then attempted to flee the area. Driscoll was pursued by police officers then arriving at the house. Several warning shots were fired, but he did not stop. Driscoll was chased by police before disappearing into the open door of a Baxter Street tenement where his mother lived. An extensive search of the area was conducted and he was eventually found by police hiding behind the door of an unoccupied apartment in the next building. He denied shooting Garrity and had no weapon on him but was taken into custody and held at the Mulberry Street police station.
Garrity was taken to St. Vincent's Hospital where she died that afternoon. Before she died, she identified McCarty as her attacker. McCarty was initially arrested; however he denied he had fired a shot and showed his revolver which was still loaded and not fired. This claim was later dismissed believing that she was attempting to protect her supposed lover.
Murder trial.
Fifty members of the Whyos were in the courtroom at the time of his arraignment, however they were forced to leave by the presiding judge Justice Patterson. On the morning of June 28, Driscoll and McCarty were taken to the Tombs Police Court. They appeared friendly and were talking for some time prior to the proceedings. Once court was in session however, both men blamed each other for Garrity's death.
When McCarty testified, he claimed that he had been sitting in his room when Garrity, a woman he claimed had never seen before, entered his home with Driscoll following closely behind her. He closed the door behind her and then Driscoll firing his pistol through an opening just below the upper hinge. Believing that Driscoll might enter the house another way and shoot him from behind, McCarty then jumped from a window in an adjoining room into the yard. He had heard a second shot, but did not return to the house until he had seen Driscoll being arrested by police who had arrived by that time. Entering his room, he discovered Garrity lying on his bed and who accused him of having shot her. Upon hearing this, he immediately handed his pistol to an officer, Peter Monahan, who found that the gun was fully loaded and no shots had been fired. Monahan would corroborate this story during the trial.
Driscoll interrupted court proceedings claiming that he himself was unarmed at the time of the incident and that McCarty was the only one who could have shot Garrity. Driscoll then addressed the court.
Carrie Wilson, a local Chrystie Street resident, testified that she was in the building at the time of the shooting and that she had seen Driscoll and Garrity arrive in a coach with another man and woman. She further claimed that she had seen Driscoll fire two shots through the door and, after the second shot, a woman fell. John Green and Emmanuel Devoss, both local residents, said they were in the back room when they also heard shots fired.
On the last day of the trial, a doctor from St. Vincent's Hospital made a surprise appearance and testified that Garrity told him McCarthy was the man who shot her. Driscoll's lawyer, Bill Howe, was also able to weaken the credibility of the witnesses testimony, however Driscoll was found guilty of first degree murder on September 30, 1886.
Imprisonment and execution.
Days before his conviction, Driscoll was moved to "Murderer's Row" after it was discovered by the warden that Driscoll had been attempting to tunnel out of his cell. He was guarded by Inspector Williams and 75 police officers for the remainder of his time in The Tombs. He was allowed to see his relatives the day before his execution and, in his last words to his wife, Driscoll said ""I die happy. Take good care of yourself, Mary. I'll pray for you in heaven."" Maintaining his innocence, he continued to make criminal charges against Warden Walsh. These charges were disputed among a number of prison guards who signed a petition in his defense.
On the morning of January 23, 1888, Driscoll was brought to the yard of Tombs Prison where he was publicly hanged. His execution was witnessed by Sheriff Grant and his deputy, Fathers Pendergrast and Gilenas, and fourteen reporters. Also present was Commodore Elbridge T. Gerry who attended the execution to report that the execution had been conducted in a humane and just manner.

</doc>
<doc id="19701634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701634" title="Geoglyar">
Geoglyar

Geoglyar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19701820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701820" title="Olkhovka">
Olkhovka

Olkhovka () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Modern rural localities.
Republic of Bashkortostan.
As of 2010, four rural localities in the Republic of Bashkortostan bear this name:
Belgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Belgorod Oblast bears this name:
Bryansk Oblast.
As of 2010, six rural localities in Bryansk Oblast bear this name:
Chelyabinsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Chelyabinsk Oblast bears this name:
Ivanovo Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Ivanovo Oblast bears this name:
Kaliningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kaliningrad Oblast bears this name:
Kaluga Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kaluga Oblast bear this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kostroma Oblast bears this name:
Krasnoyarsk Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Krasnoyarsk Krai bears this name:
Kurgan Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kurgan Oblast bear this name:
Kursk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kursk Oblast bear this name:
Leningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Leningrad Oblast bears this name:
Lipetsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Lipetsk Oblast bears this name:
Republic of Mordovia.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Republic of Mordovia bears this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Moscow Oblast bears this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bears this name:
Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Novosibirsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Novosibirsk Oblast bears this name:
Omsk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Omsk Oblast bear this name:
Penza Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Penza Oblast bears this name:
Perm Krai.
As of 2010, ten rural localities in Perm Krai bear this name:
Primorsky Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Primorsky Krai bears this name:
Ryazan Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Ryazan Oblast bear this name:
Sakhalin Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Sakhalin Oblast bears this name:
Saratov Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Saratov Oblast bear this name:
Smolensk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Smolensk Oblast bears this name:
Sverdlovsk Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Sverdlovsk Oblast bear this name:
Tambov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Tambov Oblast bears this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Udmurt Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Udmurt Republic bears this name:
Ulyanovsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Ulyanovsk Oblast bears this name:
Volgograd Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Volgograd Oblast bears this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Vologda Oblast bears this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Yaroslavl Oblast bears this name:

</doc>
<doc id="19701825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701825" title="Jimmy Cariggio">
Jimmy Cariggio

James Cariggio (1892 – March 3, 1914), known as both Gold Mine Jimmy and Jimmy Curley, was an American criminal and gang leader. The founder of the Jimmy Curley Gang, his gang was responsible for numerous hold ups and robberies in Manhattan at the start of the 20th century. He had been arrested several times in connection with the gang's activities, he himself was never identified in court. Longtime rivals of the Gas House Gang, Cariggio shot and killed their leader Tommy Lynch in a gunfight in early-1914.
On March 3, Cariggio left his mother's home on Second Avenue. He was found shot to death outside a bookstore on East Thirteenth Street around 7:30 that evening. Although no eye witnesses were found, nearby residents reported hearing four gunshots. Reverend Frances Edwards of Grace Chapel was having his supper in the rectory when he heard the disturbance and telephoned police. John Morelli, the bookstore owner, and three other men were attending to Cariggo when police arrived minutes later. Questioned by Lieutenant Hennessy and detectives Bonano and Grotano, the men said they hid in doorways when the shooting started and did not see anything. 
Nine members of Cariggio's gang were taken to the Fifth Street police station for questioning. Papers discovered in Cariggio's pockets were suspected to have been possible clues to his murder, but the case remained unsolved.

</doc>
<doc id="19701857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701857" title="Lipoptena mazamae">
Lipoptena mazamae

Lipoptena mazamae, the Neotropical deer ked, is a fly from the family Hippoboscidae. They are blood-feeding parasites of the white-tailed deer - "Odocoileus virginianus" in the southeastern United States and Central America, the red brocket deer - "Mazama americana" in Mexico to northern Argentina, and also an incidental parasite of domestic cattle, Cougars - "Puma concolor", and man.
Deer keds are small brown, flattened flies . Females are slightly larger than males, with a body length of 3.5-4.5 mm for females 3 mm for males. They have a tough protective exoskeleton to prevent them from being crushed. They shed their wings upon finding a suitable host. As in all Hippoboscidae, both males and females are blood feeders.
They are often misidentified as ticks.
The female fly will produce a single larva at a time, retaining the larva internally until it is ready to pupate. The larva feeds on the secretions of a milk gland in the uterus of the female. After three larval instars, a white pre-pupa which immediately forms a hard dark puparium. The pupa is usually deposited where the deer slept overnight. When the pupa has completed its pupation. a winged adult emerges and flies in search of a suitable host, upon which fly sheds its wings and is permanently associated with the same host. This is typical of most members of the family Hippoboscidae.
"L. mazamae" are known to carry several species of the "Bartonella" bacterium, but it has not yet been positively proved whether they are active vectors of "Bartonella" infections, or just carry the bacterium as a by product of their blood feeding habits.

</doc>
<doc id="19701876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701876" title="Kav ha-Yashar">
Kav ha-Yashar

Kav ha-Yashar (lit. "The Just Measure"; קב הישר) authored by Rabbi Tzvi Hirsch Kaidanover, is one of the most popular works of musar literature of the last three hundred years. First published in 1705, it has appeared in over 80 editions, in nearly every country around the world. The work was famous for uplifting the spirits of Jewish communities in Europe after the Chmelnitzki Massacres of 1648-1649. 
Moshe Idel has described "Kav Ha-Yashar" as an "ethical-kabbalistic collection of stories, moral guidance, and customs" which "reflects a deliberate effort to popularize Safedian Kabbalah by adopting a much more understandable style in Hebrew."

</doc>
<doc id="19701886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701886" title="Balmacara">
Balmacara

Balmacara () is a village on the north shore of Loch Alsh near Kyle of Lochalsh, Ross-shire, Highland and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland. Scotland.
Shinty club, Kinlochshiel play in the adjacent hamlet of Kirkton.

</doc>
<doc id="19701944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701944" title="Prishib">
Prishib

Prishib () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19701962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19701962" title="Neustadt International School">
Neustadt International School

The International School of Neustadt (ISN), founded in 2005, is an English-medium school for students from the age of 4 years onwards. ISN offers an internationally recognized education that allows children to develop the attributes of a world citizen: inquirer, knowledgeable, caring, communicator, principled, open-minded, balanced, reflective, thinker and risk-taker.
The International School of Neustadt is the only international school in Neustadt an der Weinstrasse and in Rhineland-Palatinate:
(2) Cambridge’s Advanced Level (GCE A level) qualifications (October 2009) and
(3) authorised by the International Baccalaureate (IB) to offer the Primary Years Programme (April 2009). 
(4) In May 2010 ISN has received accreditation to offer the IB Diploma for students aged 16–19 years.
ISN is also an accredited centre to offer Cambridge's Professional Diploma for Teachers and Trainers. All examinations are conducted in Neustadt and marked in Cambridge, UK.
The language of school instruction is English. Children aged 4 to 11 years are exposed to this language throughout the day, from the age of 4 onwards. ISN values the host country language and from the age of 5 and until the end of their primary schooling, children receive 5 hours of German instruction per week.
At middle school, it is compulsory for all students in Grades 6, 7 and 8 to study 4 languages - English, French, Spanish and German. They receive 2 to 3 hours of instruction in each of these 4 languages weekly. In their Grades 9, 10, 11 and 12, students are expected to study a minimum of 2 languages, up to their IB Diploma. All language teachers at ISN are native speakers, with specialization in language teaching. The ISN's aim, in terms of language teaching, is to allow students to appreciate some of the European languages and to equip them with the necessary linguistic skills and competence so as to enable them to study at the best German, Spanish, Francophone and Anglophone universities.

</doc>
<doc id="19702013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702013" title="Kallithea, Lemnos">
Kallithea, Lemnos

Kallithea (, before 1955: Σαρπί - "Sarpi") is a village in the Greek island of Lemnos, part of the municipal unit Nea Koutali. In 2001 its population was 234. 
Geography.
Kallithea is situated in the central part of the island of Lemnos, west of the Gulf of Moudros. It is amphitheatrically built on a low hill 800 m from the Gulf. Due to its panoramic location, it was renamed to Kallithea ("nice view") in 1955. It is 1 km southeast of Livadochori, 1 km northeast of Nea Koutali, 6 km northwest of Moudros and 12 km east of Myrina. The Lemnos International Airport is 2 km northeast.
History.
The village was mentioned as Sarpin in a census document of the Great Lavra monastery in 1361. Although the name was perceived as Turkish in the 1950s, it actually predates the Ottoman era. This may be one of the few Mycenaean names that survive in Lemnos, meaning "wooden house". 
Formerly, the village was built more to the east, on the Agios Georgios Bay. Due to pirate attacks and other risks of its low location, its residents were forced to resettle, probably in the 18th century. It had 66 men in 1856 who paid 1,058 piastres to avoid conscription. 50 families lived in the village in 1863 and 55 in 1874. In the same year it had 63 houses and was part of the municipality (koli) of Kondia. The village had a representative in the Lemnos provincial council. 
The "Sarpi Paleologiki School" was opened in 1868, the first school on the island outside the capital. It was funded by Doukas Palaiologos (1790–1870), a descendant of a family of captains from Sarpi who had an insurance firm in England. His firm paid for the school until 1896. It became a community school in 1900.
Sarpi finally joined Greece in 1913 after the Balkan Wars. It became an independent community in 1918. In the interwar years, it saw a small growth. It recorded 381 inhabitants in 1928, most of these work in agriculture, livestock farming, fishing and orchards. After the Second World War, its population declined due to internal and external emigration. Its population was 399 in 1951, fell to 203 in 1981 and has more or less stabilised since then. 

</doc>
<doc id="19702020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702020" title="Bronwen Weber">
Bronwen Weber

Bronwen Weber (born Calgary, Alberta) is a pastry chef and renowned cake decorator based in Dallas, Texas. In her 20 year career she has worked at a variety of bakeries and won numerous awards, including the Oklahoma State Sugar Art Show grand prize in the wedding cake division. She is a frequent competitor on Food Network Challenge cake decorating competitions, having competed over twenty times.

</doc>
<doc id="19702086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702086" title="Guleh">
Guleh

Guleh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19702155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702155" title="Zadok Ben-David">
Zadok Ben-David

Zadok Ben-David (born 1949) is an Israeli artist working in London. He was born in Beihan, Yemen; his family immigrated to Israel when he was an infant. He studied at the Bezalel Academy of Art and Design from 1971 to 1973. He continued his studies at University of Reading and Saint Martin's School of Art, where he studied sculpture and later taught, from 1977-1982.
In 1988, Ben-David represented Israel in the Venice Biennale. Ben-David’s largest solo show to date was at the Guangdong Art Museum in Guangzhou, China in spring 2007.
He has received many awards, including the Grande Biennial Prémio at the XIV Biennale Internacional de Arte de Vila Nova de Cerveira in Portugal in 2007, and the Tel Aviv Museum prize for sculpture 2005. In 2008, he was commissioned to make a sculpture for the Beijing Olympics.
Ben-David’s show “Human Nature” at the Tel Aviv Museum had had the highest attendance in the thirty-year history of the museum when it ended in February 2010.
Since 1980, Ben-David has had more than forty solo exhibitions. His works are held in the collections of public and private institutions in Europe, East Asia, the United States, Israel and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19702184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702184" title="Chasing Ghosts">
Chasing Ghosts

Chasing Ghosts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19702291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702291" title="Liu Jingmin">
Liu Jingmin

Liu Jingmin (Chinese: 刘敬民; b. January 1952) is the Vice Mayor of Beijing, and Executive Vice President of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the Games of the XXIX Olympiad.

</doc>
<doc id="19702313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702313" title="Throwaway">
Throwaway

Throwaway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19702430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702430" title="Asa Butterfield">
Asa Butterfield

Asa Maxwell Thornton Farr Butterfield (born 1 April 1997) is an English actor. He is known for playing the main character, Bruno, in the Holocaust film "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas" (2008), portraying the young Mordred in the hit BBC TV Series "Merlin", playing Norman in the 2010 film "Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang", and taking the title role in Martin Scorsese's 2011 fantasy "Hugo". Butterfield most recently portrayed Ender Wiggin in the film adaptation of the science fiction novel "Ender's Game" by Orson Scott Card.
Life and career.
Asa Butterfield was born in Islington, London, and is the son of Jacqueline Farr and Sam Butterfield.
Butterfield first started acting at the age of 7 on Friday afternoons after school at the Young Actors' Theatre, in his hometown. Later, he secured minor roles in the 2006 television drama "After Thomas" and the 2007 film "Son of Rambow". In 2008 he also had a guest role playing Donny in "Ashes to Ashes".
In that same year, aged 10, he played the lead role in "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas". Director Mark Herman said that they came across Butterfield early on in the audition process. He was on the first audition tape he received and he was the third hopeful he met in person. Herman thought Butterfield's performance was outstanding, but only decided to cast him after auditioning hundreds of other boys, "so no stone was left unturned".
Producer David Heyman and director Mark Herman were looking for someone who was able to portray the main character's innocence, so they asked each of the children what they knew about the Holocaust. Butterfield's knowledge was slim and it was purposely kept that way throughout filming so it would be easier for him to convey his character's innocence. The final scenes of the film were shot at the end of the production period to prepare both him and Jack Scanlon for the dramatic ending of the film. He beat hundreds of boys to the role and also successfully passed the auditions for a role in "Mr. Nobody" for which he auditioned at the same time. He chose not to pursue the latter role.
In 2008, Butterfield appeared in the "Merlin" episode "The Beginning of the End"; he played a young druid boy sentenced to death by Uther Pendragon because he feels threatened by the boy's magic. Despite the Great Dragon's advice and the warning that Arthur cannot survive if the boy does, Merlin and Arthur, with the help of Morgana, help the boy escape to rejoin the Druids. When they are about to disappear into the forest, Arthur asks him for his name, which he says is Mordred, an important character from the Arthurian legends who is supposed to kill King Arthur. Butterfield appeared as Mordred in a number of subsequent episodes; however the role has now been recast, with Alexander Vlahos playing Mordred as an adult character.
In 2010, he had a small part in "The Wolfman". He starred as Norman Green at the age of 12 in "Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang" (2010), working together with Emma Thompson. The film, and his performance, both received positive reviews. At the age of 13 he played the main and title character in Martin Scorsese's "Hugo", adapted from the novel The Invention of Hugo Cabret. Hugo was filmed from June 2010 to January 2011, it was released on 23 November 2011, and achieved critical and box-office success. Butterfield played the title role of Andrew "Ender" Wiggin in the film adaptation of the Orson Scott Card novel Ender's Game, which completed filming in the first half of 2012, and was released in 2013.
Later in 2013, Butterfield was reported to be in talks for a role in King of Kastle alongside Clive Owen and in May, he was cast in The White Circus with his fellow cast member from Hugo, Chloe Grace Moretz. In early 2014, Butterfield was cast in a film adaptation of Ten Thousand Saints alongside Hailee Steinfeld and Ethan Hawke as Hawke's son who's addicted to drugs. Shooting began on 27 January 2014 and the film is set to be released in 2015.
Other work.
Butterfield enjoys making and producing music, and released a mashup of the songs “Teenage Dirtbag” by Wheatus and “Making Plans For Nigel” by XTC in 2004.
In late 2012, Butterfield co-designed a turn-based video game for iPad with his father and brother called Racing Blind. The game was released to the App Store on 7 April 2013.
Awards.
Butterfield was nominated in the category "Most Promising Newcomer" of the 2008 British Independent Film Awards, but he lost the award to Dev Patel from "Slumdog Millionaire". He was also nominated for the NSPCC Award (Young British Performer of the Year) in the London Critics Circle Film Awards, which was ultimately won by Thomas Turgoose for his roles in "Eden Lake" and "Somers Town". MTV Networks' NextMovie.com named him one of the 'Breakout Stars to Watch for in 2011'.
He was nominated for "Best Young Actor/Actress" for the CCMAS, but the award went to Thomas Horn.

</doc>
<doc id="19702433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702433" title="Chris Roberson">
Chris Roberson

Chris Roberson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19702558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702558" title="2000 Seattle Storm season">
2000 Seattle Storm season

The 2000 WNBA season was the 1st season for the Seattle Storm. 
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points; AVG = Average"

</doc>
<doc id="19702561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702561" title="Brain Trust (disambiguation)">
Brain Trust (disambiguation)

The term brains trust (originally plural, the s is now usually dropped in the United States) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19702651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702651" title="2004 Seattle Storm season">
2004 Seattle Storm season

The 2004 WNBA season was the 5th season for the Seattle Storm. They captured their first title in franchise history, bringing a title back to Seattle for the first time since 1979 when the Seattle SuperSonics, the Storm's former sister team, brought a title to Seattle by beating the Washington Bullets.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points; AVG = Average"

</doc>
<doc id="19702661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702661" title="Fairy Tales (film)">
Fairy Tales (film)

Fairy Tales is a 1979 sex comedy directed by Harry Hurwitz, the plot of which revolves around the stereotypical Fairy Tale.
Synopsis.
On his twenty-first birthday, the Prince of the land goes searching for the one woman that can get his libido moving again.

</doc>
<doc id="19702696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702696" title="Bunloit">
Bunloit

Bunloit (Scottish Gaelic: Bun Leothaid) is a village on the north western shore of Loch Ness in Inverness-shire, in the Scottish Highlands and is part of the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19702767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702767" title="Quebec WCT">
Quebec WCT

The Quebec WCT was a men's tennis tournament played in Quebec, Canada from 1971–1973 as part of the WCT Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19702819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702819" title="Horned lantern fish">
Horned lantern fish

The horned lantern fish or prickly seadevil, "Centrophryne spinulosa", is a deep-sea anglerfish found worldwide. It is the sole species in the family Centrophrynidae, distinguished from other deep-sea anglerfishes by various characters including four pectoral radials, an anterior spine on the subopercular bone, and a short hyoid (chin) barbel in both sexes.
Distribution.
The horned lantern fish occurs in the Pacific Ocean from Baja California south to the Marquesas Islands and the Gulf of California. Specimens have also been captured in other locations, including New Guinea, the South China Sea, Venezuela, and the Mozambique Channel, suggesting a wide oceanic distribution in tropical and subtropical waters. Specimens were caught at depths from 650 to over 2000 m (2130–6560 ft), while larvae have been recovered close to the surface to a depth of .
Description.
The female horned lantern fish measures up to in length and is long and slender, with a large head and jaws of equal length. The jaws are filled with slender, recurved, depressible teeth of mixed large and small sizes. There is a large oval pit in front of each eye in specimens larger than 42 mm. The eye itself lies beneath the skin and appears through a translucent patch. The fish is reddish brown to black in color; its skin is covered with numerous close-set spines. The illicium ("fishing rod") and esca (lure) are attached to the snout. The esca has a fan-shaped appendage in front and another short appendage on the back; the tip is white with scattered large melanophores. There is a small hyoid barbel, although it is vestigial in adult females.
The males are much smaller and dark brown in color, measuring up to long and lacking the illicium and esca. The known specimens are all immature, though already with large olfactory organs and well-developed denticular plates on the tip of the snout bearing 3-4 curved teeth each. Their hyoid barbel distinguishes them from the males of all other deep-sea anglerfish. The two known larvae measure 4.2 mm and 7.5 mm long and have short, stout bodies with moderately inflated skin.
Biology.
Unlike other deep-sea anglerfish, female horned lantern fish have only a single ovary lined with villi-like epithelial projections rather than epithelial folds. All known female specimens have had immature oocytes, suggesting that sexually mature individuals have yet to be captured. It is unknown whether the males of the horned lantern fish are parasitic. A female horned lantern fish has been found with a parasitic male "Melanocetus johnsonii" attached, though the coupling was likely in error (possibly occurring while the two fish were in the net) and there was no fusion of tissues.
The function of the hyoid barbel in the horned lantern fish is unknown. The only other deep-sea anglerfishes that have a hyoid barbel are the linophrynids, where it occurs only in the females and is often elaborate and/or bioluminescent.

</doc>
<doc id="19702910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702910" title="Bunarkaig">
Bunarkaig

Bunarkaig (Scottish Gaelic: Bun Airceig) is a village on the north west shore of Loch Lochy in Lochaber, Inverness-shire, Highland and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland. Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19702931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702931" title="Expansion of Major League Soccer">
Expansion of Major League Soccer

Major League Soccer has expanded several times since the league began play in 1996. Major League Soccer is the top level of professional soccer in the United States and Canada. MLS was established in 1993 with 10 teams that began play in 1996. Since 1998, MLS has expanded several times into new markets across the United States, and since 2006, into Canada.
MLS is currently at 19 teams, and the league announced in 2013 that the 20th and 21st teams, New York City FC and Orlando City SC, will begin play in 2015. In July 2013, Commissioner Don Garber announced that the league planned to reach a total of 24 teams by 2020. In December 2013, Garber named Atlanta and Miami as targets for further expansion, and in February 2014, former player David Beckham was announced as the head of an investment group for a Miami franchise that would begin play in 2016 or 2017.
Major League Soccer considers several criteria when determining where to award expansion franchises: (1) owners that are committed to MLS and have the financial wherewithal to invest in a team, (2) a stadium or approved plans for a stadium (preferably a soccer-specific stadium) that allows the team to control revenue streams such as parking and concessions, (3) the size of the market of the metropolitan area, and (4) an established local fan base.
MLS has an Expansion Committee whose duties include reviewing applications from expansion contenders. Expansion committee members include MLS President Mark Abbott and former Real Salt Lake co-owner Dave Checketts.
History.
Foundation (1993–1996).
Major League Soccer was established in 1993, as part of an agreement with FIFA that the United States set up a professional first division to gain the right to host the 1994 FIFA World Cup. No successful professional outdoor soccer league existed since the North American Soccer League folded in 1985. Due to rapid over-expansion and poor franchise placement, the NASL collapse led future MLS leaders to be extremely cautious of establishing new franchises.
Initially twelve new teams were to be placed in carefully selected cities where a strong soccer market was thought to exist. This was scaled back to ten after potential backers could not be found. Eventually 22 communities submitted formal bids to host an inaugural MLS franchise.
The initial ten teams created were the Columbus Crew, D.C. United, the New England Revolution, the NY/NJ MetroStars, the Tampa Bay Mutiny, the Colorado Rapids, the Dallas Burn, the Kansas City Wiz, the Los Angeles Galaxy and the San Jose Clash. While New York and Los Angeles were awarded franchises, the next four largest American cities—Chicago, Houston, Philadelphia, and Detroit were all without a team. Using American football stadiums, the new league kicked off in April 1996.
First expansion: Chicago (1998) and Miami (1998).
In 1998, the league expanded for the first time, rising from ten teams to twelve. The new teams were the Chicago Fire and Miami Fusion. Miami owner Ken Horowitz paid a $20 million expansion fee for the right to join MLS.
Contraction from Florida (2002).
Major League Soccer had reportedly lost an estimated $250 million during its first five years.
The league's poor financial condition forced MLS to stop the bleeding. During the winter break between the 2000 and 2001 seasons, reports began circulating that MLS was considering trimming the league from 12 teams back to 10 teams.
MLS announced in January 2002 that it had decided to contract the two Florida franchises, the Tampa Bay Mutiny and Miami Fusion. Both teams were withdrawn from the league and folded. The league had chosen to fold the Miami Fusion, in part because the Fusion's ownership reportedly lacked financial resources, had been trying to run the Fusion on a bare-minimum budget, and had asked the League to pay some of the club's expenses. Miami ownership had reportedly experienced $15 million in operating losses since Miami joined the league. The League chose to fold the Tampa Bay Mutiny, in part because the team was operated by the League instead of by an individual owner, meaning that the League had to absorb 100% of the team's operating losses.
This contraction left the league with 10 teams, the same number as when MLS began.
Expansion resumes: Chivas (2005) and Salt Lake (2005).
The surprise performance of the US national team at the 2002 World Cup, where they reached the quarterfinal, sparked a recovery in the league’s fortunes, and attendances once again began to rise. MLS began looking to expand once more with a number of cities interested in hosting new teams. The demand for an expansion team grew.
In 2004, Los Angeles became the first city to host two MLS teams when Chivas USA was founded. They were linked to the Mexican powerhouse Club Deportivo Guadalajara and hoped to build a following amongst the Hispanic community. They share StubHub Center with the LA Galaxy, thus creating MLS's first local derby game.
Real Salt Lake were created in 2004, owned by Dave Checketts. They initially played out of Rice-Eccles Stadium at the University of Utah before moving to the Rio Tinto Stadium in October 2008.
Relocation: Houston (2006).
In 2005, the San Jose Earthquakes were put on hiatus because of a failure to secure a soccer-specific stadium. The players and the coach were moved to an expansion team in Houston, Texas where they became the Houston Dynamo playing out of Robertson Stadium. The number of teams in the league did not change.
Toronto (2007).
In 2005, the league announced the creation of a Canadian franchise to be based in Toronto. This was confirmed on May 11, 2006 when the new team name Toronto FC and logo were announced. The club played their first season in MLS in 2007, finishing at the bottom of the table. The introduction of the MLS into Canada took MLS into a separate country for the first time, mirroring the set-up in MLB, the NHL, and the NBA, which involve teams from both nations.
San Jose (2008).
After a two-year hiatus, the San Jose Earthquakes were reactivated in 2007 and resumed play in the MLS in 2008.
Seattle (2009).
Seattle was awarded a franchise in 2007, and following a vote by supporters, the team chose the name Seattle Sounders FC, after the Seattle Sounders that played in the North American Soccer League in the 1970s and '80s. The city did not have a Soccer-specific stadium or any plans to construct one, and instead, it shared Qwest Field (now known as CenturyLink Field) with the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League who, like the Sounders, are owned in part by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen. The stadium was built as a combined football/soccer stadium with an MLS team in mind, including soccer-specific features.
Philadelphia (2010).
On February 28, 2008, MLS announced that the sixteenth franchise would be awarded to Philadelphia. Philadelphia was appealing to MLS because Philadelphia was the largest metropolitan area in the U.S. without an MLS franchise, and it had a strong ownership group. There had been a strong campaign to bring a team to the city, with intense lobbying by supporters groups such as the Sons of Ben.
Philadelphia won the bid over a competing bid from St. Louis that was led by St. Louis investor Jeff Cooper. St. Louis had a stadium deal in Collinsville IL, but lacked sufficient financing.
On May 11, 2009 it was announced that the team name would be Philadelphia Union. The new team announced their intention to construct a 18,500 seat stadium in Chester, Pennsylvania, which ultimately became PPL Park.
Vancouver (2011) and Portland (2011).
One of three Canadian cities in the running for 2011 MLS expansion, Vancouver's bid was led by local businessman Greg Kerfoot, at that time owner of the Vancouver Whitecaps FC in USSF D2 Pro. NBA star Steve Nash was also involved as a minority stakeholder. The city's bid was boosted by the proposed construction of the Whitecaps Waterfront Stadium, with an initial capacity of 20,000 and the potential for further expansion. Don Garber called the bid presentation by Vancouver "one of the best I've ever seen."
On March 18, 2009, MLS commissioner Don Garber announced that Vancouver had been awarded one of the two 2011 expansion spots. Vancouver continued to field the second-tier Whitecaps until the MLS team made its debut in 2011. The MLS Whitecaps began the 2011 season at Empire Field, sharing it with the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League, before both teams moved into the renovated BC Place in October 2011.
On July 31, 2008, Merritt Paulson announced that he would apply for an MLS franchise for Portland as an MLS continuation of the Portland Timbers. Paulson further outlined his plan by launching a website. The MLS Timbers would play in a renovated PGE Park, which was renamed to Jeld-Wen Field by the time the team made its MLS debut in 2011, sharing with the Portland State University football team.
On March 20, 2009, commissioner Don Garber confirmed in a news conference that Portland would receive the 18th franchise.
Montreal (2012).
The city of Montreal has been a consideration by Major League Soccer for a club since the league's founding and planning stages in 1993. In the fall of 2008, the Joey Saputo group was on a short list for the next round of expansion. On May 7, 2010, Commissioner Don Garber announced that Saputo and the Impact group would join the league as its 19th club for the 2012 MLS season with Stade Saputo being renovated to increase the seating capacity to around 20,000.
New York City (2015).
In May 2010, league commissioner Don Garber announced the league's desire to place its 20th team in New York City On June 27, 2012, MLS announced plans to build a new soccer-specific stadium in Queens, New York, with a seating capacity of 25,000 and located near the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows.
On May 21, 2013, MLS announced New York City FC as the next expansion team. The team's expansion rights were purchased by the Premier League club Manchester City and the New York Yankees baseball team for $100 million, and it will begin play as early as 2015 depending on stadium availability.
Orlando (2015).
On October 25, 2010, Phil Rawlins and his investor group of Orlando City Soccer Club, announced their intentions of joining Major League Soccer within the next 3 to 5 years. Commissioner Garber and other MLS officials met with Orlando City team officials in February 2011 and again in November 2011 to discuss MLS expansion in Orlando.
In March 2012, Garber met with Orlando city and county officials, and said, “It’s not a matter of if, but when,” when addressing Orlando’s chances of joining MLS.
In April 2013, the City of Orlando purchased downtown land to be used towards the construction of a $110 million MLS soccer stadium. Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs and Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer reached an agreement on a deal to provide financial support for a variety of Orlando projects including the new MLS soccer stadium on August 8, 2013. The Orange County Board of Commissioners voted 5-2 on October 22, 2013 to approve the use of $20 million in tourist development tax funds to build an $84 million multi-purpose soccer stadium in downtown Orlando.
On November 19, 2013, Orlando was officially announced as the league's 21st team.
Miami (2017).
On February 5, 2014, the league announced that it was awarding a franchise in Miami to an investment group led by former player David Beckham, his business partner Simon Fuller and Miami-based businessman Marcelo Claure, assuming that stadium financing and location could be agreed upon. The team would begin play in 2017. Beckham had received an option to buy an expansion franchise for $25 million as part of the contract he signed with the league when he joined the Los Angeles Galaxy.
Future size of league.
In terms of MLS longer-term goals, Commissioner Don Garber noted during a press conference on February 14, 2011 that he saw 22 teams in MLS by 2020. On March 12, 2011 Garber said, “I believe we will be larger than 20 teams,” and “I can’t say when that will be."
However, league president Mark Abbott said in September 2011 that the league didn't see the need to grow beyond 20 teams, where it would be with the addition of New York City FC. While other markets could be considered, Abbott said, "We feel good about the size we're at".
League president Mark Abbott said in October 2012 that the league had "not made a determination about the timeline for expansion beyond teams" at the time.
In April 2013, in response to a question about future expansion plans, Garber posted on his Twitter account, “30 seems like too many.” And on July 31, 2013, in his interview during halftime of the 2013 MLS All-Star Game, Garber said the aim was to have 24 teams in the league by 2020.
Southeast expansion.
On March 12, 2011 MLS Commissioner Don Garber said, "I can’t imagine that when this league is fully expanded that we don’t have teams in the Southeast, that we don’t have another team in the Midwest, that we’re not even expanding to the southern part of California." In October 2012, Garber said MLS would continue to look at Minneapolis, Atlanta, and Miami as expansion contenders.
During his annual "state of the league" conference call on November 26, 2012, Garber announced that possibilities for expansion beyond New York include Atlanta, Orlando, Miami and Minneapolis.
In May 2013, following the announcement of New York City FC, Garber said that "There's still a lot of activity going on in a lot of different markets. There's activity in Miami, there's activity in Orlando, Atlanta and a handful of other places." In an interview for Bloomberg's Sportfolio on July 5, 2013, Garber confirmed that Miami, Atlanta, and Orlando were all candidates for the next round of MLS expansion, and added that MLS was also looking at Texas.
Orlando, Atlanta, and Miami were the three “spoken for” expansion sites that Garber referenced on September 11, 2013, according to reports. According to Garber, three of the four MLS expansion teams have been spoken for, to be added between 2015 and 2020, which will expand the league to 24 teams.
In December 2013, during the MLS State of the League address, Garber emphasized MLS's goal of continuing to expand in the southeast, and added, "if we can continue to advance our discussions positively with Arthur and the [Atlanta Falcons, we hope to be able to get a situation finalized so that could potentially be our second team. Orlando being the first, maybe Atlanta or Miami would be the second or the third.”
Along with Miami, Atlanta was considered a front runners for the 22nd or 23rd franchises in MLS.
Atlanta.
Dan Courtemanche, MLS's executive vice president, said in July 2010 that Atlanta "remains under consideration as a potential expansion market for the league", and the league had "regular discussions" with Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank about bringing an MLS team to Atlanta, the largest media market without an MLS franchise
On May 11, 2012, MLS Commissioner Don Garber cited Atlanta as one of three "intriguing" markets for future league expansion. On May 16, 2012, at the Falcons' annual meeting with season ticket holders, Blank presented his case for a new stadium, saying in part that it could help attract a Major League Soccer franchise and potentially host World Cup matches. In his State of the League address in November 2012, Garber said that if the Flacons could complete plans for a new stadium, MLS would "try to figure out how an MLS team could be part of their plans." He said that there was "no place to play" as of then, as the existing Georgia Dome was set to be replaced and there were no adequate college facilities that made sense. In March 2013, the city and the Falcons agreed to financing for the new stadium.
As of April 2013, there were no formal discussion between the league and the Falcons, but the two parties were in contact regularly, and Rich McKay, Falcons president and CEO, said that the team was "open to various options, including ownership of a team or someone else owning a team". Dan Courtemanche said, “We are big believers in the Atlanta market,” and cited the city's growing Hispanic population and corporations that could serve as sponsors. Also in April 2013, MLS officials said no discussions between the league and the existing Atlanta Silverbacks of the second-tier North American Soccer League were taking place, and Silverbacks chairman Brois Jerkunica said the team was not interested in a "promotion" to MLS.
In May 2013, the Georgia Department of Economic Development board approved $30 million in bonds to finance the land purchase. The stadium was set to open in 2017 and could be configured for professional soccer. "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution" reported in September 2013 that discussions between Blank and MLS "accelerated", following approval of the stadium plans.
In his State of the League address in December 2013, Garber said the league was "making progress" in discussions with the Atlanta Falcons and that the stadium situation was "finalized". Garber said, "We’ve been working on a downsizing technology we think will be unique and will be the only one of its kind anywhere in the world." Although by early 2014, New York, Orlando and Miami were approved ahead of Atlanta, Courtemanche said in January 2014 that the city “remains a great prospect for MLS expansion”, and in February 2014, Rich McKay said the Falcons and MLS were “far along in negotiations”.
Previously, in October 2008, Arthur Blank's AMB Group had submitted a bid in for an expansion franchise, but withdrew its bid in early 2009 due to its inability to get a stadium built.
Other potential expansion markets.
Commissioner Don Garber, in his 2013 State of the League Address, identified four additional cities — Minneapolis, Austin, San Antonio, and St. Louis — as under consideration for the final expansion candidate to join MLS before 2020. In February 2014, Garber again confirmed Minneapolis and San Antonio as candidates, and also mentioned San Diego and Sacramento as expansion candidates.
Minneapolis.
In 2011, MLS confirmed that it had made contact with the ownership group of the NFL’s Minnesota Vikings regarding their interest in an MLS franchise for the Twin Cities. Vikings owner Zygi Wilf expressed interest in owning an MLS team if he were able to build a new, retractable-roof stadium for the Vikings. On May 10, 2012, the Minnesota Legislature passed a bill for a new NFL stadium in Minneapolis, projected to open by fall 2016. The bill included a provision allowing for the Vikings to pursue an MLS franchise, and the team holds five-year exclusive rights to host MLS games in the new stadium.
In 2013, a group led by Minnesota United FC owner and former UnitedHealth Group C.E.O. Bill McGuire also announced his interest in building a soccer-specific stadium at the Minneapolis Farmers Market site in downtown. McGuire's stadium plan is supported by Minnesota Twins president Dave St. Peter and 2020 Partners, a consortium aimed at bringing development to the area around Target Field, Target Center and the farmers market.
San Antonio.
In late 2011, San Antonio announced its bid to be MLS's 20th team. The city's North American Soccer League franchise, San Antonio Scorpions, launched in 2012 and led the league in attendance in 2012 and 2013 seasons. The Scorpions play at Toyota Field, a soccer-specific stadium completed in spring 2013 with an initial capacity of 8,000, and an expansion capability of 18,000.
In Commissioner Garber's December 2013 State of the League address, San Antonio was one of five cities listed on a presentation map of potential expansion locations.
A previous San Antonio expansion bid ended in 2005, when negotiations between the league and then-mayor Ed Garza ended. Incoming mayor Phil Hardberger criticized the terms of the proposed deal, while Garber claimed that the criticisms were politically motivated and hurt efforts to sell season tickets and recruit local investors.
In January 2014, Garber met with Mayor Julian Castro and Scorpions owner Gordon Hartman concerning San Antonio's bid to receive an expansion franchise. Although MLS has expressed preference for downtown venues, Hartman said Garber loved Toyota Field, and thought its Northeast Side location could appeal to fans in San Marcos and Austin.
Sacramento.
Sacramento is the 20th largest television market in the United States, larger than areas with MLS franchises such as Columbus, Kansas City, and Salt Lake City.
In December 2011, a group led by former California Assembly Speaker Fabian Núñez is exploring the possibility of landing an MLS franchise for the Sacramento area, with the suburb of Elk Grove as a possible stadium site.
On December 3, 2012 Sacramento was granted a USL Pro team to begin play in the 2014 season. A group of investors, led by local business leader Warren Smith, ultimately plans to convert this Sacramento franchise to an MLS team. Warren previously helped bring the Sacramento River Cats, an MiLB franchise, to Sacramento. In November 2013, Warren Smith re-confirmed his goal of his Sacramento Republic FC USL Pro team landing in MLS in 2016.
On March 13, 2013, the Elk Grove city council voted unanimously to study potential stadium sites for a soccer-specific stadium in the city that could host either a MLS or NASL team.
St. Louis.
Jeff Cooper and his investment group St. Louis Soccer United twice attempted to bring an MLS expansion team to the St. Louis metropolitan area in 2008 and 2009, only to have both bids turned down in favor of other cities. Despite approved stadium plans to build the $600 million Collinsville Soccer Complex in suburban Collinsville, Illinois, MLS was not impressed with the bid's financial backing, and suggested Cooper expand his group of investors.
Cooper instead launched a second division men's club and a Women's Professional Soccer franchise. AC St. Louis played only one season in Division 2 averaging 2,750 fans at Anheuser-Busch Park during the 2010 season, before folding. AC St. Louis' sister-club Saint Louis Athletica folded midway through its second season in 2010.
Failed or stalled expansion efforts.
This section includes cities with bids that have failed or stalled, or cities where no MLS official has recently publicly said that MLS is considering the city as an expansion candidate.
Cleveland.
In 2004 MLS announced that Cleveland would be getting an expansion franchise for the 2005 season, as area businessman Bert Wolstein had signed a letter of intent to launch an MLS club in Cleveland. However, Wolstein ran into delays in trying to obtain public financing for a stadium, and died in 2004, thus ending any Cleveland expansion.
On November 30, 2006 the Wolstein Sports and Entertainment Group (the former owners of the Cleveland Force indoor soccer team) promoted the construction of a 20,000+ seat, retractible roof, soccer-specific stadium complex for a Cleveland-Akron area MLS club. "The Summit," as the project was to have been called, was to have been located on a site in Macedonia, Ohio along Route 8 between the Ohio Turnpike and Interstate 271. Eventually, a ballot-initiative to fund the stadium via an increase in "sin" taxes was put to the voters where it failed.
Detroit.
On November 16, 2009, a Canadian firm led by Andreas Apostolopoulos purchased the Pontiac Silverdome, and planned to convert the gridiron stadium into a 30,000-capacity outdoor soccer-specific facility.
On June 8, 2011, Triple Sports & Entertainment submitted an application to MLS toward acquiring an expansion franchise to play at the Silverdome.
On July 24, 2013, Triple Sports & Entertainment submitted a proposal to purchase a site in downtown Detroit and turn it into a residential and entertainment district anchored by a new MLS stadium, saying that the league was more interested in a downtown team than one that played in Pontiac.
Miami (2008–09).
A Miami expansion team led by Barcelona and Marcelo Claure, a Bolivian businessman based in the city, announced an expansion bid in October 2008, with plans to begin play in 2011. But in March 2009, the league and Barcelona announced that Miami was no longer a candidate due to local market conditions. Additionally, MLS expressed concerns about Miami's lack of fan interest in an MLS franchise, the fact that USL team Miami F.C. was not doing well, and the plan to use FIU Stadium relegating the team to a secondary tenant in a college football stadium with an artificial surface. However, Garber said that Miami would be an expansion target in the future. Claure later joined David Beckham's group of investors for the Miami expansion bid that was accepted by the league in 2014.
New York Cosmos.
In 2009, the rights to the name of the former NASL side New York Cosmos were purchased, with the new owners announcing their ultimate aim of an MLS expansion franchise. In May 2010, MLS announced the league's desire for a second franchise in New York, although MLS did not endorse the Cosmos. Difficulties in the new Cosmos led to a sale to new owners. The club began playing in the second-tier North American Soccer League in 2013.
MLS awarded the second New York franchise to New York City FC in May 2013. Afterwards, Cosmos chairman Seamus O'Brien acknowledged that the new club made it unlikely for his side to enter MLS for some years.
Ottawa.
In the fall of 2008, the City of Ottawa was presented with a proposal to revitalize Lansdowne Park and Frank Clair Stadium. In April 2009, the City of Ottawa was presented a report on the merits of the Lansdowne Park proposal. Lansdowne proponents said that a pro soccer team could play at a renovated Frank Clair Stadium alongside a potential Canadian Football League team. On April 22, 2009, the City of Ottawa Council chose the Lansdowne proposal as its choice for a new outdoor stadium. On June 20, 2011, Ottawa was awarded an NASL expansion franchise to begin play at Frank Clair Stadium in 2014.
Pittsburgh.
The Pittsburgh Riverhounds are a professional soccer team playing in USL Pro. In spring 2013, the team began play at Highmark Stadium, its new soccer-specific stadium near downtown Pittsburgh. The stadium seats 3,000 spectators, although it is expandable to 18,500 seats. The Riverhounds contemplate the possibility of promotion to Major League Soccer by 2023.
Other efforts.
In 2001, a group of investors attempted to bring an MLS franchise to Trenton, New Jersey. The centerpiece of their efforts was a proposed $31 million soccer-specific stadium to be built with access to the under-construction NJ Transit RiverLINE. However, the MetroStars (now New York Red Bulls) objected that a Trenton franchise would infringe the club's 75-mile competition-free zone guaranteed by the league.
During the fall of 2011, Dennis Porter and the Utility Services Director of the City of Henderson expressed interest in bringing a new MLS club to the Las Vegas area.
On February 10, 2012, Las Vegas National Sports Center and International Development Management announced that they had secured financing for a soccer stadium, but on November 28, 2012, the developer called the deal off, stating the deal was not financially viable. The land deal then became the subject of a court battle and a federal investigation.
In April 2012, MLS President Mark Abott and NASL Commissioner David Downs met with the NASL club Carolina RailHawks FC, but MLS spokesman Dan Courtemanche said that MLS was currently "not in discussions to bring a future expansion team to North Carolina.”

</doc>
<doc id="19702946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702946" title="Norashen, Azerbaijan">
Norashen, Azerbaijan

Norashen, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19702992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19702992" title="2001 Seattle Storm season">
2001 Seattle Storm season

The 2001 WNBA season was the 2nd season for the Seattle Storm. 
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="19703006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703006" title="Tinker (Windows)">
Tinker (Windows)

Tinker is a puzzle video game developed by Fuel Industries in which the player controls a robot through various mazes and obstacle courses. It was originally released on September 23, 2008 as part of Windows Ultimate Extras, and contained 60 levels including a 20-level tutorial. A free map editor (level builder) was also released, however it is not compatible with the Games for Windows – Live version of Tinker. It is only compatible with the Windows Ultimate Extras version. 
On December 15, 2009, an expanded Live-enabled version of the game was released on the Games for Windows – Live client. The game is available for Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7, including users who do not have access to Windows Vista Ultimate Extras in other Windows Vista editions, and contains 160 levels including the tutorial. This version also has 15 Achievements worth 200G, similar to many Xbox Live Arcade games. Like every Games for Windows - Live game, it requires the user to sign in using a Gamertag assigned to a Windows Live ID, however the Windows Vista Ultimate Extras version did not have this requirement. 
Gameplay.
Tinker is a spatial/environmental puzzle game. Players must guide a robot to an end point by moving objects, activating switches, and traversing obstacles. The playing field is a square board divided into a checkerboard pattern. The robot is given a limited number of moves it can make before it runs out of energy, so the player must guide it to the goal marker without expiring all their motions. Essentially any action the robot makes counts as a move, including taking a step, activating a switch, and turning around. Players must carefully plan their actions through a stage so as not to waste moves. Players can replenish the robot's energy by collecting batteries and thus extend the possible number of moves they are allowed to make. Players can earn an achievement star for a level by completing the course on or under par for time, energy, and cog collection, should any cogs exist on that level. 
Obstacles and objects present in levels include: 
Movable objects can only be pushed, not pulled, and two or more objects in a row cannot be pushed, even if they are all movable. Objects stacked on top of each other can be pushed if the bottom object is movable (e.g., a tower consisting of two dice blocks and a metal block can be moved only if one of the dice blocks is on the bottom). Attempting to push an immovable object or row of objects will result in a wasted move, though attempting to walk into an obstacle will not waste a move. 
The robot can be destroyed or rendered inoperable by being hit by a laser beam, falling from a height greater than two blocks, or running out of energy. If any of the hazards destroy the robot in the process of reaching the exit (e.g., the robot walks into a laser beam which crosses through the exit square), the hazard trumps the exit and the robot is destroyed; however, the level will be completed if the exit is reached with zero energy.
Achievement glitch (Live).
In the Live-enabled version of Tinker, it was not previously possible to earn an achievement star on Set 07 Level 19 due to the energy par value being -1. Because of this, the player could not unlock the "Perfection Achieved" achievement, thus only being able to obtain 175 achievement points out of 200. Fuel Industries game developer Nick Iannitti had mentioned in Tinker blog that a fix had been sent to GFWL on March 7, 2010. The fix was up for a few hours but was removed due to a bug in auto-update code that required an unnecessary reboot. The update was then officially released on April 10, 2010, making the "Perfection Achieved" achievement obtainable.

</doc>
<doc id="19703114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703114" title="Bruan">
Bruan

Bruan (Scottish Gaelic:) is a small crofting hamlet on the east coast of Scotland in Lybster, Caithness, Highland and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland. Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19703117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703117" title="Yangxin County, Hubei">
Yangxin County, Hubei

Yangxin County () is a county within the prefecture-level city of Huangshi in southeastern Hubei province, People's Republic of China. It occupies the southern half of the Huangshi City, bordering on Jiangxi in the south, and with Tongshan County in the west. The Yangtze River flows along the county's eastern border.
The southern part of the county, located in the foothills of the Mufu Mountains, is hilly.
According to the Fifth Population Census of China (2000), the county's population was 949,100, making for the population density of 341 people per square kilometer.
Besides the county's main urban area (Xingguo Town, usually referred to simply as Yangxin, as it is normally the case in Chinese counties), other large towns include Longgang (龙港) and Futu (浮屠).
The county is mostly rural, but more prosperous than its neighbor, Tongshan County.
Transportation.
The main transportation artery of the county is currently China National Highway 106, which, within this county, is also counted as China National Highway 316. However, it does not pass through the Yangxin county seat (Xingguo town); the town is served by Hubei provincial highway 316 (not to be confused with the national highway of the same number).
The Yangxin Railway Station is located on the Wuhan–Jiujiang Railway, which runs from Wuhan to Jiujiang, Jiangxi. A number of passenger trains running from the Wuchang (or sometimes Hankou) stations in Wuhan stop at the Yangxin Railway Station. The distance from the Yangxin station to Wuchang by rail is , the typical travel time by train being around 2 hours, usually with stops at the Huangshi station, Ezhou, and Huazhong.

</doc>
<doc id="19703155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703155" title="Race Pro">
Race Pro

Race Pro is a sim racing video game developed by SimBin (developers of the "GTR" PC racing series) and published by Atari exclusively for Xbox 360. The game is described as having "ultra realistic car models" with cars ranging in power from to . The game uses the new Lizard game engine whereas the PC SimBin games used the Gmotor engine. This marks the first console game completed and released by SimBin.
The game uses the ISI (RFactor) game engine under license. It features cars and drivers from the 2007, 2006 and the original 1987 FIA World Touring Car Championship seasons, as well as the European F3000, Formula BMW, Mini Challenge and Caterham cup. The game also has three GT categories, on top of this it has racing Radicals and road cars which are Audi R8, Koenigsegg CCX, Koenigsegg CCXR and Dodge Viper.
The drivers in the game are mostly real people, the most famous on the game being people like Tiff Needell, Tor Graves and of course all the Touring car drivers of the 2007 FIA WTCC championship.
Tracks.
Tracks available in the game are those that were used in the 2007 WTCC and only the configuration used that year is available to drive for each circuit. They can all be raced in offline and online and in wet and dry conditions with up to sixteen entrants.
Autódromo Internacional de Curitiba, Circuit de Pau, Macau's Guia Circuit and Porto Circuit had not been playable before on seventh-generation consoles though you could drive around Macau and sections of the Guia Circuit in Project Gotham Racing 4.
The other tracks are Circuit de Valencia, Brno Circuit, Brands Hatch, Motorsport Arena Oschersleben, Autodromo Nazionale Monza, Anderstorp Raceway, Circuit Park Zandvoort, Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, and Road America.
Reception.
"Race Pro" has received mixed ratings, with an average MetaCritic score of 72%. The main criticisms were the grainy textures and large amounts of tearing, sparsely constructed tracks, and lack of in-game music.The game has an issue whereby it can lose your saved career progress sometime when going on line. Wet weather is graphic only, grip levels do not change.

</doc>
<doc id="19703159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703159" title="Planet of the Drums">
Planet of the Drums

Founded during the summer of 2000, the Planet of the Drums is the alliance of four of America's most popular drum and bass DJ's: AK1200 (Dave Minner, Orlando, Florida), DJ Dara (Darragh Guilfoyle, Brooklyn, New York), Dieselboy (Damian Higgins, Brooklyn, New York), and MC Messinian (James Fiorella, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania). The alliance was created to move drum and bass out of siderooms and onto the main stages of electronic dance music events.
In fall 2009 the Planet of the Drums embarked on their Tenth Anniversary Tour. The Planet of the Drums is the longest-running annual national electronic dance music tour of any genre.
In 2010 The Planet of the Drums switched to performing one-offs, the first played at U Street Music Hall in Washington, DC in December 2010.
History.
As told to RINSE Magazine (now defunct) in 2007:
"We all ended up playing the same place at the same time in New Orleans on the Moonshine Over America tour in 1999," says Dara. 'Damian said we really ought to do a tour to promote dnb because we're supposedly the three biggest draws, to prove to promoters that dnb is a viable proposition.'
"Dieselboy explains, 'I had this epiphany. It would be cool if people could see three big dogs together, and it would be a sign of unity in the scene. 'The first tour with MC Dub2 was a success,' says Dieselboy. 'The second year we attempted to get MC Rage from England but he had a visa problem. Messinian came on because he'd MC'ed for me at Platinum in Philly.'
"Messinian (James Fiorella, Philadelphia), then part of the Substitution crew, describes the call from DSL, 'I always came to Platinum strapped with a mic, just in case. I got a call out of the blue that their MC couldn't make it. I said, 'Hells yeah, I'll pack my bags!'
"'We realized we could use our collective weight to lean on promoters to get our music on the main stage," Dieselboy admits. 'I felt like kids were getting ripped off paying full price and having to listen to dnb on the shittiest sound system while the other kids got to hear trance, techno and house on the big system. We've come a long way in elevating respect for dnb.'
"'At first we did individual sets and tag-teamed at the end,' says AK1200. 'It evolved into a multi-setup where we do spontaneous routines. Damian usually starts and Dara or I go on after him. Then we go three records, three records, three records, with the whole night ranging from two to five hours. Our main setup is two Technics 1200's and two Pioneer CDJ-1000's with an Allen & Heath mixer, a separate Pioneer mixer with another turntable and another CDJ-1000 hooked up to an auxiliary of the main mixer. Two people are on at all times and the other is standing by.'
"'Stylistically,' says Dara, 'We're complementary. Damian plays the hardest, myself I play the mellower tunes, and Dave is somewhere in between.'
"Messinian says, 'I try to take the energy of the club to that next level, get everybody on the same page, sparking that fire that makes it go fucking bananas. We're a strong unified force.'"
Planet of the Drums Intros.
In 2005? the Planet of the Drums began a tradition of creating dramatic science fiction-style audio introductions to kick off their shows.
[note: preacher friend of AK1200 recorded in DJ Icey's studio;
For the 2008 POTD intro, Dieselboy hired Julianne Moore, the disembodied female voice in the movie thriller "Eagle Eye", with sound design by SPKTRM and Dieselboy]
The POTD created their first video intro for their 2009 10th Anniversary Tour, script by Dieselboy and AK1200, sound design by Venezuelan producer Zardonic.
Dieselboy created the audio intro for the Planet of the Drums 2010 reunion at U Street Music Hall in Washington, DC on December 9, 2010. For the first time in a Planet of the Drums performance Dieselboy incorporated dubstep and drumstep into the mix. Opening for them in this Steez Promo production were Grime Syndicate, Cannon Boyz, and Headhunterz Inc..

</doc>
<doc id="19703198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703198" title="Helicarionoidea">
Helicarionoidea

Helicarionoidea is a superfamily of air-breathing land snails and semi-slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the limacoid clade.
Families.
There are three families within the superfamily Helicarionoidea:
Cladogram.
The following cladogram shows the phylogenic relationships of this family to other families within the limacoid clade:
Genera.
Genera of helicarionoids unassigned to families include:

</doc>
<doc id="19703217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703217" title="List of popular music acts that incorporate the accordion">
List of popular music acts that incorporate the accordion

This is a list of articles describing popular music acts that incorporate the accordion. The accordion appeared in popular music from the 1900s-1960s. This half century is often called the "Golden Age of the Accordion." Three players: Pietro Frosini, and the two brothers Count Guido Deiro and Pietro Deiro were major influences at this time.
Silvestre Dangond - Vallentos (Colombia)

</doc>
<doc id="19703218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703218" title="Potassium bifluoride">
Potassium bifluoride

Potassium bifluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula KHF2. This colourless salt consists of the potassium cation and the bifluoride (HF2−) anion. The salt is used in etchant for glass. Sodium bifluoride is related and is also of commercial use as an etchant as well as in cleaning products.
Nature of the chemical bond in the bifluoride anion.
Potassium bifluoride, as its name indicates, contains a bifluoride, or hydrogen(difluoride) anion: HF2−. This centrosymmetric triatomic anion features the strongest known hydrogen bond, with a F−H length of 114 pm, and a bond energy greater than 155 kJ mol−1.
Synthesis and reactions.
The salt was prepared by Edmond Frémy who decomposed it to generate, for the first time, hydrogen fluoride. Potassium bifluoride is prepared by treating potassium carbonate or potassium hydroxide with hydrofluoric acid:
The electrolysis of KHF2 was used by Henri Moissan to isolate the element fluorine in 1886.
A related material containing two equivalents of HF is also known, KH2F3 (CAS#12178-06-2, m.p. 71.7 C). The industrial production of fluorine entails the electrolysis of molten KH2F3.

</doc>
<doc id="19703279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703279" title="Christopher William Bunting">
Christopher William Bunting

Christopher William Bunting (September 1, 1837 – January 14, 1896) was an Irish-born politician, merchant, newspaper owner and newspaper publisher. 
Born in Amigan, Limerick, Ireland, he was the son of William Bunting and Jane Crowe and came to Canada West with his mother and sister in 1850 after the death of his father. Bunting worked as a compositor at the Globe, later becoming a foreman. He then worked for eleven years in the wholesale grocery business. In 1868, he married Mary Elizabeth Ellis. In 1877, in partnership with John Riordon, he became co-owner of the "Toronto Mail". The partners gained control of the "Toronto Empire" in 1895 and amalgamated the two papers to form the "Mail and Empire".
Bunting was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Liberal-Conservatives in the 1878 election to represent the riding of Welland. He was defeated in the 1882 election in the riding of Durham West under an unknown political affiliation.
Bunting died in Toronto of Bright's disease at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="19703289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703289" title="George Allen Gilreath">
George Allen Gilreath

George Allen Gilreath (September 26, 1834 – July 3, 1863) commanded the Confederate troops who had advanced the farthest during Pickett's Charge at the Battle of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania during the American Civil War. He was killed in action during the charge which became known as the high-water mark of the Confederacy.
Early years.
The birthplace of Captain George Allen Gilreath, known as Old Gilreath, stretched across the Brushy Mountains of Wilkes County, North Carolina. George was born September 26, 1834 to Noah Gilreath, Sr. (1800–1853) and Elizabeth Allen of Wilkes County. He grew up on a family plantation where his grandfather Alexander Gilreath, Esq. (1755–1853) had settled in 1776. His grandfather being a business man, owner of a Grist Mill, Blacksmith shop, and Post Office, he had been a Revolutionary War Veteran and was involved in early Wilkes County government.
George was educated in the mountain schools and learned management skills on the family plantation where about a dozen slaves were owned. Later George bought land in Hempsted Co., Arkansas. On July 30, 1857 he married Lurana Gilbert but when his wife and young child died, he came back to Wilkes County.
Civil War.
In 1861 at the outbreak of the Civil War, George's older brother Burrell C. died in Virginia by falling off a train. On March 1, 1862, at age 29, George volunteered at Wilkesboro, NC in Company B 55th NC Troops as a 2nd Lieutenant. He was promoted to 1st Lieutenant on May 19. On September 15, 1862 he was promoted to Captain after Captain Forester resigned as commander of the Wilkes County Company. His military record contains special requisitions for jackets, shoes, knapsacks and other items for his men. Little did he know, in less than a year his heroic effort as acting commander of the entire 55th regiment would go down not only in North Carolina history but the history of the entire American Civil War.
The afternoon of July 3, 1863 saw the Battle of Gettysburg reach its climax in the assault made on Union Troops clustered behind the stone wall on Cemetery Ridge. General Robert E. Lee would order Major General George Pickett to punch a hole in the center of the Federal Army, then attack the right and left flanks. The 55th was part of Davis' Brigade, Heth's Division. Fifteen regiments of Tar Heels, including the 55th NC were part of the 12,500 man force selected.
The 55th Regiment had all of its field and staff officers killed or wounded in the first two days of fighting at Gettysburg. The 55th was now under the command of senior Captain George A. Gilreath. On July 3 at 1:00 pm the artillery barrage from 140 Confederate cannons started. At 3:00 pm, the Confederates formed a battle line to march across a mile of open field.
Lt. Joseph Hoyle of company F recalled "we moved forward exposed to a hot fire of grape shot and shells. When we came within range of their small arms, their fire became so destructive to the extreme, only 40 men made it out." Another member of the 55th, Serg. Whitley later wrote: We charged across the field and crossed a road about from the federal works. Our line was cut down to a mere skirmish line. Our flag fallen a few yards back. I looked behind and saw our support in full retreat. The 55th brigade commander Brigadier General Joseph R. Davis said: "When we approached the stone wall, we were subjected to a most galling fire of musketry and artillery, that so reduced the already thinned ranks...in the assault upon the enemy's position, the coolness and courage of officers and men are worthy of high commendation" Although most of the Confederates failed to make it to the stone wall several members of the 55th made it to the wall and beyond.
Federal Captain S.C. Armstrong of the 125th NY wrote: " I could not but admire the pluck of the enemy especially when after the fight I saw many of them who had rushed ahead of their fellows; lying dead, a few paces from our breastworks, mostly North Carolinians, lean lank fellows in rusty old suits, but heroes." Federal General Alexander Hayes wrote: "The angel of death alone can produce such a field." On July 3, 1863, among the dead was 55th acting commander, Captain George Gilreath.
Legacy.
There are some alternative interpretations of the men which made it the farthest. Davis's Brigade also included the 2nd, 11th, and 42nd Mississippi regiments. The United States Official Survey and early historians with eyewitness accounts agree that those killed farthest to the front belonged to the 55th North Carolina Regiment.
The men of the 55th, according to the Gettysburg Commission, advanced the farthest during Pickett's Charge, also known as the high-water mark of the Confederacy. This event contributed to the North Carolina saying "First at Bethel, Farthest at Gettysburg and Chickamauga, and Last at Appomattox".
The Army of Northern Virginia retreated in the rain on July 4, leaving Gettysburg for Virginia. Captain Gilreath was believed to be left on the battlefield. A monument was placed at the family burying ground high in the Brushy Mountains of his native Wilkes County, North Carolina, alongside are monuments to three other brothers, two of whom were also killed in action.

</doc>
<doc id="19703327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703327" title="2002 Seattle Storm season">
2002 Seattle Storm season

The 2002 WNBA season was the third season for the Seattle Storm basketball team. They made to the playoffs for the first time, but losing to the Los Angeles Sparks in a sweep, who went on to win the WNBA Finals for the second year in a row. The Storm beat the Portland Fire by 1 game for the final spot, which the Fire would later cease operations.
Offseason.
WNBA Draft.
Sue Bird was among four of the top six draft picks, (along with Swin Cash (#2), Asjha Jones (#4) and Tamika (Williams) Raymond (#6) ) that were from the same team, the 2002 NCAA Champion University of Connecticut.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points; AVG = Average"

</doc>
<doc id="19703380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703380" title="Yangxin County">
Yangxin County

Yangxin County may refer to two counties of the People's Republic of China:

</doc>
<doc id="19703450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703450" title="William R. Stoeger">
William R. Stoeger

William R. Stoeger is an astronomer and theologian. He was born on October 5, 1943 in Torrance and is now a staff scientist for the Vatican Observatory.

</doc>
<doc id="19703484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703484" title="Graham Wilson (minister)">
Graham Wilson (minister)

Graham Wilson (b Wimbledon, London, 2 April 1958), son of George Wilson (1928-) and Betty Dorothy Wilson (1929-), is a UK-based leadership and organisation development specialist.
Education.
He attended Eggar's Grammar School, Alton, from 1970 to 1976, and then the University of Bristol, from which he graduated with a BSc (IIi) in Geology and Zoology in 1980 and a PhD in Behavioural Science in 1985.
In 1998, he was awarded a Diploma in counselling and psychotherapy from the University of Surrey, and then, in 2001 he was ordained by The New Seminary, Oxford, as an Interfaith Minister and spiritual counsellor.
Career.
Graham's initial career was with The Middlesex Hospital and Exxon, before he joined Coopers and Lybrand as a specialist in organisation development. His consultancy career continued until 2003, when he became self-employed, operating under his own name.
Today, he has a portfolio career as a leadership counsellor/mentor, a workplace chaplain, and wedding celebrant.
Leadership Counsellor/Mentor.
Working individually, with senior managers, usually meeting on a monthly basis for a prolonged period, Graham combines his understanding of business and organisations generally with his psychotherapy experience to help these leaders be even more effective.
While his “Conversations with Leaders” are entirely confidential, they focus on the interplay between the individual, their role and the organisation, exploring corporate strategy, the leader's tactics and the nature of their human relationships at work.
His clients speak glowingly of him, and he is thought to have been behind the emergence of a number of astute, high impact leaders in the City and elsewhere.
Workplace Chaplain.
In 2005, succeeding David Welbourn, and along with Susan van Beveren, Graham was appointed by QinetiQ plc as part-time Joint Coordinator of Chaplaincy Services and as a Chaplain to their Farnborough site. In these roles, they help the organisation and its people to develop emotionally, spiritually and ethically, encouraging people to find meaning in their work. They achieve this through dialogue with leaders, convening discussion groups, running personal development workshops, conducting research into work-based spirituality, and a number of other individual and group interventions. With their pioneering approach, Susan and Graham are increasingly recognised internationally as leading a major change in work-based chaplaincy.
Wedding Celebrant.
Since his ordination in 2001, Graham has become known for devising and conducting spiritually-based blessing ceremonies throughout Europe, for couples with a sense of the spiritual, who do not feel that they are embraced by mainstream religions. While his clients have included some 'celebrities' and 'society' couples under the glare of the media, most of his services are conducted in private with the couple and their friends and families. One couple were quoted as saying; ""What was extraordinary was that he , helped us to understand our own sense of the spiritual and express this to one another and to our families in ways that we hadn't dreamt of. And he did this without once telling us what he believed in or what we should believe in.""
Charity Activities.
Graham is a Trustee and volunteer with a number of charities.
An Amateur Swimming Association (ASA) swimming teacher, since he was 17, and Royal Life Saving Society (RLSS UK) trainer/assessor since he was 18, he currently teaches life-saving and water safety at the Dorking Life Saving Club and is Chair of the Surrey Branch of the Royal Life Saving Society. He holds the RLSS National Beach Lifeguard Qualification, RLSS National Pool Lifeguard Qualification, and their Distinction Award.
An Ambulance Service First Responder himself, he also Chairs the South Central Ambulance Service League of Friends - the only NHS Ambulance Trust league.
He is a Trustee of the All Hallows House Foundation, a charity based in EC3, whose charitable purpose is to improve the health and well-being of those who work and live in the City of London. The charity runs a complementary health clinic known as The Wren because of its location in the restored part of a church designed by Sir Christopher Wren on Idol Lane.
Graham acts as an editor and advisor to the World Council for Corporate Governance.
Author.
Whilst at University, Graham began to contribute articles on a broad range of topics mainly, though not exclusively, in the non-fiction arena. He has contributed to popular computing, photography, business, management and general science publications. His first book was published in 1991, jointly written with Prof Tony Bendell and Robert Millar. Since then he has written six other management titles, each of which has been translated widely and sold internationally. He has had three short stories published in relatively obscure literary magazines.
Books
Taguchi Methodology within Total Quality (with A Bendell and RMG Millar) - ISBN 1-85423-069-7
Problem Solving and Decision Making - ISBN 0-7494-1005-1
On Route to Perfection - ISBN 1-85907-003-5
Making Change Happen - ISBN 0-273-60259-4
Self Managed Team Working - ISBN 0-273-60714-6
Problem Solving - ISBN 0-7494-3032-X
Six Sigma and the Product Development Cycle - ISBN 0-7506-6218-2
Honours.
In 1995, Graham was made a Distinguished Fellow of The Institute of Directors, India, alongside Dr Genichi Taguchi, the renowned Japanese industrialist.
In 1993, the Winston Churchill Memorial Trust, London, made him a Winston Churchill Travelling Fellow. Through this he travelled to India, Japan and the USA, exploring self-directed working groups. This research was subsequently published by the Financial Times.

</doc>
<doc id="19703518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703518" title="Perkins' 14">
Perkins' 14

"Perkins' 14" is a 2009 horror film originated by Jeremy Donaldson, written by Lane Shadgett, and directed by Craig Singer. The film is produced by Jeremy Donaldson, Matthew Kuipers, and Christopher Milburn. The film was released theatrically nationwide January 9, 2009. The DVD which includes the 10 making-of webisodes from the Massify Ghosts in the Machine Competition was released on March 31, 2009.
Production.
The film was developed online at Massify.com. Writers uploaded story concepts and actors submitted audition videos. The winning idea was submitted by Jeremy Donaldson. Filmed on locations in Romania, and produced by After Dark Films, and Massify in association with FanLib, "Perkins' 14" was released on March 31, 2009.
Plot.
Ten years after officer Dwayne Hopper’s son disappeared, the last of 14 victims in a string of local unsolved disappearances, his suspicions are aroused by prison inmate Ronald Perkins (Richard Brake). Dwayne searches Perkins’ house and discovers a collection of torture videos featuring the missing victims from the past. In a fit of rage, Dwayne kills Perkins. But things get complicated when a wave of carnage sweeps the town, with reports of Dwayne’s own son amongst the marauding psychopaths.

</doc>
<doc id="19703542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703542" title="521st Air Mobility Operations Wing">
521st Air Mobility Operations Wing

The 521st Air Mobility Operations Wing (AMOW) is part of Air Mobility Command and is stationed at Ramstein Air Base, Germany. It coordinates logistical air movements into, out of, and through Europe.
Mission.
The 521st AMOW expedites warfighting and humanitarian efforts by the United States Air Force throughout Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. It provides all command and control, en route maintenance support and air transportation services for air mobility operations in its area of responsibility. It performs this through Aircraft Maintenance Units, Maintenance Operations Centers, Quality Assurance, Regional Training Center, fuel cell, Aerospace Ground Equipment, Forward Supply Location, and Maintenance Recovery Teams. It operates Air Terminal Operations Centers, providing passenger and fleet services, cargo processing, special handling, ramp services, and load planning.
Organization.
The 521st wing is composed of two groups. These groups are assigned twelve squadrons and fourteen other geographically separated units.
History.
World War II and Occupation of Germany.
The wing was originally constituted as the 555th Signal Aircraft Warning Battalion The unit served as an aircraft warning unit in defense of the continental United States from 1942 to 1943. The battalion moved to England in 1944 where it provided communications support until the day after the Normandy landings when it moved to support the invading forces in France. It moved frequently to support elements of Ninth Air Force, arriving in Belgium in September and Germany in March 1945. It continued it mission during the occupation of Germany from 1945. At the end of 1945, the battalion was converted to an Air Corps unit, redesignated the 501st Tactical Control Group and its component companies replaced by Aircraft Control and Warning Squadrons. It provided radar coverage and navigational aid to allied aircraft flying over the US Zone of Occupied Europe in 1946 and 1947. It was inactivated in 1947.
Cold War.
The unit was reactivated as the 501st Aircraft Control and Warning Group in 1949 to replace the 7402d Aircraft Control and Warning Group. Between 1949 and 1960, it provided tactical control systems, including aircraft control and warning facilities, passive detection devices and guidance units in central Europe. In 1952, it became a tactical control group again. In 1954, the group moved to Landstuhl Air Base. Starting in 1955, it and the 526th Tactical Control Group provided personnel for a provisional Tactical Control Wing, which it replaced as the 501st Tactical Control Wing in 1957 to provide radar and aircraft control for all of Twelfth Air Force. It operated the Tactical Control System to exercise operational control of offensive and defensive units in Europe. In 1960s, its mission, personnel, and equipment were combined with those of the 86th Fighter-Interceptor Wing, which was redesignated the 86th Air Division (Defense).
Lineage.
Components.
Groups
Squadrons
References.
Bibliography.
Further Reading

</doc>
<doc id="19703543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703543" title="Yokogawa Musashino Atlastars">
Yokogawa Musashino Atlastars

Yokogawa Musashino Atlastars is a Japanese rugby union team based in Musashino, Tokyo.
They won promotion to the Top League for one season in 2008–09 being relegated that same season.
Histor.
The team was founded as Yokogawa Denki in 1946.
Former players and coaches.
Fa'atonu Fili Signed on 2 year deal with option of 3rd

</doc>
<doc id="19703614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703614" title="Christopher Reed">
Christopher Reed

Christopher Reed (born 1972) was the Republican nominee in the 2008 Senate election in Iowa, losing to Senator Tom Harkin. Reed was unsuccessful in a bid for the Republican nomination for Congress in Iowa's 2nd District in 2010. 
Early life.
Reed was born and reared in the small rural town of Solon, Iowa, in the eastern part of the state. He graduated from Solon High School, where he participated in wrestling, and entered the United States Navy. He served for five years, stationed at Submarine Base New London in Connecticut and then the USS San Jacinto in Virginia.
He and his wife, Kim, currently reside in Marion, Iowa. They have four children. 
In 1998, Reed founded Iowa Answering Service, Inc., a 24-hour answering service. Since then it has accumulated over 200 clients. The company is based in Cedar Rapids.
2008 U.S. Senate campaign.
Reed narrowly won a three-way Republican primary on June 3, 2008, defeating George Eichhorn, a former member of the Iowa House of Representatives, and businessman Steve Rathje.
Having been nominated, Reed challenged four-term incumbent Democrat Tom Harkin. He ran on a self-described "solid conservative" platform, declaring that Harkin was supporting a misguided Democratic agenda. He also attacked Harkin for being out of touch with Iowans, citing that as chairman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Harkin had taken a "hands-off" approach to the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, better known as the "Farm Bill". Reed charged that Harkin should have been "elbow-deep" in the issue. The bill passed in both houses of Congress by an overwhelming majority twice, overriding President George W. Bush's veto.
Reed further accused his opponent of no longer truly representing Iowa, saying that he rarely visited his official residence in Cumming and spent far more time in Alexandria, Virginia and his vacation home in the Bahamas, for which Iowa Republicans have attacked Harkin throughout his tenure. 
Difficulties facing Reed's campaign included a relatively small amount of name recognition and fundraising compared to Harkin. As of September 29, 2008, Harkin led Reed in the polls by 14%. In addition Harkin was shown to be more popular among unaffiliated voters, women, and men.
Harkin easily defeated Reed in the general election on November 4, 2008, with 63% of the vote, as opposed to Reed's 37%.
Controversies.
On October 23, Reed and Senator Harkin met for a debate on Iowa Public Television. During the debate, Reed made personal attacks on Harkin, accusing him of being the "Tokyo Rose of Al-Qaeda and Middle East terrorism" and calling him "anti-American" and alleging that he provided "aid and comfort to the enemy" in a speech calling for the closure of the United States military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
After the debate, both Harkin and moderator David Yepsen chastised Reed for the attacks. Yepsen said that he had "never heard a candidate make that kind of serious charge about his opponent." Yepsen also wrote that immediately after the end of the broadcast Harkin had informed Reed that he had ended his political career by making the comments. Harkin later said that Reed's comments were "beyond the pale" and "ought not be part of political discourse...anywhere..." 
Reed also drew some criticism for writing a blog post in which he wrote that "Harkin wants marriage to be between any 2, 3 or multiple people of any and all sexes. Heck, as far as he is concerned, you could marry your horse if it makes you happy."
Political positions.
Reed supports cutting taxes as a way to stimulate the troubled economy. He is strongly against illegal immigration and supports a border fence and an end to giving residential benefits to illegal immigrants. He opposes rapid withdrawal from Iraq, claiming that withdrawal would embolden enemies to attack the United States. He is strongly anti-abortion. He wants to end American dependence on foreign oil by expanding drilling for oil in Alaska and Utah as well as introducing ethanol as an alternative fuel. He is also in favor of gun rights and has been endorsed by the Gun Owners of America group.

</doc>
<doc id="19703638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703638" title="Alanas Chošnau">
Alanas Chošnau

Alanas Ibrahimas Chošnau (born July 11, 1974 in Vilnius, Lithuanian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian singer and songwriter of Iraqi origin. He was a member of the former music group Naktinės personos. In 2003 and 2005, he won the Radiocentras Award as Male Performer of the Year. In 2008, Chošnau was the second most played solo artists of Lithuania.
Biography.
Chošnau was born to a Lithuanian mother and Iraqi father in Vilnius, Lithuania. The family lived in Baghdad, Iraq until Chošnau's mother died in 1983. He then returned to Lithuania and was raised by his grandparents. Thus he grew up speaking the Arabic language and learned the Lithuanian language only later. The family was separated by the wars. In 1992, he created the pop music group Naktinės personos along with Aras Vėberis. In 1997, while on a tour across Lithuania, Chošnau crashed his car and severely injured his neck paralyzing his legs. He spent several months in a hospital, but fully recovered and returned to music. Naktinės personos disbanded in 2001 and Chošnau continued his career as a solo artist.
In 2003, he released his debut solo album "Pusiau atmerktos akys", which sold more than 10,000 copies in three months and was certified gold, followed by "Mintimis su tavimi", which was also certified gold. The same year Chošnau was nominated for the Bravo Award as male Singer of the Year. With song "Light Up The World", he came second in the national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005. Along with Delfinai and SKAMP, Chošnau warmed up a free concert by The Black Eyed Peas in Vingis Park sponsored by mobile operator Tele2 on May 30, 2005. In the Eurovision selection for 2007 and 2008, he was a member of the jury.
Chošnau often participates in various reality shows. In 2002 he participated in reality show "Akvariumas-2", where celebrity contestants lived in a glass house built near the popular shopping mall Akropolis in Vilnius. Other reality shows included "Džiunglės" on TV3 (survival competition in Malaysian jungles) in 2004, "Šok su žvaigžde!" (Lithuanian installment of "Dancing with the Stars") in 2007, and "Žvaigždžių duetai" on LNK (singing competition of celebrity duos) in 2008. His song "Kur gimsta lašai", released in the third solo album, became the theme song of "Džiunglės". In 2008, Chošnau played himself in Lithuanian comedy film "5 dienų avantiūra".

</doc>
<doc id="19703721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703721" title="Fire Station No. 4 (Elmira, New York)">
Fire Station No. 4 (Elmira, New York)

Fire Station No. 4, also known as the Maxwell Place Fire Station, is located at 301 Maxwell Place, Elmira, New York. It was designed by local architects Pierce and Bickford. It was built in 1897, and is significant as an example of firehouse design around the start of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19703780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703780" title="Guyum">
Guyum

Guyum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19703787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703787" title="Guzdek">
Guzdek

Guzdek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kalisz and south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19703812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703812" title="Pickelville, Utah">
Pickelville, Utah

Pickelville was a small town located near the western shore of Bear Lake, northeast of Salt Lake City, in Rich County, Utah, United States. It is now part of Garden City.
The town of Pickelville was originally founded in 1879, about south of Garden City. Incorporated in 1935, the town was named for Charles C. Pickel, who is said to have been either an engineer who supervised the town's culinary water project, or a federal government official who helped secure funding for the project from the Public Works Administration. To further expand the water system, Pickelville merged with Garden City in 1979.
Since 1916, the Pickelville area has been home to the Ideal Beach Amusement Company. The Pickleville Playhouse, a community musical theater, has been in business since 1977, performing a melodrama and a Broadway-style show every summer.

</doc>
<doc id="19703857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703857" title="John Young (jurist)">
John Young (jurist)

Sir John McIntosh Young AC KCMG (17 December 1919 – 6 October 2008) was an Australian jurist. He was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Victoria 1974–91, the Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria 1974–95, and the Chief Scout of Australia 1989–96.
John Young was born in Melbourne to Scottish immigrant parents. He went to Geelong Grammar School, and then to Oxford. On the day after World War II broke out in September 1939 he joined the Horse Cavalry, then after officer training at Sandhurst he asked to be transferred to the Scots Guards. He was mentioned in despatches after heavy fighting in Germany. He was the officer in charge of Rudolf Hess’s guards when Hess tried to escape in 1941 at Camp Z in Surrey.
On return to Australia, he did a law degree at the University of Melbourne, and was admitted to the Victorian Bar in 1949. He was chairman of the Victorian Police Board, president of the Victorian Law Foundation, and president of the Victorian Bar. He became Chief Justice of Victoria in 1974, and was also appointed Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria that year. As Chief Justice, he was not afraid to speak out against the government of the day.
He had a long association with the Scouting movement, and he accepted the role of Chief Scout of Australia in 1989, when the newly appointed Governor-General Bill Hayden declined it on the grounds that the Scout Oath was incompatible with his atheism. In 1996–97 he was National President of Scouts Australia.
Sir John Young died on 6 October 2008, survived by two daughters and a son, and their families. He was given a state funeral at St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne on 16 October.
Honours.
In 1974 he was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG).
In 1989 he was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC) for his services to the law and the Crown.

</doc>
<doc id="19703884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703884" title="Christos Tsaganeas">
Christos Tsaganeas

Hristos Tsaganeas (Greek: Χρήστος Τσαγανέας; 1906 – July 2, 1976) was a Greek actor and a cinematographer.
Biography.
Tsaganeas was born in Brăila, Romania on July 2, 1906 and died on July 2, 1976. He starred in several movies, his most famous role being the college headmaster in "To xylo vgike ap' ton paradeiso". His first important role was in "The Germans are Coming" with Vassilis Logothetidis. Later he starred in "Anthropoi, Anthropoi" and "Pros ti to missos ke o allilosparagmos". He married his second wife Nitsa Tsaganea. After his death, he was buried in the First Cemetery where Vasilis Tsitsanis was later buried in the same spot.

</doc>
<doc id="19703887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703887" title="2000 Indiana Fever season">
2000 Indiana Fever season

The 2000 Indiana Fever season was their 1st season in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).

</doc>
<doc id="19703913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703913" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's discus throw F44">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's discus throw F44

The Men's Discus Throw F44 had its Final held on September 15 at 17:40.

</doc>
<doc id="19703999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19703999" title="USS Relief (YP-2)">
USS Relief (YP-2)

The third USS "Relief" (YP-2) was a lookout station tender that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1921.
"Relief" was a wooden private motorboat built during 1910 at Yarmouth, Maine. Ensign Walter G. Richardson purchased her for the U.S. Navy for World War I service on 13 June 1917 with funds furnished by the Bar Harbor War Relief Committee of Bar Harbor, Maine, for use as a tender to the lookout station at Crumple Island, Maine. In 1920 she was designated "YP-2".
"Relief" was sold on 4 June 1921 to Gus Potter of Yonkers, New York, remaining on mercantile registers until 1946 when she was transferred to exempt status as a yacht.

</doc>
<doc id="19704005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704005" title="SS Orcades (1921)">
SS Orcades (1921)

SS "Orcades" was built in Germany and launched as "Prinz Ludwig". Served on routes to Asia until laid up in Germany during the 1914-1918 War. As part of war reparations "Prinz Ludwig" came under control of the British Shipping Controller in 1919 and was used for troop repatriations to Australia.
"Prinz Ludwig" was purchased by the Orient Steam Navigation Company (Orient Line) in 1921, underwent refit and was renamed "Orcades". The vessel then served on the UK-Australia route until 1924.
Orcades is an ancient name for the Orkney Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19704020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704020" title="Laga, Lochaber">
Laga, Lochaber

Laga (Scottish Gaelic: Làga) is a hamlet on the north shore of Loch Sunart near Acharacle, in Lochaber, in the Highlands of Scotland and is in the council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19704038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704038" title="Overman Committee">
Overman Committee

The Overman Committee was a special subcommittee of the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary chaired by North Carolina Democrat Lee Slater Overman. Between September 1918 and June 1919, it investigated German and Bolshevik elements in the United States. It was an early forerunner of the better known House Un-American Activities Committee, and represented the first congressional committee investigation of communism. 
The Committee's final report was released in June 1919. It reported on German propaganda, Bolshevism, and other "un-American activities" in the United States and on likely effects of communism's implementation in the United States. It described German, but not communist, propaganda efforts. The Committee's report and hearings were instrumental in fostering anti-Bolshevik opinion.
Background.
World War I, in which the United States and its allies fought - among other Central Powers - the German Empire, raised concern about the German threat to the United States. The Espionage Act of 1917 and the Sedition Act of 1918 were passed in response.
In the Russian Revolution of 1917 the Bolshevik party, led by Vladimir Lenin, overthrew the Russian monarchy and instituted Marxism-Leninism. Many Americans were worried about the revolution's ideas infiltrating the United States, a phenomenon later named the Red Scare of 1919-20.
The Overman Committee was formally an ad-hoc subcommittee of the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, but had no formal name. It was chaired by Senator Lee Slater Overman and also included Senators Knute Nelson of Minnesota, Thomas Sterling of South Dakota, William H. King of Utah, and Josiah O. Wolcott of Delaware.
Initial investigation.
The Committee was authorized by Senate Resolution 307 on September 19, 1918 to investigate charges against the United States Brewers Association (USBA) and allied interests. Brewing institutions had been largely founded by German immigrants in the mid-19th century, who brought with them knowledge and techniques for brewing beer. The Committee interpreted this mission to mean a general probe into German propaganda and pro-German activities in the United States. Hearings were mandated after A. Mitchell Palmer, the federal government's Alien Property Custodian responsible for German-owned property in the U.S., testified in September 1918 that the USBA and the rest of the overwhelmingly German liquor industry harbored pro-German sentiments. He stated that "German brewers of America, in association with the United States Brewers' Association" had attempted "to buy a great newspaper" and "control the government of State and Nation", had generally been "unpatriotic", and had "pro-German sympathies". 
Hearings began September 27, 1918, shortly before the end of World War I. Nearly four dozen witnesses testified. Many were agents of the Bureau of Investigations (BOI), the predecessor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The agents, controversially and usually erroneously, implicated high-profile American citizens as pro-German, using the fallacy of guilt by association. For example, the Bureau chief labeled some people pro-German because they had insubstantial and non-ideological acquaintance with German agents. Others were accused because their names were discovered in the notebooks of suspected German agents, of whom they had never heard.
Many attacked the BOI's actions. The Committee heard testimony that it had not conducted basic background checks of the accused and had not read source material it presented to the Committee. Committee members criticized its testimony as "purely hearsay". 
Expansion of investigation.
On February 4, 1919, the Senate unanimously passed Senator Thomas J. Walsh's Senate Resolution 439, expanding the Committee's investigations to include "any efforts being made to propagate in this country the principles of any party exercising or claiming to exercise any authority in Russia" and "any effort to incite the overthrow of the Government of this country". This decision followed months of sensational daily press coverage of revolutionary events abroad and Bolshevik meetings and events in the United States, which increased anti-radical public opinion. Reports that some of these meetings were attended by Congressmen caused further outrage. One meeting in particular, held at the Poli Theater in Washington, DC, was widely controversial because of a speech given by Albert Rhys Williams, a popular Congregationalist minister, who allegedly said, "America sooner or later is going to accept the Soviet Government."
Archibald E. Stevenson, a New York attorney with ties to the Justice Department, likely a "volunteer spy", testified on January 22, 1919, during the German phase of the subcommittee's work. He said that anti-war and anti-draft activism during World War I, which he described as "pro-German" activity, had now transformed into propaganda "developing sympathy for the Bolshevik movement.". The United States' wartime enemy, though defeated, had exported an ideology that ruled Russia and threatened America anew. "The Bolsheviki movement is a branch of the revolutionary socialism of Germany. It had its origin in the philosophy of Marx and its leaders were Germans." He cited the propaganda efforts of John Reed and gave many examples from the foreign press. He told the Senators, "We have found money coming into this country from Russia." Stevenson has been described by historian Regin Schmidt as a "driving force" behind the growth of anti-Bolshevism in the United States. 
The final catalyst for the expansion of the investigation was the Seattle General Strike, which began the day before the Senate passed Resolution 439. This confluence of events led members of Congress to believe that the alleged German-Bolshevist link and Bolshevist threat to the United States were real.
Bolshevism hearings.
The Overman Committee's hearings on Bolshevism lasted from February 11 to March 10, 1919. More than two dozen witnesses were interviewed. About two-thirds were violently anti-Bolshevik and advocated for military intervention in Russia. Some were refugees of the Russian Diaspora—many former government officials—who left Russia because of Bolshevism. The overriding theme was the social chaos the Revolution had brought, but three sub-themes were also frequent: anti-Americanism among American intelligentsia, the relationship between Jews and Communist Russia, and the "nationalization" of women after the Soviet revolution.
Stevenson produced a list of 200—later reduced to 62—alleged communist professors in the United States. Like lists of names provided during the German propaganda hearings, this list provoked an outcry. Stevenson declared universities to be breeding grounds of sedition, and that institutions of higher learning were "festering masses of pure atheism" and "the grossest kind of materialism". Ambassador to Russia David R. Francis stated that the Bolsheviks were killing everybody "who wears a white collar or who is educated and who is not a Bolshevik."
Another recurring theme at the hearings was the relationship between Jews and communists in Russia. One Methodist preacher stated that nineteen out of twenty communists were Jews; others said the Red Army was composed mainly of former East Side New York Jews. However, after criticism from Jewish organizations, Senator Overman clarified that the Committee was discussing "apostate" Jews only, defined by witness George Simons as "one who has given up the faith of his fathers or forefathers."
A third frequent theme was the "free love" and "nationalization" of women allegedly occurring in Soviet Russia. Witnesses described an orgy in which there was no "respect for virtuous women"; others who testified, including those who had been in Russia during the Revolution, denied this. After one witness read a Soviet decree saying that Russian women had the "right to choose from among men", Senator Sterling threw up his hands and declared that this was a negation of "free love". However, another decree was produced stating, "A girl having reached her eighteenth year is to be announced as the property of the state."
The Senators were particularly interested in how Bolshevism had united many disparate elements on the left, including anarchists and socialists of many types, "providing a common platform for all these radical groups to stand on." Senator Knute Nelson of Minnesota responded: "Then they have really rendered a service to the various classes of progressives and reformers that we have here in this country." Other witnesses described the horrors of the revolution in Russia and speculated on the consequences of a comparable revolution in the United States: the imposition of atheism, the seizure of newspapers, assaults on banks and the abolition of the insurance industry. The Senators heard various views of women in Russia, including claims that women were made the property of the state.
Final report.
The Committee's final report detailed its investigations into German propaganda, Bolshevism, and other "un-American activities" in the United States and predicted effects of communism's implementation in the United States. It was endorsed unanimously. Released in June 1919, it was over 35,000 words long, and was compiled by Major Edwin Lowry Humes.
The Committee did little to demonstrate the extent of communist activity in the United States. In its analysis of what would happen if capitalism were overthrown and replaced by communism, it warned of widespread misery and hunger, the confiscation of and nationalization of all property, and the beginning of "a program of terror, fear, extermination, and destruction." Anti-Bolshevik public sentiment surged after release of the report and ensuing publicity.
German investigation.
Johann Heinrich von Bernstorff, Karl Boy-Ed, Franz von Papen, Dr. Heinrich Albert, and Franz von Rintelen, among others, were Germans investigated for producing propaganda. All were previously evicted from the United States for being part of a German espionage ring. The United States Brewers Association, the National German-American Alliance, and the Hamburg-American steamship line were investigated. The final report concluded that these organizations, through financial support, bribes, boycotts, and coercion, sought to control the press, elections, and public opinion.
Bolshevism investigation.
The report described the Communist system in Russia as "a reign of terror unparalleled in the history of modern civilization". It concluded that instituting Marxism-Leninism in the United States would result in "the destruction of life and property", the deprivation "of the right to participate in affairs of government", and the "further suppress" of a "substantial rural portion of the population." Furthermore, there would be an "opening of the doors of all prisons and penitentiaries". It would result in the "seizure and confiscation of the 22,896 newspapers and periodicals in the United States" and "complete control of all banking institutions and their assets". "One of the most appalling and far reaching consequences ... would be found in the confiscation and liquidation of ... life insurance companies." The report also criticized "the atheism that permeates the whole Russian dictatorship"; "they have denounced our religion and our God as 'lies'."
Despite the report's rhetoric and the headlines it produced, the report contained little evidence of communist propaganda in the United States or its effect on American labor.
Recommendations.
The report's main recommendations included deporting alien radicals and enacting peacetime sedition laws. Other recommendations included strict regulation of the manufacture, distribution, and possession of high explosives; control and regulation of foreign language publications, and the creation of patriotic propaganda.
Press reaction.
The press reveled in the investigation and the final report, referring to the Russians as "assassins and madmen," "human scum," "crime mad," and "beasts." The occasional testimony by some who viewed the Russian Revolution favorably lacked the punch of its critics. One extended headline in February read:
And one day later:
On the release of the final report, newspapers printed sensational articles with headlines in capital letters: "Red Peril Here", "Plan Bloody Revolution", and "Want Washington Government Overturned."
Criticism.
Critics denounced the Committee as a "propaganda apparatus" to stoke anti-German and anti-Soviet fears, feeding the Red Scare and spreading misinformation about Soviet Russia.
The Committee attracted criticism from the public for its perceived overreach, and especially for publishing the names of those accused of association with communist organizations. One woman from Kentucky wrote to Senator Overman on behalf of her sister, who had been accused by Archibald Stevenson, criticizing the Committee for its "brutal as well as stupid misuse of power" and "gross and cruel injustice to men and women the full peer in intellect, character and patriotism of any member of the United States Senate". The Committee was compared to "a witch hunt" in one exchange with a witness.
Aftermath.
The Overman Committee did not achieve any lasting reforms. However, the panel's sensationalism played a decisive role in increasing America's fears during the Red Scare of 1919-20. Its investigations served as a blueprint for the Department of Justice's anti-radical Palmer raids late in the year. These were led by Attorney General Palmer, whose testimony about German brewers had been the catalyst for the Committee's creation.
On May 1, 1919, a month after the Committee's hearings ended, a bomb was mailed to Overman's home, one of a series of letter bombs sent to prominent Americans in the 1919 United States anarchist bombings. It was intercepted before it reached its target.
Later investigative committees.
The Overman Committee was the first of many Congressional committees to investigate communism. In the aftermath of the Overman Committee's report, the New York State Legislature established the Lusk Committee, which operated from June 1919 to January 1920, Archibald E. Stevenson was its chief counsel and one of its witnesses. Unlike the Overman Committee, the Lusk Committee was active in raiding suspect organizations. 
The Overman Committee was an early forerunner of the better known House Un-American Activities Committee, which was created 20 years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19704075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704075" title="The Healers (album)">
The Healers (album)

The Healers is the thirteenth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. It was released in 1987 and features duo performances by Murray and Randy Weston.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "This set of duets by David Murray (doubling on tenor and bass clarinet) and pianist Randy Weston is a bit of a surprise. Rather than performing standards or some of Weston's "hits," the duo stretches out on three obscurities by the two musicians (only Weston's "Blue Moses" is slightly known) and Butch Morris' "Clever Beggar." Weston provides a solid harmonic and rhythmic foundation for Murray's thick-toned but sometimes screeching flights, and the combination works pretty well.".

</doc>
<doc id="19704087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704087" title="Ferdinand (disambiguation)">
Ferdinand (disambiguation)

Ferdinand is a Germanic given name which can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19704114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704114" title="William Dormer">
William Dormer

Sir William Dormer (before 1514 – 17 May 1575) was a Tudor knight, captain and politician. He is best known for a broken engagement to Jane Seymour, who later became the third wife of Henry VIII.
Biography.
William Dormer was born before 1514, the only child of Sir Robert Dormer (died 2 or 8 July 1552) of West Wycombe and Wing, Buckinghamshire, and London, and his wife Jane Newdigate (d.1568), daughter of John Newdigate (died 15 August 1528) of Harefield, Middlesex, by Amphyllis Neville (d. 15 July 1544). He was the grandson of William Dormer, esquire, and his first wife, Jane Launcelyn, the daughter and coheiress of Sir John Launcelyn, and the great-grandson of Geoffrey Dormer, Merchant of the Staple at Calais (d. 9 March 1503).
From 1535 until 1559 the Dormer main residence was Eythrope in Buckinghamshire. A William Dormer was in the service of Thomas Cromwell, and considered for transfer to royal service in 1538. If the subject of this biography was that William Dormer then his marriage to Mary, daughter of Sir William Sidney may have been assisted by Cromwell.
Dormer was returned as the second member for Chipping Wycombe in the parliament of 1542, and served under his father's command in the war against France in 1544. He may well have been the "young Dormer" who for two years was captain of 100 men at a muster in Buckinghamshire. Two years later (in 1546) he accompanied his father to a reception at court for the French ambassador.
In 1553 he was returned as a knight of the shire for Buckinghamshire in the second parliament of Edward VI. It is not known what his position was in the succession crisis in 1553 when John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland, attempted to place Lady Jane Grey on the throne, but in May of 1554 Queen Mary confirmed him in his post as falconer in recognition of his support for her against Northumberland. He may have been made Sheriff for Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire due to his daughter, Jane Dormer's, friendship with Queen Mary, and his daughter's connection to the Queen may also have influenced his return to Mary's fifth parliament as knight of the shire for Buckinghamshire in 1558.
After the death of Queen Mary, Dormer's mother, Jane (née Newdigate), and Dormer's daughter, Jane, left England for the continent. Dormer, too, disliked Queen Elizabeth's Anglican compromise; however his Catholic family connections did not harm his political standing, either in national politics (in 1571 he again sat as a member of Parliament for Buckinghamshire in Elizabeth's third parliament), or in local affairs.
Dormer died at the age of 72, and was buried in the family vault in the church of Wing. His second wife, Dorothy, had a monument built for him in the church, and founded an almshouse in the village of Wing in his memory.
Marriages and issue.
Dormer married firstly Mary, eldest daughter of Sir William Sidney and Anne Pakenham. They had two sons, Thomas Dormer and Robert Dormer, said to have died as infants, and two daughters, Anne Dormer, who married Sir Walter Hungerford, and Jane Dormer, a lady in waiting to Queen Mary who married the Duke of Feria, Spanish ambassador to the Court of Saint James.
After the death of his first wife Dormer married, about 1550, Dorothy Catesby (d.1613), the daughter of Anthony Catesby (d.1554) of Whiston, Northamptonshire by his wife Isabel. Dorothy Catesby was twenty years Dormer's junior. They had one son, Robert Dormer, 1st Baron Dormer, who married Elizabeth Browne, the daughter of Anthony Browne, 1st Viscount Montagu, and six daughters: Mary, who married Anthony Browne, the twin brother of Mary Browne, mother of Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton; Grissel; Katherine, who married John St John, 2nd Baron St John of Bletso (d.1596); Frances; Amphyllis; and Margaret (d.1637), who married Sir Henry Constable (d.1607). After Sir William Dormer's death his widow, Dorothy, married Sir William Pelham.

</doc>
<doc id="19704141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704141" title="Yeclano Deportivo">
Yeclano Deportivo

Yeclano Deportivo is a Spanish football team based in Yecla, in the autonomous community of Murcia. Founded in 2004 it currently plays in Tercera División, holding home games at "Estadio de La Constitución", which has a capacity of 4,000 spectators.
History.
Yeclano Deportivo was founded in 2004, after the disappearance of historical "Yeclano Club de Fútbol". It first competed in the fourth division in 2006–07, being relocated to Group 13 in 2008.
In the 2009–10 season Yeclano finished in second position in its group, promoting to the third level for the first time in its history after disposing of CF Trival Valderas (5–3 on aggregate), UD Pájara Playas de Jandía (2–1) and Haro Deportivo (1–1, penalty shootout win) in the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19704174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704174" title="Frederick H. Trimble">
Frederick H. Trimble

Frederick H. Trimble was an American architect in Central Florida from the early 1900s through the 1920s. He worked in the Colonial Revival, Spanish Colonial Revival and Prairie Style. 
Buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places include:
Background.
Frederick Homer Trimble was born on June 2, 1878 and died Aug 13, 1934. His parents were Andrew Hill Trimble and Cynthia Ann Wright. Fred was one of their thirteen children: ten boys and three girls. 
Frederick Homer Trimble graduated from Morningside College in Sioux City, Iowa, and was appointed by the Methodist Church to serve as the first industrial missionary to Foochow, China in 1905, putting to use his schooling in architecture and civil engineering. While on furlough, he married Rena Nellie Bowker, who then also went to China as a missionary in 1906. While in China Trimble served as superintendent of construction of Hwa Nan College, the Woman's College of South China. 
Spanish Colonial Revival.
Trimble began his architectural career in the United States in Fellsmere, Florida. He helped pioneer the use of the Spanish Colonial Revival style, well suited to the Florida environment, in the mid-1910s (for example Farmer’s Bank in Vero Beach, 1914). The style saw a national surge in popularity following the exposure it received at the Panama-California Exposition in San Diego of 1915.
Trimble was noted for his design of school buildings starting with the Fellsmere School (1915). He designed more than 50 schools in Florida. In 1918-1919, Trimble employed Ida Annah Ryan as a designing architect.
Trimble's was one of only ten architectural firms listed in the Orlando phone directory in 1926, the others being: Frank L. Bodine, Fred E. Field, David Hyer, Murry S. King, George E. Krug, Howard M. Reynolds, Ryan and Roberts (Ida Annah Ryan and Isabel Roberts) and Percy P. Turner. This group of architects was quite intentional about creating a style of architecture in Central Florida suited to the region. Here is how they described it in an article from "The Florida Circle" of May 1924:
""Just as architects of old created styles to harmonize with their environment, so have the architects of Florida been creating, from native motifs, a style that is carefully adapted to the climatic conditions and surroundings of the state. This style has an individuality all its own and should have a fitting name to express its origins . . . The Florida Association of Architects will give a prize of $25.00 for the name selected."" 
This contest was to conclude in November 1924 and the winning name announced thereafter.
Florida Southern College.
In 1921, Trimble created a master plan for the campus of Florida Southern College in Lakeland, based upon Thomas Jefferson's campus plan for the University of Virginia. Frank Lloyd Wright’s later design for the campus was influenced by Trimble’s concepts, especially the domed central feature which Wright translated into a water dome, finally made operational in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19704181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704181" title="Zamenhof (surname)">
Zamenhof (surname)

Zamenhof is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19704211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704211" title="Wesley (disambiguation)">
Wesley (disambiguation)

Wesley is a given name and a surname.
Wesley may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19704222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704222" title="Kwolyin, Western Australia">
Kwolyin, Western Australia

Kwolyin is a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The first European to visit the area, in 1864, was the explorer Charles Cooke Hunt, who charted a large granite hill in the area by its Indigenous Australian name of "Qualyin Hill". The meaning of the name is unknown.
By 1908 the area had been settled and the local progress association requested that the government declare a townsite along the Quairading to Nunagin railway that was being proposed.
The townsite was selected in 1912 due to its position near Coaring Spring and the townsite was gazetted in 1913, the same year the railway was opened. The station was initially named as Koarin but later renamed as Kwolyin.

</doc>
<doc id="19704275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704275" title="Olympic (unfinished ship)">
Olympic (unfinished ship)

The Olympic was an ocean liner built for the White Star Line in the early twentieth century. This is not to be confused with "Olympic", sistership of the "Titanic".
After the launch of "Oceanic" in 1899 and shortly before Thomas Ismay's death, the White Star Line had ordered a new ship from Harland and Wolff, naming her "Olympic". She was planned to be the sister of "Oceanic", and at 17,272 gross tonnes would have been as large as her sister. After Thomas Ismay’s death the order for "Olympic" was cancelled. Instead, resources were transferred to the company’s new project; to build a fleet of luxurious new liners, the 'Big Four'.
The name "Olympic" was recycled by White Star for use as the name of the lead ship of the "Olympic"-class of ocean liners, which included , , and "RMS Britannic".

</doc>
<doc id="19704299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704299" title="Fajã Amaro da Cunha">
Fajã Amaro da Cunha

Fajã Amaro da Cunha is a bluff on the northern coast of São Jorge Island, an island in the central Azorean archipelago, near the parish Rosais. It is located between Fajã do Boi and the municipality of Velas. The bluff features several small houses that are inhabited by mostly fishermen and farmers.

</doc>
<doc id="19704314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704314" title="Fakhraly">
Fakhraly

Fakhraly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19704326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704326" title="Farrash">
Farrash

Farrash may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19704342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704342" title="TTC">
TTC

TTC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19704363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704363" title="Twistie">
Twistie

Twistie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19704364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704364" title="Jack Scanlon">
Jack Scanlon

Jack Scanlon (born 6 August 1998) is an English child actor who played one of the lead roles in the Holocaust film "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas" (2008).
Although Scanlon was born in Canterbury, Kent, he now lives in Deal with his parents and younger brother. He is a fan of Aldershot Town FC. He attends Sir Roger Manwood's School in nearby Sandwich.
He auditioned for ""The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas"" through his drama club and was eventually cast as Shmuel after director Mark Herman narrowed his choice down to about three possible candidates and paired each with Asa Butterfield for a final audition together. According to Herman: "Jack and Asa played very well against one another."
Although ""The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas"" is Scanlon's feature film debut, he did act before. He appeared in a 10-minute short film title ""The Eye of the Butterfly"" (which led to him being suggested to the casting director of ""The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas"") and in a 2007 episode of the "Peter Serafinowicz Show".
Scanlon also played the younger brother of main character Sean (William Miller) in the 2009 British children's miniseries "Runaway", broadcast on BBC One, which was part of the CBBC season about homelessness.

</doc>
<doc id="19704392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704392" title="Honda MT125R">
Honda MT125R

The Honda MT125R was produced for the U.S. market in the years 1977–1978. It was a production Grand Prix motorcycle racing roadracer designed for closed-course competition roadracing. The MT125R was produced by Honda Racing Service Center (RSC) and made available to the general public through the American Honda Motorcycle dealer network.
The picture shows how the MT125R would come out of the shipping crate. All white fiberglass parts with only gelcoat. The kit would also include a basic, but useful service manual and rear prop stand.
For many champion motorcycle roadracers, the road to the top started on a small engine capacity two-cycle motorcycle. Top roadracers like Randy Mamola got their start on a 125 cc GP racer. Others like Ángel Nieto spent their entire careers racing in the 50 cc, 80 cc and 125 cc classes.
1977 - MT125R.
Product code: 325
1978 - MT125R.
Product code: 325
Features.
Expansion chamber redesigned
Overview.
Good examples of this model will have the original "RSC" tachometer, factory prop stand which lifts at the footrests, owners/service manual.
A liquid-cooled kit was available from RSC which included: liquid-cooled cylinder, cylinder head, water pump, hoses, hardware, temperature gauge and radiator. This option is fairly rare.
The MT125R shares many parts with the CR125 engine. The CR versions were motocross bikes with similar specifications. One notable difference was the shift pattern on the transmission. Both had the standard 1 down 5 up pattern. On MT125R versions the shift lever was flipped over rearward to accommodate the rearset footpegs of the MT roadracer. To maintain the widely used 1 down 5 up pattern a different shift linkage was used behind the engine cover.
MT125Rs used a different cylinder than the CR versions when they were originally produced. At some point the part numbers were superseded by part numbers shared by both the MT125R and the CR125m Elsinore models.
Owners in search of parts after production stopped often substituted complete CR125M motors for their MT125R motors. The first clue is a reversed shift pattern from a stock MT125R (1 up 5 down).
Performance and riding the MT125R.
Dyno test of Honda MT125 R-3
As with any 125 cc roadracer, it was best suited for smaller riders. After bump starting the engine a good start required patience and finesse. To characterize the personality of the 125 cc two-stroke look at the RSC factory tachometer. It did not move or display engine rpm until 5,000 rpm and registered up to 14,000 rpm. With the tall gearing needed for top speed performance it would not pull its own weight until the tachometer was showing at least 9,000 rpm. The engine was in its peak powerband or, "on the pipe" from just below 10,000 rpm and went out of the powerband a little past 11,000 (depending on jetting and modifications).
To achieve a good start the rider needed to hold the throttle wide open and begin feathering the clutch as fast as possible while keeping the rpm between 10,000 and 11,000 rpm. If the tachometer dropped below 10,000 RPMs the rider needed to pull the clutch in, rev the motor and begin the process again. If the clutch was engaged too quickly the engine could "bog" or even stall while the rest of the starting field rode away. Even with the lightest of riders, the MT125R required slipping the clutch for 40 or more feet. The rewards for a successful launch were full throttle with quick shifts (approximately every 1,000 rpm) up through the six gears. At the end of sixth gear the hard-working 123 cc engine would be pulling along a straight stretch between 110 and 120 mph.

</doc>
<doc id="19704398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704398" title="Siegfried (disambiguation)">
Siegfried (disambiguation)

Siegfried is a masculine German given name.
Siegfried may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19704421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704421" title="Windhill">
Windhill

Windhill () is a hamlet in Ross and Cromarty, in the Highland council area of Scotland, about halfway between the villages of Beauly and Muir of Ord, beside the A862. It is just to the north of a small stream which marks the boundary of Ross and Cromarty with Inverness-shire, which is also often considered to be the western boundary of the Black Isle.
There are several standing stones near Windhill. One of them, known as "Clach an t-Seasaidh", is said to be referred to in a prophecy by the Brahan Seer. 

</doc>
<doc id="19704463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704463" title="SS Orcades (1948)">
SS Orcades (1948)

SS "Orcades" was an ocean liner serving primarily on the UK – Australia – New Zealand route. She started service as a British Royal Mail Steamer (RMS) carrying first and tourist class passengers. "Orcades" carried many migrants to Australia and New Zealand and was later used as a cruise ship.
Built at the Barrow yard of Vickers-Armstrongs, Orcades (yard no. 950) had an identical hull and machinery to P&O's "Himalaya" (yard no. 951), though differing in superstructure and interior layout.
During the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne the "Orcades" served as an accommodation ship.
The vessel underwent refits in 1959 and 1964. During the 1959 refit the ship obtained a 'stovepipe' fitting to her funnel. Under the 1964 refit "Orcades" became a single class vessel and her external primary colour scheme changed from yellow ['orient corn'] to white. In 1952 RMS Orcades was fitted with a 'top hat' funnel extension to clear smoke from the after decks.
The vessel's near sister ship's were the "Oronsay" (1951) and "Orsova" (1954)
Orcades is an ancient name for the Orkney Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19704505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704505" title="The Drama Club">
The Drama Club

The Drama Club was a five-piece alternative rock group from Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, United States.
History.
The band idea and initial concept began in c. 2005 when lead singer and primary composer Nick Coyle, formerly of the rock band Lifer (Universal Music), moved back to Pennsylvania after singing for the Chicago-based rock outfit Widescreen with Geno Lenardo and Steve Gillis (formerly of Filter). After working on songs for a few months, the band was introduced to producer Bill Appleberry (The Wallflowers, The Used, Stone Temple Pilots, Adema) by management who expressed interested in working on their songs and recording them. The band and Appleberry recorded five songs which the band later self-released in 2006 on an EP called "Greatest Hits" to get the music out and tour regionally to build a fan base. These five songs were recorded in just four days at Soundmine Studios, in E. Stroadsburg, PA and mixed in Los Angeles. In 2008 another producer, Rob Caggiano, came out to Pennsylvania to see and hear the band play one of their live shows. Finding quite a bit of interest in the band, Caggiano called Jay Baumgardner to help the band mix another EP called "The Drama Club". This 2008 self-titled EP also includes guest vocalist Ben Burnley of Breaking Benjamin who is a childhood friend of Coyle's and was released and distributed nationally by EMI Music. The Drama Club's song "Everybody Wants Some" was chosen by ESPN and is featured in their "NFL Plays of December", NFL Live and ESPN News shows. To support this EP the band completed two national tours supporting Cold and Semi-Precious Weapons; they have also done many regional dates with Papa Roach, Breaking Benjamin, Chevelle, Saving Abel, Candlebox, Hoobastank, and Velvet Revolver. In 2009 the band wrote more songs for their debut full-length album, and toured regionally. In 2010, The Drama Club posted 3 songs for download on facebook. Two of which were new demos and the third was an acoustic version on 'Brand New Day'. The album title for these songs is called 'Presents: The Twilight Symphony'. This is rumoured to be the title of The Drama Club's debut full-length album On November 11, 2010 The Drama Club put the new demo album "Presents: The Twilight Symphony" Up for free download on ILike.com which also appears on the bands Facebook page.
On Thursday, March 17, 2011 The Drama Club announced that there is officially no more Drama Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19704535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704535" title="Seat (disambiguation)">
Seat (disambiguation)

Seat can refer to:
A place to sit, (a "seat"), particularly the area one sits upon (rather than other elements, like armrests). See:
A place or office of authority:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="19704593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704593" title="Hope Scope">
Hope Scope

Hope Scope is the fourteenth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label and the fifth to feature his Octet. It was released in 1991 and features performances by Murray, Rasul Siddik, Hugh Ragin, Craig Harris, James Spaulding, Dave Burrell, Wilber Morris and Ralph Peterson, Jr.. The album contains Murray's tributes to Ben Webster and Lester Young.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "This spirited set has tributes to Ben Webster and Lester Young but is at its best when the full ensemble (trumpeters Hugh Ragin and Rasul Siddik, trombonist Craig Harris, altoist James Spaulding, pianist Dave Burrell, bassist Wilber Morris and drummer Ralph Peterson, Jr., along with the leader on tenor and bass clarinet) get to improvise together. This is one of their strongest all-round recordings with "Hope Scope" being a particular highpoint.".

</doc>
<doc id="19704627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704627" title="Eastern Qing Tombs">
Eastern Qing Tombs

The Eastern Qing Tombs () are an imperial mausoleum complex of the Qing Dynasty located in Zunhua, 125 kilometers northeast of Beijing. They are the largest, most complete, and best preserved extant mausoleum complex in China. Altogether, 5 emperors (Shunzhi, Kangxi, Qianlong, Xianfeng, and Tongzhi), 15 empresses, 136 imperial concubines, 3 princes, and 2 princesses of the Qing Dynasty were buried here. Surrounded by Changrui Mountain, Jinxing Mountain, Huanghua Mountain, and Yingfei Daoyang Mountain, the tomb complex stretches over a total area of 80 km2.
Description.
At the center of the Eastern Qing Tombs lies Xiaoling, the tomb of the Shunzhi Emperor (1638–1661), who became the first Qing emperor to rule over China. Shunzhi was also the first emperor to be buried in the area. Buried with him are his empresses Xiaokangzhang (mother of the Kangxi Emperor) and Consort Donggo. The major tombs to the east of Shunzhi's mausoleum are Jingling (Kangxi Emperor) and Huiling (Tongzhi Emperor). To the west lie Yuling (Qianlong Emperor), 
Ding Dongling (Dowager Empress Cixi and Empress Ci'an), and Dingling (Xianfeng Emperor), .
All imperial mausolea in the Eastern Qing Tombs follow a pattern established by the Xiaoling mausoleum of the Shunzhi Emperor. The basic layout consists of three sections: spirit way, palaces, and offering kitchens. Xiaoling has the most elaborate spirit way and contains the following structures (from south to north):
a stone archway, eastern and western dismounting stelae, grand palace gate, hall for changing clothes, divine merit stelae pavilion, stone sculptures, dragon-and-phoenix gate, one-arch bridge, seven-arch bridge, five-arch bridge, eastern and western dismounting stelae, three-way three-arch bridges and flat bridge. The palace section of Xiaoling contains the following structures (from south to north): spirit way stela pavilion, eastern and western halls for court officials, Long'en Gate, eastern and western sacrificial burners, eastern and western side halls, Long'en Hall (), gate of the burial chamber, two-pillar gate, stone altar-pieces, square city, memorial tower, glazed screen, crescent city, precious citadel, earth mound with the underground palace underneath. The north of the palace was closed off with walls. The section of the offering kitchens was positioned to the left of the palace section, it consists of a walled compound that contains the offering kitchens proper (i.e., where the sacrificial food was cooked), the southern and northern offering warehouses, and a slaughterhouse where the oxen and sheep were butchered.
Jingling is the tomb of the Kangxi Emperor, and is surprisingly modest given that he was possibly the greatest emperor of the Qing Dynasty but is in keeping with what is known of his character. The sacred way leading to the tomb has an elegant five-arch bridge; the guardian figures are placed on an unusual curve quite close to the tomb itself, and are more decorated than those at earlier tombs.
Yuling, the tomb of the Qianlong Emperor (the fourth emperor of the Qing Dynasty), may be the most splendid one of all royal tombs in Chinese history. Yuling has the finest tomb chamber, a series of nine vaults separated by four solid marble doors located at a depth of 54 meters. Beginning with the first marble gate, all walls, vaulted ceilings, and gates are covered with Buddhist imagery such as the four heavenly kings, the eight bodhisattvas, the 24 buddhas, lions, the Eight Treasures, as well as ritual instruments and more than 30,000 words of Tibetan scripture and Sanskrit. The 3-ton doors themselves have reliefs of bodhisattvas (beings on the road to enlightenment) and the four protective kings usually found at temple entrances. The Qianlong Emperor (died 1799) selected the site of his mausoleum in 1742 and construction began in the following year. Construction was completed in 1752, but the mausoleum was expanded further in the years between 1755 and 1762. During this time, the square city, memorial tower, the precious citadel, as well as the two side halls were newly built. 
Ding Dongling, the tomb of Empress Dowager Cixi stands out for its extremely luxurious decoration. The Long'en Hall along with its eastern and western side halls is made from valuable red wood timbers. All three halls are decorated with gold-glazed coloured painting, gilded dragons, and carved stone rails. Today, the main hall contains reproductions of pictures produced in 1903 by Cixi's photo studio within the Summer Palace. Everywhere there are reminders of the Forbidden City, such as the terrace-corner spouts carved as water-loving dragons. The interior has motifs strikingly painted in gold on dark wood, recalling the buildings where she spent her last years. There are walls of carved and gilded brick, and superbly fearsome wooden dragons writhe down the columns.
Zhaoxiling, the tomb of the Empress Dowager Xiaozhuang, the mother of the Shunzhi Emperor is located to the east of the entrance to the spirit way that leads to the tomb of Shunzhi. Xiaozhuang is believed to have played an important role in consolidating early Qing Dynasty authority. The mausoleum was started as a temporary resting hall under the direction of the Kangxi Emperor, who was the grandson of Xiaozhuang and followed her wishes in making this arrangement. The temporary hall was converted into the Zhaoxiling mausoleum in 1725, during the reign of the Yongzheng Emperor.
The tombs were looted by troops under the command of the warlord Sun Dianying in 1928.
Main tombs.
An abandoned construction site for the mausoleum of the Daoguang Emperor is also located in the Eastern Qing Tombs. Daoguang decided to move his tomb (Muling) to the Western Qing Tombs after water seeped into the burial chamber at the original site. The already built structures were dismantled and moved to the Western Qing Tombs. Two sons and two daughters of Daoguang are buried in the Eastern Qing Tombs (in the "Tomb of the Princess").

</doc>
<doc id="19704676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704676" title="Chikara (album)">
Chikara (album)

Chikara (Japanese for "power") is a compilation album by hard rock band Kiss, released in 1988 on Polystar.
Background.
The album was released on CD only in Japan in support of Kiss' 1988 Japanese tour. It was limited to 100,000 copies and has long been out of print. One item of note is that this was the only official compact disc release of the extended 12" single version of the song "I Was Made for Lovin' You", until the 4-track "Psycho Circus" single in 1998.
Track listing.
The booklet incorrectly lists the three "Creatures of the Night" tracks as remixes. These tracks were taken from the 1985 remaster of said album. Only the title track is remixed. The tracks are not unique to this CD.
There is some debate as to the sourcing of the tracks. There is an odd fade-out of "Detroit Rock City" and an early fadeout/cutoff of "All Hell's Breaking Loose" as examples.

</doc>
<doc id="19704801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704801" title="List of cliffs in São Jorge Island">
List of cliffs in São Jorge Island

The following is a lists of cliffs and bluffs in São Jorge Island, Azores:

</doc>
<doc id="19704846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704846" title="2008 Zolder Superleague Formula round">
2008 Zolder Superleague Formula round

The 2008 Zolder Superleague Formula round was the third round of the inaugural Superleague Formula championship, with the races taking place on October 5, 2008. Eighteen football teams were represented on the grid, the same number of teams as there was at the Nürburgring. There were three driver changes for this round of the championship: Ryan Dalziel returned to the Rangers F.C. car (replacing James Walker), after missing the previous round due to a clash with his Rolex Sports Car Series commitments at Miller Motorsports Park. Two drivers made their debuts, with Dutchman Paul Meijer replacing Nelson Philippe in the car representing Borussia Dortmund and Belgian Bertrand Baguette replaced Andreas Zuber in the Al Ain car. The meeting saw a first win for Liverpool F.C. and a second win for championship leaders Beijing Guoan. However, the championship lead for the Chinese side was cut to 14 points.
Report.
Qualifying.
After the random draw which split the eighteen-car field into two groups, the fastest four qualifiers from each progressed into the knockout stages to decide places 1 to 8 on the grid. For the third race in succession, drivers missed out on places in the knockout stages, despite setting a faster time than the fourth-placed qualifier in the slower group. On this occasion, three Group A drivers were eliminated despite setting times up to half a second faster than the fourth-placed qualifier of Group B. The unlucky drivers turned out to be Max Wissel (FC Basel 1893), Ryan Dalziel (Rangers F.C.) and Enrico Toccacelo (A.S. Roma), who were all quicker than Craig Dolby's R.S.C. Anderlecht machine, which made it through from Group B. A.C. Milan and Atlético Madrid topped their respective groups and were expected to face each other in the final, yet both teams were eliminated in the quarter-finals by Anderlecht and Paul Meijer's Borussia Dortmund machine. Sevilla FC and Liverpool F.C. were the other semi-finalists, yet neither would make the final as Meijer and Dolby sealed their places by beating the somewhat more experienced GP2 Series drivers Borja García and Adrián Vallés. In the final, Dolby would not set a time, thus giving Meijer a debut pole, becoming the third different polesitter in three races.
Race 1.
A wet raceday greeted the drivers on Sunday, and it was all action right from the rolling start. Fifth-placed Davide Rigon (Beijing Guoan) and seventh-placed Robert Doornbos (A.C. Milan) came together, with Doornbos being unsighted due to the spray. The accident caused terminal damage to both cars, yet would aid them for the second race of the afternoon - thanks to the reverse grid system. Dolby had taken the lead off Meijer ahead of the midfield chaos, due to a tentative start by the Dutch rookie. The two ran in very close formation, until a safety car was called for on lap 4, with García in the wall at the Lucien Bianchi Bocht, having dropped a wheel on the wet grass. The mandatory pit stop window came as the safety car was out, and after the race went green, the first of the leaders came in - Vallés from third, complaining of a vibration and balance issues on the Liverpool car. These new boots had an effect on the Spanish driver rattling off a series of fastest laps and coupled with shoddy pitstops by Dolby and Meijer, a first win was on the cards. Not even a late safety car for spinners Toccacelo and Alessandro Pier Guidi (Galatasaray S.K.) could halt the Vallés steamroller, as he would go on to win by 2.257 seconds from Dolby, recording his third runner-up placing in five races. Following them home were Meijer, Wissel, Andy Soucek (Atlético Madrid), Tristan Gommendy (F.C. Porto), Yelmer Buurman (PSV Eindhoven), Dalziel, Tuka Rocha (CR Flamengo), Antônio Pizzonia (SC Corinthians), Bertrand Baguette (Al Ain), with Duncan Tappy (Tottenham Hotspur) completing the finishers, having suffered a puncture.
Race 2.
After the first race clash between them, Rigon and Doornbos lined up together on the front row and just like the first race, the outside of turn one saw the second-place starter overtake the polesitter around the outside, with Rigon skating his way around the Dutchman. But again, the safety car came out for a first-lap incident. Pizzonia had misjudged his braking point for the Klein Chicane, barrelled past a number of cars and skated straight into Dalziel, causing both to retire. After this safety car period, Rigon strolled off into a 23-second victory, leaving the rest of the field in his wake. The battle for second was on with both Doornbos and Toccacelo struggling with car setups. Buurman made a mistake while trying to pass the Italian, knocking his pit limiter on and lost ground. García spun again, with an almost carbon copy of his race one spin - this time, he stayed on circuit. With all the problems about him, Tappy moved through the melée and ended up second, ahead of Buurman, Doornbos, Wissel, Vallés, Toccacelo, García, Kasper Andersen (Olympiacos CFP), Baguette, Meijer, Pier Guidi, Soucek, Rocha and Gommendy. With the win, Rigon managed to get back some of the damage caused to the points lead in race one - Guoan's championship lead now stands at 14 points from PSV with Sevilla falling further back.

</doc>
<doc id="19704867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704867" title="Cara Horgan">
Cara Horgan

Cara Horgan (born 19XX) is an English actress that has worked in television, film, and theatre.
Career.
In 2008 she appeared on stage as Hedda Gabler at London's Gate Theatre. In 2009 she played Irene in a revival of Katie Mitchell's "Pains of Youth" at the National Theatre. From 24 May to 9 June 2010, Cara appeared in Caryl Churchill's Far Away at the Bristol Old Vic. In 2011 she played Maria in Deborah Warner's "The School for Scandal" at the Barbican Centre. In 2013 she joined Sean Holme's Secret Theatre Company at The Lyric Hammersmith>
Personal life.
She was born in South East England and was trained at the Drama Centre in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19704882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704882" title="Magnus (disambiguation)">
Magnus (disambiguation)

Magnus is a given name and surname.
Magnus may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19704884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704884" title="Anti-nuclear movement in Switzerland">
Anti-nuclear movement in Switzerland

In 2008, nuclear energy provided Switzerland with 40 per cent of its electricity, but a survey of Swiss people found that only seven per cent of respondents were totally in favor of energy production by nuclear power stations. Many large anti-nuclear demonstrations and protests have occurred over the years. 
In May 2011, following the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Cabinet decided to ban the building of new nuclear power reactors. The country’s five existing reactors would be allowed to continue operating, but "would not be replaced at the end of their life span".
Early years.
The Swiss parliament promulgated the "Nuclear Energy Act of 1959", and the first three nuclear power plants entered production between 1969 and 1972 without significant anti-nuclear mobilization. Protests started in the late 1960s, principally against a planned nuclear power plant in Kaiseraugst, a small village not far from the city of Basel. This site was to be the focal point of the Swiss anti-nuclear movement for the next two decades.
A major occupation took place in 1975 in Kaiseraugst, after construction work had begun. The occupation was organized by the "Non-violent Action Kaiseraugst" and lasted about 10 weeks, between April and June 1975. Fifteen thousand people participated. Following this, a number of other non-violent actions were formed nationwide, and mass demonstrations became national in scope. A demonstration held in Bern on April 26, 1975, attracted 18,000 people and was supported by more than 170 associations and parties. A period of intense mobilization occurred in the period from 1975 to 1981. 
After Chernobyl.
From 1986 to 1990, the Chernobyl disaster brought another peak of anti-nuclear protests in Switzerland, which "increased public awareness toward nuclear energy and favored the acceptance in 1990 of a popular initiative for a ten-year moratorium on the construction of new nuclear plants." With the exception of this ten-year moratorium, the Swiss public has rejected every referendum to ban nuclear energy since the 1970s.
Recent developments.
In 2008, nuclear energy provided Switzerland with 40 per cent of its electricity. A survey of 1,026 Swiss people found that 7% were totally in favor of nuclear energy production, 14% were fully opposed, 33% were fairly in favor, and 38% were fairly opposed, with 8% having no opinion.
One of the most contentious issues is the disposal of radioactive waste. At present, spent nuclear material is "kept in temporary aboveground facilities while politicians and communities wrangle about where to bury it."
In May 2011, following the Fukushima nuclear disaster, some 20,000 people turned out for Switzerland's largest anti-nuclear power demonstration in 25 years. Demonstrators marched peacefully near the Beznau Nuclear Power Plant, the oldest in Switzerland, which started operating 40 years ago.
Days after the anti-nuclear rally, Cabinet decided to ban the building of new nuclear power reactors. The country’s five existing reactors would be allowed to continue operating, but "would not be replaced at the end of their life span".

</doc>
<doc id="19704896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704896" title="Multitasking (disambiguation)">
Multitasking (disambiguation)

Multitasking may refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19704897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704897" title="Manasseh (disambiguation)">
Manasseh (disambiguation)

Manasseh is a masculine given name of ancient Hebrew origin.
Manasseh or Menashe may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19704922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19704922" title="Membrane (disambiguation)">
Membrane (disambiguation)

Membrane most commonly means a thin, selective barrier, but it is sometimes used for films that function as separators, like biological membranes. Membrane may also refer to:
Biology:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19705002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705002" title="Liege (disambiguation)">
Liege (disambiguation)

Liege may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19705031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705031" title="KTH (disambiguation)">
KTH (disambiguation)

KTH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19705047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705047" title="Louis Nels">
Louis Nels

Louis Nels (16 December 1855 – 13 November 1910) was a German government official who served as acting Reichskommissar in German South-West Africa in 1890–1891.
Trained as a lawyer, he later joined the German civil service. Beginning in 1885 he served under acting Reichskommisar Heinrich Ernst Göring (1839–1913) in Otjimbingwe, the colonial headquarters of German South-West Africa. In 1890 he became a colonial judge, and shortly afterwards replaced Göring as acting Reichskommissar. Nels would maintain this position from August 1890 to March 1891, when he was succeeded by Curt von François (1852–1931).
In 1891, he left German South-West Africa, and afterwards was a consul in various foreign countries. Nels died on 13 November 1910 in Neuerburg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19705052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705052" title="Dimitrie I. Ghika">
Dimitrie I. Ghika

Dimitrie I. Ghika or Ghica (1875–1967) was a Romanian politician and diplomat. He was the son of Ioan Grigore Ghika former minister of National Defence and of Foreign Affairs.
Dimitrie Ghika studied at the University of Toulouse and at the Paris Institute of Political Studies. He entered the diplomatic service in 1894 as secretary to the Romanian legation in Rome. His other assignments took him to St. Petersburg, Bern, Vienna and Sofia.
In 1919 he was part of the Romanian delegation to the Paris Peace Conference, 1919 signing the Treaty of Sèvres. He thereafter worked closely with Nicolae Titulescu. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from April 27, 1931 to June 5, 1932 in the government headed by Nicolae Iorga. He was appointed minister plenipotentiary to Belgium and Luxembourg, being recalled in 1936 due to the reshuffling of the Romanian diplomatic corps after the dismissal of Nicolae Titulescu. Dimitrie I. Ghika retired in 1937. 
He was brother of Vladimir Ghika.
Dimitrie Ghika also translated the Histories of Herodotus into Romanian. He also published a study on the relations between France and the Romanian Principalities during the French Revolution and the First French Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19705078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705078" title="Business.govt.nz">
Business.govt.nz

Business.govt.nz (a service of the New Zealand Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment) is the official New Zealand government website that brings together business resources, tools and information to help people start, manage and grow their business.
The site has been primarily designed to meet the needs of small to medium sized businesses.
Business.govt.nz is managed and maintained by the New Zealand Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment.
Background.
The previous government business site, biz.org.nz, was launched in 2003 and had proved to be a useful and well-used business resource.
Business.govt.nz was launched on 15 August 2007 and replaced biz.org.nz. It was developed by New Zealand Trade and Enterprise in consultation with a range of government departments and ministries, business groups and business service providers. This level of input has ensured the features of the new site are based on what businesses have said they need to make managing their businesses easier.
The site harvests information from a range of relevant websites and steers people to that content, making information quick and easy to find. It can also direct users to the original source if they need more information about a particular topic.
Business.govt.nz is more interactive than biz.org.nz and offers the option of taking information out to businesses and the business community through the syndication of business content.
Site content.
Business tools are provided on the site, including online training, online transactions and forms, and publications.
Business topic covered by the site include:
The site also includes news, features, business tools, polls, and an events listing.
Users.
Users of Business.govt.nz are given the option to register. Non-registered users are able to access all areas and all information on the site. Registered users can subscribe to a newsletter, receive email alerts, customise the look and feel of the site for themselves, and save the results created by interactive tools on the site.
A media statement by New Zealand Trade and Enterprise says the site had more than 300,000 users in its first year of operation, with most users having a New Zealand IP address.
External links.
New Zealand Government website
New Zealand Companies Office
Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment
NZTE Media Release about business.govt.nz usage numbers
Business.govt.nz official website

</doc>
<doc id="19705143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705143" title="Amber Beattie">
Amber Beattie

Amber Louisa Oatley Beattie (born 22 July 1993) is an English actress and singer, who is known for her role as Lulu Baker in "Jinx" and Gretel in "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas".
Personal life.
Amber Beattie attended William Patten Primary School, underwent secondary education at Stoke Newington School – Media Arts & Science College in Hackney, attended La SWAP sixth form in London and now studies Zoology at the University of Leeds.
Acting career.
Beattie got her big break in the 2008 Holocaust film "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas", playing the character of Gretel. She previously starred in the television film "Empathy".
In 2009, she played Lulu Baker in "Jinx". Other TV roles include guest appearances on "The Bill" (2008), "Doctors" (2009), "Casualty" (2010), and "The Sarah Jane Adventures". Beattie in 2011 played "Mystical Megan" in The Sparticle Mystery.

</doc>
<doc id="19705257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705257" title="Gale Robbins">
Gale Robbins

Gale Robbins (born Betty Gale Robbins, May 7, 1921 - February 18, 1980) was an American actress and singer.
Born in Indiana, Robbins graduated from high school in June 1939 and began her career with the Phil Levant band in 1940. She married her high school sweetheart, Robert Olson, in November 1944 when he was in the Air Force.
Starting as a model and nightclub singer she made her film debut in "In the Meantime, Darling" in 1944 and appeared in several films, such as "Calamity Jane" and "My Dear Secretary" (1948). She later focused on TV, hosting "Hollywood House" from 1949 to 1950. She released the album "I'm a Dreamer", backed by Eddie Cano and his orchestra, in 1958. She made three guest appearances on "The Bob Cummings Show" between 1955-1958.
Robbins died of lung cancer at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="19705268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705268" title="USS Relief (ID-2170)">
USS Relief (ID-2170)

The fourth USS "Relief" (ID-2170) was a salvage tug that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
"Relief" was a steel-hulled wrecking tug built during 1907 by Harlan and Hollingsworth at Wilmington, Delaware. 
The U.S. Navy acquired her on 8 August 1918 from the Merritt and Chapman Derrick and Wrecking Company of New York, New York for World War I service. The Navy gave her Id. No. 2170 and commissioned her on 19 August 1918. "Relief" operated as a salvage and wrecking tug in the New York area while assigned to the 3rd Naval District into 1919. She collided with the patrol vessel on 27 September 1918; "Williams" suffered slight damage.
"Relief" was sold to her former owner on 14 May 1919, and remained in commercial service between the two world wars. During World War II, "Relief", although remaining civilian-owned and -operated, supported the U.S. Navy under the direction of its Bureau of Ships beginning on 14 January 1942. "Relief" subsequently returned to mercantile service until placed out of service in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19705338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705338" title="EC">
EC

EC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19705448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705448" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's javelin throw F42/44">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's javelin throw F42/44

The Men's Javelin Throw F42/44 had its Final held on September 12 at 19:00.

</doc>
<doc id="19705496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705496" title="Evelyn Matthei">
Evelyn Matthei

Evelyn Rose Matthei Fornet (born November 11, 1953) is a Chilean graduate in economics and politician who served as Minister of Labor and Social Security under Chilean President Sebastián Piñera until July 2013. She was the Independent Democrat Union Party's nominee for President of Chile in the 2013 elections.
Matthei began her career as a lecturer at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile, before working in management in the private sector. Following Chile's return to democracy in 1989, she successfully ran for Deputy of the 23rd Electoral District the year after. Matthei remained in Congress, serving another term as Deputy and being elected Senator twice before she was appointed to the Cabinet in 2011.
Besides her political career, Matthei is also an accomplished pianist.
Family and education.
Matthei was born in Santiago de Chile, the second child of Elda Fornet Fernández and Fernando Matthei Aubel, a military officer. Her father was Minister of Health during Augusto Pinochet’s government; later becoming Commander-in-chief of the Air Force, and in this capacity, a member of the Military Junta until Chile’s return to democracy.
As a child, Matthei's family were friends with Michelle Bachelet and her family. Bachelet later became president of Chile and in 2013 Matthei challenged her for the presidency.
During her secondary education, Matthei developed a passion for music and piano, and upon graduation expressed interest in becoming a concert pianist. It was impossible for her family to pay for a tutor on her father’s meager salary as an Air Force Captain, but Matthei was able to obtain scholarships for her studies. Following graduation, she took the admissions exams for university; but at the time her father was appointed military attaché to the Chilean Embassy in London, and she decided to pursue her piano career in Britain. Three years later, she realized she would not become a concert pianist and decided to return to Chile.
In 1974 Matthei started studying at the Economics Institute of the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile, from which she received a licentiate in Economics after four years. She pursued a degree in Economics, passed the final oral exam, and was even awarded a prize as best student of her promotion, but she claims her thesis was stolen and so did not graduate.
While studying, Matthei worked as an assistant professor and research assistant. She collaborated with current President Sebastián Piñera on a Latin American Economic Commission paper on poverty in the region; as well as a helping develop a textbook on Monetary Theory with Professor Hernando Cortés for the Economics Institute of her University.
Early career.
Matthei graduated in 1979 and became a professor of International Economics at the Economics Institute of the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. After working a year as a researcher in a private consultancy, Forestal S.A. she became an analyst in the "Superintendencia de AFP", the government body overseeing operation of Chile's by then privatized pension system. Less than a year later she was promoted to head of department.
In 1986 she resigned her government position to become VP of Tourism, Commerce and Securities at Bancard S.A. a position she'd keep until being elected Deputy four years later. In 1988 she was invited to become an adviser for the Social and Economic Commission, and returned to teaching at the Catholic University, this time as a Professor of Introduction to Economics.
Political career.
Matthei entered Chilean politics in the late 1980s, after the military government relaxed control over political activity. She joined National Renewal party's youth group called Patrulla Juvenil ("Youth Patrol"), along with future President of Chile Sebastián Piñera, and future fellow senator and minister Andrés Allamand. She was a member of the party's Political Commission and later elected its National Vice president. National Renewal (RN) is a center-right, liberal-conservative party.
In 1990, she was National Renewal's candidate for Deputy for the 23rd Electoral district, representing the communes of  Las Condes, Vitacura and Lo Barnechea, winning by a broad margin. Following her increasing popularity, Matthei was tapped as a potential presidential candidate for the center-right Democracy and Progress Coalition. However, following a highly publicized wire-tapping scandal in 1993 known as Piñeragate, involving her and fellow presidential hopeful Sebastián Piñera, she was forced to desist from her presidential bid. Disgusted with the way National Renewal leaders dealt with the scandal, she resigned from the party and continued her political career as an independent until 1999.
In 1994, she opted to run for Deputy of the 15th Electoral District of San Antonio, winning the seat as an independent with support from the Independent Democrat Union (UDI) party. Upon completion of her term, Matthei was elected senator in 1997, representing the Coquimbo Region, being re-elected in 2005. In 1999, she joined the Independent Democrat Union. As Senator, she became the first woman to preside over the Senate Budget and Oversight Committee. Matthei resigned from her seat in January 2011 when she was appointed Minister of Labor and Social Security by President Sebastián Piñera.
As Minister, Matthei gained notoriety for her fiery personality and was the center of several heated exchanges with members both of the governing coalition and the opposition. Her relatively liberal views on abortion, same-sex marriage and tax reform deepened a growing rift with her own party, and in March 2013, she confided that she had decided to quit politics following completion of her term as Minister.
On July 17, and after winning the primary, UDI presidential candidate Pablo Longueira resigned citing health reasons. Three days later, the Political Commission of the party unanimously proclaimed Evelyn Matthei as their new presidential candidate for the elections in November. On December 15, 2013 she lost the presidential election to socialist candidate Michelle Bachelet 62% to 38%.
Personal life.
Evelyn Matthei is married to fellow economist and former Chilean Central Bank Deputy Governor Jorge Desormeaux, with whom she has three children. She is a classically trained pianist, and speaks English and German as well as her native Spanish.
Electoral history.
Deputy for the District No. 23 (Las Condes, Vitacura and Lo Barnechea), Santiago Metropolitan Region
Deputy for District No. 15 (San Antonio), Valparaíso Region
Senator for the Circunscription No. 4 (Coquimbo Region)
Senator for the Circunscription No. 4 (Coquimbo Region)

</doc>
<doc id="19705522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705522" title="Venetic theory">
Venetic theory

The Venetic theory () is a widely diffused autochthonist theory of the origin of Slovenes which denies the Slavic settlement of the Eastern Alps in the 6th century, claiming that proto-Slovenes (also regarded as the Veneti people by the proponents of this theory) have inhabited the region since ancient times. Although it has been rejected by scholars, it has been an influential alternative explanation of the Slovenian ethnogenesis. During the 1980s and 1990s, it gained wide attention in Slovenia and the former Yugoslavia.
Background.
The theory was advanced in the mid 1980s by a group of Slovenian authors, notably Jožko Šavli, Matej Bor and Ivan Tomažič. In a book published in 1984, the three authors proposed an alternative view on the ethnogenesis of the Slovene people: they rejected the notion that the Slovenes were descended of Slavs who settled the area in the 6th century, claiming that the ancestors of modern Slovenes were in fact a pre-Roman people they call Veneti (which would include the Adriatic Veneti, the Baltic Veneti, the Pannonians, the Noricans and some other peoples that traditional historiography identified either as Celts or Illyrians). According to the Venetic theory, the ancient Veneti spoke a proto-Slavic language from which modern Slovene and West Slavic languages emerged.
There were several similar antecedents to the Venetic theory. The priest Davorin Trstenjak (1817–1890) claimed that Slovenes were ancient indigenous inhabitants of Slovenia and that Slavs had ruled Europe, Africa, and Asia in antiquity. The lawyer Henrik Tuma (1858–1935) declared that Slovenes had been the first humans to settle Europe. The writer and journalist Franc Jeza (1916–1984) asserted that the Slovenes had Swedish origins.
Premises.
The Venetic theory is based on several different arguments. One is the traditional Germanic denomination of several Slavic peoples as Wends (Proto-Germanic *Wénethōz > ); this tradition has remained in the archaic German name for the Sorbs ("Wenden") and the Slovenes ("Windischen" or "Winden"). Some medieval chroniclers also equated ancient Veneti with Slavs. The second argument on which the theory is based are supposed Slavic (proto-Slovene) toponyms found throughout Central Europe and Northern Italy; these toponyms have been studied by Šavli, but his discoveries have been rejected by linguists and historians alike. The third argument is based on the ancient Venetic inscriptions found in North-Eastern Italy and in the Slovenian Littoral, which Bor interpreted as being Slavic. Bor's interpretations have also been completely rejected by scholars.
Reception.
The Venetic theory created a great controversy in the Slovenian and Yugoslav public in the late 1980s. Several of the most prominent Slovenian historians, such as Bogo Grafenauer and Peter Štih, entered into open polemics with the creators of the theory. On the other hand, many prominent public figures publicly supported the claims advanced by the Venetic theory, among them the designer Oskar Kogoj, authors Zorko Simčič and Lucijan Vuga, and politician Zmago Jelinčič Plemeniti. In the 1990s, the theory gained institutional support of the World Slovenian Congress, publishing much of the literature advocating the theory and organizing international symposiums. The theory has also gained support in some nationalist circles. However, the theory does not have widespread support in Slovenia and has been rejected by mainstream historiography.

</doc>
<doc id="19705529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705529" title="Gustav Wagner (disambiguation)">
Gustav Wagner (disambiguation)

Gustav Wagner (1911–1980) was an Austrian Nazi SS officer, deputy commander of Sobibor extermination camp, and Holocaust perpetrator.
Gustav Wagner may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19705538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705538" title="Camp Hill, Halifax">
Camp Hill, Halifax

Camp Hill (also, formerly, "Wind Mill Hill") is a small hill on the Halifax Peninsula, Nova Scotia. Historically, much of the hill was part of the Halifax Common, and is today home to a number of public institutions. The topography of the area has been greatly altered over time, with the construction of large hospital and high school buildings. The Camp Hill area is roughly enclosed within two city blocks; the Camp Hill Cemetery, and the block bounded by Robie Street, Summer Street, Bell Road, and Veterans Memorial Lane (originally the eastern terminus of Jubilee Road, renamed in 1999).

</doc>
<doc id="19705577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19705577" title="Don Quixote (unfinished film)">
Don Quixote (unfinished film)

Don Quixote is an unfinished film project produced, written and directed by Orson Welles. Principal photography was between 1957 and 1969; while test footage was filmed as early as 1955, second-unit photography was done as late as 1972, and Welles was working on the film on and off until his death in 1985.
Television project - "Don Quixote Passes By".
"Don Quixote" was initially conceived in 1955 as a 30-minute film for CBS entitled "Don Quixote Passes By". Rather than offer a literal adaptation of the Miguel de Cervantes novel, Welles opted to bring the characters of Don Quixote and Sancho Panza into the modern age as living anachronisms. Welles explained his idea in an interview, stating: "My Don Quixote and Sancho Panza are exactly and traditionally drawn from Cervantes, but are nonetheless contemporary." Welles later elaborated to Peter Bogdanovich, "What interests me is the "idea" of these dated old virtues. And why they still seem to speak to us when, by all logic, they're so hopelessly irrelevant. That's why I've been obsessed for so long with "Don Quixote"...character can't "ever" be contemporary - that's really the idea. He never was. But he's alive somehow, and he's riding through Spain even now...The anachronism of Don Quixote's knightly armor in what was Cervantes' own modern time doesn't show up very sharply now. I've simply translated the anachronism. My film demonstrates that he and Sancho Panza are eternal."
Welles shot colour test footage in the Bois de Boulogne with Russian-born American actor Mischa Auer as Don Quixote and Russian character actor Akim Tamiroff as Sancho Panza; Auer had previously acted in Welles' "Mr. Arkadin", while Tamiroff had first worked with Welles on "Black Magic", and had appeared in Welles' film "Mr. Arkadin" (and would appear in his later films "Touch of Evil" and "The Trial"). It was the first time Welles had filmed in colour since the ill-fated production of "It's All True" in 1942. However, representatives from CBS viewed unedited film and were unhappy with Welles' concept, cancelling the project. The original colour test shots with Auer were subsequently lost, and are no longer believed to exist.
Change to a feature film.
Welles decided to push ahead by expanding the production into a feature film, made in black and white. Singer/actor Frank Sinatra (an old friend who Welles had first befriended when the two were newcomers to Hollywood in the early 1940s) invested US$25,000 in the new film, with Welles providing additional self-funding derived from his work as an actor.
Production.
On 29 June 1957, after having been removed from his own film "Touch of Evil", Welles headed to Mexico City to begin work on the feature-length version of "Don Quixote". The part of Don Quixote had been offered to Charlton Heston, who had just finished filming "Touch of Evil" with Welles, and Heston was keen on playing the role, but was only available for two weeks, which Welles feared would be insufficient. Spanish actor Francisco Reiguera was cast as Don Quixote and Akim Tamiroff remained as Sancho Panza. Welles also brought in child actress Patty McCormack to play Dulcie, an American girl visiting Mexico City as the city's central framing device. During her visit, Dulcie would encounter Welles (playing himself) in a hotel lobby, on the hotel patio and in a horse-drawn carriage, and he would tell her the story of Don Quixote. She would then meet Don Quixote and Sancho Panza in the present day, and would later tell Welles of her adventures with them.
Welles worked without a finished script, shooting improvised sequences on the street. Much of the footage was shot with silent 16mm equipment, with Welles planning to dub the dialogue at a later date. As the production evolved, Welles told film critic André Bazin that he saw his "Don Quixote" being created in the improvisational style of silent comedy films. The bulk of filming occurred in Mexico in two blocks in late 1957. The first was between early July 1957 and his return to Hollywood on 28 August, while the second was in September and October 1957. Filming in Mexico occurred in Puebla, Tepoztlán, Texcoco and Río Frio.
However, Welles’ production was forced to stop due to problems with financing. At this stage the project was supervised by Mexican producer Oscar Dancigers, and after Welles went over budget by some $5,000, Dancigers suspended filming, before pulling out of the project entirely. Thereafter, Welles produced the film himself. Welles became preoccupied with other projects, including attempts to salvage "Touch of Evil". In a bid to raise more funds, Welles threw himself into money-making assignments, acting in films including "The Long, Hot Summer", "Compulsion" and "Ferry to Hong Kong", narrating films including "The Vikings" and "King of Kings", and directing the stage plays "Five Kings" and "Rhinoceros" When money was available, he switched the location shooting to Spain. As time went by, McCormack matured out of childhood, forcing Welles to drop her character from the film. In later years, he stated that he wished to re-film her scenes, plus some new ones, with his daughter Beatrice Welles (who had a small part in his "Chimes at Midnight"). However, he never did so, and by the late 1960s Beatrice also grew out of childhood.
During the 1960s, Welles shot fragments of "Don Quixote" in Spain (Pamplona, Málaga and Seville) and Italy (Rome, Manziana and Civitavecchia) as his schedule and finances allowed; he even found time to film sequences (reported as being ""the prologue and epilogue"") while on vacation in Málaga commuting all the while to Paris to oversee the post-production work on his 1962 adaptation of "The Trial". Welles continued to show Don Quixote and Sancho Panza in the present day, where they react with bafflement at such inventions as motor scooters, airplanes, automobiles, radio, television, cinema screens and missiles. Welles never filmed a literal version of the famous scene in which Quixote duels with windmills, he instead made a modern-day version of it in which Quixote walks into a cinema. Sancho Panza and Patty McCormack's character are sat in the audience, watching the screen in silent amazement. A battle scene plays onscreen, and Quixote mistakes this for the real thing, trying to do battle with the screen and tearing it to pieces with his sword.
The production became so prolonged that Reiguera, who was seriously ailing by the end of the 1960s, asked Welles to finish shooting his scenes before his health gave out. Welles was able to complete the scenes involving Reiguera prior to the actor’s death in 1969. However, as Welles shot most of the footage silently, he seldom filmed the original actors' dialogue. He intended to dub the voices himself (as he did on many of his films, including "Macbeth", "Othello", "The Trial" and "The Deep"), combining his narration with his voicing all the characters, but only ever did so for some limited portions of the film.
The financial struggles of "Don Quixote" are mentioned in the film "Ed Wood" (1994).
Changing concept, and unfinished work.
Although principal photography ended after Reiguera’s passing, Welles never brought forth a completed version of the film. As the years passed, he insisted that he was keen to complete the film, but it is clear that the concept changed several times. Welles stressed that unlike some of his other films, he was under no deadlines and regarded the film as "My own personal project, to be completed in my own time, as one might with a novel", since he was not contracted to any studio and had privately financed the picture himself.
At one point in the 1960s, Welles planned to end his version by having Don Quixote and Sancho Panza surviving an atomic cataclysm, but the sequence was never shot. As Welles deemed that principal photography was complete by 1969, it is likely that by this stage he had changed his conception of the ending.
In 1972, Welles dispatched his cinematographer Gary Graver to Seville, to shoot the Holy Week procession and some inserts of windmills for the film - although this footage has since been lost.
By the early 1980s, he was looking to complete the picture as an "essay film" in the style of his "F for Fake" and "Filming Othello", using the footage of Don Quixote and Sancho Panza to compare the values of Cervantes' Spain, Franco's Spain (when the film was set), and modern-day Spain post-Franco. Welles himself explained, "I keep changing my approach, the subject takes hold of me and I grow dissatisfied with the old footage. I once had a finished version where the Don and Sancho go to the Moon, but then United States went to the Moon, which ruined it, so I scrapped ten reels minutes. Now I am going to make it a film essay about the pollution of old Spain. But it's personal to me." However, he never filmed any of the footage necessary for this later variation.
One possible explanation for the film's lack of completion was offered by Welles' comments to his friend and colleague Dominique Antoine - he told her that he could only complete "Don Quixote" if he one day decided "not" to return to Spain, since every fresh visit gave him a new perspective, with new concepts for the film. At the time of his death, he was still discussing doing more filming for "Don Quixote", and had produced over 1,000 pages of script for the project.
The endless delay in completing the project spurred the filmmaker to consider calling the project "When Are You Going to Finish Don Quixote?", referring to the question he was tired of hearing. (It is unclear whether or not Welles was joking about this.) Up until his death in 1985, Welles was still publicly talking about bringing the unfinished work to completion.
In May 1986, the first public exhibition of the "Don Quixote" footage was shown at the Cannes Film Festival. The footage consisted of 45 minutes of scenes and outtakes from the film, assembled by the archivists from the Cinémathèque Française and supervised by the director Costa-Gavras.
"Don Quijote de Orson Welles" by Jesus Franco.
In 1990, Spanish producer Patxi Irigoyen and director Jesús Franco acquired the rights to some of the extant footage of the Don Quixote project. Material was provided to them by numerous sources including Oja Kodar, the Croatian actress who was Welles' mistress and collaborator in his later years, and Suzanne Cloutier, the Canadian actress who played Desdemona in Welles' film version of "Othello". In his will, Welles left Kodar the rights to all his unfinished film projects (including "Don Quixote") and she was keen to see it completed. She spent the late 1980s touring Europe in a camper van with her "Don Quixote " footage, and approached several notable directors to complete the project. All of them declined for various reasons - except Franco. Franco seemed a logical choice, as he had worked as Welles' Second Unit Director on his "Chimes at Midnight".
However, Irigoyen and Franco were unable to obtain the footage with McCormack, which included a scene where Don Quixote destroys a movie screen that is showing a film of knights in battle. This footage, along with all footage featuring Patty McCormack, was held by Italian film editor Mauro Bonanni (who had worked on the film in Rome in 1969), who was engaged in a legal dispute with Kodar over the rights to the film. He refused to allow its incorporation into the Irigoyen-Franco project, although he would later permit some scenes to be shown on Italian television. As a consequence of this litigation between Kodar and Bonanni, Kodar insisted that none of the footage with Patty McCormck should be used.
Irigoyen and Franco faced several problems in putting the Welles footage together. Welles had worked in three different formats – 35mm, 16mm and Super 16mm – which created inconsistent visual quality. The wildly varying storage conditions of this footage had further exacerbated the variable visual quality. The lack of a screenplay also hampered efforts. Welles recorded less than an hour's soundtrack where he read a narration and provided dialogue for the main characters, but the rest of the footage was silent. A new script was created by Franco and voiceover actors were brought in to fill the silence left by Welles’ incomplete work, although their impressions of Welles' narration and Welles' Quixote/Sancho Panza voices were far from convincing, especially when intercut with the original recordings. Joseph McBride refers to the soundtrack of Franco's version as "an off-putting melange of dubbed voices." A further controversy was the inclusion by Franco of footage of Welles filming in Spain, taken from a documentary he had made on Spain in the 1960s. Welles had not intended to appear in the film himself, other than in its framing scenes as the narrator, and yet the Irigoyen/Franco film features several scenes with Quixote and Sancho Panza on Spanish streets, with Welles apparently looking on. Additionally, Franco inserts a windmill scene into the film, even though Welles had not filmed one or ever intended to film one - the scene relies on footage of Quixote charging across plains, interspersed with windmill images (which were not filmed by Welles), zooms and jump cuts.
Furthermore, Welles feared a repetition of the experience of having the film re-edited by someone else (as had happened to him on "The Magnificent Ambersons", "The Stranger", "The Lady from Shanghai", "Macbeth", "Mr. Arkadin" and "Touch of Evil)", so he divided up all the reels of film for "Don Quixote" and deliberately mislabelled many of them, telling Mauro Bonanni, "If someone finds them, they mustn't understand the sequence, because only "I" know that."
The Irigoyen and Franco work premiered at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival as "Don Quixote de Orson Welles", with English- and Spanish-language versions produced. Initial reaction was predominantly negative, and this version was never theatrically released in the U.S. In September 2008, a U.S. DVD edition was released as "Orson Welles' Don Quixote" by Image Entertainment. The footage of Don Quixote in the cinema that is in Bonanni's possession has turned up on YouTube.
Spanish film critic Juan Cobos saw a rough cut of Welles' unfinished footage (which he praised very highly), and stated that the 1992 edit by Franco bore little resemblance to it. Similarly, Jonathan Rosenbaum describes the 45 minutes of footage assembled in 1986 as being vastly superior to the Franco edit.
Surviving footage.
The full surviving footage shot by Welles is split between several different locations. Oja Kodar has deposited some material with the Munich Film Museum, but in the course of making "Don Quijote de Orson Welles" she had earlier sold much of the footage to the Filmoteca Española in Madrid, whose holdings include around 40 minutes edited and dubbed by Welles. Welles' own editing workprint is held by the Cinémathèque Française in Paris. Additional footage is held by Mauro Bonnani in Italy, and in at least one other private collection.

</doc>
