<doc id="19735547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735547" title="Peter Green discography">
Peter Green discography

This is a discography for Peter Green, the founder and original lead guitarist of Fleetwood Mac in the late 1960s. During the late 1970s and early 1980s, he enjoyed a brief solo career, before further success in the late 1990s with the Peter Green Splinter Group.
Guest contributions and other groups (albums unless stated otherwise).
With Peter B's Looners
With John Mayall
With Eddie Boyd 
With Duster Bennett
With Gordon Smith
With Otis Spann
With Brunning Sunflower Blues Band
With Clifford Davis
With Gass
With Jeremy Spencer
With Peter Bardens
With Memphis Slim
With B. B. King
With Dave Kelly
With Country Joe McDonald
With Toe Fat
With Richard Kerr
With Duffo
With Mick Fleetwood
With Brian Knight
With SAS Band
With Dick Heckstall-Smith
With Chris Coco
With Peter Gabriel

</doc>
<doc id="19735550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735550" title="2009 Ulster Senior Football Championship">
2009 Ulster Senior Football Championship

The 2009 Ulster Senior Football Championship was the 121st installment of the annual Ulster Senior Football Championship held under the auspices of the Ulster GAA. It was won by Tyrone who defeated Antrim in the final. Antrim were appearing in their first final since 1970. The winning Tyrone team received the Anglo-Celt Cup, and automatically advanced to the quarter-final stage of the 2009 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
Teams who lost at the preliminary round, quarter-final or semi-final stages entered Round 1 of the All-Ireland Qualifiers. The beaten Ulster finalists entered at Round 3. Successfully advancing through the Qualifiers allowed a team to reach the All-Ireland quarter-finals.
The draw for the 2009 Ulster Senior Football Championship was made along with the other three provincial draws on 8 October 2008 at Croke Park in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="19735555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735555" title="Huachi County">
Huachi County

Huachi County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Qingyang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 745600, and its population in 1999 was 124,229 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735580" title="Arnica latifolia">
Arnica latifolia

Arnica latifolia is a species of arnica known by the common names Broadleaf Arnica, Broad Leaved Arnica, Mountain Arnica, and Daffodil Leopardbane. It is native to western North America from Alaska to New Mexico, where it grows in mountain habitat such as forest and meadows. 
This is a perennial herb growing from a long rhizome and producing a hairy, mostly naked stem 10 to 50 centimeters tall. It has a cluster of leaves around its base and usually a few pairs along the lower part of the stem. The leaves are lance-shaped to broad and nearly heart-shaped, and are usually toothed. 
The inflorescence contains one or more daisylike flower heads lined in glandular phyllaries. Each has a center of yellow disc florets and several yellow ray florets up to 3 centimeters long. The fruit is an achene with a white pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19735584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735584" title="Satsvarupa das">
Satsvarupa das

It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19735622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735622" title="Audi Steppenwolf">
Audi Steppenwolf

The Audi Steppenwolf was a concept car produced by Audi and presented at the Paris Motor Show in 2001. The Steppenwolf was a study for a three-door compact crossover SUV based on the Volkswagen Group PQ34 platform used in the contemporary Audi A3 and Audi TT. Powered by a 3.2L V6 engine with four-wheel drive, the Steppenwolf had several novel features, including four-level adjustable air suspension (similar to the Audi allroad quattro), a removable carbon fibre hardtop or optional soft top, and an electro-hydraulic parking brake.
The Steppenwolf didn't result directly in a production model. However, six years later, Audi presented the Audi Cross Coupé quattro, another concept car in the same class, and is planning a production version expected to be called the Audi Q3 for 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="19735623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735623" title="Heshui County">
Heshui County

Heshui County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Qingyang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 745400, and its population in 1999 was 163,424 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735666" title="Indoor cycling at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Indoor cycling at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Indoor cycling (Artistic cycling and Cycle ball) at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Luso-Chinese School Pavilion, Macau, China from 26 October to 27 October 2007.
Results.
Artistic cycling.
Men's singles.
October 27
Men's pair.
October 27
Women's singles.
October 27
Women's pair.
October 27
Cycle ball.
Preliminary.
October 26

</doc>
<doc id="19735668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735668" title="Coat of arms of Kortrijk">
Coat of arms of Kortrijk

The Coat of arms of the city of Kortrijk goes back to the family coat of arms of the 12th century viscounts of Kortrijk.
The heraldic description of it goes as follows: <br>
"In silver and copper and with a sculpted border of deep red. The shield is topped with a city crown with 5 towers of silver and is guarded by two ‘wildemannen’ in flesh colour, each clothed and crowned with oak leaves in emerald and leaning on a club of natural colour".

</doc>
<doc id="19735685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735685" title="Pinchas Cohen Gan">
Pinchas Cohen Gan

Pinchas Cohen Gan () (born 1942) is an Israeli painter and mixed-media artist.
Biography.
Pinhas Cohen Gan was born 1942in Meknes, Morocco. He immigrated to Israel in 1949. He studied at the Bezalel Academy of Art and Design in Jerusalem and at the Central School of Art and Design in London prior to receiving a baccalaureate in social science and the history of art at Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1973.
During the 1970s Gan created a number of installations and other conceptual activities, among them "The Dead Sea Project," "Touching the Border," and activities in refugee camps in Jericho which combined the social, political, and ecological dimensions of art. Along with the artistic discussion, his works showed both the conceptual and abstract and metaphorical allegories of alienation, ejection, and life in a hostile environment. 
In 1975, Gan returned to painting and drawing, often employing faceless figures as symbols in a non-specific space. From 1975 to 1977, he studied with Meyer Schapiro (1904–1996) at Columbia University in New York City, receiving an MFA in 1977.
From the end of the 1980s Cohen Gan's works concentrate on images of man and on his anonymity, described in philosophical and Ars Poetica terms. These works use a combination of different techniques and are in expressive style. Many of Cohen Gan's works are parts of large series of works, and in them and different variations on them, we see both formal and ideological themes together. 
In addition to his artistic works, Cohen Gan has published a number of research projects and texts combining views on the aesthetics, sociology, and philosophy of art. He currently resides in Tel Aviv.
i

</doc>
<doc id="19735690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735690" title="Gerald Tsai">
Gerald Tsai

Gerald Tsai Jr. (蔡至勇 Cai Zhiyong, March 10, 1929 – July 9, 2008) was an American financier and philanthropist who helped make Fidelity Investments into a mutual fund powerhouse. Tsai pioneered the use of performance funds in money management during the 1950s and 1960s, and later turned a canning company into financial services giant Primerica. 
After starting Fidelity Investments' first publicly sold aggressive growth fund in 1958, the Fidelity Capital Fund, he later founded the investment management firm the Manhattan Fund, an aggressive growth fund, in 1965. An early proponent of momentum investing, Tsai's specialty was concentrating his portfolios on narrow batches of glamour stocks, including Xerox and Polaroid Corporation, at a time when broad diversification was the prevailing wisdom.
Early career.
Tsai joined Fidelity Management and Research in 1952, and was named vice president in 1960. By 1965, Tsai had sold his Fidelity stock and started the Manhattan Fund which won him widespread attention. When the fund first offered shares, a modest offering of 2.5 million shares quickly ballooned to a total of 27 million, bringing the fund $247 million in capital and representing what was at the time the biggest offering of an investment company. In 1968, he sold the fund for $27 million in stock to the CNA Financial Corporation, just as the fund's superior results were declining and as the bull market was starting to wane. He remained with Tsai Management, the company he had founded to manage the Manhattan Fund, after the sale, and resigned in 1973. In 1978, Tsai acquired a small insurance company, Associated Madison, for $2.2 million and sold it four years later to American Can Company for $162 million.
Primerica.
Tsai became Vice Chairman of American Can Company - a former component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average - in 1982. Tsai later gained control of the company. American Can was a container production and food packaging business, and Tsai orchestrated its shift toward the more lucrative financial services sector. In 1997, Tsai purchased the financial firm Smith Barney for $475 million. By this time, the combined company had changed its name to Primerica to reflect its financial focus and Tsai was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, making him the first Chinese-American to lead a Dow Jones Industrials company. A year later, Primerica and Commercial Credit Group, headed by Sanford I. Weill were combined in a $1.65 billion deal. With 1.5 million shares, Tsai remained the largest shareholder and was named a director, while Weill ran the company. Tsai received a golden parachute worth an estimated $40 million.
Other business interests.
Later in his life, Tsai re-entered the insurance industry, becoming Chief Executive Officer of the Delta Life Corporation. In 1997, Tsai sold Delta Life to AmerUs Life Holdings for $185 million. Tsai was on the Board of Directors of numerous companies including Apollo Investment Corporation, Rite Aid, Saks, United Rentals and Zenith Insurance Company.
Philanthropy.
Tsai was actively involved in philanthropy through the Gerald Tsai Foundation.
Tsai was a trustee of Boston University from 1967 to 1977, and from 1988 to 2002. Tsai served as an honorary member of the board until his death. The Tsai family donated $7.5 million to the university to establish the Tsai Performance Center and Tsai Fitness Center.
Tsai served on the Board of Trustees of the School of Medicine Foundation Board and the NYU Langone Medical Center, where he established the Gerald Tsai Transplantation Unit. Tsai also served on the Board of Trustees of the Norton Museum of Art and was a member of the Board of Overseers of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Personal life.
Tsai was married four times. In 2006, Tsai was engaged to Sharon Bush, the former wife of President George W. Bush's brother, Neil Bush. The marriage was called off in 2008 after a high-profile breakup that resulted in a legal battle over an 11-carat-canary-diamond ring that Tsai gave to Ms. Bush and demanded back. The New York Times and CBS News reported that the investor sued Ms. Bush in Manhattan Supreme Court after she refused to return the ring.
Death.
Christopher Tsai, a hedge fund manager and president of Tsai Capital, said his father died in Manhattan of multiple organ failure on July 9, 2008. Besides Christopher, he is survived by two other children.

</doc>
<doc id="19735735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735735" title="Kentucky Route 393">
Kentucky Route 393

Kentucky Route 393 (KY 393) is a state highway in Oldham County, Kentucky, United States. Its northern terminus is US 42. From there it continues south to a overlap with KY 146 in Buckner. It then splits south to continue for where it junctions KY 22 near Centerfield. It follows KY 22 east for until it splits to the south. It continues south and then terminates at Mount Zion Road. There are no low clearances or weight limits on this particular state route. As of 2009, this route has been relocated and improved. From the interchange of Interstate 71, it has been widened to three lanes with a center turn lane. It has been improved to the junction of State Route 22.
It serves the following:
Oldham County Middle and High Schools and a connector route from Goshen to Buckner.

</doc>
<doc id="19735736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735736" title="Aegista vulgivaga">
Aegista vulgivaga

Aegista vulgivaga is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae. 
Anatomy.
Snails in this species create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.
Distribution.
This species of snail is endemic to Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19735740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735740" title="Bulinus wrighti">
Bulinus wrighti

Bulinus wrighti is a species of small tropical air-breathing freshwater snail with a sinistral shell, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ramshorn snails and their allies.
Distribution.
The type locality is Wadi Hatib, at about 1280 m,southeast of Nisab District, Upper Aulaqui District at Rassais, South Yemen.

</doc>
<doc id="19735755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735755" title="Schultz &amp; Larsen">
Schultz &amp; Larsen

Schultz & Larsen is a Danish rifle and silencer manufacturer that originally was located in the city of Otterup, but as of 1994 have been located in the town of Rask Mølle in the mid East of Jutland near Horsens. Manufacture is split between two sites in the locale.
The company was founded in 1919 by Hans Christian Schultz (1864–1937) and Niels Larsen (1889–1969). Following the Treaty of Versailles plenty of German machinery was sold abroad for scrap. Schultz and Larsen acquired a suitable set for manufacturing rifles and started producing small caliber target rifles. The company also acted as an important sub contractor to Theodor Bergmann's German company, among other things they produced the MP35 submachinegun and the gun barrels to the MG 15 machine gun.
After WW2 the production switched to mainly hunting rifles, and a range of target rifles based on M98 Mauser actions, initially using components from Kar 98k rifles left behind in Denmark by German occupying forces. Schultz and Larsen of Denmark also made target rifle conversions of captured Kar 98ks. Early versions, the M52 and M58, were made for service-style target shooting, and used shortened, polished and refurbished Kar 98k stocks combined with new heavy target-weight .30-06 or 6.5x55mm barrels as required. Later versions had new target stocks fitted and were available in .30-06, 6.5x55mm and 7.62 mm NATO, and generally resemble the Norwegian Kongsberg Mauser M59, except there was no upper handguard or cleaning rod. The actions had the German markings removed, were refinished in grey phosphate, and new serial numbers and proof marks applied.
High quality Schultz and Larsen barrels contributed to the development of the British Swing target rifle: "George Swenson had personally acquired the UK concession for Schultz & Larsen products, having known the brothers Larsen for some years. It was in fact the excellence of this firm's cut-rifled barrels, and their capability to extract maximum accuracy from sometimes very indifferent Radway Green government 7.62 NATO ammunition, largely due to the research carried out mainly by George and myself (not to mention help from Wally Middleton, then director of Radway Green) between 1968 and 1970, that helped launch the SWING model Sin 71 Rifle".
While Schultz & Larsen is a very small company, it has focused on high quality weapons and components.

</doc>
<doc id="19735756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735756" title="Moniek Nijhuis">
Moniek Nijhuis

Moniek Nijhuis (born March 20, 1988, Overdinkel, Overijssel) is a Dutch swimmer who specializes in breaststroke. After she had been a professional swimmer, under the guidance of Martin Truijens, for several years she took a break from professional swimming after she had missed out for the 2008 Summer Olympics. She wanted to concentrate more on her study and train less. She still swims at De Dolfijn swimming club in Amsterdam.
Swimming career.
After she won the bronze medal in the 50 m breaststroke at the European Junior Swimming Championships 2003 in Glasgow, Scotland. Nijhuis took part in the European Short Course Swimming Championships 2003 in Dublin, Ireland where she won a bronze medal in the 4×50 m medley alongside Hinkelien Schreuder, Chantal Groot and Marleen Veldhuis. At the European Junior Swimming Championships 2004 in Lisbon, Portugal she won two gold medals in the 50 m, breaking the national record of Madelon Baans, and 100 m breaststroke. In December at the European Short Course Swimming Championships 2004 in Vienna, Austria she won a gold medal in the 4×50 m medley together with Schreuder, Dekker and Veldhuis breaking the world record.
2005/2006.
In 2005 Nijhuis qualified for the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal Canada. She ended 13th in the 50 m breaststroke, the only distance she swam. During the European Short Course Swimming Championships 2005 in Triest, Italy she once again broke the world record in the 4×50 m medley, with the same team as the year before. Individually she ended 7th in the 50 m breaststroke. 
Nijhuis then travelled to Budapest, Hungary for the 2006 European Aquatics Championships. There she ended 6th in the 50 m breaststroke and 25th in the 100 m. With the 4×100 m medley team she ended 5th alongside Hinkelien Schreuder, Inge Dekker and Marleen Veldhuis. At the European Short Course Swimming Championships 2006 in Helsinki, Finland she finished 4th in the 50 m breaststroke and 11th in the 100 m breaststroke.
2007/2008.
After she failed to qualify for the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, Nijhuis bettered the national record in the 50 m and 100 m breaststroke at the Long Course and the 100 m breaststroke at the short course. The European Short Course Swimming Championships 2007 were a big disappointment when she didn't reached any final. 
Nijhuis competed at the 2008 European Aquatics Championships in Eindhoven in her homecountry. She failed to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics when she performed disappointingly in the 100 m breaststroke. In the 50 m breaststroke she ended 6th in the final after she swam a national record in the semifinal. A few weeks after this championships Nijhuis announced that she would make a step back in her career focusing more on her study and put less hours in her swimming career.
2008/2009 season.
Nijhuis broke the national record in the 50 m and 100 m breaststroke (SC) in Aachen at an early season meet. At the Swim Cup Eindhoven 2008 she lowerd the national record in the 50 m breaststroke (LC). The week afterwards she took part in the European Short Course Swimming Championships 2008 in Rijeka, Croatia. There she won her first individual medal, bronze, in the 50 m breaststroke and also reached a 6th place in the 100 m breaststroke, in both events she lowered her own national record. In the 4×50 m medley she won a gold medal alongside Ranomi Kromowidjojo, Hinkelien Schreuder and Marleen Veldhuis equalling the world record that was set by Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19735778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735778" title="Spanish transport Buenos Aires (1887)">
Spanish transport Buenos Aires (1887)

Buenos Aires was a merchant ship requisitioned for use as a transport by the Spanish Navy in June and July 1898 during the Spanish-American War.
"Buenos Aires" was built in 1887 and was in commercial service until the Spanish Navy requisitioned her for Spanish-American War service in June 1898. Serving as a transport, she became part of the relief expedition for the Philippines commanded by Rear Admiral Manuel de Camara and charged with destroying the United States Navy Asiatic Squadron of Commodore George Dewey there, as well as with delivering 4,000 Spanish Army troops to reinforce the Philippines. Camara's squadron—consisting of battleship "Pelayo", armored cruiser "Emperador Carlos V", auxiliary cruisers "Patriota" and "Rapido", destroyers "Audaz", "Osado", and "Proserpina", and transports "Panay", "Alfonso XII", and "Antonio Lopez", and four colliers as well as "Buenos Aires"—sortied from Cadiz on 16 June 1898.
"Buenos Aires" and her consorts passed Gibraltar on 17 June 1898 (first detaching "Alfonso XII" and "Antonio Lopez" to make independent voyages to the Caribbean), and arrived at Port Said, Egypt on 26 June 1898. There Camara requested permission to transship coal, which the Egyptian government finally denied on 30 June 1898 out of concern for Egyptian neutrality.
By the time "Buenos Aires" and the rest of Camara's squadron arrived at Suez on 5 July 1898, the squadron of Vice Admiral Pascual Cervera y Topete had been annihilated in the Battle of Santiago de Cuba, freeing up the U.S. Navy's heavy forces from the blockade of Santiago de Cuba. Fearful for the security of the Spanish coast, the Spanish Ministry of Marine recalled Camara's squadron on 7 July 1898. "Buenos Aires" and the rest of the squadron departed Suez on 11 July 1898 for Spain.
By the end of July 1898, "Buenos Aires" had returned to commercial service. After a long life, she was scrapped in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19735795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735795" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 34">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 34

The 34th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19735808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735808" title="Charles Chapman (aviator)">
Charles Chapman (aviator)

Charles Meredith Bouverie Chapman, MC (9 January 1887 – 1 October 1917) was a British Flying Ace in World War I with seven credited victories.
Background.
Chapman was born in Bridge, Kent, the son of a brewer.
Involvement in World War 1.
Chapman served as a lieutenant in the East Kent Regiment from January 1913 but was transferred to the Royal Flying Corps on 1 July 1915. He qualified as a pilot on 31 July 1915 receiving military flying training at Shorham before being posted to No. 22 Squadron, Royal Flying Corps. On 1 April 1916, Chapman as part of this Squadron was sent to France, based eventually at Bertangles. However Chapman was transferred to 'B' Flight No. 24 Squadron, also based at Bertangles, using Airco DH.2 aircraft. Chapman was successful in destroying three enemy aircraft in a short period, commencing on 22 June 1916, for which he was awarded the Military Cross. 
On detachment in the UK, Chapman served in a number of Training Units and on 1 November 1916 was promoted to the rank of Captain becoming a flight commander. In this capacity, he returned to France in May 1917 to join No. 29 Squadron at Le Hameau, flying Nieuport Scouts. Chapman was credited with all the rest of his victories flying this type of aircraft, like Georg Simon pilot in Manfred von Richthofen's Jagdstaffel 11.
He died of shrapnel injuries received on 1 October 1917 after a German bombing raid on No 29 Sqn's aerodrome at Poperinghe.

</doc>
<doc id="19735820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735820" title="Malcolm Edmonstone">
Malcolm Edmonstone

Malcolm Edmonstone (born 1980, Perth, Scotland) is a British jazz pianist, arranger and educator. In 1998 he moved to London to study at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, where he gained Bachelors and Masters degrees. Today, Malcolm is a key professor in the Guildhall jazz faculty and Artistic Director of Jazz for the National Youth Orchestras of Scotland. He has forged a career as a modern jazz musician, working as a pianist, educator, arranger and musical director in many high profile situations.
Early professional life.
Whilst studying at GSMD, he was called on by Laurie Holloway to cover the piano chair on an international tour with his wife, the late jazz legend Marion Montgomery. Since then Malcolm has continued to work with Laurie on various projects, including the first three series of the BBC1 show "Strictly Come Dancing", where he played piano and arranged a significant portion of the music. During this time Malcolm was writing prolifically and having his arrangements performed live on television to audiences upwards of 10 million.
Dankworth family.
At 21, he met Jacqui Dankworth and soon became her Musical Director. Together they have toured the world and been involved in numerous recording projects, including albums "Detour Ahead" and "Back to you". In 2009, Malcolm had the honour of working alongside the late Sir John Dankworth on Jacqui's 2011 album "It Happens Quietly". They worked together on the arrangements on what proved to be the last of many occasions in which Sir John mentored Malcolm’s development as a writer.
Jazz musician.
Malcolm works with some of the most original musicians in the UK. He is a member of Mike Walker (jazz guitarist)’s Madhouse band, and has played with many of the UK’s leading jazz musicians, including Mark Lockheart, Stan Sulzmann and Iain Dixon. At the 19th meeting of the International Association of Schools of Jazz, Dave Liebman invited Malcolm to play in his only appearance during that conference. In 2011 he appeared at the Royal Opera House in a Masterclass with legendary jazz drummer Peter Erskine and later the same year at the Royal College of Music, as part of their Festival of Percussion.
Recording musician.
In 2011 Malcolm appeared on live TV with Liza Minnelli. His extensive work ranges from recording for BBC Radio 3 with conductor Lorin Maazel to playing on live television with Tony Bennett. He has recorded extensively as a sideman in the jazz and commercial music worlds. He has twice been commissioned by the National Youth Jazz Orchestra of Scotland, the second of which is featured on the disc Scotland Suite. His first album as a leader, featuring Mark Lockheart and Mike Walker, will be released in 2011. As a session musician he has performed with Tony Bennett, Liza Minnelli, Michael Bolton, Cliff Richard, Robin Gibb, David McAlmont, David Arnold, Donny Osmond, Bruce Forsyth, Madeline Bell, Vernon Kaye, Denise Van Outen, Tony Christie and Kenny Lynch.
Professor.
Education has always been a large part of Malcolm’s life – as well permanent positions at the National Youth Jazz Orchestra of Scotland (NYJOS) as a Professor at the Guildhall, he has held many visiting teaching positions, including stints at the Royal Academy of Music, Trinity College of Music, Middlesex University and Birmingham Conservatoire. He is often employed by ABRSM to work with classical peripatetic teachers exploring jazz music.
Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
in 2010 Malcolm was appointed senior professor and is one of three salaried members of the jazz department. The school is regarded as "one of Europer's leading conservatoires" and has a jazz department of considerable repute. As well as teaching piano and ensembles, Malcolm delivers the department's Harmony curriculum, an in depth course broken down into three parts - functional, modal and beyond - a book on the subject has been commissioned and is expected in 2012.
National Youth Orchestras of Scotland.
Since 2006 Malcolm has developed the jazz provision of this long standing organisation. With fellow NYJOS alum Andrew Bain (drummer) the offering has progressed from a 5 day summer school with a small tour to five distinct yet integrated strands - the NYOS Jazz Summer School, open to young improvisers from 12-21; NYJOS Access, a training ensemble for improvisation; NYJOS itself, a flagship jazz orchestra who in recent years have toured with Jacqui Dankworth, Mark Lockheart, Mike Walker, Chris Batchelor and Iain Dixon; and NYJOS Collective, a smaller, advanced and flexible ensemble which is open to conservatoire and university aged alumni of the program. In 2010 the Collective toured with Julian Arguelles. The fifth strand is a series of ongoing workshops in schools across Scotland, led by the directors and other prominent Scottish jazz musicians to encourage improvisation at grass-roots level, both as a support to students and teachers.
Press.
“truly an astonishing musician” The Daily Telegraph 
“combines a mathematical Bach-like precision with a sensuous touch" The Guardian 
"masterful skill as accompanist" Bruce Lindsay, All About Jazz 
'the Malcolm Edmonstone trio is so effortlessly good" Robert Sutton, All About Jazz 
"Edmonstone again excellent throughout" Ian Mann, The Jazzmann 
Discography.
Broadcast.
with Liza Minnelli
with Laurie Holloway
with Jacqui Dankworth
with Michael Bolton
Recordings.
with Jacqui Dankworth
with Laurie Holloway
with Frank Holder
with Tom Rust
with Kate Dimbleby
TV themes.
with Laurie Holloway

</doc>
<doc id="19735823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735823" title="Kentucky Route 2857">
Kentucky Route 2857

Kentucky Route 2857 (KY 2857) is a state maintained route that is primarily a north–south route in Oldham County, Kentucky, United States near Buckner. It begins at its southern terminus at KY 2856 also known as Moody Lane. KY 2857 runs along the edge of a suburban neighborhood, Borowick Farms. It travels north to its northern terminus at New Moody Road where state maintenance ends. New Moody Lane continues east paralleling Interstate 71. KY 2856 is used to connect KY 393 to KY 53 in Oldham County. There are extremely sharp turns and shoulder drop offs. It is two lane its entire stretch. It is not a commonly used commercial motor vehicle route, but it can be utilized as a shorter route if one is travelling from Shelbyville to Buckner. Speed limit is for its entirety.
Route description.
KY 2857 begins at an intersection with KY 2856 near Buckner, heading north on two-lane undivided New Moody Lane. The road runs between the residential Borowick Farms neighborhoods to the west and woods to the east. The route comes to its northern terminus at the end of state maintenance, where New Moody Lane curves to the east and parallels I-71 as it heads to an intersection with KY 53.

</doc>
<doc id="19735829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735829" title="Gulang County">
Gulang County

Gulang County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Wuwei prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 733100, and its population in 2006 was 393,200 people. The county government has control over 9 districts, 250 villages, 1934 other communities.
Geographical location.
The county has a total area of 5103 km² and is 88 km wide. 
History.
Evidence has been found of Gulang being inhabited 4000 years ago, during the Neolithic. 
Economy.
The main economy is agriculture, with 365600 people being employed in agriculture (92.98% of total population).
Ethnic groups.
Among the groups that live in Gulang are the Han, Hui, Tibetans, Mongolians, Togolese people, Turks, and the Yao people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735862" title="Adam Wingard">
Adam Wingard

Adam Wingard (born December 3, 1982) is an American film director, editor, cinematographer, and writer.
Life and career.
Wingard was born in Oak Ridge, Tennessee and graduated from Full Sail University in 2002. 
His first feature, the horror-comedy "Home Sick", starring Bill Moseley and Tiffany Shepis, proved to be a stepping stone to his second feature, the psychotropic ghost story thriller "Pop Skull". Made on a total budget of $2,000, "Pop Skull" had its international premiere at the Rome Film Festival and its domestic premiere at the AFI Film Festival in 2007. "A Horrible Way to Die" (2010) and "What Fun We Were Having" (2011) followed. 
The serial killer love story thriller "A Horrible Way to Die" premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival in the ‘Vanguard’ section and was acquired by Starz/Anchor Bay at the festival for a North American theatrical and home media release. "What Fun We Were Having" is a 4-part anthology dealing with the taboo subject of date rape. The anthology had its premiere at the 2011 Fantastia Film Festival in Montreal where Wingard was honored by the festival with his very own sidebar section: “Medicated Monsters – A Spotlight on Filmmaker Adam Wingard”.
In 2011, Wingard co-directed "Autoerotic" with mumblecore icon (and frequent actor in Wingard films) Joe Swanberg. He was selected to direct one chapter of "The ABCs of Death", a 26-chapter horror anthology for Drafthouse Films and Magnet. His most recent solo directorial effort, "You're Next", a home invasion thriller, premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival as part of the ‘Midnight Madness’ section. The film was acquired by Lionsgate, and received a wide release in August 2013.
Critical acclaim.
Wingard's film "Pop Skull" won the Best Feature Film award at the Indianapolis International Film Festival and the Jury award at the Boston Underground Film Festival.
Wingard's "A Horrible Way to Die" won Best Screenplay (Simon Barrett), Best Actor (A.J. Bowen) and Best Actress (Amy Seimetz) at the 2010 Fantastic Fest in Austin, Texas.
Wingard's "You're Next" won Best Picture, Best Director, Best Screenplay (Simon Barrett), and Best Actress (Sharni Vinson) at the 2011 Fantastic Fest in Austin, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19735873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735873" title="Minqin County">
Minqin County

Minqin County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Wuwei prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 733300, and its population in 1999 was 281,826 people.
In older literature, today's Minqin is referred to as Zhenfan (镇番, Wade-Giles: Chen-fan). According to Pyotr Kozlov, the Mongol name for the city was Sogo Khoto.
Geographically, Minqin county occupies one of Gansu's panhandles, bordering in the north, east, and southeast on the Alashan League of Inner Mongolia.
History.
Historically, Chinese agricultural settlement in the area was made possible by the Shiyang River, flowing from the Qilian Mountains. However, the livelihood of Chinese farmers here was often precarious; 
in the 1920s it was considered as somewhat of a regular famine district. Large number of Zhenfan people, nicknamed "Sand-hollow Mice", worked as "camel-pullers" with caravans owned by Mongols from the adjacent Alashan, or moved—temporarily or permanently—to Xinjiang. For example, as of 1926, the main population of the small oasis of Santanghu (now, officially, Santanghu (三塘湖) township) in what's today Barkol Kazakh Autonomous County of Xinjiang were migrants from Minqin (Zhenfan) and their descendants.
By the late 20th century, the environmental situation in the Minqin area deteriorated, as smaller amounts of the Shiyang River water reached the area, due to the increased irrigation of use of it upstream. Ground water levels fell, and desertification became a serious threat.
Minqin is now identified as one of the major sources of sandstorms in China.

</doc>
<doc id="19735889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735889" title="Shardlow Hall, Derbyshire">
Shardlow Hall, Derbyshire

Shardlow Hall is a 17th-century former country house at Shardlow, Derbyshire now in use as commercial offices. It is a Grade II* listed building which is officially listed on the Buildings at Risk Register.
The house was built in 1684 for Leonard Fosbrooke, originally to an H-plan design with two storeys with parapets and a six-bay entrance front. A series of six Leonard Fosbrookes succeeded to the estate, two of whom served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire. A new seven-bayed west garden front was constructed in 1726, and in the late 18th century the entrance front was extended by the creation of single-storey wings, each terminating in a pedimented two-storey pavilion.
The Fosbrookes moved to Ravenstone Hall and in 1826 sold the house to James Sutton of Shardlow (High Sheriff of Derbyshire) in 1842.
The house ceased use as a residence and was occupied by Shardlow Hall School from 1911 to 1933.
More recently it has been used as commercial offices.

</doc>
<doc id="19735903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735903" title="Arnica mollis">
Arnica mollis

Arnica mollis is a species of arnica known by the common name hairy arnica. It is native to western North America from Alaska to California to Colorado, where it grows in subalpine mountain habitat such as meadows and streambanks. 
It is a perennial herb producing one or more hairy, glandular, mostly naked stems 20 to 60 centimeters tall. There are 3 to 5 pairs of leaves along mainly the lower half of the stem, each oblong in shape and 4 to 20 centimeters in length. 
The inflorescence holds one to a few daisylike flower heads with centers of yellow disc florets and fringes of yellow ray florets. The fruit is an achene with a brownish pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19735911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735911" title="Meinong's jungle">
Meinong's jungle

__NOTOC__
Meinong's jungle is the name given to the repository of non-existent entities in the ontology of Alexius Meinong.
Meinong, an Austrian philosopher active at the turn of the 20th century, believed that since non-existent things could apparently be referred to, they must have some sort of being, which he termed "sosein" ("being so"). A unicorn and a pegasus are both non-being; yet it's true that unicorns have horns and pegasi have wings. Thus non-existent things like unicorns, square circles, and golden mountains can have different properties, and must have a 'being such-and-such' even though they lack 'being' proper. The strangeness of such entities led to this ontological realm being referred to as "Meinong's jungle". The jungle is described in Meinong's work "Über Annahmen" (1902). The name is credited to William C. Kneale, whose "Probability and Induction" (1949) includes the passage "after wandering in Meinong's jungle of subsistence … philosophers are now agreed that propositions cannot be regarded as ultimate entities".
The Meinongian theory of objects ("Gegenstandstheorie") was influential in the debate over sense and reference between Gottlob Frege and Bertrand Russell which led to the establishment of analytic philosophy and contemporary philosophy of language. Russell's theory of descriptions, in the words of P.M.S. Hacker, enables him to "thin out the luxuriant Meinongian jungle of entities (such as the round square), which, it had appeared, must "in some sense" subsist in order to be talked about". According to the theory of descriptions, speakers are not committed to asserting the existence of referents for the names they use.
Meinong's jungle is cited as an objection to Meinong's semantics, as the latter commits one to ontically undesirable objects; it is desirable to be able to speak meaningfully about unicorns, the objection goes, but not to have to believe in them. Nominalists (who believe that general or abstract terms and predicates exist but that either universals or abstract objects do not) find Meinong's jungle particularly unpalatable. As Colin McGinn puts it, "oing naively by the linguistic appearances leads not only to logical impasse but also to metaphysical extravagance - as with Meinong's jungle, infested with shadowy Being." An uneasiness with the ontological commitments of Meinong's theory is commonly expressed in the "bon mot" "we should cut back Meinong's jungle with Occam's razor".
Meinong's jungle was defended by modal realists, whose possible world semantics offered a more palatable variation of Meinong's "Gegenstandstheorie", as Jaakko Hintikka explains:
However, modal realists retain the problem of explaining reference to impossible objects such as square circles. For Meinong, such objects simply have a 'being so' that precludes their having ordinary 'being.' But this entails that 'being so' in Meinong's sense is not equivalent to existing in a possible world.

</doc>
<doc id="19735919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735919" title="The Missouri Harmony">
The Missouri Harmony

The Missouri Harmony, first published in 1820, was the most popular of all frontier shape-note tune books during its reign. The 185 songs compiled in the collection were favorites used in Protestant churches and singing schools, and many were deeply rooted in American culture by the time of its first publication. The story of the book is the story of a burgeoning nation, with its origins in a St. Louis school (where it was introduced by singing master Allen Carden) and its spread along the Mississippi River and its tributaries. It’s said that even Abraham Lincoln and his sweetheart, Ann Rutledge, sang from "The Missouri Harmony" at her father’s tavern in Illinois.
The Original Editions: 1820 through 1850s.
For a while in the early 19th century, St. Louis and the Mississippi Valley frontier set the standard for popular sacred music in America. It began in 1820 with the publication of "The Missouri Harmony", and it lasted for some thirty years, until the folk harmonies of its old spirituals were replaced in popular taste by the parlor songs and stolid Sunday School hymns of the Victorian era. Compiled by Allen D. Carden (1792–1859), "The Missouri Harmony" went through ten editions and at least twenty-three printings between 1820 and 1857, a phenomenal number for the day. Carden biographer David Crouse has called the book “the most popular tune book of the South and West until the Civil War.”
Included in these tune books were ancient psalms like “Old Hundred,” congregational hymns like “All hail the power of Jesus’ name,” vernacular New England choral works by eighteenth-century tunesmiths like William Billings, and a welter of folk hymns out of the Anglo-Celtic oral tradition, including two early settings of “Come thou fount of ev'ry blessing.”
"The Missouri Harmony" reached out throughout the old West, from St. Louis as far upriver as Wisconsin and southeast into Tennessee and what is now called the Deep South. Its popularity began in St. Louis with an ad in "The Missouri Gazette and Public Advertiser" on May 30, 1820, saying that Carden would hold “a School for teaching the theory and practice of Vocal Music” that day in the city’s Baptist church “at 3 o’clock P.M. and by candlelight the same evening.” He had his new tune books with him. The full title of the volume read THE MISSOURI HARMONY, OR A CHOICE COLLECTION OF PSALM TUNES, HYMNS, AND ANTHEMS, SELECTED FROM THE MOST EMINENT AUTHORS, AND WELL ADAPTED TO ALL CHRISTIAN CHURCHES, SINGING SCHOOLS, AND PRIVATE SOCIETIES (original capitals).
Carden, the compiler of the first edition of 1820, was also listed as the publisher. In 1831 Cincinnati booksellers and publishers Morgan and Sanxay received a copyright on May 21, 1831 as proprietors of "The Missouri Harmony". Except for one correction from the first edition to the second, there is no evidence that the book was revised until 1835, when the publishers hired an anonymous “amateur” to add a thirty-eight-page supplement. The supplement began its pagination at number 1 and had its own index.
In 1850 a new edition appeared, with harmonies revised by “scientific musician” Charles Warren of Cincinnati, who purported to correct “several errors in the harmony.” While Warren tried to preserve the “old melodies . . . which identified with our most hallowed emotions, and which [were undoubtedly more suited to solemn worship than perhaps any other selection,” some of the perceived errors he corrected were simply the harmonies that had given the old songs much of their character. The melodic nature of each vocal line was far more interesting to the individual singer, which the Warren edition changed to dullness. The revised "Missouri Harmony" went through three or four more printings in the 1850s, then lapsed out of print entirely. By attempting to modernize the book, and thus extend its life, the Warren-ization sounded its death knell.
Carden, a Tennessean, didn’t stay in St. Louis for long. By 1822 he was back at home, peddling tune books and conducting singing schools in Nashville. "The Missouri Harmony" was actually printed in Cincinnati (because of access to the specialized shape-note type fonts), so in a way its title is a misnomer. But it put Missouri squarely on the map of American musical history. "The Missouri Harmony" was the most popular collection of sacred music among the settlers who pushed the frontier up the Mississippi and its tributaries. Many of the songs were already old by 1820, and the music was deeply American. In time, composer Virgil Thompson would find in the old shape-note hymns “the musical basis of almost everything we make, of Negro spirituals, of cowboy songs, of popular ballads, of blues, of hymns, of doggerel ditties, of all our operas and symphonies.” Certainly their vernacular idiom was absorbed into the sinews and marrow of midwestern culture.
Abe Lincoln and "The Missouri Harmony".
"The Missouri Harmony" was on hand in the 1830s in New Salem, Illinois. Legend has it that Abraham Lincoln and his sweetheart Ann Rutledge sang from it. Carl Sandburg, a musician, poet, and biographer of Abraham Lincoln’s prairie years, noted:
Rutledges sang from a book, ‘The Missouri Harmony,’ printed and published by Morgan and Sanxay in Cincinnati. It was “a collection of psalm and hymn tunes, and anthems, from eminent authors: with an introduction to the grounds and rudiments of music, and a supplement of admired tunes and choice pieces of sacred music. According to another story, young Lincoln parodied a song in the old tune book. He’d “tip his chair and roar it out at the top of his voice, over and over again, just for fun.” 
Lincoln, let it be recorded, had a terrible singing voice. Sandburg wrote about the sixteenth United States president: “His voice was tenor in pitch, and managed tunes in a reciting, singsong tone. A song titled ‘Legacy’ was a favorite with groups who heard him substitute his own words ‘old gray’ for the regular words ‘red grape’ in the hymn.” The song was arranged by Irish poet Thomas Moore, who titled it “The Legacy” (it is named “Legacy” in "The Missouri Harmony"), and it entered the oral tradition in the countryside around New Salem.
On a visit home in 1914, poet Edgar Lee Masters heard the same tune played by a local fiddler whose father had been a close friend of Lincoln’s in his New Salem days. It belongs to a family of fiddle tunes that includes “How Shall We Abstain from Whiskey,” and “St. Patrick’s Day in the Morning,” but Masters’ fiddle-playing friend used Moore’s lyrics and called the song “Missouri Harmony.”
Compilation of the Songs.
“Legacy” is one of only a few secular songs in the book. Most of the music comes from early New England religious composers such as Billings and southern folk hymn compilers who followed their lead. They wrote in a folk, or vernacular, tradition of arranging for three or four parts, giving each its own distinctive line. This music was, quite literally, written to be enjoyed by amateur singers, and it is in this tradition that Allen Carden compiled "The Missouri Harmony" in 1820.
In "The Missouri Harmony", the parts freely cross one another—a bass, for example, might find himself singing a higher note than the tenors. In fact, the dispersed harmony determined the oblong shape of the tune books, with a staff for each part so that singers would always know exactly which notes they ought to be singing.
Carden not only copied the old New England compositions but also took folk melodies that were circulating in the oral tradition and wrote a high harmony part (treble) above and a low harmony part (bass) below the tenor’s melody, much as a bluegrass gospel band does today. The harmonies in their folk hymns and camp meeting songs stand alone as distinct and often very catchy melodies. As in New England, a good proportion of the songs were in a minor key that reflected the modal harmonies of the Anglo-Celtic oral tradition.
Carden’s borrowing from other sources was typical of all collections in the shape-note vernacular. The Sacred Harp, currently the most widely used four-shape book, included some sixty-five tunes from "The Missouri Harmony" in its debut edition of 1844. In 1944, shape-note authority George Pullen Jackson speculated on the influence of previous books on "The Sacred Harp", “It is … quite likely that many copies of the old, frequently reprinted "Missouri Harmony" were still in use in the Sacred Harp territory during the 1840s and 1850s.” As Ernst C. Krohn noted in his 1949 article in the "Bulletin of the Missouri Historical Society", “The 1936 edition of the Original Sacred Harp abounds in references to "The Missouri Harmony" that justify its position as one of the outstanding sacred collections of its period. Not only that, it is also one of the earliest documents in the musical life of the English-speaking elements in Missouri Territory.”
As he noted on the 1820 title page, Carden took special care to select tunes appropriate for “all Christian churches, singing schools, and private societies.” "The Missouri Harmony" was most commonly used in singing schools where the singing master used the different shaped note heads as a solfège system to help those unschooled in sight singing. Shape notes were known by other names as well. They were also called patent notes because they were registered with the U.S. Patent Office in the absence of effective copyright protection and buckwheat notes, for their perceived resemblance to the angular grain.
Following in the footsteps of "The Easy Instructor", Carden’s tune book used note heads of four different shapes to denote the scale. As singing-school students recognized the shapes, they found it easier to sound the intervals. The importance of singing-school masters in the history of vocal music is summed up Edward Birge in "History of Public School Music in the United States": “Collectively they did a useful and indispensable work; for they not only helped to bring order out of chaos in church singing, but they laid the first foundations of technical knowledge of music, they kindled the musical imagination of the people, and afforded glimpses of some of the artistic possibilities latent within themselves.”
Typical of 19th-century singing schools was one recalled by a local historian in White County, Illinois, in the southeastern corner of the state. “The old-time method of conducting singing school was . . . plodding and heavy, the attention being kept upon the simplest rudiments, as the names of the notes on the staff, and their pitch, and beating time, while comparatively little attention was given to expression and light, gleeful music.” But the youngsters loved it.
Along the Sangamon River in central Illinois, old settlers remembered a singing master who “taught vocal music by the ‘patent’ or ‘buckwheat’ notes, the old ‘Missouri Harmony’ being the work generally used.” Most of the tunes were “in the minor strain, and as the young folk flocked in for miles around, crowding the houses where they were held,” the singing was loud enough to “waken the echoes.”
Loud participatory singing was the order of the day in singing schools, worship services, and—perhaps most of all—outdoor camp meetings. The shape-note tune books were used primarily in singing schools (at least in what is now the Midwest), while a practice known as “lining out” prevailed almost exclusively in church and “call and response” at camp meetings.
New Fangled Replaces Old Fashioned.
Over time, musical taste changed. By the mid-19th century, the minor-key melodies and dark, untamed folk harmonies of the old shape-note repertory seemed quaint and unschooled alongside the Victorian hymns coming into vogue. Some, like Michael See, tried to stem the tide, said Russell Nye, a Methodist minister whose grandparents shared stories of pioneer days near the Sauk-Fox Indian agency and Wapello County, Iowa. A century later, folks still liked to tell the story of the time See, a circuit riding preacher, found a new reed organ in one of his churches near Iowa City: “He rolled the organ out to the woodshed and broke it up with an ax,” said Nye. “When the people came to the service that evening, no mention was made of the organ.” In time, trained choirs, organs, and the newer, more genteel music won out.
Ironically, books like "The Missouri Harmony" helped get the changes started by teaching people to sing three- and four-part harmony by note instead of merely following a lined-out hymn in unison. But further changes were coming. By the 1830s, educators such as Lowell Mason, who designed the first music curriculum for the public schools in Boston and wrote Victorian chestnuts like “My Faith Looks Up to Thee,” were calling for a scientific approach to harmony grounded in English, German and Italian theories of the day.
One of Mason’s innovations was an insistence that open harmonies be completed by adding the third, thus making what he perceived as a fuller, sweeter-sounding chord. Another effectively did away with dispersed harmony by adding a soprano part to carry the melody and simplifying the harmony parts so that they supported the soprano. As a perhaps unintended consequence, church music lost the melodic variety that had such great appeal to singers in the old tradition.
Not everyone agreed that the new style of music was an improvement. The local historian who spoke of singing schools in White County, Illinois, also recalled that Mason’s "Carmina Sacra" replaced "The Missouri Harmony" in the 1850s: “"The Carmina Sacra" was the pioneer round-note book in which the tunes partook more of the German or Puritan character, and were generally regarded by the old folks as being far more spiritless than the old ‘Pisgah,’ ‘Fiducia,’ ‘Tender Thought,’ ‘New Durham,’ ‘Windsor,’ ‘Mount Sion,’ ‘Devotion,’ etc., of the old "Missouri Harmony" and tradition.” The tunes he missed, like most in "The Missouri Harmony", were native grown. “Pisgah,” for example, is related to the English ballad “Little Musgrave and Lady Barnard,” and “Fiducia” is a variant of the Appalachian carol “Star in the East.”
To cater to popular tastes, the old songs were replaced largely by Victorian ditties that shape-note singers now find to be artistically inferior. In the mid-20th century, when musicologist Dorothy Horn visited rural Indiana, she was disappointed to learn that a “more elegant” songbook had replaced "The Missouri Harmony" during the 1880s. “What heard [instead was the most unmitigated musical tripe: songs celebrating the beautiful spring, true love, or whatever, and tearjerkers relating the death of a loved one, all set to the tritest of tunes.”
Shape note singing always remained a living tradition in the rural South. In the 20th century it moved north again, this time as an urban phenomenon kept alive by trained musicians who recognized its place in musical history and found in it something more challenging than Mason’s labored chord progressions or sentimental ditties about death in the spring.
In 1926 Sandburg included tunes from "The Missouri Harmony" in "The American Songbag", as did Alan Lomax in a similar collection several years later. Classical 20th-century composers like Charles Ives and Virgil Thomson, as well as choral arrangers like Alice Parker, also helped spark a renaissance from the 1930s onward. By the 1980s, folk music buffs in midwestern cities such as Chicago and St. Louis discovered the old music and with it "The Missouri Harmony".
The 2005 Revised Edition.
In 1990 the St. Louis Shape-note Singers decided to reprint "The Missouri Harmony" for historical as well as musical reasons. Before the Internet and online auctions, only a few of the fragile books were known to exist outside of library collections. The group fervently desired to mine the tune book for musical gems, those special tunes that endear this style of singing to its participants.
Initially, the group sang from photocopies of "The Missouri Harmony", thanks to singer Jeanette Lowry, who tediously fed coins into a copy machine at the Library of Congress to obtain a complete set of its 240 pages. Upon hearing of her success, the St. Louis singing group was as excited as archaeologists discovering a promising site for excavation. About forty selections were brought back to life in 1991 by singers from six states, most likely the first time in the 20th century that a shape-note convention sang from "The Missouri Harmony". Simultaneously, as the group was engrossed in discovering new treasures, they were also seeking a way for the book to be made generally available to fellow singers.
Serendipity led to a 1991 partnership with Dr. Shirley Bean, now retired, of the music faculty of the University of Missouri–Kansas City. She was especially knowledgeable about the book, having made it the topic of her doctoral dissertation. Three years and two publishers’ rejections later, the book was accepted by the University of Nebraska Press and printed in 1994 by its Bison Books division. This softbound facsimile of the ninth edition is still available as of this publication date, and Dr. Bean’s introduction provides a condensed and updated synopsis of her dissertation. An acknowledgment page thanks Raymond C. Hamrick of Georgia for the loan of his tune book and “the St. Louis Shape-note Singers for their interest and support.”
The facsimile tune book’s much anticipated musical debut took place at the Missouri History Museum in St. Louis. To increase interest in the music, and as an aid to learning some of the songs in The Missouri Harmony, the St. Louis Shape-note Singers produced an a cappella recording in 1994.
Soon enough, however, practical issues quashed the initial excitement generated by the facsimile. The original printing on porous paper resulted in blurry notes and words that were difficult to read. Errors in the placement of notes on the staff and word misspellings were numerous. Singers also noted a frustrating, albeit sometimes amusing, tendency of repeated words to sometimes conclude with “&c.” As a final frustration, it was difficult to hold the softbound book open when standing up to lead a song.
Some favorites were reset using music notation software and the group gathered these into a booklet for use at the 1997 Missouri Singing Convention. Even though it was not intended as such, it quickly became a “best-seller” among shape-note singers, who paid three dollars to defray copying costs. The clear musical notes and easy-to-read texts spoiled them, and they were no longer content to struggle with the reprint. Singers repeatedly requested that the St. Louis group reset all the tunes, and print a hardbound edition of "The Missouri Harmony".
The publication committee put out its call for new music, and received fifty-three submissions from composers in eight states and one each from England and Canada. The committee was delighted to receive new compositions from some of today’s “most eminent authors” including P. Dan Brittain, Judy Hauff and Ted Johnson.
New tune names are largely unrelated to the text, and reflect names of geographical landmarks or people held in esteem by the composer. “Meek” is named for singer Bob Meek of Kentucky, “Regina’s Song”, for the daughter of Lorraine and John Bayer of Ohio, and “Hauff” for sisters Judy and Melanie of Chicago. Among the place names are “Maquoketa” (pronounced Muh-KO-kuh-tuh), the name of a river and town in Iowa, and “Pinckney”, the wide spot on Missouri Highway 94 that is home to St. John’s Church and the Missouri State Convention. The publication committee is also pleased to include “Wings of Song,” named in honor of the compilers of The Missouri Harmony, 2005 edition.
-– Pete Ellertsen and Karen Isbell
This article originally appeared as introductory material to The Missouri Harmony 2005 edition, revised by Wings of Song. St. Louis: Missouri Historical Society Press, 2005. Used with permission.
References.
In researching historical background the authors relied on the works cited below, as well as such standard references as the "New Grove Dictionary of Music".
Bealle, John. "Public Worship, Private Faith: Sacred Harp and American Folksong". Athens: University of Georgia Press, 1997.
Birge, Edward Bailey. "History of Public School Music in the United States". Philadelphia: Oliver Ditson Co., 1937.
Carden, Allen D. "The Missouri Harmony, or, A Collection of Psalm and Hymn Tunes, and Anthems". 1846. Reprint edited by Shirley Bean. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1994.
__________. "The Missouri Harmony, or, A Collection of Psalm and Hymn Tunes, and Anthems". Commentary to the 9th ed. by Charles Warren. Cincinnati: Wm. Phillips & Co., 1850.
Chase, Gilbert. "America's Music: From the Pilgrims to the Present". 2nd ed. New York: McGraw-Hill, 1966. Rev. 3rd ed., Urbana: University of Illinois Press, 1992.
Cobb, Buell. "The Sacred Harp: A Tradition and Its Music". Athens: University of Georgia Press, 1989.
Crouse, David L. “The Work of Allen D. Carden and Associates in the Shape-Note Tune Books, The Missouri Harmony, Western Harmony and United States Harmony.” Ph.D. diss., Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, 1972.
Ellertsen, Peter. “Shape-note Singing in the Sangamon Country.” 2001. Springfield College in Illinois, http://www.sci.edu/classes/ellertsen/newsalem.html.
__________. “‘The untaught melody of grateful hearts’: Southern Appalachian Folk Hymnody in Illinois, 1800-1850.” "Journal of Illinois History" 5 (Winter 2002): 258-282.
"Historical Encyclopedia of Illinois and History of Sangamon County". Chicago: Munsell, 1881.
Horn, Dorothy. "Sing To Me Of Heaven: A Study of Folk and Early American Materials in Three Old Harp Books". Gainesville: University of Florida Press, 1970.
Inter-State Publishing Co., ed. "History of White County, 1883". Reprint, Carmi: White County Historical Society, 1966.
Jackson, George Pullen. "Down-East Spirituals and Others". New York: J. J. Augustin, 1939.
__________. “The Story of The Sacred Harp” Introduction to "The Sacred Harp" by B. F. White and E. J. King, T. K. & P. G. Collins, Hamilton, GA: 1844. Reprint, Nashville: Broadman Press, 1968.
__________. "Spiritual Folk Songs of Early America". New York: J. J. Augustin, 1937. Reprint, Gloucester, MA: Peter Smith, 1975.
__________. "White Spirituals of the Southern Uplands: The Story of the Fasola Folk, Their Songs, Singings and "Buckwheat Notes."" Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1933.
Krohn, Ernst C. "A Check List of Editions of 'The Missouri Harmony.' " "Bulletin of the Missouri Historical Society" 6, no. 3 (April 1950). Reprinted in Krohn, Missouri Music.
__________. "The Missouri Harmony: A Study in Early American Psalmody." "Bulletin of the Missouri Historical Society" 6, no. 1 (October 1949). Reprinted in Krohn, Missouri Music.
__________." Missouri Music". New York: Da Capo Press, 1971.
Kuntz, Andrew, ed. "The Fiddler’s Companion". 1995-2004. http://www.ibiblio.org/fiddlers/index.html.
Little, William, and William Smith. "The Easy Instructor, or, A New Method of Teaching Sacred Harmony". Albany, NY: Websters & Skinners and D. Steele, .
Lomax, Alan. "The Folk Songs of North America in the English Language". Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1960.
Masters, Edgar Lee. "The Sangamon". New York: Farrar & Rinehart, 1942. Reprint, Urbana: University of Illinois Press, 1988.
Miller, Sarah Bryan. “Amazing Grace.” "St. Louis Post-Dispatch", March 27, 2001.
Moore, Thomas. “The Legacy”. In "Irish Melodies". Philadelphia: Butler, 1855.
Nye, Russell G. Pioneering on Iowa Prairies. Agency, IA: Methodist Church, 1960. 
Richardson, Paul A. “"The Missouri Harmony": A Book of Many Chapters.” "The Hymn", April 2004: 15-23.
Sandburg, Carl. "The Prairie Years". New York: Harcourt, Brace. 1926.
__________. "The American Songbag". New York: Harcourt, Brace & World, 1927. Reprint, New York: Harvest/HJB, 1990.
Steel, David Warren. "Shape-Note Singing Schools.” In "Encyclopedia of Southern Culture". Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1989.
Thomson, Virgil. “Fa Sol La Fa Sol La Mi Fa.” "New York Herald Tribune", May 26, 1941. Reprinted in "A Virgil Thomson Reader". Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1981.
Twain, Mark. "Huckleberry Finn". New York: Charles L. Webster and Company, 1855. Reprint, New York: New American Library-Signet, 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19735945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735945" title="Děti Země">
Děti Země

Děti Země (Children of the Earth - COE) is a Czech citizens' association for environmental protection. 
COE was founded in September 1989, shortly before the Velvet revolution in Czechoslovakia, as an unofficial initiative of several ecological activists in Prague.
In the last two decades Dětí Země lobbied for ozone layer protection, sustainable transport and air quality, among other issues. Today there are eleven local branches in eleven cities all over the Czech Republic with its headquarters being in Plzeň.
Members of the Honorary Board are Jiří Dědeček, Erazim Kohák, Vladimír Merta, Zdeněk Thoma, Jaroslav Pavlíček and Jan Vodňanský. Ivan Dejmal, ex-dissident (Charta 77) and the first Czech Minister of Environment was a longtime supporter of COE.

</doc>
<doc id="19735968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735968" title="Egg of Columbus (mechanical puzzle)">
Egg of Columbus (mechanical puzzle)

The names Egg of Columbus and Columbus Egg have been used for several mechanical toys and puzzles inspired on the legend of Columbus balancing an egg on its end to drive a point. Typically, these puzzles are egg-shaped objects with internal mechanisms that make the egg stand up, once the users discovers the secret.
Mechanisms typically used in such toys include moving weights, mercury flowing in sealed tubes or compartments, and steel balls rolling on grooves and pits.
History.
A Columbus Egg puzzle using a rolling ball was described in an 1893 book. The Montgomery Ward catalog of 1894 includes a "Columbus Egg" toy.
There are at least 18 United States patents for such devices, starting from 1891.
The German company Pussycat (toy manufacturer) sells a Columbus Egg that can be balanced by holding it upright for 25 seconds, then quickly inverting it. The egg will then stand on its pointed end for 15 seconds, then topple on its side.

</doc>
<doc id="19735969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735969" title="Correlation (disambiguation)">
Correlation (disambiguation)

Correlation is a measure of relationship between two mathematical variables or measured data values, which includes the Pearson correlation coefficient as a special case.
Correlation may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19735971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735971" title="Ping'an County">
Ping'an County

Ping'an County () also known as Ping'anyi () is an administrative county in Qinghai, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 43 counties of Qinghai. It is part of the Haidong Prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 810600, and its population in 1999 was 110,154 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="19735978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735978" title="Kita-Ōno Station">
Kita-Ōno Station


</doc>
<doc id="19735986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735986" title="Hapoel Lod F.C.">
Hapoel Lod F.C.

Hapoel Lod () was an Israeli football club based in Lod. The club spent several seasons in the top division in the 1960s and 1980s, and won the State Cup in 1984. After several relegations, they folded in 2002.
History.
The club was established in 1957. In 1963 they were promoted to Liga Leumit (then the top division) for the first time. However, in their first season in the league, they finished bottom and were relegated back to Liga Alef.
They returned to Liga Leumit in 1983, finishing seventh in their first season back in the top division, and reaching the State Cup final for the first time. In the final they beat Hapoel Be'er Sheva 3-2 on penalties after a 0-0 draw.
The club was relegated back the second tier at the end of the 1984-85 season, in which they finished second from bottom. The following season they finished third in Liga Artzit (then the second division) and made an immediate return to Liga Leumit. 
In 1986-87 Hapoel finished fourth, their highest ever league position. However, the following season they finished second bottom and were relegated again. In 1989-90 they finished bottom of Liga Artzit and were relegated to Liga Alef.
They returned to Liga Artzit in 1997, but in 1998-99 finished 14th, and were due to be relegated to the third tier. However, after their budget was not approved by Israel Football Association, the club was demoted a further division, to Liga Alef. At the end of the 2001-02 season the club were relegated to Liga Bet, and folded.
A new club, Hapoel Maxim Lod was established soon afterwards (named after a former Lod mayor, Maxim Levy). In 2006 the new club won the South B division of Liga Bet, and in 2007 won the South Division of Liga Alef to earn promotion to Liga Artzit. However, the new club folded in the summer of 2007 and Hapoel Kfar Shalem were promoted in their place.

</doc>
<doc id="19735997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735997" title="Arnica nevadensis">
Arnica nevadensis

Arnica nevadensis is a species of arnica known by the common names Nevada arnica and Sierra arnica. It is native to the coniferous forests of the western United States. 
It is a perennial herb producing one or more hairy, glandular stems up to about 30 centimeters tall. There are two or three pairs of leaves along mainly the lower half of the stem, each oval in shape with the lowest up to 8 centimeters long. 
The inflorescence holds one to three daisylike flower heads lined with phyllaries coated in glandular hairs. The flower head has a center of yellow disc florets and a fringe of yellow ray florets. The fruit is an achene with a white to cream-colored pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19735999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735999" title="Republic of Hungary (1946–49)">
Republic of Hungary (1946–49)

The Second Hungarian Republic () was a parliamentary republic briefly established after the dissolution of the Kingdom of Hungary on 1 February 1946 and dissolved on 20 August 1949. It was succeeded by the People's Republic of Hungary.
History.
From September 1944 until April 1945, as World War II in Europe drew to a close, the Red Army occupied Hungary. The Siege of Budapest lasted almost two months and much of the city was destroyed. Neither the Western Allies nor the Soviet Union supported any changes to Hungary's pre-1938 borders, so the peace treaty signed by Hungary in 1947 declared that "The decisions of the Vienna Award of November 2, 1938 are declared null and void". This meant that Hungary's borders were moved back to those that existed on January 1, 1938 and it lost the territories it had regained between 1938 and 1941. The Soviet Union also annexed Sub-Carpathia, some of which had been part of Hungary before 1938. Between 1946 and 1948, half of Hungary's ethnic German minority (around 250,000 people) were deported to Germany and there was a forced "exchange of population" between Hungary and Czechoslovakia.
The Soviets set up an alternative government in Debrecen on December 21, 1944 before capturing Budapest on January 18, 1945. Zoltán Tildy became the provisional prime minister.
In elections held in November 1945, the Independent Smallholders' Party won 57% of the vote. The Hungarian Communist Party, now under the leadership of Mátyás Rákosi and Ernő Gerő, two survivors from the Hungarian Soviet Republic of 1919, received support from only 17% of the population. The Soviet commander in Hungary, Marshal Kliment Voroshilov, refused to allow the Smallholders Party to form a government. Instead Voroshilov established a coalition government with the communists holding some of the key posts. Under Parliament, the leader of the Smallholders, Zoltán Tildy, was named president and Ferenc Nagy prime minister in February 1946. Mátyás Rákosi became deputy prime minister. 
László Rajk became minister of the interior and in this post established the security police (ÁVH). In February 1947 the police began arresting leaders of the Smallholders Party and the National Peasant Party. It also pressured both parties to expel those members who weren't willing to do the Communists' bidding as "fascists." Several prominent figures in both parties escaped abroad. Later, Rákosi boasted that he had dealt with his partners in the government, one by one, "cutting them off like slices of salami."
By 1947, the Communists had all but emasculated the other parties in the coalition, and became the largest single party in elections held that year. The Communists were the dominant partners in the coalition People's Independence Front government. Nagy was replaced as prime minister by the more pliable Lajos Dinnyés. 
By the summer of 1948, the Communists had dropped all pretense of democracy. The Social Democratic Party effectively ceased to exist as an independent organization, and Independent Smallholders' Party secretary Béla Kovács was arrested and sent to Siberia. Other opposition leaders such as Anna Kéthly, Ferenc Nagy and István Szabó were imprisoned or sent into exile.
The Republic of Hungary effectively ended in June 1948, when the Social Democrats were forced to merge with the Communists as the Hungarian Working People's Party. In August, Tildy was forced out as president in favour of Social Democrat-turned-Communist Árpád Szakasits. That December, Dinnyés was replaced as leader of the Smallholders and prime minister by the openly pro-Communist István Dobi. At the 1949 elections, voters were presented with a single list from the Communist-controlled Independent People's Front, which carried 95 percent of the vote.
On August 18, 1949, the Parliament passed Hungary's first written constitution (1949/XX.)--a near-carbon copy of the 1936 constitution of the Soviet Union. The name of the country became the People's Republic of Hungary, "the country of the workers and peasants" where "every authority is held by the working people". Socialism was declared as the main goal of the nation. A new coat of arms was adopted with Communist symbols, such as the red star, a hammer, and an ear of wheat.

</doc>
<doc id="19736008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736008" title="Ushigahara Station">
Ushigahara Station

Layout.
The station has one side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19736023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736023" title="Palace Dog">
Palace Dog

Palace Dog was a United States Air Force covert operation to support the Royal Laotian Government in its military operations during the Laotian Civil War portion of the Vietnam War. It, in tandem with the Raven FACs. Palace Dog, Project 404, and the Raven FACS principal task was the supply of forward air controllers for close air support to the CIA's Clandestine Army.
Background for Palace Dog.
The Geneva Accords of 1962 had established the neutrality of Laos; the United States and the Democratic Republic of Vietnam were both signators. The United States honored its agreement and removed its military personnel from Laos. However, Prince Souvanna Phouma, Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Laos, requested military assistance from the United States when the North Vietnamese violated the Geneva Accords by not terminating their invasion of Laos by removing their troops. The United States Air Force response was twofold: Operation Barrel Roll, air strikes from outside Laos; and air control specialists, who would operate inside Laos.
The immediate response was the dispatch of four United States Air Force sergeants from Combat Control Teams; these men were specifically trained to direct tactical air strikes. They surrendered their military identification and entered the country in civilian clothing—a process known as "sheepdipping". The North Vietnamese equivalent was bland denial that it had any troops in Laos. The mutual denials led to the fighting in Laos being dubbed "The Secret War."
Operating under the radio call sign "Butterfly", the air control sergeants flew as observers with Air America pilots to mark enemy targets for air attack by USAF aircraft. They marked the targets by dropping smoke grenades on them.
This effort, which increased to six sergeants, ran from 1963 until 1966, when General William Momyer terminated it on the grounds that non-rated men were not qualified for the task, despite their having done so quite successfully for three years.
Establishment of Palace Dog/Project 404.
When the Butterfly program was canceled, it was replaced by the Raven FACs. With the upgrade in personnel to using qualified fighter pilots with their own aircraft to mark targets, it became obvious that support personnel were needed within Laos. Palace Dog was established, containing two components: Raven FACs and Project 404. Project 404 was the program that supplied the support personnel for the fighter pilots who flew under the Raven call sign. Its stated objective was "to maintain the RLAF (Royal Laotian Air Force) Air Operations Center in fighting condition for the defense of Laos".
Beginning unofficially in 1966 at the cessation of the Butterfly program, and officially in October 1968, United States Air Force Special Operating Force staffed Project 404 by forwarding "sheepdipped" specialists to the United States Embassy in Laos. There they worked for the Air Attaché; he in turn worked directly for the American ambassador in Vientiane, Laos. The specialists escaped the scrutiny of permanent change of station orders by being assigned on 179 day Temporary Duty assignments. Specialties assigned were Air Operations Commander, Line Chief, and Medical and Communications Specialists. There was also a single doctor assigned to the program.
Four Air Operations Centers were established, one at each of the RLAF's airfields, which in turn were located one in each military region of Laos. The AOCs were located and designated respectively at Vientiane's Wattay Field (Lima 08), Pakse (Lima 11), Savannakhet (Lima 39), and Luang Prabang (Lima 54). Approximately June 1969, a fifth AOC located at Long Tieng (Lima 20A) was added. An advisor to the RLAF AC47 gunship program was added in October 1970. This latter location supported the Hmong Clandestine Army of General Vang Pao. The Clandestine Army would grow into the largest covert operation in history.
All of these locations except Vientiane were completely surrounded by both the North Vietnamese and Pathet Lao enemies of the Royal Lao Government.
As Palace Dog grew to about 120 men stationed in Laos, with a maximum of 22 being Ravens, there were about 100 engaged in Project 404. Official documents account for only 21 of that count (see above). It stands to reason there was also a headquarters section of some sort. There were also additional specialists unlisted in official documents but verified by participants. Even though the T-28 Trojan trainers used as strike aircraft by the RLAF were low-tech, they still required engine, airframe, and avionics maintenance, as well as ordnance support. Additional specialists at the AOCs included a crew chief, an engine man, and a weapons/ordnance man.
An Air Operations Center, then, consisted of a commanding officer, Raven FACs, a line chief, a crew chief, an engine man, a weapons/ordnance man, a medic, and a communication specialist (radio man).
The end result of Palace Dog was a unique chapter in warfare, in which a guerrilla force was supported by an air force stationed largely behind enemy lines.
Palace Dog ended with the ceasefire ending the fighting in Laos, which took effect 22 February 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19736027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736027" title="List of Albanian football transfers summer 2008">
List of Albanian football transfers summer 2008

This is a list of Albanian football transfers for the 2008-09 season by club. Only transfers of the Albanian Superliga are included.
Player Transfers.
Dinamo Tirana.
In:
Out:
Apolonia Fier.
In:
Out:
Besa Kavajë.
In:
Out:
Bylis Ballsh.
In:
Out:
KF Elbasani.
In:
Out:
Flamurtari.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="19736030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736030" title="List of sites in Jinan">
List of sites in Jinan

The following is a list of sites in Jinan. It contains sites of natural, cultural, economic, political, or historical significance in the City of Jinan, Shandong, China. The geographical area covered by this list includes not only the urban area of Jinan proper but all counties (including the county-level city of Zhangqiu) and districts that are under the administration of Jinan City.
Springs.
The most renowned springs in Jinan are included in the list of the "seventy-two famous springs" (). This list has been kept and updated since the times of the Jin, Ming, and Qing Dynasties. The following sites are on the current list () of the 72 famous springs:
Not included in the "Seventy-two famous springs":
Hills.
Nine Solitary Hills.
The "Nine Solitary Hills" () are a group of small solitary hills in the Yellow River valley within and to the north of Jinan City known for their scenic beauty:
Eight Sceneries of Jinan.
Historically, eight sceneries in Jinan have been renowned for their beauty; they are known as the "Eight Sceneries of Jinan" (). The eight sceneries are defined not only by location, but also other factors such as season and weather:

</doc>
<doc id="19736047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736047" title="Laura Moriarty (poet and novelist)">
Laura Moriarty (poet and novelist)

Laura Moriarty (April 8, 1952) is an American poet and novelist.
Life and work.
Moriarty was born in St. Paul, Minnesota, grew up on Cape Cod in Massachusetts and has lived in Northern California since 1966. She attended Sacramento State University and the University of California at Berkeley in the 70s. She was married to the poet Jerry Estrin until his death in 1993, and is currently married to the poet/librarian Nick Robinson.
Moriarty was the Archives Director for the Poetry Center and American Poetry Archives at San Francisco State University from 1986-1997. She received a Poetry Center Book Award in 1984 for "Persia". She has also been awarded a Gerbode Foundation grant, a residency at the Foundation Royaumont in France, a New Langton Arts Award in Literature and a grant from the Fund for Poetry. Moriarty has taught at Mills College, and Naropa University, among other places, and is currently deputy director of Small Press Distribution in Berkeley, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19736057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736057" title="Egg balancing">
Egg balancing

Egg balancing is a traditional Chinese practice that has since been popularized in the United States. Although the irregular shape of eggs makes this somewhat difficult, eggshells typically have many imperfections such that the vast majority can be balanced with minimal effort. Despite folklore connecting this practice to the lunar new year in China and the vernal equinox in the United States, egg balancing can be done throughout the year and has no connection to the gravitational force of the moon or sun.
History.
Lichun egg.
Egg balancing has been connected with Lichun, the solar term beginning "Chinese" spring () on February 4 or 5 when the sun is at the celestial longitude of 315°. On this day, fresh chicken eggs were balanced on their broad end. The practice is mentioned in the "Secret Kaleidoscope" and "Know What Heaven Knows". On Taiwan, the practice is sometimes connected with the Dragon Boat Festival instead, on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month.
America.
A 1945 "Life" article reported on "an egg-balancing craze" among the population of Chungking (the interim capital of China during World War II) on that year's Lichun. That article and subsequent follow-ups started a similar egg-balancing craze in the United States, but transposed to the vernal equinox beginning "Western" spring on March 20 or 21 when the sun is at the celestial longitude of 0°. The idea that an egg is easier to balance on the spring equinox has since become an American urban legend, and egg-balancing events are sometimes held on that date. In 1978, New York artist Donna Henes started organizing egg-balancing ceremonies with the stated goal of bringing about world peace and international harmony. These events, which often drew thousands of people, were held until at least 1988.
Science.
In fact, the balancing of most eggs on their broad ends is not particularly difficult at any time of the year. No physical influence of other celestial bodies on the egg can affect its balance to the extent required by the folk belief. Gravitational and electromagnetic forces, in particular, are considerably weaker and steadier than the disturbances created by the person's breathing and heartbeat.
In 1947, after Japanese newspapers picked up the story, the physicist Ukichiro Nakaya verified experimentally that eggs in fact can be balanced with ease at any time of the year. He noticed that the shell of an egg usually has many small bumps and dimples so that, by turning the egg in different directions, it can be made to touch a flat surface on three points at the same time in many ways. It is not hard to find an orientation such that the triangle spanned by the three contact points lies below the egg's center of mass, which is the condition for balancing any object. His findings were replicated by astronomer Frank D. Ghigo of the University of Minnesota in 1984.
Writing on the subject, Martin Gardner speculated that the folk beliefs inspired people to "try a little harder, be more patient, and use steadier hands" and possibly even to subconsciously sabotage attempts on other days. He compared the self-reënforcing delusion to a "Ouija-board phenomenon".

</doc>
<doc id="19736059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736059" title="Der Karneval in Rom">
Der Karneval in Rom

Der Karneval in Rom ("The Carnival in Rome") —also known as "Karneval in Rom"— is an operetta in three acts composed by Johann Strauss II to a libretto by Josef Braun, Richard Genée and Maximilian Steiner. It was Strauss' second operetta and based on Victorien Sardou's comedy "Piccolino". The work premiered on 1 March 1873 at the Theater an der Wien.

</doc>
<doc id="19736062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736062" title="Ropley Dean">
Ropley Dean

Ropley Dean is a village in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is 7.3 miles (11.7km) southwest of Alton.
The village has its own restored railway station on the Watercress Line. Trains from here connect with the nearest national rail station 7.3 miles (11.7km) to the northeast, at Alton.

</doc>
<doc id="19736082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736082" title="Mugel">
Mugel

Mugel (or Muageris) was one of two sons and successors of Grod (or Grodas), a Hunnic ruler of the Kutrigurs, in Patria Onoguria. He and his brother Chinialus established their father Ingrod son of Tana as ruler of the Utigurs/Onogurs in Crimea. Mugel's reign lasted only 2 years, from AD 528 to 530 before being succeeded by his brother Chinialus.
Not so long ago, historical research concluded the term "magyar" derived from the name of (prince) Muageris, by arguing that "Muageris" had to be a personal name taken from the descriptive designation of a people. It presented the hypothesis that the Huns in the Crimea were, really, the "Onogurs", and the names of the two princes mentioned by Malalas (a chronicle - Teophanes had, in his work also called "Chronographia", copied data from the Malalas chronicle, and since he relied upon earlier manuscripts of the work, although not the original of the work, he preserved the Malalas report in more detail) as living in the region of Maeotian Lake (Sea of Azov) and of the Kuban stream during the earlier half of the sixth century, actually referred to people under the rule of the "Magyar" (Mugel) tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="19736084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736084" title="Still Crazy (soundtrack album)">
Still Crazy (soundtrack album)

Still Crazy is the soundtrack album from the 1998 music-comedy film, "Still Crazy". The fictional band from the film perform some of their songs on the album.
Chris Difford of Squeeze fame won an Ivor Novello award for his lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="19736092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736092" title="1956 World Figure Skating Championships">
1956 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion.
The 1956 competitions for men, ladies, pairs and ice dancing took place February 16 to February 19, 1956 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, West-Germany.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were
Ice Dancing.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19736111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736111" title="Prinz Methusalem">
Prinz Methusalem

Prinz Methusalem ("Prince Methusalem") is an operetta written by Johann Strauss II to a libretto by Karl Treumann, after Victor Wilder and Alfred Delacourt. It was first performed on January 3, 1877 in Vienna at the Carltheater. It achieved a run of eighty performances. The pot-pourri overture incorporates themes from the operetta, as well as other material that might have sometime been part of the planned score.

</doc>
<doc id="19736142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736142" title="Polikarpov DI-1">
Polikarpov DI-1

Polikarpov DI-1 (also known as 2I-N1, ) was a prototype Soviet two-seat fighter designed during the 1920s. The sole prototype built crashed on its ninth flight, due to manufacturing defects, and the program was cancelled.
Design and development.
Nikolai Nikolaevich Polikarpov began design of a two-seat fighter initially designated as the 2I-N1 (two-seat "Istrebitel" (fighter) with a single Napier engine) in October 1924 at Zavod (Factory) Nr. 1 at Khodynka Aerodrome, Moscow. It was the first Soviet indigenous two-seat fighter. It was a single-bay biplane with its wings arranged in a sesquiplane configuration. The oval-shaped, semi-monocoque fuselage was made of 'shpon', molded birch plywood. The wings were also covered with 'shpon'. The upper wing had two spars, but the lower wing only had one. Internal bracing wires were not used in the wings as it was built up from plywood ribs with large lightening holes and stringers. V-struts made from Duralumin separated the wings and connected the upper wing to the fuselage. Steel bracing wires were used externally. An airfoil enclosed the axle of the fixed undercarriage and a small ski served as a tailskid. It had an imported Napier Lion engine enclosed in a metal cowling. It carried of fuel and oil. The armament consisted of a single fixed synchronized PV-1 machine gun and a 7.62 mm DA machine gun mounted on a ring in the observer's cockpit.
The first flight of the prototype took place on 12 January 1926 and the DI-1, as it was now known, demonstrated excellent performance. Polikarpov himself flew as the observer on the fourth and eighth test flights. However, during the ninth flight on 31 March 1926, the aircraft was making speed runs over the measured kilometer at Khodynka Airfield at a height of when the upper surface of the right upper wing ripped off, followed by the lower skin. Both right wings then collapsed and the DI-1 crashed, killing both the pilot, V. N. Filippov, and the observer, V. V. Mikhailov.
Examination of the wreckage revealed that large portions of the wings' skin were badly glued and that a number of rib caps and stringers were not glued at all. Many panel pins were not connected to the structure at all and many of the bradawl holes necessary to equalize pressure between the inside of the wing and the outside were missing entirely. The crash of such an advanced aircraft shocked the entire industry and caused a six-month hiatus in design work. Polikarpov overreacted to its loss and built the structure of a number of his subsequent aircraft stronger, and thus, heavier, than it needed to be. All further work on the project was abandoned following the crash, nominally for lack of a suitable engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19736163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736163" title="Jeff Henderson">
Jeff Henderson

Jeff Henderson is an award-winning chef, bestselling author and popular public speaker. He is also a former felon, having served nearly a decade in prison for drugs. Having run kitchens as Executive Chef at Café Bellagio and Caesar's Palace on the Las Vegas Strip, he became an inspiration to others.
Personal life.
Jeff Henderson was born in South Central Los Angeles and was raised by his mother and grandparents. Jeff had a troubled past, he was thrown into jail multiple times. Jeff was stabbed in the chest when he was 16 over a gang-related dispute. After moving to San Diego, Jeff became involved with a drug dealer and began selling drugs throughout Southern California as a means to provide for himself. 
In 1987, Jeff was arrested by the San Diego Drug Task Force and charge with intent to distribute illegal narcotics. He was forced to spend the next decade in a state prison which changed his life. Jeff developed a relationship with a fellow inmate named Friendly Womack whom mentored Jeff in the prison kitchen.Jeff discovered his passion for cooking while in prison, and once he was released, moved to Las Vegas to pursue his dream of becoming an executive chef. Without any formal cooking instruction, Jeff went on to become the first African-American executive chef at the Bellagio and a New York Times best selling author for his memoir "Cooked". 
Henderson currently lives in Las Vegas with his wife and five children.
Career.
In 2001, Henderson became the first African-American Chef de Cuisine at Caesars Palace. He eventually became an executive chef at several top restaurants including Café Bellagio, where he worked until 2006.
Henderson found his passion for cooking while incarcerated and turned his life around, a story he recounted in his autobiography, "Cooked"'. The book was a New York Times bestseller. As of 2007 Will Smith and his production company, Overbrook Entertainment, along with Escape Artists and Columbia Pictures are developing a major motion picture based on the story.
Henderson received national attention on numerous TV and radio programs and print publications including "The Oprah Winfrey Show", "Good Morning America", "The Montel Williams Show", CNBC, NPR's "All Things Considered", "People" and "USA Today". As a speaker, Henderson makes speaking appearances across the country through his company The Henderson Group. 
Television shows.
The Chef Jeff Project.
The Chef Jeff Project is a Food Network reality television program that aired in the fall of 2008. Chef Jeff invites six young adults with rough backgrounds to work as his crew for Posh Urban Cuisine for one month in Los Angeles. The format of the reality television program is such that all participants who complete the project are eligible for the Food Network Scholarship to culinary school. The aim of the competition test each individual to the limits and not eliminate the competition; Henderson makes is clear to the competitors that the only way they can lose is if they quit.
Family Style with Chef Jeff.
Family Style with Chef Jeff is a new show premiering Fall 2013 produced by Bellum Entertainment Group for national syndication in the US. Family Style is an E/I program which demonstrates how good choices in the kitchen can lead to a life changing experience for the whole family.

</doc>
<doc id="19736171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736171" title="Laura-Ann Petitto">
Laura-Ann Petitto

Laura-Ann Petitto (born c. 1954) is a cognitive neuroscientist and a developmental cognitive neuroscientist, known for her discoveries involving the language capacity of chimpanzees, the biological bases of language in humans, especially early language acquisition (be it language on the hands in sign language or the tongue in oral language), and bilingualism and the bilingual brain. She is also known for her role in the creation of the new scientific discipline, called educational neuroscience. She is currently a professor in the department of psychology at Gallaudet University, and an affiliated professor in the department of psychology at Georgetown University. Petitto is also the science director of Gallaudet University's branch of the National Science Foundation's Visual Language and Visual Learning Center.
Biography.
Education.
Petitto received her Bachelor of Science degree in 1975 from Ramapo College of New Jersey while taking undergraduate classes and conducting cross-species language research with the chimpanzee “Nim Chimpsky” at Columbia University (New York City, New York). Petitto then conducted psycholinguistic research on American Sign Language (ASL) in the laboratory of Dr. Ursula Bellugi at The Salk Institute for Biological Studies (La Jolla, California), along with Linguist, Edward Klima, of the University of California, San Diego, where Petitto began graduate study in the Department of Linguistics (1976–1977). Petitto continued graduate study at New York University (Masters Degree, 1978, specializing in Rehabilitative Counseling Psychology and Deafness, 1977–1978). Petitto then researched the phonological structure of ASL in the “The Linguistics Research Laboratory” of Dr. William Stokoe at Gallaudet University in Washington, D.C. (1978–1979). In 1979, Petitto began graduate study at Harvard University (Department of Human Development and Psychology), with Drs. Roger Brown (primary Graduate Advisor) and Courtney Cazden (co-Advisor), receiving her Masters in 1981 and her Doctoral degree in March, 1984. Leaving Harvard in Fall, 1983, to take up her first faculty appointment at McGill University (Montreal, Quebec, Canada), Petitto won a John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship (to study with Dr. Ursula Bellugi and Dr. Elizabeth Bates).
Scientific contributions.
Petitto’s research and discoveries span several scientific disciplines. Her early work with Nim Chimpsky and her later work with humans, encompasses anthropology, comparative ethology, evolutionary biology, cognitive neuroscience, cognitive science, theoretical linguistics, philosophy, psychology, psycholinguistics, language acquisition, child development, evolutionary psychology, deaf studies, and bilingualism. Her overall discoveries involve:
Petitto had a leading international role in the creation of a new scientific discipline that she and her colleagues have termed "Educational Neuroscience," involving the marriage of basic scientific discoveries about the developing brain/child with its principled application to solving core problems in the education of young children. Taken together, the major contribution of her scientific writings have been to offer both testable hypotheses and theory regarding the neural basis for the brain’s specialization for human language, and how it is possible for very young babies to acquire language.
Early research.
Beginning in 1973 in the Department of Psychology at Columbia University, Petitto attempted to teach sign language to a baby chimpanzee ("Project Nim Chimpsky," named after Noam Chomsky, with Professors Herbert Terrace and Thomas Bever). Petitto had a leading role on Project Nim Chimpsky as the “Primary Sign Language Teacher,” “Project Coordinator,” and primary “Surrogate Mother.” Despite the dangers of living with a chimpanzee, Petitto lived with and cared for Nim as a child in an attempt to create a natural language, cognitive, and highly caring and rich social environment, mirroring that of a human child. Most all of the chimp’s scientific training and accomplishments were achieved during Petitto’s 4-year tenure on the Project as Nim’s teacher and caretaker. She and her colleagues have authored several of the world’s seminal scientific papers on the question of language in chimpanzees, including now classic articles on the similarities and differences between the ape and human mind.
After her undergraduate work with Nim Chimpsky, Petitto went on to make discoveries about the linguistic structure, acquisition, and representation in the brain of the world’s natural sign languages, especially American Sign Language (ASL). Using sign languages as a new “microscope” to discover the central/universal properties of human language in the brain (those that are distinct from the modality of language transmission and reception), Petitto advanced 4 branches of research. These include:
In addition to its scientific importance, Petitto’s research has contributed to the body of knowledge establishing that the sign languages of Deaf people around the world are real languages with the full expressive capacity as oral languages. Petitto and colleagues were also the first to study experimentally the validity of a widely used educational practice with Deaf children in the 1970s, whereupon teachers (typically hearing) used parts of ASL signs and linguistic structure simultaneously while speaking English in the classroom, called “Simultaneous Communication” (or “Simcom”). The Petitto team’s experimental study of Simcom with Deaf children demonstrated empirically that it was highly impoverished at representing either ASL or English (and, in turn, was a non-optimal teaching method), and instead supported the use of a natural language with Deaf children from early life (such as ASL), which would best provide a solid linguistic foundation upon which to learn other languages (such as English) and advanced the idea that Deaf Education would be best to move closer to a full bilingual/bicultural educational model. This research had lasting implications for subsequent Deaf Education policy and practice.
Current research.
Petitto’s current studies involve the use of a combination of three disciplines:
Since 2000, Petitto and her laboratory team are known for discovering that young bilingual children are not harmed, delayed, or confused by early dual language exposure. These children, not only achieve their language milestones (in each language) on the same timetable as monolinguals, they demonstrate the same semantic and conceptual development as monolinguals. Petitto and her team have also identified the mechanisms that make possible the human infant’s early capacity to phonetically discriminate (segment and categorize) the constantly varying linguistic stream around them. Petitto has identified fundamental processes that underlie human reading and spelling in all language users and found evidence for select reading advantages in young bilingual children as compared to matched monolingual peers, termed the “bilingual reading advantage.” They have further discovered surprising ways in which bilingual schooling can ameliorate the deleterious effects of low SES They are also among the first group of researchers to compare directly adult bilingual and monolingual brains and what happens when the adult brain learns two artificial languages as a second language. 
Petitto and her team also conduct Genes, Behavior, and Brain studies of how extensive training (expertise) in one domain of knowledge impacts or “transfers” to other domains of knowledge (and the extent of this transfer). For example, Petitto studies how extensive training in the Arts impacts a young child’s acquisition of other knowledge, a question vital to Educational policy-makers with limited budgets. She and her team also study expert Performing Artists (e.g., Dancers) and the extent to which “expertise” of this type may transfer to “near” and “far” domains of knowledge.
Research awards.
Petitto is the recipient of over twenty international prizes and awards for her distinguished scientific achievements, including, for example,

</doc>
<doc id="19736180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736180" title="Blachindla">
Blachindla

Blachindla or Blachinda is a German pastry dessert. They are turnovers made of a pie-like crust and filled with a pumpkin filling.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19736196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736196" title="Blindekuh (operetta)">
Blindekuh (operetta)

Blindekuh ("Blind Man's Buff") is an operetta written by Johann Strauss II. It was first performed in Vienna at the Theater an der Wien on 18 December 1878, its composition delayed by the death of Strauss' wife, Jetty Treffz. The overture was performed earlier at a charity event. The operetta was not very well received, having been withdrawn after only sixteen performances, but the overture established itself in the repertoire of many orchestras.

</doc>
<doc id="19736198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736198" title="Spanish cruiser Rapido (1889)">
Spanish cruiser Rapido (1889)

Rapido was a merchant ship requisitioned for use as an auxiliary cruiser by the Spanish Navy in 1898 during the Spanish-American War.
"Rapido" was built in 1889 as a passenger ship and was in commercial service as SS "Columbia" with the Hamburg-Amerika Line when the Spanish Navy purchased her for Spanish-American War service as an auxiliary cruiser in 1898. Armed and renamed "Rapido", she became part of the relief expedition for the Philippines commanded by Rear Admiral Manuel de Camara and charged with destroying the United States Navy Asiatic Squadron of Commodore George Dewey there, as well as with delivering 4,000 Spanish Army troops to reinforce the Philippines. Camara's squadron—consisting of battleship "Pelayo", armored cruiser "Emperador Carlos V", auxiliary cruiser "Patriota", destroyers "Audaz", "Osado", and "Proserpina", and transports "Buenos Aires", "Panay", "Alfonso XII", and "Antonio Lopez", and four colliers as well as "Rapido"—sortied from Cadiz on 16 June 1898.
"Rapido" and her consorts passed Gibraltar on 17 June 1898 (first detaching "Alfonso XII" and "Antonio Lopez" to make independent voyages to the Caribbean), and arrived at Port Said, Egypt on 26 June 1898. There Camara requested permission to transship coal, which the Egyptian government finally denied on 30 June 1898 out of concern for Egyptian neutrality.
By the time "Rapido" and the rest of Camara's squadron arrived at Suez on 5 July 1898, the squadron of Vice Admiral Pascual Cervera y Topete had been annihilated in the Battle of Santiago de Cuba, freeing up the U.S. Navy's heavy forces from the blockade of Santiago de Cuba. Fearful for the security of the Spanish coast, the Spanish Ministry of Marine recalled Camara's squadron on 7 July 1898. "Rapido" and the rest of the squadron departed Suez on 11 July 1898 for Spain, and Camara's squadron was dissolved on 25 July 1898.
After the war ended in August 1898, "Rapido" returned to commercial service. During the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905, she became the Russian Navy auxiliary cruiser "Terek". She was scrapped in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="19736233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736233" title="Sehome (disambiguation)">
Sehome (disambiguation)

The name "Sehome" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19736240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736240" title="Echizen-Yakushi Station">
Echizen-Yakushi Station

Layout.
The station has one side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19736262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736262" title="Presidential proclamation">
Presidential proclamation

A presidential proclamation is a statement issued by a president on a matter of public policy. They are generally defined as, "The act of causing some state matters to be published or made generally known. A written or printed document in which are contained such matters, issued by proper authority; as the president's proclamation, the governor's, the mayor's proclamation."
In the United States, the President's proclamation does not have the force of law, unless authorized by Congress. If Congress were to pass an act, which would take effect upon the happening of a contingent event, and subsequently the President proclaimed that the event happened, then the proclamation would have the force of law. Generally, there are two types of proclamations issued by the U.S. President, “ceremonial,” which designate special observances or celebrate national holidays, and “substantive,” which usually relates to the conduct of foreign affairs and other sworn executive duties. These may be, but are not limited to, matters of international trade, the execution of set export controls, the establishment of tariffs, or the reservation of federal lands for the benefit of the public in some manner.
Presidential proclamations are often dismissed as a practical tool for policy making because they are considered to be largely ceremonial or symbolic in nature. However, their issuances have led to important political and historical consequences in the development of the United States. George Washington's Proclamation of Neutrality in 1793 and Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 are some of America's most famous presidential proclamations in this regard.
Issuances.
A presidential proclamation "states a condition, declares a law and requires obedience, recognizes an event or triggers the implementation of a law (by recognizing that the circumstances in law have been realized)". Presidents define situations or conditions on situations that become legal or economic truth. These orders carry the same force of law as executive orders—the difference between the two is that executive orders are aimed at those inside government while proclamations are aimed at those outside government. 
The administrative weight of these proclamations is upheld because they are often specifically authorized by congressional statute, making them “delegated unilateral powers”. Presidential proclamations are often dismissed as a practical presidential tool for policy making because of the perception of proclamations as largely ceremonial or symbolic in nature. However, the legal weight of presidential proclamations suggests their importance to presidential governance.
Other more recent policy-based proclamations have also made a substantial impact on economic and domestic policy, including Bill Clinton’s declaration of federal lands for national monuments and George W. Bush’s declaration of the areas affected by Hurricane Katrina as disaster areas. 
Proclamations are also used, often contentiously, to grant presidential pardons. Recent notable pardon proclamations are Gerald Ford's pardon of former President Richard Nixon (1974), Jimmy Carter's pardon of Vietnam War draft evaders (1977) and George W. Bush's clemency of Lewis "Scooter" Libby's prison sentence (2007).
Although less significant in terms of public policy, proclamations are also used ceremonially by presidents to honor a group or situation or to call attention to certain issues or events. For instance, President George H.W. Bush issued a proclamation to honor veterans of World War II and Ronald Reagan called attention to the health of the nation’s eyes by proclaiming a “Save Your Vision Week.”

</doc>
<doc id="19736265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736265" title="2008 Texas vs. Oklahoma football game">
2008 Texas vs. Oklahoma football game

The 2008 Oklahoma vs. Texas football game, played October 11, 2008, was the 103rd meeting between the University of Oklahoma and The University of Texas at Austin in a college football game. The annual game between the Texas Longhorns and the Oklahoma Sooners is called the Red River Shootout. It is considered by college football coaches to be one of the three greatest rivalry games in college football, and "Fox Sports" says the rivalry includes some of the most unusual traditions in the sport. The game often has conference or national title significance and the series is unusual in that it is played at a neutral site instead of the home teams' stadium.
The 2008 Texas Longhorn football team (variously "Texas" or "UT" or the "Horns") was coached by head football coach Mack Brown and led on the field by quarterback Colt McCoy. The 2008 Oklahoma Sooners football team (variously "Oklahoma" or "OU") was coached by Bob Stoops with Sam Bradford at quarterback. This was the sixth game of the 2008 season for both teams. Texas came into the game with a 5-0 record and a #5 ranking. Oklahoma was also 5-0 and ranked #1. Both teams were 1-0 in conference play. Since the two teams are both in the South Division of the Big 12 Conference, winning this game would be an important step towards winning the Division and possibly the Conference. For either team, a loss would likely eliminate hope of them playing in the BCS National Championship Game.
Prior to the game, Oklahoma was favored by 6½ points. Texas won the game, 45–35. It was the highest scoring event in the history of the rivalry, and it was seen by the most fans - a record 92,182. Prior to 2008 each school had participated in college football for more than 100 years. They are home to nationally-known traditions from the Sooner Schooner and the RUF/NEKS at Oklahoma to Bevo and the Hook 'em Horns of Texas. 
The annual OU/UT football game is called the Red River Shootout, and it is considered to be one of the greatest rivalry games in all of college sports. It is the second longest running rivalry for the Longhorns, behind the one with Texas A&M. Since 1929 the game has been held at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, Texas typically in mid-October with the State Fair of Texas occurring adjacent to the stadium. Prior to 2008, Texas led the series 57–40–5. 
In the week prior to facing the Oklahoma Sooners, UT fans conduct their traditional Torchlight Parade and Rally. The rally first took place in 1916 prior to a game versus Texas A&M, but since 1986 it has been an annual event held exclusively during the week prior to the Texas–OU game. Another annual tradition is the running of game balls by the schools' Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC) programs. Each school's ROTC program uses a relay running system to run one game ball all the way from their respective campus to Dallas. Once there, they participate against each other in a football scrimmage, with the winner taking home a rivalry trophy and bragging rights.
The 2008 matchup was officially called the Red River Rivalry, but the game is better known by its traditional name, the Red River Shootout. The game was played at a neutral site, the Cotton Bowl stadium in Dallas, Texas, amid the atmosphere of the Texas State Fair which was being held adjacent to the Cotton Bowl. Dallas is approximately half the distance between the two school campuses, and the stadium is divided down the 50-yard line, with half of the stadium clad in the "crimson and cream" colors of Oklahoma, and the other half wearing the burnt orange and white of Texas. Three rivalry trophies are presented to the winning of each year's contest. The anticipation for the 2005 meeting was especially keen since it marked the 100th Red River Shootout.
The game typically has conference or even national significance. From 1945 through 2004, one or both of the two teams has been ranked among the top 25 teams in the nation coming into 60 out of 65 games. Prior to the 2005 game, Texas held an advantage in the all-time series 55-39-5, which included a 43-35-4 edge in Dallas, but Oklahoma had won 5 consecutive games, including the worst loss ever for a Texas team in the series. That was the longest losing streak for the Longhorns going back to the 1950s and during those five years the Sooners 189 points to 59 points by UT. Those five straight losses had helped build a reputation for Mack Brown that he was not capable of winning in so-called "Big Games". Four times during those five years, Texas' loss to Oklahoma was what prevented them from playing in the Big 12 Conference Championship Game.
Prior to the game.
Due to the breadth of sports offered and the quality of the programs, Texas was selected as "America's Best Sports College" in a 2002 analysis performed by "Sports Illustrated."
Texas ranks as the second most winning program in college football history, in terms of total wins, having passed Notre Dame with win 831 on November 27, 2008. As of the end of the 2007 season, the Longhorns' all-time record is 820-315-33 (.716). Only the University of Michigan have won more games and a greater percentage of games played than Texas, which recorded its 800th victory with the Longhorns' 41-38 win over the USC Trojans in the 2006 BCS National Championship Game at the Rose Bowl.
One of the top-three teams in the all-time list of both total wins and winning percentage., the University of Texas has traditionally been considered among the elite of college football. From 1936 to 2008, the team finished the season in the top ten of at least one of the two major polls 27 times, or more than one-third of the time. The 2005 national championship team that coach Mack Brown fielded in 2005 has been called one of the most memorable in college football history by "College Football News". 
OU has the most victories and best winning percentage of any team since the end of World War II. The Sooners have earned seven AP National Championships (1950, 1955, 1956, 1974, 1975, 1985, 2000) in that span and are recognized by the NCAA for 16 titles (in all sports; the NCAA does not recognize a football champion in FBS). They have been ranked #1 in the AP and BCS polls more than any other team, have been ranked in the top 5 of the AP and BCS polls more than any other team, and have scored more points than any other team in the modern era. Naturally, Oklahoma had high expectations for the year. Their pre-season ranking of number four in the nation and the fact they had made it to the national championship game in both 2003 and 2004 only served to support this assumption. 
The 2007 game was a back-and-forth affair that was ultimately won by Oklahoma 28–21. OU's freshman quarterback, Sam Bradford, was 21–of–32 for 244 yards and 3 touchdowns. UT's McCoy was 19–of–26 for 324 yards and two touchdowns. That was the most passing yardage against an Oklahoma team since the 2004 National Championship game vs. USC. The Longhorns committed two costly turnovers. McCoy threw one interception and Jamaal Charles lost a fumble inside the Oklahoma 5 yard-line on what would otherwise have been a touchdown scoring run. For the second straight week, the Texas defense did not cause any turnovers. 
Texas entered the 2008 season ranked number 11 in the AP Poll and number 10 in the Coaches Poll. They won their first four games to rise to number 5 in the national rankings. Texas began Big 12 Conference play on October 4, 2008 with a trip to Boulder, Colorado and a win over the Colorado Buffaloes. 
For either team to play in the national title game, that team had to end up ranked No. 1 or No. 2 at the end of the regular season. Since 1998 (the year the Bowl Championship Series was formed) through 2004, 9 of the 14 teams were unbeaten going into the championship game. The only time the national champion has not been unbeaten during that stretch was in 2003 when LSU and USC claimed a share of the title as each finished with one loss. As Ohio State tackle Kirk Barton once said "There’ll probably be two undefeated teams at the end of the road and if you’re not one of them you’re probably not going to be playing for the championship. So you’ve got to treat every game like it’s the Super Bowl. You only get one opportunity."
Prior to the game, Oklahoma was favored by 6½ points. The weather forecast called for a game-time temperature of . 
Game summary.
First quarter.
Texas won the coin toss and deferred to the second half. Oklahoma scored a touchdown on their first possession. Texas was able to answer with a field goal to make the score Texas-3, Oklahoma-7. OU and UT traded punts and there were no other scores in the first quarter. Prior to the game against Texas, Oklahoma had outscored their opponents by a total of 103 to 3 in the first quarter. It was the highest scoring event in the history of the rivalry, and it was seen by the most fans - a record 92,182.
Analysis.
As a result of this game, Texas increased their lead over Oklahoma to 58-40-5 all-time in the Red River Rivalry.
ESPN analyst Ivan Maisel called the game "one of the best college football games of this or any season" and said "If you went to see your team play Saturday, if you didn't have the good fortune of wearing burnt orange or crimson in Fair Park on a sunlit fall Saturday, if you made the mistake of watching some other game, get thee to YouTube. Buy, cheat or steal your way to a copy and watch No. 5 Texas beat No. 1 Oklahoma 45-35."
Austin American-Statesman sportswriter Kirk Bohls said "The win is the third-biggest of Brown's 11-year stint at Texas, trailing only the landmark victories over Ohio State and the unbeatable USC Trojans in the magical 2005 season." Sportswriter Cedric Golden, writing for the same paper, said UT's offensive coordinator Greg Davis called the best game plan of his career. Golden said Davis' plan for this game was even better than the game plan in the 2006 Rose Bowl, in which Texas won the national championship.
After the game.
Texas later beat #11 Missouri 56-31 and #6 Oklahoma State 28-24. The following week #1 Texas lost to #6 Texas Tech 39-33. They finished their season with wins over Kansas, Baylor, Texas A&M and Ohio State in the 2009 Fiesta Bowl.
Oklahoma would go undefeated in Big 12 play after the game, scoring several major wins and setting an NCAA record (5) for most consecutive games scoring 60 or more points, including a 65-21 blowout of Texas Tech that created a 3-way Big 12 South tie. In the end, due to Big 12 Conference rules stating that if there is a three-way tie for division champion, the team with the highest BCS ranking plays for the Big 12 Championship, Oklahoma played Missouri in the Big 12 Championship game and won. They then faced the Tim Tebow led Florida Gators in the 2008 National Championship game, where they lost, 24-14.

</doc>
<doc id="19736268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736268" title="Waldmeister">
Waldmeister

Waldmeister ("Woodruff") is an operetta written by Johann Strauss II. It was first performed on 4 December 1895 at the Theater an der Wien. Although not as popular as some of Strauss' other operettas, such as "Der Zigeunerbaron" and "Die Fledermaus", it was given eighty-eight performances, and was much admired by Johannes Brahms, a friend of the composer.

</doc>
<doc id="19736313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736313" title="Echizen-Ōmiya Station">
Echizen-Ōmiya Station


</doc>
<doc id="19736351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736351" title="Thomas R. Jackson">
Thomas R. Jackson

Thomas R. Jackson (1826–1901) was an English-born American architect who rose to the position of head draftsman in the office of Richard Upjohn (1802–1872), one of New York's most prominent designers; in his position in Upjohn's office he was one of the designers in the construction of Trinity Church, New York. The nature of his other work with Jackson is not known. The comparatively unknown Jackson was a prolific architect in his own right.
Jackson emigrated as a child to the United States with his parents.
His five-story building constructed for the "New York Times" at 41 Park Row, 1851 (or 1857–1858), was the first purpose-designed structure for a New York newspaper. His Italianate Grammar School 47, East 12th Street, (1855) was one of the first American public schools designed expressly for girls.
Jackson's Brooklyn Theater, Brooklyn, was considered one of the safest, most fireproof buildings, until it burned in December 1876. His Academy of Music in Albany had burned in 1868, whereupon he was commissioned to design its replacement, the Trimble Opera House.
In 1888 plans and specifications for the buildings and the track for the Morris Park Racetrack were prepared by Jackson, personally approved in detail by John Morris, the entrepreneur of what became the most lavishly appointed racecourse in America.
Among the architects who trained in Jackson's practice was Isaac G. Perry.

</doc>
<doc id="19736417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736417" title="Hakariishi Station">
Hakariishi Station


</doc>
<doc id="19736438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736438" title="Prince Johann Georg of Saxony">
Prince Johann Georg of Saxony

Prince "Johann Georg" Pius Karl Leopold Maria Januarius Anacletus of Saxony, Duke of Saxony (Full German name: "Prinz Johann Georg Pius Karl Leopold Maria Januarius Anacletus von Sachsen, Herzog zu Sachsen") (born 10 July 1869 in Dresden, Saxony; died 24 November 1938 at Schloss Altshausen in Altshausen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was the sixth child and second-eldest son of George of Saxony and his wife Maria Anna of Portugal and a younger brother of the Kingdom of Saxony's last king, Frederick Augustus III of Saxony. Johann Georg was a well-known arts expert and an avid art collector.
Early life.
Johann Georg was the sixth of eight children and the second son of George of Saxony, the penultimate king of Saxony, and his wife Infanta Maria Anna of Portugal. The prince was raised in Dresden and received a strict Roman Catholic upbringing.
Johann Georg's early education was conducted by private teachers until 1881 when he began his military training. From 1889 through 1890, Johann Georg and his younger brother Maximilian studied law together in Freiburg im Breisgau. After switching to the University of Leipzig, Johann Georg mainly attended lectures on history and art history. In 1909, the prince received an honorary doctorate from the University of Leipzig.
Marriage.
Johann Georg married first to Duchess Maria Isabella of Württemberg, third child and second-eldest daughter of Duke Philipp of Württemberg and his wife Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria, on 5 April 1894 in Stuttgart, Württemberg. Maria Isabella died on 24 May 1904 at age 32 in Dresden.
He married for a second time to Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, fourth child and eldest daughter of Prince Alfonso of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Caserta and his wife Princess Antonietta of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, on 30 October 1906 in Cannes, France. The couple did not have children.
Residences.
From 1902, Johann Georg resided at Schloss Weesenstein approximately 30 km from Dresden, high above Müglitztal. In 1918, after the end of World War I and the abdication of his brother Frederick Augustus III, Johann Georg sold Schloss Weesenstein and moved his permanent residence to Freiburg im Breisgau.

</doc>
<doc id="19736464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736464" title="St. Elizabeth's">
St. Elizabeth's

St. Elizabeth's may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19736466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736466" title="Jeremy Dale (racing driver)">
Jeremy Dale (racing driver)

Jeremy Dale was born 23 November 1962 in Toronto, Canada and currently resides both in his hometown of Toronto and in Northern Colorado (USA) with his wife, Joanne. His career in motorsports has spanned more than 30 years as a driver, television commentator, race series director, race team president and race team owner.
Driving Career (1978-1995).
Dale began his driving career at the age of 16 in the Canadian amateur and vintage car ranks. His first racecar was a 1955 Cooper Formula 3 powered by a Triumph motorcycle engine. He later owned, prepared and raced a 1969 Lotus 69 Formula Ford.
In 1983, to further his skills and increase his racing acumen, Dale focused on learning the minutiae of racecars by attending the Skip Barber Racing School, the Jim Russell Racing School and the prestigious Elf-Winfield Racing School (France), finishing at the top of his class at every school. During the 1984 & 1985 racing seasons, Dale raced in the Skip Barber Northeast Division, winning multiple races and the Rookie-of-the-Year title in 1984 before transitioning to the Barber-Saab Pro Series, winning seven of 27 races over a three-year period.
During the mid-Eighties, Dale began working for the Skip Barber organization as a driving instructor and test driver. Ultimately, Dale would end up working with Skip Barber Racing, on and off in multiple roles, for 17 years. The Barber-Saab Series provided a springboard into a professional motorsports driving career with a number factory-backed sports car drives. Dale was a factory driver for Dodge in the IMSA Firehawk Series in 1988-89. He accrued multiple wins behind the wheel of a Dodge Daytona and Eagle Talon, culminating in a Firehawk Series Championship in 1989. During the 1989 season Dale performed double duty with Dodge as he was drafted into their IMSA GTU program midway through the season, beginning with Round five at Mosport. Dale won his debut outing and eventually posting three more wins before the year was over. He narrowly missed winning the 1989 GTU championship, despite missing the first four races of the season. Dale’s performances behind the wheel of the Dodge Daytona GTU car led to an offer from the factory Nissan IMSA GTO team to participate in a ‘gong show’ driver test for a seat in the 300ZX for the 1990 season. Dale competed against Johnny O'Connell, Mike Groff and Dennis Aase, winning the seat handedly. Dale raced the 300ZX from 1990 through 1992, scoring multiple wins. In 1991, Dale and his teammate were drafted into Nissan’s GTP program for the 1991 Daytona 24-hour, sharing a Nissan Group C car with Arie Luyendyk and Julian Bailey. The car was leading during the 20th hour when it suffered a right rear tire blowout at 215 mph, forcing its retirement from the race.
In 1994, Dale was the lead driver for the Brix Racing / Oldsmobile IMSA World Sports Car (WSC) team, winning his class at the Daytona 24-Hour as well as overall wins in Portland and Phoenix. Dale missed winning the WSC championship in 1994 by a mere two points. 1995 started with another class win at the Daytona 24-Hour and a solid run at the Sebring 12-Hour race. However, at the following round in Road Atlanta, Dale suffered a career-ending injury when he was collected in an accident between two slower GT cars and the Ferrari 333SP WSC car of Fabrizio Barbazza. Dale used a wheelchair for one year and on crutches for another year. After multiple surgeries and countless hours of physical therapy, Dale returned to racing ready to pursue new opportunities outside of the car.
Television Work (1996-2002).
While recovering from his crash under the care of Dr. Terry Trammel in Indianapolis, IN, the renowned television motorsports production company, Lingner Group Productions, contacted Dale inquiring about his interest in trying his hand at color commentary for broadcast. Dale started slowly and moved quickly into full-time television, providing expert TV analysis for ESPN, ESPN2, FOX, FOX SportsNet, SpeedVision and Speed Channel. Working with co-hosts such as Bob Varsha, David Hobbs, Derek Daly and Marty Reid, he provided insight for hundreds of racing programs, including Sports Car Endurance racing, the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series and Formula One.
Motorsports Management (2000 to Current).
Through his work as a driving coach and test driver for the Barber-Dodge Pro Series, Dale was familiar with the BDPS organization and assumed the Managing Director role in 2000. During his tenure at Barber-Dodge, the series helped form the skills of drivers A.J. Allmendinger, Danica Patrick, Alex Gurney, Ryan Hunter-Reay and many more. He continued with Barber-Dodge until late 2002, when his old friend, Carl Russo, recruited Dale to be the President of his new race team, RuSPORT.
RuSPORT competed in the 2003 CART/Toyota Atlantic Championship and in the 2004-2007 Champ Car World Series. In 2003, with drivers Aaron Justus and A.J. Allmendinger, the team won the Atlantic championship title, setting multiple records along the way. In 2004, the team made the transition to the Champ Car World Series, initially fielding a one-car team featuring A.J. Allmendinger. Four weeks prior to the start of the 2004 season, Russo added a second car, driven by Champ Car veteran, Michel Jourdain Jr. The team scored a number of podium finishes and took home Rookie-of –the-Year honors for A.J. Allmendinger. In 2004, RuSPORT became only the second team ever in the history of Champ Car World Series to win their driver the Rookie-of-the-Year title as a rookie team.
The team won its first Champ Car race in Dale’s hometown of Toronto in 2005 with Justin Wilson piloting the #9/CDW/ Lola/Cosworth. More wins would follow that year, including a dominant 1-2 finish at the final round in Mexico City. Wilson finished second in Champ Car driver points in 2006 and 2007, scoring more wins for the team.
Dale broke out on his own in 2007 and founded JDX Racing LLC, later licensing the entity to his former IMSA team owner, the late Harry Brix. Dale was forced to take time off through 2011 and 2012 due to the discovery of an aortic aneurysm, leading to open heart surgery in 2011. His recovery has been slow and steady, though the expectation is a full recovery with no long term side effects or consequences.
Career Overview.
2007–Present: Founder, JDX Racing LLC
2003-2007: President, RuSPORT
2000-2002: Managing Director, Barber-Dodge Pro Series
1996-2002: TV Commentator (SPEED TV / Fox Sports / ESPN)
1996-1999: Driver Coach & Test Driver, Barber-Dodge Pro Series
1994-1995; Lead driver for Brix Racing factory Oldsmobile World Sports Car Team; 2-time class winner, Rolex/Daytona 24-Hour; Overall wins at Portland and Phoenix.
1990-1992; Nissan factory driver for 300ZX IMSA sports car team. Multiple race wins including Watkins Glen, Mid-Ohio and Mosport.
1989; Factory driver for Dodge Motorsports IMSA GTU program. Multiple wins including Mosport, Sears Point and Del Mar.
1988-1989; Dodge Daytona factory driver in IMSA Firehawk Series. Multiple wins including Series Champion in 1989.
1986-1988; Barber-Saab Pro Series. Won seven of 27 races.
1984-1985; Skip Barber Race Series (North East Division). Multiple wins and Rookie of the Year in 1984.
1983; Jim Russell Racing School (Quebec, Canada); Elf-Winfield Racing School (Magny-Cours, France); Skip Barber Racing School (Poconos, PA, USA).
1978-1982; Multiple race winner in both modern and vintage racing cars.
References.
Interview - Autoracing1.com - July 2005 (subscription)
Q&A - Crash.net - April 2004
Motorsportpedia Page
Champ Car Teleconference with Ryan Briscoe - October 2006
The Globe and Mail - July 2003
CNET News - July 2006
Motorsport.com - February 2000
Autoracing1.com - December 2001 (subscription)
Racing Sports Cars
External Images.
1988 - Columbus Street Circuit - Firestone Firehawk - Dodge Daytona
1989 - Road Atlanta - Firestone Firehawk - Dodge Daytona
1989 - Road America - Firestone Firehawk - Eagle Talon
1989 - Road America - IMSA GTU - Dodge Daytona
1990 - Topeka - IMSA GTO - Nissan 300ZX Turbo
1990 - Topeka - IMSA GTO - Nissan 300ZX Turbo
1990 - Topeka - IMSA GTO - Nissan 300ZX Turbo
1990 - Topeka - IMSA GTO - Nissan 300ZX Turbo
1990 - Topeka - IMSA GTO - Nissan 300ZX Turbo
1990 - Mid-Ohio - IMSA GTO - Nissan 300ZX Turbo
1991 - Mid-Ohio - IMSA GTO - Nissan 300ZX Turbo
1991 - Road America - IMSA GTO - Nissan 300ZX Turbo
1992 - Mid-Ohio - IMSA GTS - Nissan 300ZX Turbo
1992 - Road America - IMSA GTS - Nissan 300ZX Turbo
2003 - Toronto - RuSPORT Atlantic Car (Aaron Justus)
2004 - Road America - RuSPORT Champ Car (Michel Jourdain Jr.)
2005 - Edmonton - RuSPORT Champ Car (AJ Allmendinger)
2006 - Edmonton - RuSPORT Champ Car (Justin Wilson)

</doc>
<doc id="19736504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736504" title="Christel Borghi">
Christel Borghi

Christel Borghi is a Swiss figure skater. She is the 1999 Swiss national champion. She placed 25th at the 1999 European Figure Skating Championships.
Borghi is an ISU Technical Specialist for Switzerland Among the competitions for which she has served as technical specialist are the 2008 ISU JGP Madrid Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19736526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736526" title="Krasna zemljo">
Krasna zemljo

Lyrics of the song "Krasna zemljo" were written by Ivan Cukon in 1912, and the music was composed by Matko Brajša Rašan. The song was written as the "Hymn of the Company Saints Cyril and Methodius" and later became an unofficial anthem of the region of Istria.
As the song was widely accepted as the anthem of the region, the assembly of the Istria County proclaimed the song as the regional anthem of Istria on 23 September 2002. Despite Istria has officially adopted Croatian—Italian bilingualism, the anthem is only sung in Croatian.
Official Lyrics.
Krasna zemljo.
<poem>
Krasna zemljo, Istro mila
dome roda hrvatskog
Kud se ori pjesan vila,
s Učke tja do mora tvog.
Glas se čuje oko Raše,
čuje Mirna, Draga, Lim
Sve se diže što je naše
za rod gori srcem svim.
Slava tebi Pazin - grade
koj' nam čuvaš rodni kraj
Divne li ste, oj Livade
nek' vas mine tuđi sjaj!
Sva se Istra širom budi
Pula, Buzet, Lošinj, Cres
Svud pomažu dobri ljudi
nauk žari kano krijes.
</poem>
English Translation.
<poem>
Beautiful land, dear Istria
home of the Croatian kin
Where the song of fairies sounds 
from Učka to your sea.
The voice is heard throughout the [Raša],
heard by Mirna, Draga, Lim
Everything is rising that is ours,
its heart burning for its kin
Glory to you Pazin - city
you that guard our birthplace
You're beautiful, oh meadows
let others shine cease upon you
all of Istria is waking up,
Pula, Buzet, Lošinj, Cres
everywhere the good people are helping,
knowledge is glowing like embers 
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="19736542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736542" title="Hangar One (Los Angeles, California)">
Hangar One (Los Angeles, California)

Hangar One, commonly referred to as Hangar No. 1, is an airplane hangar located on the grounds of Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) in Los Angeles, California. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Hangar No. 1 was built in 1929 and was the first structure built on what was then known as Mines Field. At the time, the airport consisted of a dirt landing strip in the middle of bean and barley fields. The building was constructed by the city for $35,000, and leased to the Curtiss Wright Flying Service. The airport opened in 1930 as the Los Angeles Municipal Airport, and was purchased by the city in 1937 and renamed the Los Angeles Airport. During this period the hangar was used by Charles Lindbergh and the German LZ 127 Graf Zeppelin was tied down near its doors during its stop in Los Angeles. In 1933 and 1936, tens of thousands of spectators lined up near Hangar No. 1 to watch the National Air Races. Commercial passenger air service did not begin at the airport until December 5, 1946.
The building was declared a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument No. 44 by the city's Historical Heritage Board on November 16, 1966. However, the building fell out of use in the 1970s and sat vacant. It was marked for demolition in the early 1980s to make way for airport expansion, however a group with interests in architecture and aviation stepped in and persuaded airport officials to save it. In 1990, a $2 million renovation brought it up to modern earthquake codes and restored its 1930s appearance. As a condition of renovation, the developer, Texas-based AVIA Development Group, earned permission to develop two new cargo buildings nearby. AVIA also made the application to the National Register of Historic Places, partly in order to gain $400,000 in tax credits.
It currently serves as a cargo building for the Aviation Facilities Company.
The two-story brick and concrete building was one of five designed in the Spanish Colonial Revival style, and is the only remaining structure. The hangar is noted for its architecture, especially its elaborate towers, tile roofs and arches. The designers intent was likely to promote the new airport. The building is , currently divided into of cargo handling space and of office space. The bay is in width by in length and is in height. It has two apron-side doors with a door width and height.

</doc>
<doc id="19736569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736569" title="2008 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid – Doubles">
2008 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid – Doubles

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals to Jonas Björkman and Kevin Ullyett.
Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski won in the final 6–4, 6–2, against Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles.
Seeds.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19736583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736583" title="Justice for the Elderly">
Justice for the Elderly

Justice for the Elderly (, "Tzedek LaZaken") was a political faction in Israel between June and October 2008. It was led by Moshe Sharoni, and had three seats.
History.
The faction was established on 2 June 2008 when three MKs from Gil (Moshe Sharoni, Elhanan Glazer and Sarah Marom) left the party. Glazer had initially decided not to quit Gil after being promised a Deputy Ministerial post (a decision which Sharoni claimed he would sue Glazer for NIS 2 million for), but eventually changed his mind again and left the party.
The faction was initially planned to be associated with the Social Justice party, with three three MKs promised places in the top five on the Social Justice list in the next elections and Sharoni a senior cabinet post, as well as funding amounting to tens of thousands of shekels a month. Gil MK Yitzhak Galanti stated that the "move could result in Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah or Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad also 'buying' a Knesset faction to represent their views". However, the agreement was later cancelled. 
On 15 October 2008 Sharoni announced that the faction was to merge back into Gil. The merger went ahead on 27 October, although Elhanan Glazer broke away to establish another new faction, The Right Way.

</doc>
<doc id="19736596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736596" title="Sugar Mountain (disambiguation)">
Sugar Mountain (disambiguation)

Sugar Mountain is a village in North Carolina. "Sugar Mountain" may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19736605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736605" title="Tongwei County">
Tongwei County

Tongwei County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Dingxi prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 743300, and its population in 1999 was 443,057 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19736618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736618" title="List of universities and colleges in Yunnan">
List of universities and colleges in Yunnan

This is a list of universities and colleges in Yunnan Province.
Note: Institutions without full-time bachelor programs are not listed.

</doc>
<doc id="19736627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736627" title="Zhang County">
Zhang County

Zhang County or Zhangxian is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Dingxi prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 748300, and its population in 1999 was 186,100 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19736642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736642" title="History of Bellingham, Washington">
History of Bellingham, Washington

The history of Bellingham, Washington, involves the settling of Whatcom County in the mid-to-late 19th century. The name of Bellingham is derived from the bay on which the city is situated. George Vancouver, who visited the area in June 1792, named the bay for Sir William Bellingham, the controller of the storekeeper's account of the Royal Navy.
Bellingham was officially incorporated on November 4, 1903. It was the result of the consolidation of four towns initially situated around Bellingham Bay: Whatcom, Sehome, Bellingham, and Fairhaven.
Four Towns.
The first white settlers reached the area in 1854. Local history and legend credit one "Blanket" Bill Jarman as the first white man to reside in the area. The original settlement was named Whatcom, located where Whatcom Creek empties into the bay. A stockade, "Fort Bellingham", was built on Peabody Hill, and commanded by Captain George E. Pickett, later to become famous as a Confederate General in the American Civil War. Pickett's house remains to this day as the oldest house in the city.
In 1858, the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush caused thousands of miners, storekeepers, and scalawags to head north from California. Whatcom grew overnight from a small northwest mill town to a bustling seaport, the basetown for the Whatcom Trail, which led to the Fraser Canyon goldfields, used in open defiance of colonial Governor James Douglas's edict that all entry to the gold colony be made via Victoria, British Columbia. The first brick building in Washington was built at this time, the T. G. Richards and Company Store. The first newspaper in Whatcom County, the Northern Light, was published by William Bausman during the boom. Just as soon as it started, the boom went bust with the miners being forced to stop at Victoria, B.C. for a permit before heading to the mining fields. Whatcom's population dropped almost as quickly as it had grown, and the sleepy little town on the bay returned.
Coal mining was commonplace near town from the mid-19th to mid-20th centuries. Coal was originally discovered by Henry Roeder off the northeastern shore of Bellingham Bay. In 1854, a group of San Francisco investors established Bellingham Bay Coal Company. By 1866, Darius Ogden Mills purchased and reorganized the company, making it a subsidiary of his Black Diamond Coal Mining Company. The Sehome Coal Mine at the present Laurel Street in Bellingham, employed 100 people in 1860. Under the management of Pierre B. Cornwall, the mine operated profitably until its closure in 1878. By this time, Black Diamond had acquired a considerable amount of land around Bellingham Bay, and throughout the next 19 years, Cornwall focused the company’s efforts on the sale of its real estate. The Blue Canyon mine, at the south end of Lake Whatcom, opened in 1891 with solid investment, and supplied lower-grade bituminous coal for the United States Pacific Fleet. Twenty-three workers died in huge explosion on April 8, 1895, Washington's worst industrial accident to date. The Blue Canyon mine closed in 1917, having produced 250,000 tons of coal. That same year, the Bellingham Coal Mines opened near present-day Northwest and Birchwood Avenues. The mine extended to hundreds of miles of tunnels as deep as 1200'. It ran southwest to Bellingham Bay, on both sides of Squalicum Creek, an area of about one square mile. It employed some 250 miners digging over 200,000 tons of coal annually, at its peak in the 1920s. It was closed in 1955.
In the early 1890s, three railroad lines arrived, connecting the bay cities to a nationwide market of builders. The foothills around Bellingham were clearcut after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake to help provide the lumber for the rebuilding of San Francisco. In time, lumber and shingle mills sprang up all over the county to accommodate the byproduct of their work.
In 1889, Cornwall and an association of investors formed the Bellingham Bay Improvement Company (BBIC). The company was mostly composed of wealthy California businessmen who were investing heavily into Bellingham with the vision that it would one day become an important urban center for commerce and trade. The BBIC invested in several diverse enterprises such as shipping, coal, mining, railroad construction, real estate sales and utilities. Even though their dreams of turning Bellingham into a Pacific Northwest metropolis never came to fruition, the BBIC made an immense contribution to the economic development of Bellingham. The BBIC had the franchise for providing electricity to the city of Bellingham, which at that time primarily went to street lighting and electric streetcars. However, by 1903 the small generator powering Bellingham was proving to be inadequate for the growing city. The BBIC began developing a hydroelectric plant on the north fork of the Nooksack River, below Nooksack Falls. However, all the difficulties of maintaining a generator and trying to construct the Nooksack site took its toll on BBIC. In 1905 the board of directors announced the sale of its utility holdings to Stone & Webster.
BBIC was not the only outside firm with an interest in Bellingham utilities. The General Electric Company of New York purchased Bellingham's Fairhaven Line and New Whatcom street rail line in 1897. In 1898 the utility merged into the Northern Railway and Improvement Company which prompted the Electric Corporation of Boston to purchase a large block of shares. Stone & Webster was also involved in Puget Sound area railways including a considerable amount in Seattle, Tacoma and Everett. By 1902, Stone & Webster had acquired the Fairhaven and New Whatcom. Over the next several months Northern Railway and Improvement sold the rest of its holdings which included Fairhaven Electric Light, Power and Motor Company and the Whatcom-Fairhaven Gas Company. Stone & Webster organized these under the umbrella name of the Whatcom County Railway and Light Company.
By 1903, there were four cities on Bellingham Bay where Bellingham is now.
Fairhaven.
In 1861 "Dirty Dan" Harris purchased much of the land that is now Fairhaven for $53.75. He platted the land in 1883, giving it its current name. A group of investors in Seattle and Tacoma purchased the town for $70,000, hoping to create a metropolis that would rival Seattle and Tacoma. Fairhaven's population in 1903 is estimated at 5,500. Major industries included fishing, sawmills and shipyards. A single canning facility employed a thousand people.
Early Bellingham.
Bellingham was officially incorporated on November 4, 1903. It was the result of the consolidation of four towns initially situated around Bellingham Bay: Whatcom, Sehome, Bellingham, and Fairhaven. A fictionalized account of the history of Bellingham in this era is "The Living" by Annie Dillard.
The Bellingham Riots occurred on September 5, 1907. A group of 400-500 white men with intentions to exclude East Indian immigrants from the local work force mobbed waterfront barracks. The white men beat and hospitalized 6 Indians while 410 Indians were jailed. No actions were taken against the perpetrators.
Fishing has also played an important part in the development of the region. By 1925, eight salmon canneries were doing business in Whatcom County - two on Bellingham Bay, the rest at Lummi Island, Semiahmoo and Chuckanut Bay. Together, they packed nearly a half-million cases of salmon one year.
Increased efficiency in the canneries, combined with the cold efficiency of the fish traps, decimated the area's salmon runs. Traps were banned in the 1930s, prompting canneries to move their fish-catching operations to Alaska, where salmon were still abundant and traps were still legal.
Bellingham's proximity to the Strait of Juan de Fuca and to the Inside Passage to Alaska helped keep some cannery operations here. P.A.F., for example, shipped empty cans to Alaska, where they were packed with fish and shipped back for storage.
Late 20th century.
Pipeline Accident.
On June 10, 1999, the Olympic Pipeline ruptured in Whatcom Falls Park near Whatcom Creek, leaking 237,000 US gallons (897 m³) of gasoline into the creek. The NTSB determined that the probable cause of the accident was the damage done by an IMCO construction crew while conducting modifications to a water treatment plant, but not reported to Olympic or any agency authorities. The pipeline carries gasoline, diesel and jet fuel from four refineries to the Renton, Washington distribution center and to locations as far south as Portland, Oregon, including all the fuel for Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. The four refineries are the BP's Cherry Point Refinery and ConocoPhillips' refinery both at Ferndale, Washington and Shell Oil Company's refinery and Tesoro's refinery both at Anacortes, Washington.
The vapor layer from the spill overcame an 18 year old man, Liam Gordon Wood, who was fishing in the creek; he fell into the creek and subsequently drowned. An explosion was set off by two young boys playing with a fireplace lighter and burned over a mile (1.6 km) of the creek bed and sent a black smoke cloud over 30,000 feet (10 km) into the air. Steven Tsiorvias and Wade King, both age 10, were students at nearby Roosevelt Elementary School. They were discovered by firefighters immediately and rushed to St. Joseph's Hospital. The boys were airlifted to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. They died the next day due to extensive burns from proximity to the blast. Although some buildings were destroyed, due to road closures and evacuations around the creek, there were no further fatalities. The explosion resulted in over $45 million in property damage. Several years later, the families of the pipeline victims sued Olympic Pipeline Company and settled for around $100 million in damages, which they pledged would help support pipeline safety and provide legal representation for pipeline accident victims.
Because of the efforts of the Tsiorvias and King families, whose children died in the tragedy, the U.S. Department of Justice worked to make $4 million of the criminal settlement with the pipeline companies available to start the independent Pipeline Safety Trust. The Pipeline Safety Trust is now the only independent non-profit organization working to ensure greater safety of the pipelines that run through communities nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19736649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736649" title="Campus Hoopla">
Campus Hoopla

Campus Hoopla is an American game show that ran on the NBC Television network from December 27, 1946 until its cancellation in 1947. The show was centered around a group of teenagers in a soda shop.
Episode status.
Episode segments of live TV broadcasts (video and audio) of "Campus Hoopla" dating from 1947 exist in the Hubert Chain Collection of the earliest kinescopes still in existence, as preserved in the Library of Congress (Moving Image Collection). Audio recordings of live TV broadcasts of this show are also on file at the Library of Congress from the 1946–47 period, as recorded from WNBT-TV in New York (NBC's original flagship station in New York City, today's WNBC-TV). 
Eva Marie Saint, the cheerleader who did live Keds sneakers commercials on this program, also talks about her performance on this early TV show along with photos in 1947 and 1949 issues of "Life" magazine. The show was sponsored by U.S. Rubber (makers of Keds). "Billboard" reviews from 1946–47 pan the show as an example of TV mediocrity, but it had a loyal following on early TV.

</doc>
<doc id="19736652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736652" title="Weiyuan">
Weiyuan

Weiyuan may refer to following in China:

</doc>
<doc id="19736672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736672" title="Marius Negrea">
Marius Negrea

Marius Cristian Negrea (born October 27, 1964 in Braşov) is a Romanian figure skater who also competed for Switzerland. He competed at the 1992 Winter Olympics and the 1994 Winter Olympics for Romania, placing 27th in 1992 (failing to qualify for the free skate) and 19th in 1994. He is the 1995 Swiss national champion. He switched back to competing for Romania in 1996.
Following his retirement from competitive skating, he began working as a coach. His current and former students include Gheorghe Chiper, Adrian Matei, and Roxana Luca.

</doc>
<doc id="19736676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736676" title="Apito">
Apito

Apito de Samba is the whistle ("apito" in Portuguese) used in samba music and other Brazilian music styles. In samba a special tri-tone samba whistle and common referee whistles are also used. It is important in organizing and conducting the band. The band leader and the section leaders make various signals to organize the band.
More info at:apitoworld.com
Outside Brasil, especially in Europe, the samba whistle is also used as a rhythm instrument. This part is not compelling done by the band leader.
The samba whistle is easy to learn, so it is also a suitable toy musical instrument for children. In this field of application, but also in samba music, the samba whistle is a perfect supplement for the maracas.

</doc>
<doc id="19736677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736677" title="Christen Mikkelsen Kold">
Christen Mikkelsen Kold

Christen Mikkelsen Kold (sometimes spelled Kristen or Cristen; March 29, 1816 — April 6, 1870) was a Danish teacher, notable for creating the Danish high-school system.
Kold was born in Thisted, Jutland.
Unsatisfied with the education system of Denmark at the time, he founded a school in Ryslinge in 1851, which later became a model for the folk high-school system. His work has to be seen in context with that of N. F. S. Grundtvig.
Kold died in Dalum, Fyn (not to be confused with Dalum, Sweden).

</doc>
<doc id="19736682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736682" title="Weywot">
Weywot

Weywot (also spelled Wiyot) may be:

</doc>
<doc id="19736695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736695" title="Benjamin Prize">
Benjamin Prize

The Benjamin Prize was established as a Norwegian prize to counter racism in 2002. The prize is awarded in memory of Benjamin Hermansen, who at the age of 15 years, was murdered in Holmlia, Søndre Nordstrand in Oslo, Norway. The death was racially motivated. 
The prize is awarded each year on 27 January in conjunction with the commemoration of the Holocaust. On this date Soviet forces liberated concentration camps in Auschwitz and Birkenau. The prize is awarded to a school that actively works against racism and discrimination. 
The work for which the award is given is to be characterized by: 
The prize consists of 100,000 kroner, and a miniature bust of Benjamin Hermansen on Holmlia. Ivar Sjaastad created the sculpture which is included as part of the award. 
The Norwegian Directorate for Education and Training awards the prize. The jury which determines the recipient consists of Marit Hermansen (Benjamin’s mother), and representatives from the Antiracism Center, the Sami Parliament of Norway, Union of Education Norway, Parents Committee for Primary and Lower Secondary Education, and the Norwegian Center for Studies of Holocaust and Religious Minorities.

</doc>
<doc id="19736708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736708" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 35">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 35

The 35th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19736714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736714" title="Weiyuan County, Gansu">
Weiyuan County, Gansu

Weiyuan County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Dingxi prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 748200, and its population in 1999 was 335,568 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19736724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736724" title="Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper (album)">
Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper (album)

Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper is the debut album from rock/psychobilly musical artists Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper, released in 1985.
Credits.
Skid Roper: Upright washboard and other stuff
Mojo Nixon: Vocals, Guitar and Foot
Recorded at The Bungalow, Coronado, Calif.
Except Rockin' Religion, Black Yo' Eye, recorded at Soundtrax, S.D. Calif.
Produced by Mudbone
Mixed at Hit Single Below a Shopping Center
Photography by Jeff de Rose
Design by Skidmore Grafix
Critical reception.
Blogger RYP writes of this album, "It reveals this dynamic duo at their vibrant best, putting across an instrumental conceit that weds a kind of old-timey instrumentation with a whisky-soaked, poetry-slam mentality."

</doc>
<doc id="19736731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736731" title="Anemone (Eureka Seven)">
Anemone (Eureka Seven)

Character.
Anemone is the pilot of the Nirvash typeTheEND. She is regularly accompanied by her strange and overweight pet, Gulliver. He is an unknown species but seems to resemble a badger. Dewey Novak assigns Dominic Sorel to be her caretaker and monitor her condition as his plans develop.
Anemone was modified in some way by Dewey's scientists to make her more like a Coralian (this is why her eyes are similar to Eureka's), and conditioned to pilot TheEND. Anemone was the only person to survive the experiments that the doctors put her through, but she is damaged both mentally and physically as a result. She regularly suffers from painful headaches, nosebleeds, and emotional instability, most of which can be temporarily treated with a drug injected into a receptor in her neck.
In her drugged state, Anemone is almost unbeatable in the skies with TheEND. Renton and Eureka initially have trouble fighting with her even with the Nirvash typeZERO, but do much better after it is upgraded. Thanks in part to her more advanced LFO, Anemone can outfly most regular LFOs. Even Holland in his Terminus typeR909 is not able to stand against her for very long.
When not under the effects of the drugs, Anemone is often moody and reluctant to carry out a mission with TheEND. At such times, Dominic injects the drugs into her neck, which calms her mind and brings out her more focused, violent personality. After her multiple failures due to Gekkostate, she begins to feel depressed, as she fears that she is no longer of value in combat. When she attempts to follow Renton and Eureka into the Zone in episode 42, she has a small flashback of her happy life with her parents before she became an experiment subject.
Relationships.
Dominic Sorel.
At first Dominic merely serves as Anemone's caretaker. He eventually falls in love with Anemone, but she does not return his feelings until very late in the series. Anemone begins to reciprocate Dominic's feelings after he is sent to retrieve her replacement by Dewey. These feelings culminate when she is sent on a mission to enter the Scub realm.
During her final battle with Renton and Eureka, they try to convince her that Dominic will understand her feelings. She prepares to fire TheEND's "Vascud Crisis" believing that she scared Dominic away with her personality, but changes her mind when Dominic and Gulliver arrive via a transport shuttle. Dominic clings to a ref board, his shuttle having been destroyed through repeated impacts during the trip. In spite of Anemone's sudden change of heart, TheEND fires at the typeZERO. The typeZERO dodges the attack, and the subsequent shockwave knocks Dominic unconscious. An emotional cry from Anemone causes TheEND to eject Anemone from the cockpit so she can save Dominic. During the fall she calls him an idiot for following him here, but she's estatic he came anyway to save her. In those moments she tells him that this is the first time in her life she's been so happy. It is while in freefall that the two kiss.
In the aftermath of the second Summer of Love, Dominic and Anemone can be seen camping out under the stars and looking up at the moon.
Dewey Novak.
Anemone initially adores Dewey, showing him both affection and respect. It is unclear whether she does not realize that Dewey is responsible for her current tortured existence, or simply doesn't care. Her feelings change later in the series, when she finds out that he has merely been using her to further his plans.
Manga.
Anemone enjoys sweet food and she wants to eat something more. She first meets Eureka and offers some sweet food. During the Coralian invasion, Anemone was made as sacrifice, but Dominic took her place from The End and dies. Anemone's legs get injured in the process. Two years later, Anemone was seen on a wheelchair with Mischa visiting Dominic's grave where her pet, Gulliver is missing and she found him with a girl looking at a flower, and was curious to know what it is, and Anemone respond by telling her that it is called an anemone.
Movie.
Anemone and her boyfriend, Dominic, helped the orphans escape from their destroyed village. Then a bright light flashes below them, which Anemone disappears in and Dominic dies. Anemone was discovered at the Vadorac Shrine as an old woman with a larva, The End. Eureka threatens the Gekkostate by shooting Anemone until an EIZO hand appear and attacks them which Anemone uses a barrier to freeze time around her. She went back as a young girl and tells Eureka that her choice to be with her love one is pure and that they must follow their own paths. Renton with an evolved Nirvash appear and destroyed the EIZO hand and Anemone told Renton and Eureka to follow their own happiness. Anemone appeared to Coda and tells her to watch the battle of the loved ones to fight for their future. When the battle was over, Anemone calls Coda a storyteller and asks her to write what has happened for others to know about the past. As soon as Coda looks back at Anemone, she disappears and then saw her inside larva The End with Dominic as the two of them were happy to be together again and with that they both disappear with larva The End.
Reception.
In its review of the series' second DVD, Anime News Network criticized Anemone's character design, calling it "silly and too-angular", but "a good match for her personality." The site also said in its review of the third DVD that "Anemone is a great, though not likeable, addition as a character whose attitude is as sharp-edged as her appearance but far more troubled and rotten."

</doc>
<doc id="19736770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736770" title="Abraham Greenawalt">
Abraham Greenawalt

Abraham Greenawalt (1834 – October 27, 1922) was a soldier in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He earned the Medal of Honor for the capture of a Confederate corps headquarters flag at the Second Battle of Franklin, Tennessee, on November 30, 1864.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:
Capture of corps headquarters flag (C.S.A.).

</doc>
<doc id="19736780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736780" title="Colorado Mountain Club">
Colorado Mountain Club

The Colorado Mountain Club (CMC), formed in 1912, is a nonprofit, 501 (c)(3) outdoor education organization based in Golden, Colorado that gathers and disseminates information regarding Colorado's mountains in the areas of art, science, literature and recreation. The club advocates for the preservation of the alpine regions, and was instrumental in the creation of Rocky Mountain National Park. The CMC has its own press with over 30 published titles, and has continuously published "Trail & Timberline" magazine since 1918.
History.
From 25 charter members in 1912, the club rapidly grew to 200 members barely a year later, when the CMC became a nonprofit corporation. Charter members included such notable historic figures as Enos Mills, Roger Toll, and Carl Blaurock.
In 1974, the club purchased its first permanent home in Denver, Colorado. In 1993, the CMC partnered with the American Alpine Club to found the American Mountaineering Center in Golden, Colorado. The building houses the largest mountaineering library in the world, as well as a state-of-the-art museum, which opened in February, 2008, and is named for famed mountaineer Henry Bradford Washburn, Jr.
Groups.
The CMC has a state-level organization along with 14 local groups, serving communities such as Denver, Boulder, Colorado Springs, Pueblo, and Aspen.
Education.
The club first ventured into education by forming a mountaineering school in 1939. Today, the club offers classes in a variety of subjects, including wilderness trekking, nature photography, mountaineering, climbing, wilderness first aid, fly fishing, and leadership. Classes are taught by volunteers and often involve lectures and field days.
Trips.
Members of the club are able to sign up for trips, most of which take place within the state of Colorado. Trips are led by volunteer trip leaders who handle the planning and organization as well as the execution. Trips may include such activities as hiking, climbing, fishing, and photography and are offered at various levels of difficulty. The club's adventure travel program also provides international travel opportunities.
Stewardship.
The CMC has a conservation committee that is active in representing hiker interests in the state of Colorado. It also conducts volunteer trail work throughout the state to help maintain and build hiking trails.
Fourteeners.
The CMC is the official repository for summit registers on Colorado's popular fourteeners. It also maintains the comprehensive list of each person who has climbed all 54 of these high peaks.

</doc>
<doc id="19736785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736785" title="Honggu District">
Honggu District

Honggu District is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is part of the Lanzhou prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. 

</doc>
<doc id="19736786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736786" title="Sailing to the World">
Sailing to the World

Sailing to the World is an album arrangement by composer Yasunori Mitsuda of the soundtrack from a little-known Taiwanese PC game that Mitsuda scored called "Seventh Seal". Possessing all but one track from the original soundtrack, the album is a display of Mitsuda's various styles (Celtic, Indian, Spanish, etc.), and is considered one of the more obscure works in his discography. An album with piano arrangements by Masashi Hamauzu called "Sailing to the World Piano Score" was released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19736794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736794" title="Donnie Elliott">
Donnie Elliott

Donald Glenn Elliott (Born: September 20, 1968 in Pasadena, Texas) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher who played from 1994 to 1995 for the San Diego Padres. He was and he weighed 190 pounds.
Prior to being drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies in the seventh round of the 1987 draft, Elliott attended Deer Park High School and then San Jacinto College. He began his professional career in 1988, as a starting pitcher. Pitching for the Martinsville Phillies, he went 4–2 with a 3.66 ERA, striking out 77 batters in 59 innings pitched that season. 
In 1989, he pitched for the Batavia Clippers and Spartanburg Phillies, going a combined 6–4 with a 1.88. He did not play affiliated professional baseball in 1990 due to injury.
Splitting the 1991 season between the Spartanburg Phillies and Clearwater Phillies, Elliott went a combined 11–9 with a 3.25 ERA. On December 9, he was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the Rule 5 draft, however he was returned to the Phillies on April 1, 1992. 
On May 28, 1992, he was traded to the Atlanta Braves for Ben Rivera. In 103 innings with the Greenville Braves, he went 7–2 with a 2.08 ERA. Ranked the ninth best prospect in the Braves organization by Baseball America prior to the 1993 season, he began the year with the Richmond Braves, going 8–5 with a 4.72 ERA with them. On July 18, his was traded to the Padres with Melvin Nieves and minor leaguer Vince Moore for Fred McGriff. He spent the rest of the year with the Las Vegas Stars, going 2–5 with a 6.37 ERA. Overall. he went 10–10 with a 5.19 ERA. 
April 23, 1994 marked the date of Elliott's major league debut. It would end up being his only big league start. Coincidentally, the opposing team he was facing was the team that originally drafted him, the Phillies. Even more coincidentally, he was facing the pitcher he was traded for on May 28, 1992, Ben Rivera. Neither pitcher fared very well in that game, with Elliott lasting only 2 innings, giving up two earned runs, four hits and two walks. Rivera lasted four innings, allowing seven hits, five earned runs and four walks. In the end, the Padres won the game 8–2. After being converted to a reliever, Elliott did much better, finishing the season with a 3.27 ERA in 30 total games, with his ERA as a reliever being 2.97. 
He made only one appearance in the majors in 1995, on September 19. In two innings, he allowed two hits and one walk, while striking out three batters. He allowed zero earned runs. That would be the final game of his big league career. In the minors that season, he spent seven games with the Las Vegas Stars, posting a 4.50 ERA in eight innings. 
Even though his big league career was over, he stuck around in the minors for a while. In 1996, he was back in the Phillies organization, pitching for the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons. He went 5–11 with a 4.79 ERA as a starter. He did not play affiliated baseball in 1997, and in 1998 he played his final season, this time in the Texas Rangers organization. Pitching for the Tulsa Drillers, he went 1–1 with a 5.79 ERA in 20 relief appearances. 
Overall, he appeared in 31 games in the majors, making 1 start and going 0–1 with a 3.09 ERA.
Other information.
One day during the 1994 season, Elliott's teammate, Trevor Hoffman asked Elliott how he threw his change-up. Elliott showed Hoffman his usual grip of pinching his index finger and thumb together at the point of release. Hoffman perfected this pitch and credits this usual grip as helping him master one of the nastiest change-ups in the major leagues. Elliott is now teaching his change-up to high school pitchers as he is currently the head baseball coach at South Houston High School in the Pasadena Independent School District. Elliott was a high school teammate of former Philadelphia Eagles defensive lineman Tommy Jeter and New York Yankee's pitcher Andy Pettitte.

</doc>
<doc id="19736803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736803" title="Anning District">
Anning District

The Anning District is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is part of the Lanzhou prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. 

</doc>
<doc id="19736811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736811" title="Aegista tokyoensis">
Aegista tokyoensis

Aegista tokyoensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="19736815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736815" title="Zeno Clash">
Zeno Clash

Zeno Clash is a first-person fighting video game, with some elements of a first-person shooter. It is the debut game of Chilean developer ACE Team and uses Valve Corporation's Source engine. It was first released for download through Valve's content delivery service, Steam, on April 21, . The Xbox 360 version, entitled "Zeno Clash: Ultimate Edition", was released May 5, 2010 and contains additional features not found in the PC version. The game is set in the fantasy world of Zenozoik, and follows Ghat, a young man who is on the run from his vengeful siblings, and Deadra, his female companion, as they travel through strange and exotic lands.
The PC version of the game was favorably received by most critics, receiving an aggregate score of 77/100 on Metacritic and 77.50% on GameRankings. The Xbox 360 version was similarly received by critics, averaging 74/100 at Metacritic and 75.46% at GameRankings. Critics praised its strange yet robust setting and unique character designs. It was a finalist for Excellence in Visual Art at the 2009 Independent Games Festival, was named 2009's Independent Game of the Year by "PC Gamer", and PC Game of the Month by IGN in April 2009.
Gameplay.
In the main story mode, players assume the role of Ghat and progress through the world of Zenozoik, visiting various locations in a linear sequence. Gameplay is presented in first-person perspective, with occasional cutscenes in third-person perspective. When the player enters certain areas, it triggers a scripted sequence, initiating a battle in which the player must defeat all enemies to proceed. Ghat is proficient in martial arts, and can dodge or counter enemy attacks. While there is a strong focus on unarmed combat, Ghat can also obtain unconventional melee and ranged weapons by several means, such as disarming enemies. Intermittent segments of the game play similarly to a linear progression shooter.
In addition to the single-player story, Challenge Mode allows the player to defeat enemies while climbing a tower or descending into a pit. The results are ranked through Steam every time the player beats a tower floor's final boss.
Plot.
The story takes place in a fictional fantasy world called Zenozoik, and begins in a town called Halstedom. The game commences with Ghat, the game's protagonist, regaining consciousness after setting off an explosion which kills Father-Mother, an ostensibly hermaphroditic creature, which has raised a large and influential family. Ghat is one of Father-Mother's children, who turned on it after discovering its secret. Ghat runs away from the town, chased by his brothers and sisters seeking to kill him, and is banished from his family. He is accompanied by a female companion named Deadra who has saved Ghat from apathy.
During their travels away from Halstedom, Ghat explains to Deadra through partially interactive flashbacks the events that led up to his attempt on Father-Mother's life. One of the first things that is mentioned is that he lived for a time with the Corwid of the Free, the insane residents of the forests of Zenozoik. While he has turned away from his past life as a Corwid, his brothers and sisters still consider him as one. Ghat still harbors a sense of admiration for the single-mindedness of Corwids. Regardless, when he encounters them a fight ensues.
Later on, Deadra and Ghat reach a large desert area. When Ghat returns from hunting rabbit-like creatures, he discovers a blind mercenary known only as the Hunter, who points a rifle at Deadra's head while she sleeps. The Hunter reveals that he was sent after them by Ghat's family, and was instructed to kill both him and Deadra. Ghat pleads for her life, and the Hunter agrees to let her live if Ghat will come to a secluded area with him to fight. Ghat manages to defeat the Hunter and then leaves with Deadra. Ghat and Deadra eventually reach the end of the world. It is there that they meet Golem, an ancient being placed there by an unknown group of people to wait there until he was needed. Golem has a complete knowledge of Ghat and Father-Mother's conflict, which he says he will end, along with all other conflicts.
Upon Ghat's return to the city, he is confronted by his angry brothers and sisters once more. After this confrontation, a heavily wounded Father-Mother reveals itself, showing that it is still alive. It declares another fight with Ghat to end the strife once and for all. A ferocious battle ensues, in which Ghat defeats Father-Mother once more. With Father-Mother at his mercy, he decides neither to kill it, nor reveal its secret. However, Golem discloses the secret anyway—that Father-Mother is actually a male creature that steals babies from their families. It is revealed that Ghat, upon inadvertently learning this, was chased out of town by Father-Mother in an attempt to protect his secret. The game ends after Golem makes several cryptic statements about their world and family.
Development.
While "Zeno Clash" was ACE Team's first original game, they have been developing game modifications since the 1990s. Their last project, "Zenozoik", was far larger in scope than "Zeno Clash", and attempted to incorporate the disparate elements of shooting, role-playing, melee combat and sandbox gameplay. ACE Team later realized that it was too ambitious for a small independent studio, and decided to make a more focused game. "Zeno Clash" is what emerged—player exploration is linear, and role-playing elements were excluded altogether. The game was initially conceived as a total conversion modification using the Source engine. ACE Team showed a demo version to Valve, the creators of the engine, who were impressed by the game's quality. The two companies then negotiated an engine licensing and distribution deal.
In an interview, the developers have stated that they consider the game to be a "First-Person Fighter (with some shooter elements)". They also likened it to "Dark Messiah meets Double Dragon", and stated that they have drawn a lot of inspiration from traditional fighting games—this includes "versus screens" sliding in before combat is initiated. Regarding the art style, they cited Hieronymus Bosch’s paintings and John Blanche's "punk fantasy" illustrations as visual inspirations. They stated that publishers were unsure if consumers could relate to the art direction, but nonetheless stuck to their vision, creating a game that looks unlike anything else on the market. To get their desired organic look, they used static props exported from 3D Studio Max with pre-rendered lighting instead of using brush-based geometry that Source was specialized for.
On October 2009, ACE Team announced that they partnered with Atlus to release a port of the game for Xbox Live Arcade. This version of the game dubbed "Zeno Clash: Ultimate Edition" adds new game modes and features such as cooperative gameplay for tower challenges in both offline and online games, new attacks, new weapons, a new voice actress for the character Deadra, a character gallery and an awareness system. "Zeno Clash: Ultimate Edition" was released on Xbox Live Arcade on the May 5, 2010.
Release.
It was first released for download through Valve's content delivery service, Steam, on April 21, 2009, and is available for purchase either directly through Steam or via Direct2Drive. It was published for retail by Noviy Disk in Russia, and by Iceberg Interactive in Europe. In October 2009, Tripwire Interactive announced that it planned to publish the game for retail in North America "soon". Atlus has announced that they will be bringing an Ultimate Edition of the game to the Xbox 360 as an Xbox Live Arcade download in March 2010. ACE Team continued to provide support post-release, releasing character models for use with another Source engine game, Garry's Mod, several new Challenge levels as free downloadable content, and a software development kit.
"Zeno Clash" received some press for its developers' reaction to piracy. ACE Team member Carlos Bordeu left comments on many torrent sites saying that ACE Team did not intend to stop the piracy of "Zeno Clash", but rather implored downloaders to purchase the game if they enjoyed it. ACE Team later claimed that their unique approach, while probably not changing the minds of potential pirates, accidentally generated press which helped to market the product. On May 19, 2009 the developers announced that a sequel to "Zeno Clash" was in the works. Ghat will reprise his role as the protagonist, and several characters such as Father-Mother and Golem have been confirmed to return. ACE Team has expressed a desire to incorporate elements of role-playing games that were present in their previous abandoned project, "Zenozoik".
Reception.
The game received an aggregate score of 77/100 on Metacritic and 77.80% on GameRankings. In January 2009, "Zeno Clash" was a nominated finalist in the Independent Games Festival yearly competition, in the category of Excellence in Visual Art. It was one of five games to be selected for this award, from a total of 226 participating titles. It was named PC Game of the Month by IGN for April 2009. It was praised for its originality and "satisfying sense of combat." It was a finalist in the category of Best Debut in the Tenth Annual Game Developer Choice Awards. It also won "PC Gamer"s 2009's Independent Game of the Year.
The gaming website Rock, Paper, Shotgun reviewed the game two days before its release, giving it four out of four thumbs up and highly recommending the title. "Zeno Clash: Ultimate Edition" was similarly received by critics, averaging 74/100 at Metacritic and 75.46% at GameRankings. Sales for "Ultimate Edition" are reported as being significantly lower than the PC version. It did however place eighth in sales the week of its release
The unique visual design and story received high praise from most critics. The reviewers from Rock, Paper, Shotgun stated that while the art of the game was "really unusual to look at" they felt that the visuals were "something of a reward". Eurogamer's Dan Pearson called the game's environments "lushly crafted and massively colourful". Jamin Smith, reviewer for Videogamer.com felt that the "narrative that was (probably) conjured up during an intense drug induced trip." He went on to call the game world "incredibly cohesive" and stated that the story provided a perfect compliment to the atmosphere. Jason Ocampo of IGN remarked in his review that "thanks to smart design and storytelling, it feels refreshingly original and completely compelling."
Reviewers were divided on gameplay aspects. 1UP.com's Scott Sharkey felt that the first person fisticuffs were convincing when combined with camera motion; he compared such aspects to "Mirror's Edge". Eduardo Reboucas of Game Revolution felt that the trigger-based controls of the "Ultimate Edition" took some getting used to and that some encounters with enemies can occasionally become frustrating. Jason Ocampo of IGN felt that the hand-to-hand combat was "a bit clumsy, but wholly satisfying at the same time." Brett Todd of GameSpot was less favorable, calling it "simplistic" and "monotonous," citing its lack of variety in gameplay.

</doc>
<doc id="19736824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736824" title="Xigu District">
Xigu District

The Xigu District is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is part of the Lanzhou prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. 
Economy.
The Bapanxia Dam on the Yellow River is located within the district, at . 

</doc>
<doc id="19736831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736831" title="Paging You">
Paging You

Paging You was a BBC comedy series which debuted on 3 November 1946 and was subsequently cancelled in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="19736832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736832" title="Carbon nitride">
Carbon nitride

Carbon nitrides are compounds of carbon and nitrogen.
Percyanoalkynes, -alkenes and -alkanes.
Dicyanopolyynes.
Dicyanopolyynes are composed of a chain of carbon atoms with alternating single and triple bonds, terminated by nitrogen atoms. Although not a polyyne dicyanoacetylene otherwise fits within this series.

</doc>
<doc id="19736844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736844" title="Francis G. Neubeck">
Francis G. Neubeck

Francis Gregory Neubeck (born April 11, 1932) is a retired colonel in the United States Air Force and a former USAF astronaut. Although he trained for the USAF Manned Orbital Laboratory (MOL), the program was cancelled before any of the MOL crews reached space.
Neubeck was born in Washington, D.C. and graduated in 1955 from the United States Naval Academy. Although a USNA graduate, he chose to begin his career in the United States Air Force. In 1972, he earned a master's degree in business administration from Auburn University in Alabama.
At the start of his USAF career, Neubeck worked on the development of weapons systems and as a flight instructor. He graduated from the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School in class 60C, Aerospace Research Pilot School (ARPS) Class III, and MOL. In 1965, he was selected as one of the first astronauts to the Air Force's classified Manned Orbital Laboratory. The goal of the MOL program, canceled in 1969 before sending any astronauts into space, was to man a space station with military astronauts using a modified Gemini spacecraft. The history of the MOL program was presented in the Public Television series NOVA episode called "Astrospies" which aired February 12, 2008.
After the MOL program cancellation, Neubeck continued his USAF career including a combat tour in south-east Asia. He also served as vice commander at the Tactical Air Warfare Center at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida before retiring from the Air Force in 1986. Neubeck worked in the aerospace industry, became an author, and ran for public office. In 1986, he became the Republican nominee for the U.S. House of Representatives from Florida's first congressional district but was not elected. As of 2007, Neubeck resides in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19736849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736849" title="Qilihe District">
Qilihe District

The Qilihe District is an administrative district in the city of Lanzhou, which is the capital of the Gansu Province, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 administrative districts of Gansu.
Qilihe District is located on the southern bank of the Yellow River, and includes part of Lanzhou's main urban area, which stretches for tens of kilometers along the river. In the east, it borders on Chengguan District (which includes the downtown Lanzhou), and in the west, on Xigu District. The district also includes some sparsely populated arid highlands south of the river, stretching for several tens of kilometers up to the border of the Dingxi prefecture-level city.
The district's sights include the waterfront Xihu Park (西湖公园), with a good view of the Yellow River and the well-known "Mother River" statue, symbolizing the role of the Yellow River for Chinese civilization. The monument is considered the symbol of Lanzhou.
Lanzhou Workers' Palace of Culture is also in the district, not far from its border with the downtown Chengguan District.

</doc>
<doc id="19736878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736878" title="Viktor Vlasov (sport shooter)">
Viktor Vlasov (sport shooter)

Viktor Alekseevich Vlasov (born 11 June 1951) is a former Soviet sport shooter and Olympic champion.
He received a gold medal in "50 m rifle 3 pos" at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="19736881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736881" title="2003 Connecticut Sun season">
2003 Connecticut Sun season

The 2003 WNBA season was their 5th season and their 1st in Connecticut. The Sun made the playoffs for the first time since 2000. They would sweep the Charlotte Sting in the first round, only to get swept to the eventual champion Detroit Shock in the conference finals.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Sun's 2002 record, they would pick 6th in the Miami Sol/Portland Fire dispersal draft. The Sun selected point guard Debbie Black.
Schedule.
Playoffs.
In the first round of the Eastern Conference Playoffs, the Sun had to face the Charlotte Sting. Since the Sting had the better record, the series would be played with game 1 at Connecticut, game 2 at Charlotte, and game 3 (if needed) at Charlotte. The Sun swept the Sting and advanced to the second round.
In the second round of the Eastern Conference Playoffs, the Sun had to face the Detroit Shock. Since the Shock had the better record, the series would be played with game 1 at Connecticut and games 2 and 3 (if needed) at Detroit. The Shock swept the Sun and game 3 was not needed.

</doc>
<doc id="19736882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736882" title="Reddell, Louisiana">
Reddell, Louisiana

Reddell is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Evangeline Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is located approximately two miles north of Mamou along Louisiana Highway 13.
Reddell has a post office (zip code: 70580), grocery store, and one of the largest rice drier elevators in the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19736888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736888" title="Deer Park High School (Texas)">
Deer Park High School (Texas)

Deer Park High School, located in Deer Park, Texas, is a high school serving 3,780 students from grades 9-12 and is a part of the Deer Park Independent School District.
The school consists of two separate campuses: Deer Park High School North Campus (Grade 9) and Deer Park High School South Campus (Grades 10-12).
Feeder schools.
The high school is fed by four junior high schools:
Bonnette Junior High, Deepwater Junior High, Deer Park Junior High, and Fairmont Junior High.
Faculty.
Deer Park School District has 842 teachers. Of those teaching in the district 33% have advanced degrees. 
Notable alumni.
Other famous alumni
New Construction 2007.
During the end of the 2007 school year, Deer Park High School began remodeling the campus to better serve the student population.
News Article.
In 2008, "USA Today" cited Deer Park High School in a study about schools being exposed to toxic emissions from factories. The article said that the school's proximity to oil refineries along the Houston Ship Channel threatened its students with high levels of 1,3-Butadiene and other harmful gases.

</doc>
<doc id="19736905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736905" title="Thorybes pylades">
Thorybes pylades

The Northern Cloudywing is a species of the Hesperiidae family.
Description.
The wingspan of the T. pylades is between 32 and 47 mm long. Both male and female have completely dark brown wings except for the small triangular clear spots.
Distribution.
The northern cloudywing is seen from Nova Scotia west across Canada, south into California and across the rest of the United States. Its habitat consist of open boreal woodlands and forest edges.
Life cycle.
Adults lay eggs singly under the leaves of their host plants the caterpillars then will eat till they are ready to pupate at which point they will roll themselves into the host plants leafs. They fly between May and July where there is only one brood, but in the south they fly from March and September where there are two broods.

</doc>
<doc id="19736907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736907" title="Zebrahead discography">
Zebrahead discography

The discography of Zebrahead, an American punk rock band currently consists of 10 studio albums, 24 singles, 22 music videos, 4 video albums and 3 extended plays.
Zebrahead formed in 1996, releasing their self-titled debut album "Zebrahead" (more commonly known as "Yellow" due to the color of the cover) through independent label Doctor Dream Records in April 1998, before getting signed to Columbia Records and releasing their mainstream debut "Waste of Mind" in October later that year, which charted at No. 34 on the U.S Top Heatseekers chart, along with the single "Get Back", which charted on the U.S Hot Modern Rock Tracks charts at No. 32.
The band's follow-up album "Playmate of the Year" was released in August 2000 and charted at No. 4 on the U.S Top Heatseekers, No. 127 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 20 on the Japanese charts. "MFZB", released in October 2003, served as Zebrahead's fourth studio album, charting at No. 33 on the Top Heatseekers chart and No. 9 on the Japanese charts, earning the band's first official record certification there as gold. Shortly before the departure of band member Justin Mauriello, Zebrahead released "Waste of MFZB" exclusively in Japan, due to their popularity there. It eventually peaked on the charts there at No. 16.
With new band member Matty Lewis, Zebrahead released their sixth studio album "Broadcast to the World" first in Japan in February 2006, before being released in other territories later through the year. Its peak position at No. 10 on the Japanese charts earned the band their second gold certification from there and overall. Zebrahead's follow-up album "Phoenix" was released in the summer months of 2008 and charted at No. 30 on the U.S Top Heatseeks and No. 10 in Japan.
In late 2009, the band released their first covers album, titled "Panty Raid", featuring songs by female musicians from the 1990s and 2000s. It peaked at No. 8 on the Japanese charts. Zebrahead released their ninth studio album "Get Nice!" in the summer of 2011. The follow-up "Call Your Friends" was released two years later in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19736958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736958" title="Japanese aircraft carrier Kumano Maru">
Japanese aircraft carrier Kumano Maru

Construction.
"Kumano Maru" was laid down at the Hitachi Shipbuilding yard at Innoshima as a standard "Type M" wartime cargo ship. The ship was taken over by the Army during construction, redesigned as a landing craft transport, and designated a Type B landing ship. It could carry up to a dozen and thirteen landing craft in its hold. They were launched on rails through two large doors in the stern.
The ship was also designed to transport anywhere from 8 to 37 aircraft, depending on their size and the number of landing craft aboard. A flight deck was mounted above the main deck with an elevator aft. This permitted the stored aircraft to be flown off the ship to onshore airfields. The deck was not large enough to allow aircraft to land. The ship's funnel was mounted on the starboard side and vented horizontally outward to keep the flight deck clear.
Operational history.
"Kumano Maru" was launched 28 January 1945 and completed on 31 March. She survived the war, and was used until 1947 to repatriate Japanese forces abroad. The ship was sold to Kawasaki Kisen K. K. Line in 1947 and converted to a conventional merchant ship. Afterward, she was scrapped in 1948.
See also.
Hitachi Zosen Corporation

</doc>
<doc id="19736985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736985" title="Dominic Sorel">
Dominic Sorel

Little is known about Dominic's past and his non-military life. He is under the command of Col. Dewey Novak as a special intelligence force. Scenes from one of the series' ending songs show that he was an orphan of Warsaw.
Relationships.
Anemone.
At the beginning of the series, Dewey assigns Dominic as Anemone's personal caretaker. This means that he is burdened with the task of Anemone's frequent outbursts and calming her painful headaches, which cause her to react violently to those around her.
Dominic develops feelings for Anemone, but at first she does not return his love. He kisses Anemone later in the series, but she his and her own lip. Claiming that he doesn't know a single thing about her life and especially the hardships of her past. Nevertheless, he stays by her side and goes so far as to follow TheEND to stop Anemone from firing her Vascud Crisis at Renton and Eureka in episode 48. Anemone has a change of heart when she sees that Dominic has come to save her, but TheEND fires anyway. By then the typeZERO has safely moved out of the way, and Dominic is blown away from the blast. An emotional cry from Anemone causes TheEND to evolve What typeZERO Did In the ending of the series and ejects Anemone from the cockpit so she can save Dominic. He says this is the first time he has seen Anemone smile, and they kiss in freefall.
In the final episode of the series, Anemone and Dominic can be seen camping out under the stars after the Second Summer of Love, looking up at the moon.
Renton.
In episode 13, Dominic and Renton are forced to work together to search for the medicine needed to help both Anemone and Eureka. Despite their awareness that they are on opposite sides, Dominic leaves on good terms with Renton and even goes as far as considering him a friend, although they hadn't again met personally since then. For much of the series, Dominic becomes obsessed with gathering information about Renton, his family, and his relationship with Gekkostate.
Manga.
In the manga version of Eureka Seven, Dominic Sorel helps Renton by co-piloting the Nirvash "typeZERO" then piloting the Nirvash "typeTHEEND" into the Coralians in the effort to save Eureka. At first it was Renton's job to act as decoy, however because of "typeTHEEND"'s missing arm, Dominic switched jobs and became the decoy. Renton successfully went into the Zone while Dominic faced death by the Coralians. In the last chapter, readers can see Anemone on a wheelchair carried out by Dr. Mischa.
Movie.
Dominic is a professor who teaches young Renton and young Eureka about things. He shows them a rainbow flower in the middle of the snow and told them he has to go on a mission. He was with his girlfriend Anemone and with the orphans of a destroyed town and that a EIZO light appear on to them and Dominic dies. His spirit appears to a wounded Renton to tell him not to let go of his feelings and the words "Don't ask for it, do it yourself, or you won't get nothing" and with that he disappears. He is seen with the spirit of Anemone inside Larva The End as they vanish together.
Reception.
Critics such as Don Houston of DVD Talk have noted the similarities between Dominic and Renton; Dominic cares for Anemone in much the same way that Renton does for Eureka. Later episodes "show an opponent of Renton studying his own complicity in the events unraveling before him."

</doc>
<doc id="19736991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19736991" title="Chengguan District, Lanzhou">
Chengguan District, Lanzhou

The Chengguan District is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is located mostly on the southern side of the Yellow River, and includes the downtown Lanzhou. Both the Gansu provincial government offices and those of the Lanzhou prefecture-level city are located within the district.

</doc>
<doc id="19737000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737000" title="Hans-Joachim Förster">
Hans-Joachim Förster

Hans-Joachim Förster (20 February 1920 in Groß Köris – 24 February 1945 west of the English Channel) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). He is credited with the sinking of two merchant ships for a total of plus two warships for a total of , including the HMCS "Alberni" and HMS "Loyalty". He and the entire crew of were killed when "U-480" was sunk between 18 and 24 February 1945 in a minefield in position .

</doc>
<doc id="19737018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737018" title="Jinchuan District">
Jinchuan District

The Jinchuan District is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is part of the Jinchang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737024" title="Himi Station">
Himi Station


</doc>
<doc id="19737048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737048" title="Baiyin District">
Baiyin District

The Baiyin District is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is part of the Baiyin prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat.

</doc>
<doc id="19737050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737050" title="Igor Sokolov">
Igor Sokolov

Igor Sokolov (; born January 2, 1958) is a former Soviet sport shooter and Olympic champion.
He received a gold medal in "50 m Running Target" at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="19737072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737072" title="Pingchuan District">
Pingchuan District

The Pingchuan District is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is part of the Baiyin prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737085" title="Get Out of My Way!">
Get Out of My Way!

Get Out Of My Way! is the third release by rock/psychobilly musical artists Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper. It was released in 1986 as a vinyl mini-album and cassette on Restless Records. The songs were added to the CD release of the album "Frenzy" in 2005. "Stuffin' Martha's Muffin" is the same recording as on "Frenzy", but a different mix, which most notably filters Mojo's voice during part of the opening monologue to sound like he's on a phone line; this version replaces the original on the "Frenzy" CD. "Transylvanian Xmas" is "Joy to the World" performed by Skid on harmonica in a scale reminiscent of horror movie scores, backed by Mojo on bongos. "Jesus at McDonalds" is a re-recording of the song from their eponymous debut LP.
Credits.
All songs written by Mojo Nixon and published by Tallywacker Tunes/La Rana Music except as indicated
Engineered by Robert Feist - Recorded at Sound Affair
Rutabagas was Engineered by Randy Burns - Recorded at Hit City West

</doc>
<doc id="19737094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737094" title="Stephen Francis">
Stephen Francis

Steve or Stephen Francis is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19737099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737099" title="Liangzhou District">
Liangzhou District

The Liangzhou District () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is part of the Wuwei prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefectural seat.
Geography.
Liangzhou District is located in east Hexi Corridor, north to the Qilian Mountains. It can be divided geographically in three main areas: Qilian Mountains in the southwest, Hexi Corridor in the middle, and desert in the northeast. Liangzhou District is an agricultural oasis located in the Shiyang River (石羊河) catchment area.

</doc>
<doc id="19737125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737125" title="Suzhou District">
Suzhou District

The Suzhou District (, "Suzhou Qu") is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. 
Suzhou District is part of the Jiuquan prefecture, and the seat of the prefecture government. Therefore, less-detailed modern maps typically mark Suzhou's location simply as "Jiuquan". However, for many centuries Suzhou was an important city in its own right. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737139" title="Bo-Day-Shus!!!">
Bo-Day-Shus!!!

Bo-Day-Shus!!! is the fourth album by Rock/psychobilly musical artists Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper, released in 1987. It contains their most famous song, "Elvis is Everywhere," the music video of which was featured on MTV and "Beavis and Butt-head".
Track listing.
All songs written by Mojo Nixon and published by Tallywacker Tunes/La Rana Music except as indicated.
[*] Bonus tracks on CD release
Critical reception.
Kiernan McCarthy of Allmusic Guide praised the album's humor, writing, "Not every joke Mojo Nixon lets fly on Bo-Day-Shus! is a knee-slapper, but one cannot deny his persistence. If you don't like the first quip, he might catch you on the second one, or the tenth." He specifically referred to "Elvis is Everywhere" and "I Ain't Gonna Piss In No Jar" as the best examples of this. Robert Christgau also appreciated "Elvis is Everywhere," comparing it to the music of Phil Ochs, but was critical of several of the other tracks, especially Skid Roper's contribution "Lincoln Logs."

</doc>
<doc id="19737160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737160" title="Martinsville Phillies">
Martinsville Phillies

The Martinsville Phillies were a short season minor league baseball team located in Martinsville, Virginia. Affiliated with the Philadelphia Phillies, they existed from 1988 to 1998, playing in the Appalachian League. They played their home games at Hooker Field.

</doc>
<doc id="19737174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737174" title="Boundaryless organization">
Boundaryless organization

A boundaryless organization is a contemporary approach in organization design. It is an organization that is not defined by, or limited to, the horizontal, vertical, or external boundaries imposed by a predefined structure. This term was coined by former General Electric chairman Jack Welch because he wanted to eliminate vertical and horizontal boundaries within the company and break down external barriers between the company and its customers and suppliers.
Many companies are finding that a flexible and unstructured approach are effective means to running a company.

</doc>
<doc id="19737175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737175" title="Jinta County">
Jinta County

Jinta County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Jiuquan prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 735300, and in 1999 its population was 137,816 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19737183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737183" title="Bob Broadbent">
Bob Broadbent

Robert Gillespie Broadbent, known as Bob Broadbent (21 June 1924 – 26 April 1993) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Worcestershire between 1950 and 1963. He was capped by the county in 1951, and ten years later received a benefit season which raised £5,481. He was a fine close fielder, holding nearly 300 catches in his career.
Broadbent was educated at Caterham School, then became a navigator in the Royal Air Force.
By 1949 he was appearing for Middlesex's Second XI; he scored 82 for them against Glamorgan II in July of that year.
He made his first-class debut for Worcestershire against Leicestershire at Grace Road; in a 177-run Worcestershire win Broadbent scored 77 and 29 not out.
Nevertheless, it proved to be his only first-class appearance of the summer.
Broadbent became much more of a regular in the Worcestershire side in 1951 and enjoyed a fine season, which saw him capped by the county. He finished the year with 1,370 first-class runs at an average of over 39, by some margin his highest in any English season.
It was in the course of this summer that he hit what was to remain his highest score, a second-innings 155 against Middlesex in late June. Worcestershire had been in some trouble at 92/4, but Broadbent and captain Ronald Bird put on 132 for the fifth wicket and in the end the county ran out comfortable ten-wicket victors.
In 1952 Broadbent hit 1,556 first-class runs, his highest season's aggregate, and he was to pass a thousand in five further seasons, the last of these being 1961. (He had a near miss in 1962, with 968 runs.) His "Wisden" obituary records that, although he was often forced to play a stubbornly solid role on account of Worcestershire's frequent difficulties, when the Australians visited in 1953 he hit Keith Miller out of the New Road ground.
Broadbent remained a regular in the side until the early 1960s, and stayed with the county just long enough to take part in some of the first one-day games, contributing an important 51, as part of a vital stand of 116 with Tom Graveney (93), to Worcestershire's Gillette Cup quarter-final victory over Glamorgan in June 1963.
He also played in the final, which Worcestershire lost narrowly, but failed in making only 13.
Broadbent played no more first-class cricket after 1963, but he did turn out a few times in minor counties matches for Hertfordshire, making one List A appearance when Hertfordshire travelled to Durham in the first round of the 1964 Gillette Cup. It was a chastening experience: Broadbent himself scored 2, and Extras (13) was the highest score as Hertfordshire were bowled out for 63, losing by seven wickets.
Outside cricket, Broadbent was an accomplished hockey player, good enough to represent Worcestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="19737192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737192" title="Semidiameter">
Semidiameter

In geometry, the semidiameter or semi-diameter of a set of points may be one half of its diameter; or, sometimes, one half of its extent along a particular direction.
Special cases.
The semi-diameter of a sphere, circle, or interval is the same thing as its radius — namely, any line segment from the center to its boundary. 
The semi-diameters of a non-circular ellipse are the halves of its extents along the two axes of symmetry. They are the parameters "a", "b" of the implicit equation
Likewise, the semi-diameters of an ellipsoid are the parameters "a", "b", and "c" of its implicit equation
The semi-diameters of a superellipse, superellipsoid, or superquadric can be identified in the same way.

</doc>
<doc id="19737197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737197" title="Jérôme Tharaud">
Jérôme Tharaud

Jérôme Tharaud (18 May 1874, Saint-Junien, Haute-Vienne - 23 January 1953, Paris) was a French writer. He was elected the fifteenth occupant of Académie française seat 31 in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="19737202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737202" title="Guazhou County">
Guazhou County

Guazhou County (), formerly (until 2006) Anxi County (安西县), is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Jiuquan prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. 
History.
"Wudi [140-87 BCE had the Great Wall extended northwestward all the way to the Gate of Jade (Yumen Pass), the westernmost garrison town near Dunhuang. He then set up a system of garrisons all along this part of the Great Wall and put its headquarters in a town called Anxi (“Tranquil West”)." 
The town of Guazhou was previously called:"Yuanquan (or occasionally Anxiyuanquan) and also Xincheng (New Town). If you are coming to see the historic Anxi, where the northern and southern Silk Routes diverge, you need to go to the now ruined and very beautiful place called Suoyang which is also not on the geographic databases but lies east of the small town of Tashi, about 30km south. To add to the name debate, Tashi is also known locally as Suoyangxiang (because it is the chief administrative town of Suoyang Township) while the fortress at Suoyang is also called Guazhou."

</doc>
<doc id="19737204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737204" title="Irving Morrow">
Irving Morrow

Irving F. Morrow (1884–1952) was an American architect best known for designing the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, California.
Morrow graduated from the newly founded University of California, Berkeley architecture program in 1906. He then attended the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris from 1908 until 1911. He moved back to Oakland and began practicing architecture in San Francisco and Oakland. He designed houses, banks, theatres, hotels, schools, and commercial buildings. He married Gertrude Comfort Morrow, a fellow architect and UC Berkeley graduate. He worked with Gertrude and architect William I. Garren, and with them designed the Alameda-Contra Costa County Building for the 1939 Golden Gate International Exposition. Morrow and his associates also designed the rectory and guest house of the Mission San Juan Bautista.
Design of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Morrow was hired in 1930 by Joseph Strauss to design the Golden Gate Bridge. Morrow collaborated with Strauss with the design, sketching his ideas in charcoal. Morrow romanticized the bridge long before he was hired to work on it, writing in 1919 that "The narrow strait is caressed by breezes from the blue bay throughout the long golden afternoon, but perhaps it is loveliest at the cool end of the day when, for a few breathless moments, faint afterglows transfigure the gray line of hills."
It was also Morrow that decided the bridge should be painted international orange. At first, Morrow's suggestion was deemed by the bridge authorities as ludicrous, as it was thought no paint could withstand the salty weather. Morrow found such a paint, and the bridge authorities relented.
Other work.
Morrow was a member of the American Institute of Architects and the American Society of Landscape Architects, an editor of Pacific Coast Architecture, and a contributor to the Architectural Record and various other periodicals. He served as chairman on the Section on Architecture of the Commonwealth Club of California, and director of the American Historical Building Survey.

</doc>
<doc id="19737206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737206" title="Tims Ford Lake">
Tims Ford Lake

Tims Ford Lake is a reservoir run by the Tennessee Valley Authority in southern middle Tennessee.
Tims Ford Dam was built by the TVA from 1966 to 1970, stands 175 feet high and 1580 feet long at its crest, and impounds the Elk River for an average of 36 megawatts of hydroelectric power. The reservoir has a flood storage capacity of 219,600 acre-feet. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737208" title="Aleksandr Gazov">
Aleksandr Gazov

Aleksandr Gazov (; born June 17, 1946) is a former Soviet sport shooter and Olympic champion.
He received a gold medal in "50 m Running Target" at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. 
At the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow he received a bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19737220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737220" title="Unlimited Everything">
Unlimited Everything

Unlimited Everything is a "best of" compilation album released by rock/psychobilly musical artists Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper in 1990. It includes the outtake "Amsterdam Dogshit Blues" (previously released on the compilation "The Enigma Variations 2") and the "(619) 239-KING" B-side "I Gotta Connect," from which the album's title is derived. "Jesus at McDonald's" is the version from their eponymous first album. This disc also marks the only appearance of the original mix of "Stuffin' Martha's Muffin" from the "Frenzy" LP on CD. This disc was apparently released in Europe only.

</doc>
<doc id="19737221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737221" title="1854 Atlantic hurricane season">
1854 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1853 Atlantic hurricane season featured five known tropical cyclones, three of which made landfall in the United States. At one time, another was believed to have existed near Galveston, Texas in September, but HURDAT – the official Atlantic hurricane database – now excludes this system. The first system, Hurricane One, was initially observed on June 25. The final storm, Hurricane Five, was last observed on October 22. These dates fall within the period with the most tropical cyclone activity in the Atlantic. No tropical cyclones during this season existed simultaneously. One tropical cyclone has a single known point in its track due to a sparsity of data.
Of the season's five tropical cyclones, three reached hurricane status. Furthermore, one of those strengthened into a major hurricane, which is Category 3 or higher on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale. The strongest cyclone of the season, the third hurricane, peaked at Category 3 strength with 125 mph (205 km/h) winds. After making landfall near the Georgia-South Carolina border, the storm caused 26 fatalities and extensive damage in the area. Hurricane Four caused four deaths and approximately $20,000 (1854 USD) in damage after striking the coast of Texas. Hurricane One also caused moderate damage in Texas.
The season's activity was reflected with a low accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 31. ACE is, broadly speaking, a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed, so storms that last a long time, as well as particularly strong hurricanes, have high ACEs. ACE is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots (39 mph, 63 km/h) or tropical storm strength.
__TOC__
Storms.
Hurricane One.
A tropical storm was first observed in the Gulf of Mexico on June 25, while located about south-southwest of Marsh Island, Louisiana. It headed westward and strengthened into a hurricane about 12 hours later. Peaking with maximum sustained winds 80 mph (130 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of , the storm maintained this intensity until making landfall in South Padre Island, Texas at 1200 UTC on June 26. It quickly weakened inland and fell to tropical storm strength about six hours later. The system continued in a west-northwestward direction over northern Mexico, until dissipating in a rural area of Coahuila on June 27.
This system brought near tropical storm-force winds to Texas as far north as Galveston. Brazos Island experienced the brunt of this storm, where winds blew a "perfect hurricane". Many buildings in the area lost their roofs or were moved by the winds. Additionally, a cistern at the Quartermaster’s Department was destroyed. The coast of Texas was also impacted by storm surge, with several bath houses washed away at Lavaca. Precipitation in the region was generally light, peaking at at Fort Ringgold, which is near modern-day Rio Grande City.
Tropical Storm Two.
The ships "Highflyer" and "Osceola" encountered a "very violent" gale on August 23, while located at 33.0°N, 55.0°W, which is about 565 miles (910 km) east-northeast of Bermuda. A sustained wind speed of 70 mph (110 km/h) was recorded, indicative of a strong tropical storm. No further information is available of this storm. However, the barque "Pilgrim" experienced a severe gale on August 29, which may have been the extratropical remnants of this system.
Hurricane Three.
The brig "Reindeer" sighted a hurricane about east of Hope Town in The Bahamas on September 7. With winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of , this was the strongest tropical cyclone of the season. It moved northwestward and weakened slightly on September 8. Later that day at 2000 UTC, the hurricane made landfall near St. Catherines Island, Georgia with winds of 115 mph (185 km/h). Early on September 9, it weakened to a Category 1 hurricane, then a tropical storm several hours later. Thereafter, the storm accelerated northeastward and re-emerged into the Atlantic Ocean near Virginia Beach, Virginia on September 10. The system re-strengthened, becoming a hurricane again on September 11. It eventually began to weaken again while moving rapidly eastward and was last noted about 515 miles (830 km) southeast of Cape Race, Newfoundland.
Gales were reported in Florida, including as far south as St. Augustine. In Georgia, the entire coast suffered significant impacts, with damage more severe from St. Simons northward. About of rice crops were destroyed, equivalent to a loss of approximately 6,000 bushels. Between Savannah, Georgia and Charleston, South Carolina, "extraordinary tides" were reported. At Hutchinson Island, Georgia, the island was completely submerged, while there was significant inundation in eastern Savannah. Storm surge also brought coastal flooding to much of South Carolina, from Beaufort to Georgetown. Wind damage in that area was mainly confined to downed trees. However, in Charleston, South Carolina, a two story wooden building was destroyed and there was slight to moderate damage to other structures, limited to roofs and the destruction of fences. Throughout the United States, this storm resulted in at least 26 fatalities.
Hurricane Four.
Reports first indicated a hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico on September 18, while centered about south-southwest of Cameron, Louisiana. The storm drifted west-northwestward with winds of 105 mph (165 km/h), equivalent to a Category 2 hurricane. The lowest barometric pressure estimate was . At 2100 UTC on September 18, the storm made landfall near Freeport, Texas at the same intensity. It weakened to a Category 1 hurricane early on the following day. The system further weakened to a tropical storm at 1200 UTC on September 19. Re-curving northeastward, the storm persisted until dissipating over eastern Texas on September 20.
The steamship "Louisiana" reported that a gale struck Matagorda, Texas with "unparalleled fury", with nearly all buildings and vessels in the area destroyed. Several vessels also capsized near Galveston, including the "Nick Hill" and "Kate Ward". Within the city of Galveston, merchants, businesses, and houses suffered significant water damage due to an storm surge. Cotton and sugar cane crops throughout the area were ruined. The storm caused at least four deaths, with several more occurring later due to a yellow fever outbreak. Damage in the region totaled approximately $20,000.
Tropical Storm Five.
The barque "Southerney" observed a tropical storm on October 20, while located about north-northwest of San Juan, Puerto Rico. The storm strengthened slowly while heading northward, until peaking with winds of 70 mph (110 km/h) on October 21. The storm then began to re-curve northeastward. Early on October 22, it passed near Bermuda, though no impact was reported on the island. Several hours later, this system was last noted about 365 miles (585 km) east-northeast of Bermuda.

</doc>
<doc id="19737226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737226" title="Ganzhou District">
Ganzhou District

The Ganzhou District (甘州区) is one of 58 County-level divisions of Gansu Province. It is the seat of the Municipal region of Zhangye (张掖), whose executive, legislature and judiciary are here, together with the CPC and Public Security bureaux. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737243" title="Minle County">
Minle County

Minle County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Zhangye prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 734500, and in 1999 its population was 232,462 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19737253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737253" title="Canberra International Sports &amp; Aquatic Centre">
Canberra International Sports &amp; Aquatic Centre

Canberra International Sports and Aquatic Centre (CISAC) is located in Bruce and is a privately owned sport centre. CISAC is home to the CISAC swim academy and the Ginninderra Marlins swimming club.
About CISAC.
Over 700,000 people annually visit CISAC and over 7,000 call it home to their health and fitness, swimming and learn to swim membership. CISAC is home to the Ginninderra Swim Club, with over 100 people training there daily during mornings and during the evenings

</doc>
<doc id="19737256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737256" title="Yakov Zheleznyak">
Yakov Zheleznyak

Yakov Zheleznyak (born April 10, 1941) is a former Soviet sport shooter and Olympic champion.
He received a gold medal in "50 m Running Target" at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="19737267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737267" title="Stevyn Colgan">
Stevyn Colgan

Stevyn Colgan (born 11 August 1961) is a British writer, artist and speaker. Colgan's first book "Joined-Up Thinking" was published on 3 October 2008. He has written two further books, "Henhwedhlow" and "Constable Colgan's Connectoscope". He is a contributor to the BBC TV series QI and the regular QI Annuals, and a researcher for BBC Radio 4's The Museum of Curiosity..
Family.
Colgan was born on 11 August 1961. His late father was a homicide detective and writer. His mother lives in Cornwall. He has two younger brothers.
Early life.
Colgan was born in London while his father was an officer with the Metropolitan Police Force. The family returned to Cornwall in 1963. Stevyn was educated at Blackwater Infants School near Truro, St Marys School Penzance, St Pauls County Primary School, Penzance, and Helston Comprehensive School, Helston. Although accepted for an arts degree course at Cornwall Polytechnic, he chose to join the Metropolitan Police Force in 1980. In an interview, he stated that this was as the result of a bet with his father.
Career.
Police.
Colgan served in Hillingdon, Westminster and Ealing Borough stations as well as with Clubs and Vice, IT Training and the force's Examinations Unit. In his later career he became a training designer and a problem solving advisor where he was involved in getting the police, the community and other statutory agencies (such as local authorities, Fire Service etc.) to work together to solve long-term community disorder and crime issues.
He was awarded the Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal in 1993 and the Queen's Golden Jubilee Medal in 2003. He saw active service during many of the public disorders of the 1980s including the Miners' Strike, the riots in Brixton, Southall and Broadwater Farm. He was also present at many large scale public events including Live Aid, the Notting Hill Carnival, the visit of Pope John Paul II and the wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer. He was one of the first officers on scene at the Provisional IRA bomb attack on RAF Uxbridge in 1981 for which he received a commendation for professionalism.He retired from the police service in February 2010 after completing 30 years' service.
Colgan was a member of the award-winning Met Police Problem Solving Unit that used business techniques and creative thinking to tackle issues that did not respond to traditional policing/enforcement methods. He sat on several Home Office working groups and is an expert on problem-oriented policing and worked closely with the UK Home Office and the UCL Jill Dando Institute of Crime Science. He has lectured and taught extensively throughout the UK and US and now lectures in a private capacity. 
In May 2012 he appeared on an episode of the "Do the Right Thing" podcast in the 'Ask the Expert' round.
Throughout 2012 and 2013 he embarked on an extensive tour of the UK with a talk called "The Skeptical Bobby" in which he talked about his police career, the need for grass-roots skepticism, and the importance of challenging old and predictable working practices that may now be redundant or inapplicable.
Illustrator.
Colgan's first published illustration work was for the book "I Remember: Reflections on Fishing and Childhood" (Summersdale 1995) by Joe Cowley, Frederick Forsyth, Roger Daltrey, Bernard Cribbins, George Melly and others. The book raised money for the NSPCC.
In 2006 he was the official artist for the Autumn National Children's Book Fair organised by Scholastic Books Ltd.
In November 2008, he illustrated several features for the "QI 'F' Annual 2009".
In June 2009 he was asked to create a new mascot for the 30th anniversary of Plain English Campaign. The character is called Ted the Shred and is headlining a global campaign to see an end to official use of gobbledegook.
He designed the 'Swandage' logo for the annual Alt Wycombe Fashion Show for photographer Mark Page (Photos With Attitude). The logo has appeared in Bizarre magazine.
In November 2009 he provided four pages of illustrations for the 'Glossoplegia' section of the 2010 "QI 'G' Annual".
He was commissioned to create four new artworks for the 'Humans' episode of QI Series H, first shown on 9 October 2010 in the extended "QIXL" episode.
The "QI 'H' Annual 2011" features eight pages of Colgan's artwork on features co-written by himself, Justin Pollard and John Lloyd. Among these was a two-page spread called HENJ, in which IKEA-style instructions for building Stonehenge are seen. These pages became so popular that they can be found on hundreds of websites and have spawned/inspired many other similar illustrations.
In 2010/11 Faber and Faber released a compilation volume of the 'E', 'F' and 'G' Annuals in November 2010 with a brand new cover by Colgan.
In 2011 he was invited to participate in the annual Royal College of Art Secret Auction alongside such notables as Yoko Ono, Tracey Emin and Grayson Perry.
In 2012 Colgan gave up commercial art to concentrate on writing. He still paints and exhibits his work.
Writer.
Colgan's first break into writing came with his 1997 pantomime "Beeping Slooty", which was performed by many amateur dramatics groups and schools throughout the UK. He directed the very first performances by the Totteridge Arts and Drama Society in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire.
In 1998 Colgan, James Murphy, Sarwat Chadda, Dan Schaffer, Jeremy Elford and Kelvin Cox attempted to launch a new independent British comics imprint called "Bigger Betty". Its purpose was to provide a platform for new British artists and writers. Despite good sales and excellent reviews, funding problems caused the imprint to fold after just one issue.
In 2001, he was a runner-up in the prestigious BBC Travel Writing Awards organised by "BBC Wildlife Magazine".
Also in 2001, he was a successful entrant to the Ottakar's Bookshops Local History Writers' competition and had his essay, "Arch Rivals", published in the "Ottakar's Local History: High Wycombe" Book.
In October 2008, his first major work, "Joined-Up Thinking", was published by Pan Macmillan Books. It carried cover endorsements from Stephen Fry and from John Mitchinson, one of the founders of Quite Interesting Ltd and co-author (with John Lloyd) of the best-selling "The Book of General Ignorance".
During the 2009 US Election, Colgan was commissioned by the Times newspaper to create a unique 'round' featuring the main players: Barack Obama, John McCain, Sarah Palin and Joe Biden. "The Sarah Palindrome" was published in the Times Online edition.
He was a writer/artist contributor to the QI 'F', 'G' and 'H' Annuals 2009–2011.
In 2010 the Cornish Language Fellowship (Kowethas an Yeth Kernewek) and the Cornish Language Board (Kesva an Taves Kernewek) published "Henhwedhlow", a book of Cornish Faerie Stories written and illustrated by Colgan. The book was published in both English and Cornish language on facing pages to aid translation. The stories are modern interpretations of traditional tales plus several brand new stories by the author. The book contains the largest existing body of modern Cornish prose.
In 2013 he launched a new book called "Constable Colgan's Connectoscope" with the crowd-funding publisher Unbound. It was successfully funded and was published in September 2013.
He is currently developing three new book projects and finishing a novel.
Radio and television.
In 2012 he co-wrote the pilot for a radio series called "101 People to Meet before You (or they) Die" with Dan Schreiber. The show features interviews by Schreiber of people who are alive today and doing extraordinary things; explorers, scientists, test pilots etc. The gimmick of the series as that the interviewees will often encourage contact from the listener. The pilot – featuring Venezuelan discoverer Charles Brewer-Carias – was broadcast on the London-based radio station Resonance FM and was well received. A live show followed featuring on-stage interviews with Marc Abrahams and Dr Jan Bondeson. 
Also in 2012, he became one of the researcher/writers for Series 5 of BBC Radio 4's The Museum of Curiosity and continued the role for Series 6 in 2013.
His artwork has been seen on episodes of the BBC TV series QI and he was name-checked by Stephen Fry in the QIXL episode 'Humans' in 2010.
He joined the regular researching and writing team for Series K in 2013.
Speaking.
In recent years he was a visiting lecturer in metacognition at St Bartholemew's Hospital and the Royal London Hospital (known locally as "Barts and the London" and affiliated to Queen Mary University of London). He also worked closely with the training company "Sixth Sense". He holds the Certificate in Education from the University of Hertfordshire. In 1999 he was awarded the Diploma in plain English by Plain English Campaign.
He now works as a freelance lecturer and speaker and has spoken at venues and events such as the Ig Nobel Prizes, Imperial College, Birmingham Central Library, Unbound Live, and to many Skeptics in the Pub meetings. In 2013 he also appeared at the Hay Festival, Latitude, the Edinburgh Fringe, Harrogate International Festival, Salon London and many more. His talks are a mix of science, autobiography and comedy and are based on the concept of interconnectedness. He has also taught art and lectured on creative thinking and problem solving.
He is a judge for the 2014 Transmission Prize for the Communication of Ideas, sponsored by Salon London. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737273" title="Linze County">
Linze County

Linze County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Zhangye prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 734200, and in 1999 its population was 144,613 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19737282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737282" title="Electronic sports at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Electronic sports at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Electronic sports at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Macau East Asian Games Dome, Macau, China from 27 October to 30 October 2007.
Results.
FIFA 2007.
Preliminary.
October 27–29
NBA Live 2007.
Preliminary.
October 27–29
Need for Speed: Most Wanted.
Preliminary.
October 27–29

</doc>
<doc id="19737296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737296" title="Nabi Osman">
Nabi Osman

Nabi Osman.
Introduction.
Nabi Osman (Arabic: البقاع) is a village in the northern part of the Bekaa Valley, on the lower slopes of the Anti Lebanon mountain range. It is part of the Baalbek District, and lies on the international highway linking Lebanon and Syria
Families and Emigration.
Due to economic problems and the Lebanese war, a large number of the population has emigrated to Australia, Italy, the United Kingdom, and West Africa. Unlike most of the villages in Northern Bekaa, most of the residents are secular and support the Syrian Social Nationalist Party. The village is home to several famous personalities: Ali M. Nazha, an agriculture engineer who was instrumental in the Green Revolution in North Bekaa; Malek Wehbe, an SSNP martyr; Deeb El Kurdie, an SSNP activist; and soccer player Wael Nazha.
Geography and Agriculture.
The altitude of this village ranges from 950 to 1300 meters above sea level. The village is 123km away from Beirut. Its economy is restricted to agriculture. The Orontes river rises in the springs of Labweh and flows through the lower parts of the village. The village also has game birds for hunting.
Weather Conditions.
Winters in Nabi Osman are cold and dry, with temperatures seldom reaching freezing point. On average, it snows three to five times per season. Summers are very hot and dry, with temperatures seldom reaching 40 degrees Celsius. The average annual rainfall is 230 mm (9 in).
Related Links: (Pictures)
http://www.nabiosman.altervista.org/

</doc>
<doc id="19737305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737305" title="Gaotai County">
Gaotai County

Gaotai County (高臺县 Gāotái Xiàn) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Zhangye prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 734300, and in 1999 its population was 155,260 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19737311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737311" title="André Lacroix (tennis)">
André Lacroix (tennis)

André Lacroix (born 02 October 1908 in Forest, Belgium - Died in Brugge, Belgium 03 March 1992) was a Belgian tennis player.
Lacroix participated in several Wimbledon tournaments during the 1920s and 1930s. He also played for Belgium in Davis Cup several times, including against Sweden in 1934 and 1937, and Norway in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="19737322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737322" title="Somkid Chuenta">
Somkid Chuenta

Somkid Chuenta (Thai สมคิด ชื่นตา), 1978 in Surin, Thailand) is a Thai futsal Goalkeeper, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team. He is a particularly eccentric player, known for his constant play outside the penalty area as well as his acrobatic style in goal.
See also.
Thailand national beach soccer team

</doc>
<doc id="19737324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737324" title="Shandan County">
Shandan County

Shandan County () is a county in Gansu Province, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Zhangye prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. It is an important site located on the ancient Silk Road. Its postal code is 734100, and in 1999 its population was 194,901 people. It is famous for horses and pastures. Ancient Han people called the horses as heavenly western horses. Lakes provide plentiful water to the animals on the pastures. The Yanzhi mountains is also famous for its beautiful scenery.

</doc>
<doc id="19737330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737330" title="Lars Madsen">
Lars Madsen

Lars Madsen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19737349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737349" title="Qingcheng County">
Qingcheng County

Qingcheng County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Qingyang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737371" title="Kongtong District">
Kongtong District

The Kongtong District is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is part of the Pingliang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737382" title="Oh Well (band)">
Oh Well (band)

Oh Well were a British dance group that started in the late 1980s. Their main protagonist was the German record producer, Ackim Faulker. They were relatively successful during their peak in 1989, but broke up soon after, due to lack of further chart success.
The group had two UK chart singles in 1989 and 1990: the eponymous "Oh Well" single- a dance cover of the 1969 Fleetwood Mac song of the same name- was released in late 1989. It peaked at number 28 on the UK Singles Chart for two weeks, starting on 28 October. Their second single, a cover of Golden Earring's "Radar Love", was released in early 1990, and debuted and peaked at number 65 on 3 March 1990. 
"Oh Well" was featured on "Now That's What I Call Music! 16", the sixteenth volume of the popular British hits series.

</doc>
<doc id="19737384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737384" title="Pierre Bardin">
Pierre Bardin

Pierre Bardin (1590 – 29 May 1635), born in Rouen, was a French philosopher and mathematician and Doctor of Letters. He was one of the first members of the Académie française and the first occupant of Seat 29.

</doc>
<doc id="19737385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737385" title="Professional Further Education in Clinical Pharmacy and Public Health">
Professional Further Education in Clinical Pharmacy and Public Health

Professional Further Education in Clinical Pharmacy and Public Health () is a Danish professional postgraduate higher further education for Danish pharmaconomists (experts in pharmaceuticals).
The education programme is developed by Pharmakon—Danish College of Pharmacy Practice, the Danish Association of Pharmaconomists and the Danish Pharmaceutical Association. The further education takes place at Pharmakon—Danish College of Pharmacy Practice in Hillerød, Denmark.
The admission requirement is a Danish pharmaconomist degree diploma granted by Pharmakon—Danish College of Pharmacy Practice. The education corresponds to 30 ECTS credits that are equivalent to ½ year of full time study for a Clinical Pharmacy and Public Health Student. The education programme can be taken as a part time further education over 2-4 years. Nevertheless, the education must be completed within 6 years.
The purpose of the Professional Further Education in Clinical Pharmacy and Public Health is to qualify each pharmaconomist (expert in pharmaceuticals) to practice clinical pharmacy at a higher and more professional level. The education consists of five modules:
The total fee for the entire education programme amounts to 170,000 DKK (31,000 USD or 18,200 GBP).

</doc>
<doc id="19737392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737392" title="Stone Street Historic District (New Hamburg, New York)">
Stone Street Historic District (New Hamburg, New York)

The Stone Street Historic District is a one-block section of the west side of that street in the hamlet of New Hamburg, New York, United States. It was recognized as a historic district and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 as the largest group of intact houses in the hamlet.
An acre in area, it includes four houses built in the middle of the 19th century in vernacular styles ranging from Greek Revival to the only Second Empire house in the hamlet, reflecting architectural tastes of that time. Located atop a small rise with views to the Hudson River from the rear, they were in their time the premier residential area of their small community. The houses opposite them were demolished in a railroad expansion, but the remaining homes have been altered very little.
Buildings.
The district includes all four homes on the lots on Stone between Bridge Street on the south and Division Street on the north. The house at 18 Division is also included. All are contributing properties. There are two outbuildings, one of which is also considered contributing.
History.
The Stone Street lots were originally the property of Samuel and Maria Ellis, who bought them all in 1841 and built the original home at 18 Division Street. After Samuel Ellis died in 1857, Maria and her children began selling off the other lots. the recent construction of the nearby Hudson River Railroad had made Stone Street a prime residential property location, atop a low rise a short walk from downtown.
Marvin Van Anders, owner of the New Hamburg Hotel on Point Street, built 5 Stone Street for himself later that year. The lot next door went through several owners until Peter and Rachel Leroy bought it and built the house where they would live for the next 20 years. Finally, 9 Stone was sold in 1870 to William Bogardus, baggage master for the railroad. The original house at 18 Division Street was heavily renovated that year as well.
Around 1900 the neighborhood changed significantly when the New York Central, which now owned the tracks, decided to convert the tunnel originally built north of the New Hamburg station to an open cut. In order to do this, it acquired the homes on the east side of the street and demolished them, opening up the space in front of the homes on the west. The neighborhood changed again in 1928, when the railroad decided to expand the main line to four tracks and closed off the Main Street grade crossing. It was replaced by the new Bridge Street, which intersected Stone just south of today's district, making it a little more accessible to the center of the small community.
Since then some of the houses have been converted into apartments, as New Hamburg's days as a commercial shipping center have long ended, and the New York Central has given way to Metro-North's commuter service. Stone Street has remained largely intact.
Aesthetics.
5 and 7 Stone Street present an interesting contrast in styles. The Greek Revival forms of the former are extremely conservative for their time, suggesting an almost deliberate choice of a mode that had largely fallen out of favor by then, even in smaller towns. The Second Empire stylings of its neighbor are, by contrast, an early use for such a small town. It is possible that Leroy, a riverboat captain, had greater exposure to contemporary architectural trends through his work and visits to other Hudson Valley communities and reflected that in the way he chose to build his house.
A unifying touch to all four houses is the Hudson River Bracketed porches. This too reflects some awareness of architecture outside the immediate vicinity of New Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19737397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737397" title="Lingtai County">
Lingtai County

Lingtai County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Pingliang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 744400, and in 1999 its population was 226,576 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19737417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737417" title="United States vice-presidential debate, 1988">
United States vice-presidential debate, 1988

The 1988 vice-presidential debate featured Democratic vice-presidential candidate, Lloyd Bentsen debating Republican candidate, Dan Quayle. It was held on October 5, 1988.
Notable moments.
This debate featured the classic line, "Senator, you're no Jack Kennedy", spoken by Lloyd Bentsen to Dan Quayle. A transcript follows:
Tom Brokaw: Senator Quayle, I don't mean to beat this drum until it has no more sound in it. But to follow up on Brit Hume's question, when you said that it was a hypothetical situation, it is, sir, after all, the reason that we're here tonight, because you are running not just for Vice President — (Applause) — and if you cite the experience that you had in Congress, surely you must have some plan in mind about what you would do if it fell to you to become President of the United States, as it has to so many Vice Presidents just in the last 25 years or so.
Quayle: Let me try to answer the question one more time. I think this is the fourth time that I've had this question.
Brokaw: The third time.
Quayle: Three times that I've had this question — and I will try to answer it again for you, as clearly as I can, because the question you are asking is, "What kind of qualifications does Dan Quayle have to be president," "What kind of qualifications do I have," and "What would I do in this kind of a situation?" And what would I do in this situation? [...] I have far more experience than many others that sought the office of vice president of this country. I have as much experience in the Congress as Jack Kennedy did when he sought the presidency. I will be prepared to deal with the people in the Bush administration, if that unfortunate event would ever occur.
Judy Woodruff: Senator ?
Bentsen: Senator, I served with Jack Kennedy: I knew Jack Kennedy; Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine. Senator, you're no Jack Kennedy. (Prolonged shouts and applause.) What has to be done in a situation like that is to call in the —
Woodruff: Please, please, once again you are only taking time away from your own candidate.
Quayle: That was really uncalled for, Senator. (Shouts and applause.)
Bentsen: You are the one that was making the comparison, Senator — and I'm one who knew him well. And frankly I think you are so far apart in the objectives you choose for your country that I did not think the comparison was well-taken.

</doc>
<doc id="19737421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737421" title="Huating County, Pingliang">
Huating County, Pingliang

Huating County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Pingliang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 744100, and in 1999 its population was 176,941 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19737435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737435" title="HMS Investigator">
HMS Investigator

Nine ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Investigator". Another was planned, but renamed before being launched:

</doc>
<doc id="19737441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737441" title="Jingning County, Gansu">
Jingning County, Gansu

Jingning County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Pingliang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 743400, and in 2006 its population was 463,400 people. Its county seat is Chengguan.
The county government's jurisdiction is over 19 townships, 392 villages, 2320 other communities and 4 neighbourhoods.
Geographical location.
Located in the Loess Plateau, it is at an altitude of around 2000 meters. The county has an area of 2193 km². Out of its population of 463400, 444500 (95.92%) are registered as working in agriculture. Ethnic Han and Hui make up most of the population.
History.
There is evidence of Neolithic settlements in Jingning. The area was also inhabited during most of Chinese history, including the Three Kingdoms period. Sites have been dated to the Qin Dynasty.
During the Second Sino-Japanese War, the area was evacuated (1940). The Communist Long March entered Jingning on September 10, 1935. Mao Zedong set up a headquarters in Shi Pu. The Communists left the next month. However, the county was taken under Communist control by the People's Liberation Army during the Chinese Civil War. PLA troops entered on August 6, 1949. They met little resistance.
Climate.
The average annual temperature is 7.1 °C, and is classed as semi-arid. The area is frost-free for 159 days a year, and there are an average of 2238 hours of sun a year, around 6 hours per day. The summer is the 'wet season' whereas the spring and the winter are drier. Average annual rainfall is 450.8 millimeters.
Economy.
Among the items it produces are wheat, potatoes, corn, millet, buckwheat, oats, sesame, rapeseed, apples, pears and vegetables. The county is environmentally diverse, with more than 70 species of tree existing within the county, including apple trees, pear trees and the ash tree. For fruit production, the south of the county is more prevalent for apples, whereas pears are grown in the north. Many other things are cultivated in the county, including lilacs, leeks, garlic and licorice.
Mining also makes up part of the economy; iron ore, lead, zinc, white clay, and limestone are all mined in places such as Gao Hui.
Wildlife.
Jingning has a variety of diverse wildlife; tigers, bears, jackals, deer and Mongolian gazelle all inhabit the county. The county government registers 15 varieties of mammal as well as 27 types of bird in addition to 13 kinds of reptile and amphibian. Animals are also used in agriculture; pigs, cattle and chickens are the main animals used for farming. There are 31 varieties of rose grown in the county, along with many other varieties of wild flower.
Attractions.
"Wen Miao":The county boasts a Confucian temple named "Wen Miao" (or "Xian Shi Wen Miao", in Chinese, 繁體"先師文廟"，简体“先师文庙”)dating from 1543, built by scholar Ming Jiajing, and took 21 years to build, and it covers 18,076m². It was repaired by the Kangxi Emperor between 1692 and 1696. It was granted 'national heritage' status by the Chinese government in 1993. On July 12 every year a festival is held there which usually attracts around 10,000 people.
i
"Jingning Mosque":Another antiquity is the mosque, built in 1536. Originally it covered only 700m², but with an influx of Muslims into the county, it was increased to 2100m² in 1712.
"Wutai Mountain":Several famous mountains in Jingning such as the Wutai Mountain(also called Wenpingshan, not the Wutai Mountain in Shanxi Province).
"Fengtai Mountain":also called Horse Stables Mountain.
"Saving Dragon Mountain"
"Cheng Ji Cultural City": been built to commemorate Fuxi.
"West Ling Mountain Park": is built recent years.
"Jieshipu Red Army Long March Memorial Museum ":to commemorate the Long March of the People's Liberation Army in the county seat.
"Immortal Gap"
"Pearl forest"

</doc>
<doc id="19737454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737454" title="Martin McBreen">
Martin McBreen

Martin McBreen or Patrick Breen (d. October 4, 1911) was an American saloonkeeper and criminal associate of the Gopher Gang. A well-known and colorful Hell's Kitchen figure known as Paddy the Priest, he was the owner of a Tenth Avenue saloon frequented by the Gophers and other underworld figures. Traditional accounts claim that McBreen was shot and killed by close friend and Gopher member John "Happy Jack" Mulraney. Mulraney had a facial disfigurement, caused by a partial paralysis of his face, which resembled a permanent "crooked-like" half smile. When McBreen asked why he did not smile on the other side of his face, Mulraney killed him over the perceived insult and robbed the till. When apprehended by police, Mulraney reportedly remarked to officers ""I ain't smiling on either side of my face !"". His murder was one of the first major trials during the first decade of the 20th century and, quoting then Governor William Sulzer, was one of the most violent to have occurred in the city's history.
The shooting, according to news reports of the time, was committed by Mulraney and John J. Dowling in a night-long crime spree. He and Dowling were arrested with two other men, Martin Fay and Michael Saltzer, a week or so later by police detectives at Park Street and 108th Street. Following their arrest, Dowling confessed to breaking into the saloon with the intention of robbery and claimed that Mulraney had shot McBreen in self-defense when he appeared to be going for a gun. The two then fled and split up with Mulraney taking a trolley to Harlem while Dowling walked to the Bronx. Dowling, as well as the two others who accompanied them that night, were used as witnesses for the defense. Mulraney later admitted in a signed confession that he and Dowling hid in a cellar on West 52nd Street where they attempted to destroy evidence of their crime by disposing of the gun and scattered papers. These were later found by detectives and used to trace the murder to them. Mordecai Saltzman, an undercover detective for the Pinkerton Detective Agency, testified at the trial that his conversations with both Mulraney and Dowling that an unpaid debt of $50 may have also been a motive for the murder.
The crime was later referenced in the 2003 historical novel "And All The Saints" by Michael Walsh.

</doc>
<doc id="19737464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737464" title="Madeira Elementary School">
Madeira Elementary School

Madeira Elementary School is an elementary school in Cincinnati, Ohio. On September 29, 2008, Madeira Elementary was named a Blue Ribbon School. It was also a named a Blue Ribbon School in 2007. This school is located in the Madeira City School District. The school's principal is Sallie M. Weisgerber.

</doc>
<doc id="19737476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737476" title="Anding District, Dingxi">
Anding District, Dingxi

The Anding District is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is part of the Dingxi prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737493" title="Wudu District">
Wudu District

The Wudu District () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Longnan prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat.

</doc>
<doc id="19737507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737507" title="Tanchang County">
Tanchang County

Tanchang (), also pronounced Dangchang, is a county under the administration of Longnan City, in southern Gansu province, People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. Its postal code is 748500, and in 1999 its population was 283,559 people.
Administrative divisions.
Tanchang County has 6 towns and 25 townships.
Towns: Chengguan (城关镇), Hadapu (哈达铺镇), Lichuan (理川镇), Nanyang (南阳镇), Guanting (官亭镇), and Shawan (沙湾镇).
Townships: Awu (阿坞乡), Guan'e (官鹅藏族乡), Jinmu (金木乡), Niujia (牛家乡), Nanhe (南河乡), Bali (八力乡), Mu'er (木耳乡), Pangjia (庞家乡), Dashe (大舍乡), Hejiabao (何家堡乡), Boji (簸箕乡), Jiahe (贾河乡), Jiangtai (将台乡), Chela (车拉乡), Xinchengzi (新城子藏族乡), Linjiang (临江乡), Haodi (好梯乡), Hanyuan (韩院乡), Zhuyuan (竹院乡), Xinghua (兴化乡), Ganjiangtou (甘江头乡), Qinyu (秦峪乡), Huama (化马乡), Xinzhai (新寨乡), and Shizi (狮子乡).

</doc>
<doc id="19737523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737523" title="The Quick and the Undead">
The Quick and the Undead

The Quick and the Undead is a 2006 zombie horror film written, directed, and produced by Gerald Nott.
Plot.
In the present, a plague breaks out causing the infected to become zombies. The action starts 80 years later, where the western United States has devolved into a series of ghost towns overrun by zombies. The government awards bounty hunters bounties in exchange for pinkies of the undead.
Ryn Baskin (Clint Glenn) is a bounty hunter. After a successful hunt, he is robbed and left for dead by a rival gang of hunters, led by Blythe Remington (Parrish Randall), who plans to spread the plague, creating a larger bounty market. Ryn survives and follows Remington with the aid of Hans Tubman (Nicola Giacobbe), a foreigner who had double crossed Ryn. This leads him to a final confrontation not just with Blythe, but with a huge zombie army.

</doc>
<doc id="19737529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737529" title="Cobalt fluoride">
Cobalt fluoride

Cobalt fluoride may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19737538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737538" title="Kang County">
Kang County

Kang County or Kangxian () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Longnan prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 746500, and in 1999 its population was 199,570 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19737549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737549" title="François-Henri Salomon de Virelade">
François-Henri Salomon de Virelade

François-Henri Salomon de Virelade (4 October 1620, Bordeaux - 2 March 1670, Bordeaux) was a French lawyer. He was elected the third occupant of Académie française seat 29 in 1644.

</doc>
<doc id="19737557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737557" title="Georg Rudolf Boehmer">
Georg Rudolf Boehmer

Georg Rudolf Boehmer (German: Böhmer) (October 1, 1723 – April 4, 1803) was a German botanist and physician born in Liegnitz.
He studied botany at the University of Leipzig under Christian Gottlieb Ludwig (1709–1773). In 1752 he succeeded Abraham Vater (1684–1751) as professor of botany and anatomy at the University of Wittenberg, where in 1782 became a professor of therapy. During his career he also had part-time duties as "Stadtphysikus" in Wittenberg, later serving a similar function in Kemberg.
Among his publications was a five volume work on natural history called "Bibliotheca scriptorum historiae naturalis". The plant genus "Boehmeria" from the family Urticaceae is named in his honor. He is also known as an entomologist.

</doc>
<doc id="19737563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737563" title="Kentucky Route 146">
Kentucky Route 146

Kentucky Route 146 (KY 146) is an east–west state highway in northwestern Kentucky.
Its major junctions include:
Louisville:
Lyndon Lane,
Whipps Mill Road,
Evergreen Road,
I-265 (exit 30) LaGrange Road,
Crestwood:
KY 362, (KY 146 carries KY 362 for 1/4 mile),
I-71 (exit 17) KY 146,
LaGrange:
KY 53,
KY 712,
Henry County:
KY 153,
KY 157,
There are no low clearances along the entirety of this route and is mostly two lane. This route is rather smartly designed as it carries traffic from Henry County to the East end of Louisville, KY. If travelling Northbound on I-71, exit 28 will route you to KY 146. New Castle is the Eastern terminus for KY 146. Its speed limit is in the rural parts and in the city limits.

</doc>
<doc id="19737564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737564" title="First Federal Electoral District of Aguascalientes">
First Federal Electoral District of Aguascalientes

The First Federal Electoral District of Aguascalientes "(I Distrito Electoral Federal de Aguascalientes)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of three such districts in the state of Aguascalientes.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 redistricting process, the First District of Aguascalientes is made up of the municipalities of Cosío, Rincón de Romos, Tepezalá, Asientos, Pabellón de Arteaga, San José de Gracia, Jesús María, San Francisco de los Romo, Calvillo, and El Llano.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Jesús María, Aguascalientes.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
The electoral district was composed of the same municipalities under the 1996–2005 districting scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="19737595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737595" title="Paul d'Albert de Luynes">
Paul d'Albert de Luynes

Paul d'Albert de Luynes (5 January 1703, Versailles - 21 January 1788, Paris) was a French prelate. He was elected the seventh occupant of Académie française seat 29 in 1743.

</doc>
<doc id="19737609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737609" title="Lintan County">
Lintan County

Lintan County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Gannan Prefecture. Its postal code is 747500, and in 1999 its population was 148,722 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19737617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737617" title="Combretastatin A-4">
Combretastatin A-4

Combretastatin A-4 is a combretastatin and a stilbenoid. It can be isolated from "Combretum caffrum", the Eastern Cape South African bushwillow tree or in "Combretum leprosum", the mofumbo, a species found in Brazil.
Derivatives.
Combretastatin A-4 is the active component of combretastatin A-4 phosphate, a prodrug designed to damage the vasculature (blood vessels) of cancer tumors causing central necrosis. A large number of synthetic derivatives have been reported, including beta-lactam based compounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19737630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737630" title="Jonê County">
Jonê County

Jonê County (Tibetan: ཅོ་ནེ་རྫོང་།, "Cho-ne dzong"; ; ) is an administrative district in the Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Gansu Province, China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Gannan Prefecture. Its postal code is 747600. Its area is 4,954 km2, and its population is over 100,000 people. It is administered from Jonê Town (Tibetan: Cho-ne Town)
Description.
The county covers both banks of the middle section of the Lu-chu. The country town and adjacent Cho-ne Monastery are on the north bank. The side valleys on the southern side used to be branches of the ancient kingdom of Cho-ne.
History.
Cho-ne was part of a separate kingdom formed, according to legend, after its invasion by warriors who migrated across the mountains from Szechuan conquering the local tribes in 1404. The contemporary descendants of the Choni royal line claim that their line is Tibetan, and that their ancestors migrated from central Tibet through Sichuan. 
The Yongle Emperor (May 2, 1360 – August 12, 1424) named one of these invading warriors hereditary chief ("tusi"), bestowing the name of "Yang" and an imperial seal upon his line. The Choni Prince (co ne rgyal po) established a palace on the north bank of the Tao River. The family holding the Yang seal continued to rule over 48 Tibetan clans in Chon-ne as an autonomous kingdom from the early 15th century for 23 generations, until 1928, when it was placed under the control of the Lanchow government. In the late Qing Dynasty and Republican Period, many nomadic regions had considerable "de facto" independence, despite the claims and perspective of the Chinese rulers.
Among the six monasteries in the county, all of them Tibetan Geluk establishments, is the great Cho-ne Monastery.)
The American botanist Joseph Rock spent almost 2 years in Jonê ("Choni", in his spelling) in 1925-26. He resided in the compound of the local chief (the 19th-generation "tusi" Yang Jiqing (杨积庆)), making it the base for his exploration of southern Gansu and eastern Qinghai. His account of the culture of this "almost unknown Tibetan principality", as he described it, illustrated with color photographs, was published in the "National Geographic".
As of 2012, Jonê was apparently closed to foreign visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19737631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737631" title="Jōhana Station">
Jōhana Station

Layout.
The station has two side platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19737656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737656" title="Zhugqu County">
Zhugqu County

Zhougqu County (Chinese: 舟曲县, pinyin: "Zhōuqū Xiàn"; Tibetan: , ZWPY: "Zhugqu Zong") is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Gannan Prefecture. Its postal code is 746300, and in 2010 its population was 134,000 people. This county is one of the few counties in Gannan (perhaps the only one) where Tibetans do not form the majority. 
2010 mudslide.
According to historical records, Chengguan Town (Chinese: 城关镇, "the county seat area") has been struck by 11 devastating mudslides since 1823.
On Aug 8, 2010, deadly mudslides caused by torrential rain struck the county and resulted in 1,144 people dead. It has been said by some experts that the scale of disaster was affected by deforestation and the construction of hydro dams in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19737681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737681" title="2000 All-Pro Team">
2000 All-Pro Team

The 2000 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 2000. Both first and second teams are listed for the AP team. These are the three teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 2000 the Pro Football Writers Association and Pro Football Weekly combined their All-pro teams, a practice with continues through 2008. In 2000 the AP did not have a separate “Fullback” position.

</doc>
<doc id="19737683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737683" title="Têwo County">
Têwo County

Têwo County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Gannan Prefecture. Its postal code is 747400, and in 1999 its population was 55,568 people.
The Lazikou Pass, a mountain pass of strategical significance during the Long March, is located in Têwo County.

</doc>
<doc id="19737698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737698" title="Second Federal Electoral District of Aguascalientes">
Second Federal Electoral District of Aguascalientes

The Second Federal Electoral District of Aguascalientes "(II Distrito Electoral Federal de Aguascalientes)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of three such districts in the state of Aguascalientes.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 redistricting process, it is made up of the eastern portion of the municipality of Aguascalientes.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the state capital, the city of Aguascalientes, Ags.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the district was composed of northern portion of the municipality of Aguascalientes.

</doc>
<doc id="19737702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737702" title="Maqu County">
Maqu County

Maqu County (Tibetanརྨ་ཆུ་རྫོང，Rma chu rdzong) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Gannan Prefecture. Its postal code is 747300, and in 1999 its population was 36,213 people. The area of Maqu County is 10,191 km2 with an average altitude of 3,700 meters. Maqu County receives high rainfall, and conditions are optimal for alpine meadow vegetation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737706" title="2009 Hopman Cup">
2009 Hopman Cup

The Hopman Cup XXI (also known as the Hyundai Hopman Cup for sponsorship reasons) corresponds to the 21st edition of the Hopman Cup tournament between nations in men's and women's tennis. The tournament was held from 3 January through 9 January 2009 at the Burswood Entertainment Complex in Perth, Australia.
Eight nations competed. They were formed of one man and one woman from the same nation. The nations were split into two pools of four in a round robin format, with the group winners contesting the final.
The United States were the defending champions and they were invited to compete again. Chinese Taipei qualified for the event by winning the Asian Hopman Cup.
Slovakia won their third title, defeating Russia in the final 2–0.
Teams and seeding.
<ol start="5">
<li> – Flavia Pennetta and Simone Bolelli
<li> – Sabine Lisicki and Nicolas Kiefer
<li> – Dominika Cibulková and Dominik Hrbatý (Champions)
<li> – Hsieh Su-Wei and Lu Yen-Hsun

</doc>
<doc id="19737716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737716" title="Luqu County">
Luqu County

Luqu County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Gannan Prefecture. Its postal code is 717200, and in 1999 its population was 30,039 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19737743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737743" title="Third Federal Electoral District of Aguascalientes">
Third Federal Electoral District of Aguascalientes

The Third Federal Electoral District of Aguascalientes "(III Distrito Electoral Federal de Aguascalientes)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of three such districts in the state of Aguascalientes.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 redistricting process, it is made up of the western portion of the municipality of Aguascalientes.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the state capital, the city of Aguascalientes, Ags.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the district was composed of southern portion of the municipality of Aguascalientes.

</doc>
<doc id="19737748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737748" title="Archduke Peter Ferdinand of Austria">
Archduke Peter Ferdinand of Austria

Archduke "Peter Ferdinand" Salvator Karl Ludwig Maria Joseph Leopold Anton Rupert Pius Pancraz of Austria, Prince Imperial of Austria, Prince of Hungary and Bohemia, Prince of Tuscany) (12 May 1874, Salzburg, Austria-Hungary – 8 November 1948, St. Gilgen, Salzburg, Austria) was the titular Grand Duke of Tuscany from 28 February 1942 to 8 November 1948.
Family.
Peter Ferdinand was the fourth child and third-eldest son of Ferdinand IV, Grand Duke of Tuscany and his wife Alice of Bourbon-Parma.
Marriage and issue.
Peter Ferdinand married Princess Maria Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, daughter of Prince Alfonso of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Caserta and his wife Princess Antonietta of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, on 8 November 1900 in Cannes, France. Peter Ferdinand and Maria Cristina had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="19737759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737759" title="Thomas Horace Fuller">
Thomas Horace Fuller

Thomas Horace Fuller (ca. 1816 – August 24, 1861) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Richmond County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1855 to 1859.
He was born on Cape Breton Island, the son of John Fuller and Mary Oakley, and studied law, becoming an attorney in 1847 and a barrister the following year. In 1849, he married Margaret Lanigan. From 1850 to 1859, Fuller was registrar of probate for Richmond County. He was also named commissioner for supervising the construction of the St Peters Canal, serving until 1856. After he ran unsuccessfully for reelection in 1859, Fuller returned to the practice of law at Arichat where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="19737764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737764" title="Henrik Tömmernes">
Henrik Tömmernes

Joakim Henrik Tömmernes (born August 28, 1990) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Utica Comets of the American Hockey League (AHL). He was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks in the seventh-round, 210th overall, of the 2011 National Hockey League Entry Draft. Tömmernes played four seasons with Frölunda HC in the Elitserien before moving to North America to join the Canucks minor league affiliate in Utica.
Playing career.
Tömmernes played junior hockey Färjestad BK in the J18 Elit. In 2006–07 season, his first with the team, Tömmernes helped them win the J18 Allsvenskan championship. The following season he helped Färjestad back to the championship where they finished second. Tömmernes led all South Division defenceman in assists and points. Prior to the 2008–09 season Tömmernes moved to Frölunda HC in the J20 SuperElit once he became to old for the U18 team. He continued to contribute points from the blue line leading all South Division defenders in goals, assists, and points. He also made his Elitserien debut playing in 11 games with Frölunda's top team. In the off season Tömmernes signed a two-year contract with Frölunda.
In the first year of his contract Tömmernes played four games in the J20 SuperElit recording a goal and an assist. For the majority of the season he played in the SHL and also played 23 games for Borås HC in the HockeyAllsvenskan while on loan from Frölunda. During the 2010–11 season Tömmernes suffered a knee injury in the opening game. He returned to play in 47 games registering a career high 20 points. Following the end of the season the National Hockey League's (NHL) Vancouver Canucks drafted Tömmernes in the seventh round, 210th overall, in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. Despite being drafted Tömmernes agreed to return with Frölunda on a one-year contract. Tömmernes was injured again in the 2011–12 season, suffering a broken jaw. In 44 games he increased his goal production from three to five, but his overall point production fell to 14. He again signed a one-year contract extension with Frölunda at the season's end. 
Following the completion of the 2012–13 season Tömmernes and Vancouver agreed to terms on a three-year entry-level contract. He joined the Canucks for training camp and played in the preseason registering two assists. He failed to make the team and was assigned to Vancouver's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Utica Comets.

</doc>
<doc id="19737786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737786" title="United States vice-presidential debate, 1992">
United States vice-presidential debate, 1992

The 1992 vice-presidential debate was part of the 1992 presidential election was between Democratic nominee, Bill Clinton's running mate, Al Gore; Ross Perot's running mate, James Stockdale; and Republican candidate, incumbent Dan Quayle. It was held on Tuesday, October 13, 1992.
Venue.
The Debate was filmed at Georgia Tech in Atlanta, Georgia. Hal Bruno of ABC News served as moderator.

</doc>
<doc id="19737789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737789" title="House of Mystery (Vertigo)">
House of Mystery (Vertigo)

House of Mystery is an occult and horror-themed comic book anthology series based on the classic "House of Mystery" series that ran from 1951 to 1983. The writers, Bill Willingham and Matthew Sturges, debuted the series in July 2008 under Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.
Plot.
Cain (of Cain and Abel) attempts to return to the House of Mystery, his home in the Dreaming, and finds that it has disappeared. Seven years later, in Texas, a former architecture student named Bethany "Fig" Keele flees her burning house, saving only a handful of sketches she once made of a house from her dreams. Keele is pursued by a "Pair of the Conception", agents of an entity known as the "Omneity"; they are two people, a male and a female, always holding hands. If they let go of one another, they will disappear. The pair chases her through a door and unwittingly into the House of Mystery, where she meets the inhabitants of the house bar and discovers the terms of what is apparently her imprisonment. Everyone must pay for their drinks with stories, and no one can leave without being picked up by the house's mysterious coachman. None of the house's occupants are sure why some people might get to leave and others not, so each person's stay is at least ostensibly eternal until the coachman inexplicably turns up to take them away. This doesn't stop some of the inhabitants from trying to get out, nor does it stop Cain from attempting to get back in.
Collected editions.
The series is being collected into trade paperback:

</doc>
<doc id="19737797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737797" title="United States vice-presidential debate, 1996">
United States vice-presidential debate, 1996

The 1996 vice presidential debate, part of the 1996 presidential election, featured then vice-president Al Gore, a Democrat and Republican opposition, Jack Kemp.
Venue.
Filming took place at the Mahaffey Theater at the Bayfront Center in St. Petersburg, Florida. Jim Lehrer of PBS moderated the deabte. 

</doc>
<doc id="19737800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737800" title="Pleasure Ridge Park High School">
Pleasure Ridge Park High School

Pleasure Ridge Park High School is a High School located at 5901 Greenwood Road in the Pleasure Ridge Park neighborhood of Louisville, Kentucky. It is part of the Jefferson County Public Schools (Kentucky) district. It is located next to Greenwood Road Elementary School and Valley Sports Little League.
The campus consists of four buildings, a football stadium, a softball field, a band practice field, a baseball field, a soccer field, and a football practice field. The main building consists of the Old Gym, the ITV room, the lunch room, the library, two computer labs, the main office, and the counselor's office. The tech building consists of the freshman office, a computer lab, and the weight room. The other two buildings are the E building and the New Gym.
Football death.
In January 2009, the school's football coach, David Jason Stinson, was indicted with a charge of reckless homicide in the death of lineman Max Gilpin, who collapsed during practice in August 2008 when the heat index reached 94. Gilpin had a temperature of 107 when he arrived at the hospital, and he died three days later. Stinson resigned pending the outcome of the case, and was found not guilty in September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19737827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737827" title="Joe Cappelletti">
Joe Cappelletti

Joe Cappelletti is an American voice actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19737830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737830" title="Max Olding and Pamela Page">
Max Olding and Pamela Page

Max Olding and Pamela Page are a distinguished Australian husband and wife team of duo-pianists. They have performed separately in recitals and as concerto soloists, chamber music performers and accompanists both nationally and internationally, but are best known as a piano duo.
They met when they tied for first place in the inaugural Royal Concert Trust Fund Competition in London in 1954. They married in Vienna.
They performed as a duo for the opening of ABC Television in 1956. They have given many recitals in Australia, the United Kingdom, the United States, Austria, Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Hong Kong, and New Zealand. In Australia they have appeared with all major and many regional orchestras.
Their repertoire is extensive and includes original two-piano works and concertos as well as arrangements and transcriptions. Larry Sitsky composed his Concerto for Two Pianos for this duo while he was lecturing at the Queensland Conservatorium of Music. Many other works have been dedicated to them by composers including Felix Werder, Peter Sculthorpe, Philip Bračanin, John Carmichael and Margaret Sutherland. 
Max Olding.
Maxwell Charles Olding AM was born on 4 July 1929. His career has embraced conducting symphonic, choral, operatic and theatre works as well as teaching, administration and as organist and choirmaster. In 1950, at age 21, he was appointed an Australian Music Examinations Board (AMEB) Examiner. He won the Commonwealth final of the 1952 ABC’s Concerto Competition. 
He began his tertiary teaching career at the University of Melbourne Conservatorium. He was an adjudicator at the 1952 City of Sydney Eisteddfod and has since adjudicated at most of Australia’s major music competitions, has chaired many of them and has acted as external examiner for higher degrees at the Universities of Melbourne, Western Australia, Tasmania, Queensland, Southern Queensland and Queensland University of Technology (QUT).
In 1952 he was a state finalist in the ABC Concerto and Vocal Competition.
He has held senior teaching and administrative positions in the Queensland Conservatorium Griffith University (Deputy Director and Principal Lecturer in Piano); QUT (Acting Head and Senior Lecturer); and City University of New York (Visiting Professor).
He is a Patron of the Music Teachers Association of Queensland, the Piano Tuners and Technicians Guild and is a Fellow of the Queensland Conservatorium. He has given many master classes and seminars nationally and internationally.
He is Deputy Chair and Principal Examiner (Instrumental) for the AMEB in Queensland. In recent years he has also worked extensively in Southeast Asia and New Zealand for the Board in examining and promotional activities.
Max Olding has held positions as President of the Queensland Symphony Orchestra Society and Deputy Chair of the Brisbane Institute of Art. He is Patron of the Queensland Piano Tuners and Technicians Guild and is a Life Member of the Queensland Accompanists Guild.
He is a Churchill Fellow.
Pamela Page.
Pamela Harcourt Page was born on 4 April 1934. She won an Empire Overseas Scholarship to study at Trinity College of Music, London, where she was awarded the Maude Seton Prize for the most outstanding student. She later performed on BBC radio and television and gave solo and concerto performances in London and the English counties. She was subsequently accepted into Walter Gieseking’s master class in Saarbrücken.
Back in Australia, she provided the close-up scenes of the pianist's hands in "Wherever She Goes", a 1951 biographical film about Eileen Joyce (whose character was otherwise played by Suzanne Parrett). She gave many concerto performances in all capital cities, recitals on ABC radio, live TV appearances and also hosted a TV children's show. Later she was appointed as Senior Lecturer at the Faculty of Music, University of Queensland. She is also a painter. 
Max Olding and Pamela Page have one son, the violinist Dene Olding.
Honours and awards.
In January 1991, Max Olding was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in recognition of his service to music and to music education.
The AMEB in Queensland have named their auditorium the Max Olding Auditorium.
Both Pamela Page and Max Olding were awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19737831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737831" title="Kathy Mattea discography">
Kathy Mattea discography

The discography of Kathy Mattea, an American country music singer, comprises fifteen studio albums, two compilation albums and forty-one singles. From 1984 to 1997, Mattea recorded for Mercury Records, the label with which she achieved her greatest commercial success. During this time period, she had six consecutive albums, five studio and one compilation, certified Gold or Platinum by the RIAA. To date, Mattea has a total of 17 Top 10 singles on the Billboard charts as either a solo artist or as part of a collaborative effort. Of those Top 10 singles, four of them, "Goin' Gone", "Eighteen Wheels and a Dozen Roses", "Come from the Heart" and "Burnin' Old Memories", peaked at #1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19737846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737846" title="Osafjord">
Osafjord

The Osafjord is an arm of the Hardangerfjord in Hordaland county, Norway. Fully located within Ulvik municipality, the fjord is 12 km long. The outermost part of the fjord is known as Bagnsfjorden, named after the headland where the fjord starts. The Ulvikfjord is an arm of the Osafjord.

</doc>
<doc id="19737851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737851" title="Lingao County">
Lingao County

Língāo County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Limko or Limkao; ) is an administrative district in Hainan, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 4 counties of Hainan. Its postal code is 571800, and in 1999 its population was 399,057 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19737876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737876" title="Peter Andersson (ice hockey b. 1991)">
Peter Andersson (ice hockey b. 1991)

Karl Peter Andersson (born April 13, 1991) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for Vancouver Canucks organization. At the 2009 NHL Entry Draft Andersson was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks in the fifth round, 143rd overall.
Playing career.
On June 2, 2010, Andersson signed an entry level contract with the Vancouver Canucks.
International play.
Andersson played for Sweden at the 2010 World Junior Championships held in Saskatchewan, Canada, winning a bronze medal against Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19737883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737883" title="Caius Brediceanu">
Caius Brediceanu

Caius Brediceanu (b. April 25, 1879, Lugoj - d. 1953) was a Romanian politician and diplomat.
Biography.
Caius Brediceanu was born in Lugoj, being the second son of Coriolan Brediceanu. He started his studies in, continuing them in the German gymnasium in Sebeş, the German lyceum in Sibiu, and thereafter in Bucharest and Iaşi. In 1896 he started studying medicine in Vienna, but changed his mind and switched to Law school where he got his doctors degrree in Law and Political Sciences. He also attended the courses of philosophy at the University of Paris. 
Returning to Banat he started a political career. He participated at Alba Iulia National Assembly being elected member of the High National Romanian Council of Transylvania. After the unification of Transylvania and Romania he was appointed undersecretary of state of the Ministry of Foreign affairs. In 1919 he was member of the Romanian delegation to the Paris Peace Conference, representing the interests of the province of Banat. 
In 1921 he was appointed a Minister of State for Transylvania and Banat in the Take Ionescu government. He then entered the diplomatic corps being subsequently:
He was the brother of Tiberiu Brediceanu, Sempronia, and Cornelia, Lucian Blaga's wife. 
Caius Brediceanu died in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19737891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737891" title="Chengmai County">
Chengmai County

Chéngmài County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Tsingmai; ) is an administrative district in Hainan, the People's Republic of China. It is one of four counties of Hainan. Its postal code is 571900. In 2002, its population was 490,800.
History.
The first record of Chengmai County is in 110 BC, when it referred to as Guo County in one of Emperor Wu of Han's records. The county acquired its current name under the Sui Dynasty reorganisation of 607. It was also recorded during the Ming Dynasty.
Geography.
Located in northwest Hainan, it is 56 km wide (east to west) and 70 km long (north to south). It has a total land area of 2067.6 km². Climate-wise, it is tropical with ample sunshine and moderate rainfall all year round; on average, the county receives 2060.5 hours of sunshine and 1756 mm of rain each year. The average annual temperature is 23.7 °C.
With a total land area of 206,700 hectares, melons and other tropical crops are grown around the county.
More than 20 rivers flow through the county, providing 17.4 billion m³ of water per year.
Economy.
The main industry is mining, with more than ten resources available within the county including quartz, stone, limestone, crystals, gold, silver, peat, zinc, aluminium, iron ore, kaolin, and manganese. Over 5 billion tonnes of quartz are still unmined in the county, with an average grade of 99.5% silicon. There are also nearly 11 million tonnes of limestone remaining in addition to crystal deposits 5.5 km long and 3 km wide and around 80,000,000 tonnes of kaolin.
Fishing also makes up a large part, with the county possessing 89.8 km of coastline. Apart from farm fishing, marine catches include mackerel, redfish, croaker fish, grouper, pomfret, tuna, squid, cuttlefish, lobster and shrimp, are fished in the harbour at Tu Beach. The diverse and populous fish are a result of a nutrient-rich sediment at the bottom of the harbour.
Demographics.
The Han people account for 99.5% of the population of the county.
Longevity.
The people of Chengmai County live to an average of 77.79 years. Among the population are 215 centenarians. The proportion of centenarians compared to the rest of the county's population, and the overall number, ranks highest of all cities and counties in China.
Of the total 565,000 people living in the county, 18,500 are more than 80 years old, 896 of which are couples.

</doc>
<doc id="19737902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737902" title="Saliva discography">
Saliva discography

The discography of Saliva, an American hard rock band, consists of eight studio albums, one compilation album, two extended plays, eighteen singles and ten music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="19737903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737903" title="Freikugeln">
Freikugeln

Freikugeln ("Magic Bullets" or "Free-Shooter"), opus 326, is a polka composed by Johann Strauss II. The composition commemorated the 3rd German Federal Shooting Contest, which attracted no less than ten thousand entrants from around the world. The work was first performed in July 1868 at the Vienna Volksgarten.

</doc>
<doc id="19737904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737904" title="Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay

The men's 4x200 metre freestyle relay was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fifth appearance of the event, which was established in 1908. The competition was held on Saturday August 11, 1928.
The United States replaced two swimmers between the semi-finals and the final, while Japan replaced one. Fifty-five swimmers from 13 nations competed.
Medalists.
Note: The International Olympic Committee medal database shows only these four swimmers from the United States as gold medalist. Paul Samson and David Young both swam in the semi-final are not credited with medals. Also the Japanese Kazuo Noda who swam in the semi-final is not listed as silver medalist.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
The United States with Paul Samson, Austin Clapp, David Young, and Johnny Weissmuller set a new world record in the semi-final with 9:38.8 minutes. In the final the United States with Austin Clapp, Walter Laufer, George Kojac, and Johnny Weissmuller bettered the world record to 9:36.2 minutes.
Results.
Semifinals.
The fastest two in each semi-final and the fastest third-placed from across the semi-finals advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3

</doc>
<doc id="19737915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737915" title="Dafni Indoor Hall">
Dafni Indoor Hall

Dafni Indoor Hall (also known as Michalis Mouroutsos Indoor Hall) is an indoor basketball sporting arena that is located in the district of Dafni, Attica, which is about 3 km from the downtown center of the city of Athens, Greece. It is currently home to the Amyntas Dafnis Greek professional basketball team.
The arena was built in 1992, and has a seating capacity of 1,200 people. The hall is owned by the municipality of Dafni, Attica. It is named after Michalis Mouroutsos, a Tae-Kwon-Do athlete from Dafni, who won the gold medal in the 2000 Olympic Tae-Kwon-Do Tournament at the Sydney 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19737916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737916" title="Julien Civange">
Julien Civange

Julien Civange is a musician, composer, lyricist, and producer. He was born in Paris, France.
DJ at age 10 on the French underground radio "Carbone 14", then musical reporter for the major French magazines, radio and TV stations, Julien Civange, leaves the world of media at the age of 17 with a significant experience of the entertainment world. He has met numerous musicians (Bo Diddley, Charlie Burchill, Joe Strummer, Téléphone) who contributed to his musical autodidact background.
La Place.
At 16, Julien Civange created the rock band La Place, with two school friends. In its very first version the band sounds like a mix of punk energy and funk music.
David Bowie who wanted the "best beginners band of the moment" invited La Place as an opening band for his concert with Tin Machine at la Cigale (1989).
Following a Tour Sauvage and hundreds of live shows before various change of line-up and 4 years stuck in a basement, from which they emerge to make 7 concerts with the Simple Minds (April–May 1995). Two months after, they were invited by the Rolling Stones at the Olympia (July 1995).
After this concerts, the band who had never had a label until then signed with an indie one (La Bande Son Canal +) and recorded their first and only album.
Emmaus Mouvement.
In 1998, following many encounters with Abbé Pierre, musician, producer Julien Civange proposed to add his contribution to the 50th year anniversary of the Emmaus Mouvement by gathering together on one album a number of different musicians who supported the idea behind the Emmaus Mouvement - that is to say, the fight against all forms of exclusion. However, there was one condition - that every musician had to create a specific piece of music for the occasion or offer an as yet unpublished/unrecorded work. French singer Jean-Louis Aubert composed a very beautiful song "veille sur moi", Stéphane Eicher recorded a duet with the group Bratsch, Joe Strummer improvised a folk cover version of « Junco Partner », Linton Kwesi Johnson (LKJ) did a duet with Shurik'n and Imothep of the group IAM, Marianne Faithfull recorded the poems of Shakespeare, the group Les Rita Mitsouko recorded "Le Juste Prix", and Rachid Taha offered "54". Manu Chao, the group "Air", Cassius, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, FFF and Howie B also participated in the album that was produced by Virgin Records.
Director, photographer Raymond Depardon made the promotional film for the album. Thanks to a competition by Steven Rubin, Fuji Laboratories and the film director David Fincher ("Seven", "The Game") 450 reels of film were released throughout France and shown just before the movie "Fight Club".
The album was well received by both the public and the press, and therefore achieved its goal : for Emmaus Mouvement to touch a wide public particularly young people whilst celebrating its 50th anniversary through music.
Music2Titan (2005).
Its more "abstract" production is Music2titan : Four musical themes composed with Louis Haeri that were placed on board ESA's Huygens probe in October 1997. Their vocation is to strengthen ESA and NASA's Cassini-Huygens mission to Saturn and Titan with the aim to leave trace of our humanity to the unknown and build awareness about this adventure. "Hot Time", "Bald James Deans", "Lalala" and "No Love" have reached Titan on January 2005 after a 7 years and 4 billion kilometer journey. Never will human signs have traveled and landed so far.
In 2004, Julien Civange organised the distribution and promotion of these music throughout the world by putting in place a system of distribution that is uniquely online (more adapted to follow the planning of a space mission than a physical distribution ! ) with all the iTunes Music Stores of Apple around the planet. Since then, from Cupertino the ITMS team supervises the release of the 4 pieces of music. Quick Time also actively participates in the promotion of this intergalactic event.
The on-going progress and news is released by the media around the world, the site www.music2titan.com created for the occasion receives millions of visits from more than 110 countries and thousands of e-mails from around the globe.
The depositions of support flowed in from around the world, from the simple man in the street to the stars of the scientific world, to the stars of the entertainment world, like Mick Jagger who declared in a press statement : Mick Jagger said (see: [http://asimov.esrin.esa.it/esaCP/SEMXQIO3E4E_index_0.html]) : ""Music has always been at the centre of cultures all over the world and I believe it will continue to play a important part in thousands of years time. Music has a role in the same way as technology and science in reflecting the age we live in and generally exploring new areas beyond the accepted boundaries and beyond earth. The music on board the spacecraft offers a very human touch to the project and at the same time provides an important educational aspect to the mission about outer space and contributes positively to the debate about whether there is any other planet or moon which can potentially sustain life"."
Other artistic contributions.
Julien has also composed and produced music or supervised soundtracks for films, for play, as well as for art Installations

</doc>
<doc id="19737924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737924" title="Ding'an County">
Ding'an County

Dìng'ān County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Tingan) is an administrative district in Hainan, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 4 counties of Hainan. In 1999 its population was 304,522 people. The town of Dingcheng is located within the county.

</doc>
<doc id="19737927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737927" title="Rille (disambiguation)">
Rille (disambiguation)

A rille is a groove-like depression in the lunar surface. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19737964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737964" title="Tunchang County">
Tunchang County

Túnchāng County is one of four counties of Hainan Province, People's Republic of China. Its postal code is 571600, and in 1999 its population was 250,059 people. The administrative seat lies at Tunchang.
There are four main attractions in this county: The Muse Lake, The Standard Model Deer Farm, Shi Xia Hairui Ancestral Home and the Wolong Mountain.
In 1983, a company from Guangxi Province, southern China, moved to Tunchang and started raising geoemydid turtles on a farm. They have since moved to a place near Sanya, which is closer to the ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="19737968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737968" title="Szold">
Szold

Szold (, ) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19737987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19737987" title="William Bennett Webster">
William Bennett Webster

William Bennett Webster (January 18, 1798 – April 4, 1861) was a doctor, amateur geologist and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented King's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1855 to 1861.
He was born in Kentville, Nova Scotia, the son of Doctor Isaac Webster and Prudence Bentley. He studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh, later returning to Kentville around 1822. In 1826, Webster married Wilhelmina Moore. He helped found the Nova Scotia Medical Society in 1854. He also laid out the plan for the main streets of Kentville. Webster died in office at Halifax at the age of 63. His geological collection was donated to the provincial museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19738013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738013" title="Pat Martin (baseball)">
Pat Martin (baseball)

Patrick Francis Martin (April 13, 1892 – February 4, 1949) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1919 to 1920. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics. Martin started seven major league games and went 1–6.
Martin also pitched in the minor leagues from 1913 to 1927, compiling a career minor league record of 163–125. His greatest season was 1916, with the Eastern League's New London Planters. He pitched a career-high 248 innings, won a career-high 21 games, and led the league in winning percentage. The Planters won the pennant.

</doc>
<doc id="19738020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738020" title="Qionghai">
Qionghai

Qionghai () is one of the 7 county-level cities of Hainan province, People's Republic of China. It is located in the east of the island at the mouth of the Wanquan River, from the provincial capital of Haikou. It has an area of and in 2010, it had a population of 483,217.
The seat of government is at Jiaji (), often now referred to simply as Qionghai. Bo'ao, seat of the Boao Forum for Asia, belongs to Qionghai City.
The former counties of Qiongdong (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Kiungtung) and Lehui (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Lokwei) are now part of Qiongdong City.
Climate.
Qionghai has a tropical monsoon climate (Köppen "Am"). Monsoonal influences are strong, with a relatively lengthy wet season and a pronounced dry season (January to March). Rainfall is heaviest and most frequent from August to October, when typhoons may strike, and is otherwise still common throughout the year, averaging an annual total of ; there are 9.3 days with or more of rain. Humidity is consistently very high, with an average relative humidity of 85.8%. With monthly percent possible sunshine ranging from 31% in February to 62% in July, the city receives 2,037 hours of bright sunshine annually; the city receives about only a third of possible sunshine from December thru February, while May thru July is the sunniest time of year.
Administrative divisions.
Qionghai is divided into 12 towns:
Other.
Qionghai is historically associated with the Red Detachment of Women, an all-female company of the Chinese Red Army who survived Nationalist persecution. A novel based on their story has been made into a ballet (The Red Detachment of Women) and two films.
The most famous dish of Qionghai is Jiaji Duck, originally introduced to Qionghai by locals who returned from living in Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19738024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738024" title="Rose garden">
Rose garden

A Rose garden or Rosarium is a garden or park, often open to the public, used to present and grow various types of garden roses. Designs vary tremendously and roses may be displayed alongside other plants or grouped by individual variety, colour or class in rose beds.
Origins of the rose garden.
Although roses have been selected and grown in China for over 1,000 years, the forerunner of the rose garden as we know it today was planted by empress Joséphine de Beauharnais at Malmaison, France in the years between 1799-1814. Joséphine imported both leading gardening talent and scores of roses, financing many plant collecting trips. At her death in 1814, the garden included more than 250 varieties of rose. It is said that her plant hunters also introduced some 200 other plants to France, among them the dahlia.
Public rose gardens.
Public rose gardens are a feature of many towns and cities. Notable gardens include:
India.
There are various rose gardens in India. These gardens have thousands of varieties & sub-varieties of roses and are open to the public.
Further reading.
The World Federation of Rose Societies produces an annual directory drawn up by national rose societies in each of its 39 member countries. This includes a catalogue of rose gardens considered nationally significant.
See also.
Garden Roses

</doc>
<doc id="19738049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738049" title="Changjiang Li Autonomous County">
Changjiang Li Autonomous County

Chāngjiāng Li Autonomous County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Cheongkong) is an autonomous county in Hainan, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 6 counties of Hainan. Its postal code is 572700, and in 1999 its population was 225,131 people, largely made up of the Li people.
The county seat is in Shilu, Hainan Shilu Town. Shilu is known for a major iron ore deposit (the Shilu Iron Ore Mine, 石碌铁矿), which has been worked since the Japanese occupation of the island in the early 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="19738056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738056" title="Jo Lemaire">
Jo Lemaire

Jo Lemaire (born 5 January 1956) is a Belgian singer born in Gembloux, Namur. Beyond her native country, she is also popular in France, Switzerland, Canada, and the Netherlands.
Career.
Jo Lemaire debuted musically in the late 1970s with her musical group, "Jo Lemaire + Flouze". The group saw true success with the release of their album "Pigmy World" in 1981. That album, containing a moody synthpop adaptation of Serge Gainsbourg's "Je suis venue te dire que je m'en vais", propelled the singer into stardom all over Europe and Canada. In 1982, the group separated, and Lemaire continued her career as a solo artist. She divorced Philippe Depireux, a fellow former bandmember, and moved to Bilzen with her new partner, Fa Vanham.
Her first solo album, "Concorde", was released to great success in 1983. The vinyl was uniquely bilingual, in having one side in English and the other in French. A year later, a self-titled album was released, produced by Jean-Marie Aerts. It also enjoyed success. Her third solo album, "Stand Up", was produced by PolyGram International rather than Phonogram Belgium. It was not a hit; her long career has experienced highs and lows.
Through her concerts abroad, as well as through her multilingualism and covers of hits by foreign artists, Lemaire has many fans outside of Belgium; in Germany, the Netherlands, and in French-speaking countries like Canada, France, and Switzerland. She has participated in the Transmusicales in Rennes, the Printemps de Bourges, the Rock en France, and many other tours and music festivals.
In 1990, she released "Duelle", a collection of French songs. It reached Gold disc status in France. Later that year, a Dutch language album was also released, a tribute to fellow Belgian musician Will Tura. In 1994, she collaborated with British singer Carmel in Liverpool to produce an album of the same name.
In 2000, she began touring Flemish schools in an effort to interest youth in the French language education, through the fun of music. Two CDs based on the "Bob & Bobette" comic characters from this campaign were released, titled "Eventail Junior". In 2001, she partnered with former Hooverphonic bandmember Frank Duchêne and lyricists Michael Bisceglia and Ronny Mosuse in the album "Flagrants Délices", the harbinger of which was the single "La saison des amours". In 2007 she recorded a song with Rocco Granata on the album " La Vie à Deux".

</doc>
<doc id="19738061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738061" title="La Place (band)">
La Place (band)

La Place was a Rock band based in Paris, France (1989–1997). At 16, Julien Civange and school friend Louis Haeri created the band. In its very first version the band sounds like a mix of punk energy and funk music.
David Bowie who wanted the "best beginners band of the moment" invited La Place as an opening band for his concert with Tin Machine at La Cigale (1989).
Following a "Tour Sauvage" and hundreds of live shows before various change of line-up the band spent four years working in a basement, from which they emerged to make seven concerts with the Simple Minds (April–May 1995). Two months after, they were invited by the Rolling Stones at the Paris Olympia (July 1995).
After this concerts, the band who had never had a label until then signed with an indie one (La Bande Son Canal +) and recorded their first and last album.

</doc>
<doc id="19738070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738070" title="Yehude Simon">
Yehude Simon

Yehude Simon Munaro (born 18 July 1947) is a Peruvian politician (PHP) and former Prime Minister of Peru.
Early life and family.
Born in Lima to a family of Jewish and Italian descent, Simon's family moved to the city of Chiclayo to establish a shoe retail business. After completing his early education at the Colegio Manuel Pardo, he joined the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine at the Universidad Nacional Pedro Ruiz Gallo, in the city of Lambayeque, where he later was a lecturer. He married Nancy Valcárcel, a Chiclayo painter with whom he had four children: Jessica, Yehuda, and Yusef Yail and four grandchildren: David, Micaela, Joaquín and Isabella.
Beginning in politics: 1980s.
Yehuda Simon began his political activity in 1983, when he applied for the post of Mayor of prosperous Chiclayo by the party United Left, and was placed second. In 1985 he applied to the Chamber of Deputies by United Left, was elected MP for Lambayeque (1985-1990), integrating the Committees on Justice and Human Rights Congress.
In 1991, he founded the Free Patriotic Movement, who was accused of being the legal wing of the MRTA (Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement) rebel movement, famous for the 1996 Japanese embassy hostage crisis in Lima. On April 5, 1992, Simon was in Europe, participating in conferences. Upon learning of the breakdown of the constitutional President Alberto Fujimori he returned to Peru and decided to participate in the protest against the closure of the Congress of Peru.
Imprisonment.
On June 11, 1992 he was arrested along with other leaders of Patria Libre, and accused of being a subversive. Later that year he was sentenced by the judiciary to 20 years of imprisonment for the crime of "glorification of terrorism." During his 8 and a half years in prison, human rights organizations, Amnesty International, some media and some opposition Peruvian politicians demanded that the Fujimori regime pardon him.
Post-imprisonment: governor and Prime Minister.
After being cleared of all charges, Simon served as governor of the prosperous Lambayeque Region.
Since July 2008 he has been the president of the moderate center-left Peruvian Humanist Party.
On 14 October 2008, Simon was sworn in as President of the Peruvian Minister Cabinet, a position akin to that of a Prime Minister. President Alan García had appointed Simon, who is politically to the left of García, in an effort to mollify the country's poor and nationalists who are considered "hard-line leftists" by the right-wing Peruvian parties.
Resignation.
In June 2009, Simon announced that he would resign as prime minister "in the coming weeks", following violence over the land rights of Amazon Indians. He resigned on 10 July 2009 and was replaced on 12 July 2009 by Ángel Javier Velásquez Quesquén.
Simon went on to apologize to the indigenous people, acknowledging the government had not properly consulted with the Amazon Indians prior to passing ten controversial laws, designed to ease foreign companies in the exploration of the Amazon for oil, gas and lumber. Simon pledged to work to persuade the Peruvian congress to repeal these controversial laws. Peru's indigenous leaders had launched protest strikes and blockades in April 2009; resulting in 34 persons killed, including 23 policemen; in bloody clashes between the Amazon Indians and the Peruvian police.
Congressman.
In the general election, 2011 Simon was elected Congressman for Lambayeque on the list of the Alliance for the Great Change to which Simon's Humanist Party has integrated.
References.
Article drawn primarily from Spanish-language Wikipedia entry of same name 

</doc>
<doc id="19738073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738073" title="Baisha Li Autonomous County">
Baisha Li Autonomous County

Báishā County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Paksha) is an autonomous county in Hainan, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 6 counties of Hainan. Its postal code is 572800, and in 1999 its population was 176,377 people, largely made up of the Li people.

</doc>
<doc id="19738101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738101" title="Qiongzhong Li and Miao Autonomous County">
Qiongzhong Li and Miao Autonomous County

Qióngzhōng Li and Miao Autonomous County is an autonomous county in Hainan, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 6 counties of Hainan. Its postal code is 572900, and in 1999 its population was 196,581 people, largely made up of the Li people and the Miao people.

</doc>
<doc id="19738112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738112" title="Waking Madison">
Waking Madison

Waking Madison, (originally titled Mad World), is an independent drama/thriller film written and directed by Katherine Brooks and starring Sarah Roemer and Elisabeth Shue.
The film was screened for the first time at the Newport Beach Film Festival, in Costa Mesa, California, on May 2, 2011. The film was released straight-to-DVD on July 12, 2011.
Plot.
There are a lot of time changes.
Madison (Sarah Roemer) lives in New Orleans. Suicidal and desperate, she meets with Dr. Elizabeth Barnes who videotapes each patient’s interviews.
Dr. Barnes interviews Madison who confides that there’s a little girl who she isn’t allowed to talk about, that someone will get mad and try to hurt her if she does. Dr. Barnes isn’t sure whom she’s referring to.
Dr. Barnes interviews Alexis who says that her priest touched her, but her mother didn’t believe her. She wore a thorny crown on her head, slit her wrists and feet and said she tried to look like Jesus.
Dr. Barnes interviews Grace who claims she was raped when she was 13 and the man killed himself. She tried to have an abortion when she was pregnant at 16, but had no money, the guy she got to do it messed up and now she is unable to have kids.
Dr. Barnes tries to interview aggressive Margaret who doesn't want to do the interview.
While strapped to the floor of a padded room, Margaret says that her mom forced her to read the bible in the closet.
Madison did things she never would’ve done; had sex with strange men, smoked, taking what looked like ecstasy and fools around with women. When her landlord says Madison could pay the rent with sexual favors like before, Madison said she had no idea what he was talking about, so he got angry and ordered her to pay him with cash. She even did drugs by sticking a needle in her arm with the help of Grace.
Each patient—aside from Madison who wasn’t there—was assigned to film herself with a video camera, talking about anything, like a visual diary, Margaret refused. Madison however, locks herself in her apartment, using a video camera to document herself, similar to the girls in the mental hospital. Madison vows that if she does not have the answer to her questions and feel more at peace with her life, she will kill herself on the 30th day.
Oftentimes, Madison has various, frequent dreams; everything being upside down, a girl whose mouth is taped and one hand reaches for her, walks through the hall with dripping water and weird light bulbs. She sees a reflection of herself in the mirror and imagines herself putting her head through it, yet a second later, the glass is in tact. There was also a little blonde girl.
She also has what seems to be a flashback/memory of her mom abusing her; dunking her head over and over in the tub.
One minute, Madison gets mad whenever Dr. Barnes calls her by her name, saying that her name isn’t Madison. The next minute, Madison says that she doesn’t remember what had happened just then. Madison or whomever said, “She called you. She’s going to die. She’s not real. I’m real,” and Madison went back to her old self.
Madison realizes that each girl that Dr. Barnes interviewed; Grace, Margaret and Alexis, happened to be her. She realized that she has dissociated personalities. Dr. Barnes gets a call from one of Madison’s personalities who said, “Madison will die.” This worries Dr. Barnes who goes to Madison’s house and then goes into her room, seeing the notebook that Madison mentioned that she hid under her mattress. It’s titled, “The Helper”. She flipped through it and it has drawings of each girl, their names labeled underneath; Margaret, Alexis and Grace, and even the little blonde girl she calls “The helper”.
Madison later realizes that Dr. Barnes didn’t exist either. That Dr. Barnes is a part of her like the others. Now that she realizes that, she can move on with her life and not think about killing herself like she thought of doing on the 30th day.
It isn’t often shown, but 3:15 appears on the clock, which might be when the transformations begin.
Production.
Filming took place in New Orleans starting on November 5, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19738146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738146" title="Kodaikanal Lake">
Kodaikanal Lake

Kodaikanal Lake, also known as Kodai Lake is a manmade lake located in the Kodaikanal city in Dindigul district in Tamil Nadu, India. Sir Vere Henry Levinge, the then Collector of Madurai, was instrumental in creating the lake in 1863, amidst the Kodaikanal town which was developed by the British and early missionaries from USA. The lake is said to be Kodaikanal's most popular geographic landmark and tourist attraction.
Over the years a boat club, boathouse and boat service (with rowing boats and pedalling boats and a public ferry) for the public and tourists has become fully functional and is of aesthetic significance for tourism. Boat Pageant and Flower Shows are a regular feature in the summer season which attracts tourists.
Access.
A railway line extended from Chennai to Tirunelveli with an intermediate station at Ammaianayakkanur (later renamed Kodai Road) was built in 1875, to provide a gateway to Kodaikanal town and there on to the lake through a foot trek of 18 km from the railhead. The nearest railheads to the lake presently are the Kodai Road railway Station at 80 km and the Palani Railway station at 64 km distance, from the town. Madurai (at 121 km) and Coimbatore (at 135 km) airports are the closest to the Lake. Kodai Lake is well connected by road with regular bus services operating to Madurai, Palani, Kodaikanal Road, Theni, Dindigul, Thiruchirapalli, Kumili, Erode, Bangalore and Coimbatore.
Topography.
The lake is star-shaped, centrally located in the town of Kodaikanal and is surrounded by lush green hills of the northwestern Palani Hills range, which is the main watershed for the lake.
Hydrology.
An earthen dam was constructed to create the lake in a marshy where three streams flowed. The lake catchment experiences an average annual rainfall of 1650 mm. The climate is salubrious with summer temperatures of 19.8 °C (max) and 11.3 °C (min) and winter temperatures of 17.3 °C (max) and 8.3 °C (min). The out flow from the Lake forms the waterfall of 180 foot, called the Silver Cascade, 8 km downstream of the lake outlet.
Flora.
Kurinji (Strobilanthes kunthiana), a unique flowering plant is reported from the catchment area of the Lake. It is reported that this flower last bloomed in 2004 and that it blooms once in 12 years. Hill-plantain fruits and plums are popular in the area.
Aqua fauna.
The Lake has moderate to dense growth of macrophytes of all types. The littoral zone of the lake is reported to be rich in periphytic biota associated with macrophytes. Diatoms, protozoans and rotifers which are also associated with macrophytes are found in the lake. Many aquatic insect larvae and adults, molluscs, cladocerans and the fish Danio aequipinnatus, Rasbora daniconius and Gambusia affinis are reported. Rainbow trout and common carp are the main fish found in the lake. The fish yield as per past records was 5.3 kg/ha/year. Recently two new species of diatom was found in this lake.
Condition of the lake.
Human health risk assessment of the physico-chemical parameters of the lake water reveals that:
Lake conservation plan.
The Ministry of Environment & Forests, Government of India has initiated a Centrally Sponsored Scheme called the National Lake Conservation Plan (NLCP), since June, 2001, on 70:30 cost sharing basis between the Central Government and the respective State Government, with the objective of restoring and conserving the polluted and degraded lakes in urban and semi urban areas in the country. On the basis of studies carried out, 62 lakes including the Kodaikanal Lake in Tamil Nadu have been identified as polluted and degraded requiring conservation.
Treatment and eco-restoration works for the Kodaikanal Lake were undertaken by the Government of Tamil Nadu with funds provided by the Govt. of India, under the above stated cost sharing formula, by the National Lake Conservation Plan (NLCP) of the Ministry of Environment and Forests, to abate pollution and, thereby benefit the local and floating population. The project envisaged Bio remediation, Sewage Treatment, Low cost sanitation Facilities, awareness, de- Weeding, Interception and Diversion Works, Fencing, Horse sheds, Data Collection and Dredging, at a total cost of about Rs 10.33 crores (US $ 2.6 million).

</doc>
<doc id="19738152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738152" title="Lingshui Li Autonomous County">
Lingshui Li Autonomous County

Língshuǐ Li Autonomous County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Lingshui) is an autonomous county in Hainan, People's Republic of China. It is one of the six autonomous counties of Hainan with a postal code of 572400, and in 1999 a population of 318,691, largely made up of the Li people. Notably the beautiful Nuiling (牛岭) mountain delimits the tropical area of the county. A well-known natural sight, part of the Chinese Riviera is "Xiangshuiwan" or Perfume bay (香水湾). Monkey Island, a popular tourist destination located in Lingshui County, is a state-protected nature reserve for macaques. Lingshui is also home to the military base where a U.S airplane crew were held during the Hainan Island incident in 2001. In September 2010, officials signed and scheduled the construction of the largest sea world theme park in Asia. The Lingshui Li'an Harbor Ocean Theme Park signing ceremony took place at the Narada Resort in Perfume Bay and the opening is planned for 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19738158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738158" title="The Quest (TV series)">
The Quest (TV series)

The Quest is an American Western series which aired on NBC from September to December 1976. The series stars Kurt Russell and Tim Matheson.
"The Quest"'s pilot episode aired as a television film on May 13, 1976.
Overview.
Two brothers Morgan (Kurt Russell) and Quentin Bodine (Matheson) are seeking the whereabouts of their long-lost sister, Patricia, being held by the Cheyenne. Morgan, known as "Two Persons", was a captive of the Cheyenne for eight years until he was freed by the United States Army. 
In the story, Quentin is a young physician from San Francisco. The pair crosses thousands of miles across the Great Plains and the Rocky Mountains in search of Patricia; hence, the title "The Quest".
Production.
The series was created by Tracy Keenan Wynn, son of Keenan Wynn, who also made two appearances on the series. David Gerber served as the executive producer. Much of the filming was in Arizona.
Reception and cancellation.
"The Quest" aired at the 10 p.m. Eastern Wednesday slot opposite ABC's popular "Charlie's Angels". Low ratings, coupled with the fact that Westerns had fallen out of favor with networks and audiences, contributed to the demise of the series. "The Quest" was canceled during its first season. The final episode aired on December 29, 1976. Four of the fifteen episodes produced never aired. 
Awards and nominations.
"The Quest" was nominated for a prime time Emmy Award for costume design. One episode, "Hatcher's Drive" won a Spur Award from the Western Writers of America for script writers Katharyn Powers and Michael Michaelian. The writers tied with Jim Byrnes of ABC's "How the West Was Won".
DVD release.
While the entire series has not been released on DVD, a two-part episode, "The Longest Drive", was released on Region 1 DVD by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment in 2005. The television film which served as the series' pilot episode was also released on DVD by Sony in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19738159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738159" title="Football Mogul">
Football Mogul

Football Mogul is a sports-simulation game that allows a player to play the owner, head coach or general manager of a National Football League (pro American football) franchise. 
The most recent version is "Football Mogul" 2014.
"Football Mogul 2012" is available for free.
The original "Football Mogul" was released on March 30, 1999, a year after the first "Baseball Mogul" came out.

</doc>
<doc id="19738160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738160" title="Yếm">
Yếm

Vietnamese Yếm refers to an ancient Vietnamese bodice used primarily as an undergarment that was once worn by Vietnamese women across all classes. There exists a modern variant called "áo yếm", but the historical garment was simply called "yếm". It was most usually worn underneath a blouse or overcoat, for modesty's sake. 
It is a simple garment with many variations from its basic form, which is a simple, usually diamond or square-cut piece of cloth draped over a woman's chest with strings to tie at the neck and back.
History.
Yếm is similar to a garment called dù dōu (Chinese: 肚兜) that existed in ancient China. The origin of the yếm is still unknown to many historians and scholars. The "yếm" has been worn by northern Vietnamese women traditionally. Unlike other Vietnamese clothing that helped to segregate the classes, "yếm" were worn as an undergarment by Vietnamese women of all walks of life, from peasant women toiling in the fields to imperial consorts.
It is an integral part of the Áo tứ thân costume, which it is often worn underneath.
Different types.
While it was worn across classes, the material and colors used to make yếm varied widely based upon the person's rank and the occasion. Commoner women usually wore yếm in simple blacks and whites for day to day use, whereas during special occasions they could opt for more festive, brighter colors such as red and pink. Indeed, much of Vietnamese poetry has been dedicated to the beauty of women in their "yếm đào", or vermilion bodices. 
While the bottom of the yếm are v-shaped, there were different styles for the top of the garment which covered the neck, the most common two variations being the rounded neck or the v-shaped neck style. 
Some types of yếm have a little pocket within, where women often used to store a little musk or perfume.
In modern Vietnam.
As Westernization reached Vietnam, by the 20th century women increasingly abandoned the yếm for the Western bra. 
Fashion designers, in their constant quest to revitalize interest in traditional costumes as well as reinvent the latter have created many new collections of yếm. The modernized form of the garment is slightly different and is called "áo yếm" rather than simply "yếm", the latter referring to the historical garment. Áo yếm has proven to be quite popular with young women, perhaps due to its similarity to the Western halter top.

</doc>
<doc id="19738185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738185" title="Baoting Li and Miao Autonomous County">
Baoting Li and Miao Autonomous County

Bǎotíng Li and Miao Autonomous County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Paoting) is an autonomous county in Hainan, People's Republic of China. One of the six autonomous counties on the island, its postal code is 572300. In 1999 the county had a population of 155,575, largely made up of people from the Li and Miao minorities.

</doc>
<doc id="19738188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738188" title="Marie Bedford">
Marie Bedford

Marie E. Bedford (born 27 March 1907, date of death unknown) was a South African freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 she was a member of the South African relay team which won the bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay event
She also competed in the 400 metre freestyle competition, but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="19738198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738198" title="Ledong Li Autonomous County">
Ledong Li Autonomous County

Lèdōng Li Autonomous County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Loktung) is an autonomous county in Hainan, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 6 autonomous counties of Hainan. Its postal code is 572500, and in 1999 its population was 468,834 people, largely made up of the Li people.

</doc>
<doc id="19738200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738200" title="Volleyball at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Volleyball at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Volleyball at the 1984 Summer Paralympics consisted of two events, men's sitting and men's standing.

</doc>
<doc id="19738209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738209" title="Top Gear (series 12)">
Top Gear (series 12)

The 12th series of "Top Gear" contained eight episodes, and premiered on 2 November 2008, with the usual presenting team of Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, James May and The Stig. Clarkson was injured while filming the series, after crashing a lorry through a brick wall at 56 mph in the first episode's HGV challenge. The running joke regarding the Dacia Sandero continues from series 11, with the alteration that Clarkson is now the one making the announcement with feigned enthusiasm, to utter indifference from May (instead of vice versa). Each news segment also features one of the hosts wearing something unusual, like slippers or a garishly patterned shirt. The only reference to this is that one of the other hosts will, at some point in the segment, ask if they're wearing it for a bet. The Stig, instead of listening to music during power laps, now listens to morse code. The final episode, the "", aired two weeks after the rest of the series as part of the BBC's Christmas line-up. The series was followed by four "Best Of Top Gear" specials, charting the best moments from Series 11 and 12.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude> 
</onlyinclude> 
Reception.
Series 12 Episode 7.
On the show, Jeremy Clarkson is seen testing the battery powered Tesla Roadster. In the segment, it is shown that upon rigorous testing, that the batteries on the Roadster drained quickly and suffered mechanical problems. Tesla contested this and provided data logs of the cars' performances during the show to Top Gear and the BBC, which acknowledged in statements to the media that the cars did not in fact break down and never went below 20 percent state of charge.

</doc>
<doc id="19738216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738216" title="Kathleen Russell">
Kathleen Russell

Kathleen Russell (17 November 1912 – 26 November 1992) was a South African freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 she was a member of the South African relay team which won the bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay event. She also competed in the 400 metre freestyle competition, but was eliminated in the semi-finals.
At the 1934 Empire Games she won the silver medal with the South African team in the 4×100 yards freestyle relay contest.

</doc>
<doc id="19738217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738217" title="Samuel Willoughby">
Samuel Willoughby

Samuel Willoughby (August 20, 1730 – between 1776 and 1790) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Cornwallis township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1760 to 1765 and from 1770 to 1776.
He was born in New London, Connecticut, the son of Joseph Willoughby and Thankful Bliss. He received a land grant in Cornwallis, where he is believed to have set up practice. Willoughby is thought to have been the first physician in King's County after the expulsion of the Acadians. Willoughby married Alice English in 1760. In 1768, he was named a justice of the peace for King's County. Willoughby was also a member of the first Masonic lodge in the county. In 1776, his seat in the assembly was declared vacant for non-attendance.

</doc>
<doc id="19738230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738230" title="The Beatles at Shea Stadium">
The Beatles at Shea Stadium

The Beatles at Shea Stadium is a fifty-minute-long documentary of The Beatles' August 15, 1965, concert at Shea Stadium in New York City, the highlight of the group's 1965 tour. The documentary was produced by Ed Sullivan (under his Sullivan Productions, Inc. banner), NEMS Enterprises Ltd. (which owns the 1965 copyright), and the Beatles company Subafilms Ltd. The project, placed under the direction of manager of production operations M. Clay Adams, was filmed by a large crew led by cinematographer Andrew Laszlo, used fourteen cameras to capture the euphoria and mass hysteria that was Beatlemania in America in 1965. The documentary first aired on the BBC on May 1, 1966. However other sources place first transmission on the BBC as being March 1, 1966. In West Germany, it aired on August 2, 1966. It aired in the United States on ABC on January 10, 1967.
History.
The film captures not only the concert, the attendance of which was 55,600, the largest Beatles concert up to that time, but also the events leading up to the concert, including the Beatles' helicopter ride from Manhattan to Flushing Meadows, their preparation in the dressing room (i.e., the visiting baseball team's locker) at Shea Stadium, and clips from the show's other acts, including Motown singer Brenda Holloway ("I Can't Help Myself"), King Curtis, Sounds Incorporated ("Fingertips"), and The Discothèque Dancers, managed by Jerry Weintraub. Murray the K, Mal Evans, Brian Epstein, and announcer Cousin Brucie Morrow are also featured. The concert had been presented by promoter Sid Bernstein. Television host Ed Sullivan introduced the band when they took the stage: "Now, ladies and gentlemen, honored by their country, decorated by their Queen, and loved here in America, here are The Beatles!"
The film is not a completely accurate representation of the actual concert performance. The songs "She's a Woman" and "Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby" are omitted from the film due to time and likely camera reel change issues (audio of the latter song was released on "The Beatles Anthology" Volume 2 CD). The audio for the songs that remained went through a heavy post-production process as well. Some songs were treated with overdubs, or even re-recorded entirely, by The Beatles at London's CTS Studios in January 1966, to cover audio problems throughout the concert recording. In addition, the audio for "Twist and Shout" comes from a show at the Hollywood Bowl later on the same tour, and the audio for "Act Naturally" was simply replaced by the studio version of the song (released on the "Help!" LP in Britain and on the B-side of "Yesterday" in the US), sped up slightly and poorly edited to sync up to the film.
Although the film has not been officially available on DVD or VHS (except via a 1978 release by Media Home Entertainment that was successfully sued by Northern Music), it has been widely available on the bootleg circuit for decades, including in a "raw audio" form that restores the original Shea Stadium audio track.
Set list.
All songs written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, except where noted.
Legacy.
The concert itself was a milestone in popular musical history as the first major stadium concert. The documentary was a highlight of the 1995 "Beatles Anthology" series, which featured extensive clips from the film.
Ringo Starr described the concert in "The Beatles Anthology": "What I remember most about the concert was that we were so far away from the audience. ... And screaming had become the thing to do. ... Everybody screamed. If you look at the footage, you can see how we reacted to the place. It was very big and very strange."
John Lennon recalled the show in 1970 as a career highlight: "At Shea Stadium, I saw the top of the mountain."
In 2008, Paul McCartney played the last concert at Shea Stadium with Billy Joel before the stadium was closed. The concert was documented in the film "Last Play at Shea".

</doc>
<doc id="19738238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738238" title="Weightlifting at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Weightlifting at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Weightlifting at the 1984 Summer Paralympics consisted of fourteen events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19738241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738241" title="Rhoda Rennie">
Rhoda Rennie

Rhoda Lillian Rennie (1909 – 11 March 1963) was a South African freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 she was a member of the South African relay team which won the bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay event
She also competed in the 100 metre freestyle competition and in the 400 metre freestyle event, but was in both eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="19738253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738253" title="Tradigital art">
Tradigital art

Tradigital art is art (including animation) that combines both traditional and computer-based techniques to create an image.
Background.
Artist and teacher Judith Moncrieff first coined the term. In the early 1990s, while an instructor at the Pacific Northwest College of Art, Moncrieff invented and taught a new digital medium called "Tradigital". The school held a competition between Moncrieff's students, who used the medium to electronically combine everything from photographs of costumes to stills from videotapes of performing dancers. Moncrieff also referred to her business entity (formerly "Moncrieff Studios") as "Tradigital Imaging" around the same period.
Moncrieff was one of five founding members of the digital art collective called "Unique Editions". These five artists—Helen Golden, Bonny Lhotka, Dorothy Krause, Judith Moncrieff, and Karin Schminke—combined their expertise in traditional studio media and techniques with digital imaging to produce original fine art and editions. The artists met in June, 1994, at "Beyond the Digital Print", a workshop organized by Krause at Massachusetts College of Art and Design in Boston. The artists' varied backgrounds are evident in their mixed media approach to using the computer as an art-making tool. Although every image is conceived and executed at least in part on the computer, the range of work includes one of a kind paintings, collages, Polaroid and image transfers, monotypes and prints on such varied substrates as canvas, handmade paper, and embossed metal. Moncrieff used the term "Tradigital media" to describe this merging of traditional and digital tools and "tradigitalism" as a name for this emerging movement. Unique Editions also served as a research and public relations entity for exploring technologies and promoting digital art. The group forged links with hardware and software developers in an effort to provide feedback on their products from the artist's perspective. It served as a demonstration to the rest of the art world of the role of digital technologies in the artist's studio. Unique Editions became inactive in 1997; however, Golden and Moncrieff continued to work together under the name, "Tradigital Fine Art".
Independently in the early 1990s, artist Lisa Wray was developing the fine art style she calls "Renaissance of Metaphysical Imagery". Prototypes were made for each work from color copies, color photos or film negatives made in her graphic arts darkroom. In 1990, she visited the only two places in the country with proprietary computer systems capable of assembling her prototypes: Raphael Digital Transparencies in Houston Texas, and Dodge Color Laboratories in Washington D.C. The first two prototypes, Brew of Life and Fantasy, were assembled by Dodge Color Laboratories on a Superset machine that was first developed by the Department of Defense. The final art was archived on 1" magnetic tape, and then output as an 11x14” color film transparency. Lisa discovered Judith Montcrieff and her pioneering efforts with Unique Editions and Tradigital Fine Art, in the early 1990s, found the term, "Tradigital", and also used the term to describe her own work.
Other uses of the term.
Since then, use of the term has greatly expanded to include other art forms.
In 2002, "tradigital" went mainstream when Jeffrey Katzenberg used the term tradigital animation to refer to the blending of computer animation with classical cell animation techniques, "a seamless blend of two-dimensional and three-dimensional animation techniques". He mentioned as examples such animation films as Toy Story, Antz, Shrek, Ice Age (2002 film), and . He believed that Walt Disney (a traditional art animator) would approve of the changes in the way cartoons are made today. Animation World Magazine describes tradigital television, and the impact of tradigital animation on pre- and post-production processes for television shows.
Tradigital printing is an experimental approach to printmaking with contemporary technology. In one form of tradigital printing, printmakers use computers to generate positives for UV photo transfer to plates and screens. In another form, digital print output incorporating silkscreen, relief or intaglio techniques is the focus. For example, the Josephine Press uses a process that combines the use of archival digital prints with traditional techniques such as intaglio, woodcuts, lithographs, and all of the other traditional printmaking methods. The process allows the artist to create a multi-color image without using a four-plate process. In addition to more efficient registration, the artist can work with collage and other mixed media works that can be scanned and reproduced in an archival manner. Tradigital printing greatly expands the possibilities of image-making while still producing an original hand pulled, limited edition, fine art print.
A recent Wall Street Journal article hailed tradigital creatives as the "voice of tomorrow", contrasting them with both "traditionalists" and "digitalists", and identifying several distinguishing characteristics of the new art/marketing medium: voices not eyeballs; experience not messages; community not communication; utility and solutions not cleverness; collaborative not silo thinkers.

</doc>
<doc id="19738263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738263" title="List of World Trade Centers">
List of World Trade Centers

A World Trade Center (also World Trade Centre or WTC) is a building or complex of buildings established and effectively operated by the World Trade Centers Association (WTCA) as an instrument for trade expansion. The WTCA represents 317 members in 91 countries. Founded in 1970, it is an unofficial umbrella trade association that unites corporations and government agencies in international trade. A World Trade Center puts all the services associated with global commerce under one roof to foster networking processes among corporations and governments. WTCA President Guy F. Tozzoli describes a World Trade Center as "a business shopping center, complementing and supporting the existing services of private and government agencies."

</doc>
<doc id="19738268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738268" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1958">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1958

The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1958 were held in Bad Gastein, Austria, between February 2–9, 1958.
Men's competitions.
Downhill.
"Sunday, February 9"
Giant Slalom.
"Wednesday, February 5"
Slalom.
"Sunday, February 2"
Women's competitions.
Downhill.
"Thursday, February 6"
Giant Slalom.
"Saturday, February 8"
Source: 
Slalom.
"Monday, February 3"

</doc>
<doc id="19738285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738285" title="Berthoald, Duke of Saxony">
Berthoald, Duke of Saxony

Berthoald (died 622) was the Duke of the Saxons during the reign of the Frankish kings Chlothar II and his son Dagobert I, the last ruling Merovingians. He despised Frankish suzerainty and rebelled, but was defeated. His story is told in the "Liber Historiae Francorum" (727) and the "Gesta Dagoberti" (830s), both sources partial to the Merovingian kings.
In 622, shortly after Chlothar had appointed Dagobert to rule Austrasia, the Frankish kingdom that bordered the Saxons, Berthoald rose in revolt and began marching against him. Dagobert crossed the Rhine and invaded Saxon territory to meet him. In the subsequent battle the Franks were defeated and Dagobert received a strong blow to his helmet, by which a portion of his characteristically long Merovingian hair was lost. He retrieved it and sent it with his armiger to his father, to request his assistance. Chlothar, who was in the Ardennes at the time, gathered an army on hearing the news and left that same night. The Franks under Dagobert then encamped on the river Weser across from Berthoald's army. When Chlothar arrived, Dagobert's Franks applauded so loudly that the Saxons could hear on the other side of the river. Berthoald, however, refused to believe reports that Chlothar had arrived and accused his men of cowardice. Chlothar waded his horse into the river, where the Saxon leader met him. After the king removed his helmet to reveal his long grey hair, Berthoald taunted the Frank: "Retire, for if you defeat me, people will only say you have beaten your slave Berthoald, while if I win the victory, they will say everywhere that the mighty king of the Franks has been killed by his slave." The king, in full armour, then charged him and killed him in single combat, even cutting of his head with his axe. The Saxons were routed in the battle that followed. Their land was plundered and their adult males executed in great number.
The Saxon episode is described briefly in the tenth-century chronicle of Regino of Prüm, who characteristically gets the date wrong (572):
In 869, Hildegar, Bishop of Meaux, composed a "Vita Faronis episcopi Meldensis" in which he claims that a "carmen publicum iuxta rusticitatem" (a popular song) celebrating the Frankish victory over Berthoald was still being sung. He quotes the first and last lines only:

</doc>
<doc id="19738288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738288" title="Freddie van der Goes">
Freddie van der Goes

Frederika "Freddie" Jacoba van der Goes (26 November 1908 – 24 October 1976) was a South African freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
She was born and died in Pretoria.
In 1928 she was a member of the South African relay team which won the bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay event
She also competed in the 400 metre freestyle competition and finished fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="19738361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738361" title="Malcolm Sircom">
Malcolm Sircom

Malcolm A. Sircom (1934 – 11 June 2008) was an English writer, musician, musical director and composer.
Biography.
Born in 1934, he grew up next to Highbury, the old home of Arsenal Football Club, of which he was an eager supporter. He was also a keen cricket player.
He attended Cambridge University. After graduation, he began working in theatre and particularly old time music hall where he met his first wife, actress Patsy Rowlands. They were divorced in 1967. In 1973, he married his second wife, actress Judith Boyd.
He began writing school musicals in the 1990s and it is for this that he is perhaps best known.
Death.
Sircom died in 2008 in Derby, following a long illness. He was survived by his second wife, Judith, and his children Alan (from his first marriage) and Jamie and Kate (from his second marriage).

</doc>
<doc id="19738362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738362" title="Jean-François Leuba">
Jean-François Leuba

Jean-François Leuba (July 16, 1934 – October 22, 2004) was a Swiss lawyer and jurist. He belonged to the Liberal Party of Switzerland and served as President of the National Council of Switzerland in 1995/1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19738378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738378" title="AndreaMosaic">
AndreaMosaic

AndreaMosaic is a freeware graphic art software developed and published by Andrea Denzler and that specializes in the creation of photographic mosaic images.
History.
The first public release was version 3.12 in 2003. In the following years new features where added once or twice a year. A completely new interface came out of beta testing with version 3.3 in September, 2008.
Features.
AndreaMosaic includes several features for creating mosaics. Together with the standard parameters necessary to create a mosaic the following features are available:
Versions.
The software can be installed using the standard installer or through a fully portable no-install archive. A collection of 500 sample images is freely available.
License.
The license allows free use of the software, including commercial use, but it requires that every published or printed photographic mosaic, or derivative work, includes a reference to AndreaMosaic. Also the publishing or display to a large audience of a particular mosaic should be added to the public list of artworks created with AndreaMosaic.
Artworks.
Artworks was created worldwide using AndreaMosaic including
Reception.
Although the software has proved popular and has some powerful features, it has been criticised for not being user-friendly with a confusing and dull interface featuring atrocious grammar but providing an excellent user guide and producing excellent results.

</doc>
<doc id="19738391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738391" title="Moses Ehrich">
Moses Ehrich

Moses Ehrich (fl. 1850-1875) was an American businessman and underworld figure known as Old Unger who served as a fence to burglars, thieves and shoplifters from his Eldridge Street store throughout the mid to late 19th century. He was indicted four or five times on charges of receiving stolen goods during the administration of A. Oakley Hall, but always escaped conviction. Ehrich was represented by Hall in later years.
In 1875, Ehrich was indicted for his involvement in the infamous Adams Express safe robbery and was accused of receiving stolen bonds and an uncut diamond valued at $800. Released on a $5,000 bond, Ehrich disappeared from the city shortly after the conviction of ringleader Daniel Haurey. In spite of efforts by District Attorney Horace Russell and the New York Police Department, Ehrich escaped to Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19738428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738428" title="Berthoald (disambiguation)">
Berthoald (disambiguation)

Berthoald, Bertoald, Bertald, Britwold, Bertold, Beorhtwald, Brihtwald, Beorhtweald, Berhtwald, Berthwald, or Beretuald is a Germanic masculine given name, derived from "beraht" (bright) and "wald" (woods). It could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19738430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738430" title="Danny Finn">
Danny Finn

Daniel Lawrence Finn (May 29, 1928 – February 18, 2007) was an American professional basketball player. Finn played three years for the NBA's Philadelphia Warriors. He attended St. John's University.

</doc>
<doc id="19738469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738469" title="Wang Qiang (martial artist)">
Wang Qiang (martial artist)

Wang Qiang (born January 16, 1989) is a Chinese San Shou kickboxer competing in K-1. He was the All China Sanda Championship 2006 90+KG Champion. He was a finalist in the K-1 World Grand Prix 2007 competition in Hong Kong
Biography and career.
Wang has last fought in "K-1 World Grand Prix 2007 Asia" and has fought the likes of Randy Kim, Musashi, and Yusuke Fujimoto. He made it to the finals of the tournament and lost to Fujimoto. However the way he got there was actually quite interesting. After knocking out Randy Kim 2 rounds at the tournament. 
He went on to face Japanese star and K-1 veteran Musashi in the second fight. He came out aggressive in the second round and forced Musashi to the ropes before landing an illegal blow to the groin area of Musashi. The referee stopped the fight at that point when Musashi's corner threw in the towel because they originally felt like their fighter could no longer continue. Wang walked out of the ring eventually, and went to the back after he was given the victory. However in an even more bazar turn of events, the initial throwing in of the towel was discounted and they decided that the fight between Musashi and Wan Qiang should continue. Therefore taking away the announcement that Wang was victorious. At this point Wang was already in the back and out of the ring, and when he found out about the overturned decision, decided not to come back out and fight, and so they gave Musashi the victory, which gave him the right to fight Fujimoto in the final round. As if the night could not get any more interesting, right after Musashi was given the victory he was determined to be unfit to fight (condition wise, because of the inadvertent blow) and Wang Qiang who had won, and then lost, and now seemingly won again, got the chance to fight Fujimoto in the finals. 
Wang came out again aggressive against Fujimoto, pushing him back and knocking him down early. But his aggressive nature may have been his down fall as it left him open and Fujimoto was able to catch him and finish the fight just under 3 minutes into the first round.
Titles.
All China Sanda Championship 2006 90+KG Champion

</doc>
<doc id="19738476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738476" title="Qian Gang">
Qian Gang

Qian Gang (; born 11 August 1953) is a Chinese non-fiction writer and journalists from Hangzhou in Zhejiang Province, China who over four decades has written hundreds of articles and dozens of books.
Life.
In 1969 Qian joined the People's Liberation Army and was stationed in Shanghai, where he served as an officer and a reporter for the "PLA Daily". In 1976 Qian took part in the relief effort following the 1976 Tangshan earthquake, an event that deeply affected him and the subject of many of his later works. Since 1979 he has been a member of China Association of Journalists, including serving as its director. He was also involved in the founding of the periodicals "China Disaster Report" (中国减灾报), "Life Week" (三联生活周刊), and the CCTV program "News Probe" (新闻调查). In 1984 Gang enrolled in the People's Liberation Army College of Art in Beijing and upon graduation in 1986 he became a journalist at the "PLA Daily". From 1998 to 2001 he served as deputy editor of the Guangzhou-based newspaper "Southern Weekend".
Qian is a member of the Chinese Writers Association. Currently he serves as Director of the China Media Project at The University of Hong Kong'sJournalism and Media Studies Center and is a research fellow at Shanghai University's Peace and Development Research Center.
Works.
From 1981 to 1984 Qian coauthored with Jiang Yonghong the "Blue Army Commander" (蓝军司令) and "Rushes to the Forefront" (奔涌的潮头), works that won the second and third prize for National Excellent Reporting. In 1986 he published "The Great Tangshan Earthquake" (唐山大地震), a work based on his university thesis. The book again won national accolades and was translated into English, Japanese, Korean, and French. Qian's other works include "Journal of the Qing American Education Mission" (大清留美幼童记), coauthored with Hu Supergrass; "The Qing Navy and Li Hongzhang" (大清海军与李鸿章), "Record of Twentieth Century Disasters in China" (二十世纪中国重灾百录), edited with Geng Qingguo eds), "Old News Reporter"(旧闻记者), "Chinese Media and Political Reform" (中国传媒与政治改革)， "The Media situation in China Recorded" (中国传媒风云录), coauthored with Chen Wanying.

</doc>
<doc id="19738478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738478" title="Bernie Finn (American football)">
Bernie Finn (American football)

Bernard "Bernie" Finn (June 4, 1907 – September 26, 1993) was a professional American football player who played running back for three seasons for the Newark Tornadoes, Staten Island Stapletons, and Chicago Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19738480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738480" title="Wheelchair basketball at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair basketball at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair basketball at the 1984 Summer Paralympics consisted of men's and women's team events.
Medal summary.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="19738499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738499" title="Sydney University Postgraduate Representative Association">
Sydney University Postgraduate Representative Association

The Sydney University Postgraduate Representative Association (SUPRA) is the peak body of elected representatives who campaign on behalf of the Research and Coursework Students at The University of Sydney, alongside the University of Sydney Students' Representative Council.
About the Council.
The Council is made up for 29 councillors, 23 of whom are elected by the whole populace, and 6 under equity positions - Women's, International, Indigenous, Disabilities, Rural & Regional, and Queer. 8 Councillors must identify as female, 3 must not study at main campus, and 4 must be international students. Positions on the Council consist of (with current Councillors):
SUPRA Mandate.
SUPRA exists to campaign on behalf of postgraduate students at the University of Sydney. This includes providing submissions to State and Federal Enquiries on matters for Education and Students' Rights, Queer Rights, Women's Rights, Worker's Rights, Childcare, Housing, and any other area to which students are concerned.

</doc>
<doc id="19738509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738509" title="Jack Finn">
Jack Finn

Jack Thomas Finn (August 27, 1895December 25, 1970) was a professional American football player who played running back for one season for the Frankford Yellow Jackets.

</doc>
<doc id="19738523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738523" title="Princess Cantacuzene">
Princess Cantacuzene

See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19738535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738535" title="Wheelchair fencing at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair fencing at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair fencing at the 1984 Summer Paralympics consisted of fifteen events, eleven for men and four for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19738554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738554" title="Prawn roll">
Prawn roll

A prawn roll is a take away item available in areas of Australia where prawn fishing is a major industry. Typically sold from stalls or small shops on the side of highways or in restaurants, prawn rolls are an inexpensive snack popular with travellers: They are home made or available commercially, usually deep frozen. They typically are made using a soft white roll approximately six inches (15 cm) long, stuffed with a dozen or more peeled prawns, lettuce and a thousand island or cocktail style sauce. They may be eaten cold, deep fried, or coated in tempura batter and deep fried.

</doc>
<doc id="19738570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738570" title="Tuszymka">
Tuszymka

Tuszymka is a river in south-eastern Poland, a tributary of the Wisłoka river, with a length of . The source of the river is near the village of Bukowiec. The river runs near the village of Kamionka where there is a lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19738575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738575" title="Unity High School (Tolono, Illinois)">
Unity High School (Tolono, Illinois)

Unity High School is a public high school located in the village of Tolono in Champaign County, Illinois, United States. In 2007, 467 students attended the grade 9-12 school. It is the only high school in Community Unit School District (CUSD) Seven. Unity Junior High School, Unity West Elementary, and Unity East Elementary feed into UHS. The school serves the towns and villages of Tolono, Philo, Sidney, Sadorus, and Pesotum, as well as of rural farmland. south of the Champaign-Urbana urban area, the school is over 95% Caucasian, as is typical for the rural region.
Unity is a member of the Okaw Valley Conference, an athletic conference made up of central Illinois schools with similar enrollments. Unity had been a charter member of the conference from 1958-1984, before rejoining the conference in 2006. In the interim, the athletics teams competed as independents.

</doc>
<doc id="19738578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738578" title="George E. Krug">
George E. Krug

George Edward Krug (also known as Jorge Krug) was an American architect who practiced in Greater New York City (from Orange, New Jersey), Sao Paulo, Brazil and Orlando, Florida.
George Edward Krug was born in 1869 in Brazil, the son of Jean and Ida B. Krug (d. May 4, 1904). His father Jean Krug – a commission merchant of Prussian ancestry – had been born in Brazil, in 1842; his mother Ida, in Hamburg, Germany, in 1846. As a child, Krug lived in New York City. The family was well to do, they employed a governess for George as well as having other live-in servants.
George Krug graduated from Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania, in the class of 1884. He went on to study architecture in Philadelphia, at the Fine Arts Institute of the University of Pennsylvania.
Thereafter he spent more than a decade in Sao Paulo, Brazil, starting in 1889. There, he collaborated with other architects including, Maximiliano Emilio Hehl. Painter Anita Malfatti (1889-1964) was his niece.
Upon his return to the United States, Krug maintained an architectural practice with offices on Broadway and in Orange, NJ, designing buildings in the greater New York City area. Krug was the architect of the Hyde Park Club House and many residential properties in Hyde Park, NJ. He was also one of the select group of architects who designed buildings for the planned suburban community of ‘’Livingston Manor’’ in Hyde Park, NJ. This development consisted of architect-designed homes in various styles: Queen Anne houses, Bungalows, Foursquares, and Colonial Revival houses with embellishments typical of the Craftsman era philosophy, which emphasized the value of the labor of skilled artisans who showed pride in their abilities. 
By 1919 George E. Krug relocated to Florida. He is listed as an architect in Orlando, Florida, in the report of the Florida Office of the Secretary of State of that year. Krug designed numerous grand houses and mansions in the Late-revival styles, whereby each residence conveyed academic qualities, while having unique characteristics. Fine examples of Krug's Late-revival styles like Federal, Georgian, Greek, and American Tudor are evident throughout downtown Orlando, particularly in the Lake Cherokee and Lake Copeland-designated historic districts, and the nearby city of Winter Park. Brick facades, Ionic fluted columns, Gothic Revival and Palladian style windows and doors are uniquely characterized on the homes of Krug's designs. Positioning houses on a slight angle to their site plan was also a common theme of his. As such, Krug was among less than a dozen architects in Orlando at that time. The others include: Frank L. Bodine, Fred E. Field, David Hyer, Murry S. King, Howard M. Reynolds, Frederick H. Trimble, Ryan and Roberts (Ida Annah Ryan and Isabel Roberts) and Percy P. Turner.
George E. Krug and his wife Clara L. Krug were associated with the St. John's Episcopal Church in Kissimmee, Florida, where Mrs. Krug was for some time the superintendent of the church school. George E. Krug died in Orlando, Florida in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19738603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738603" title="Masa Nakayama">
Masa Nakayama

She was born Masa Iida-Powers in Nagasaki, the daughter of Rodney H. Powers, an American businessman, and his Japanese partner, Naka Iida. Masa attended Kwassui Jogakko, a mission school run by American Methodist missionaries. She also studied at Ohio Wesleyan University in the United States, graduating in 1916 and starting a distinguished career in education prior to the outbreak of World War II.
In 1947, she was elected as a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet, representing the second district of Osaka Prefecture for the LDP as part of Hayato Ikeda's government. In 1960, she became the first woman appointed to the Cabinet of Japan when she was made Minister of Health and Welfare. She served as a minister for five months, stepping down in December 1960. Nakayama retired from the Diet in 1969, and was succeeded in her seat by her son, Masaaki.
She was married to Fukuzō Nakayama, who was also a politician and served in the lower house from 1932 to 1942, and later in the upper house. Their sons are Representative Taro Nakayama and Representative Masaaki Nakayama. Representative Yasuhide Nakayama is their grandson and Masaaki's son.
Nakayama died of throat cancer at an Osaka hospital on October 11, 1976, aged 85.

</doc>
<doc id="19738623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738623" title="Sahotra Sarkar">
Sahotra Sarkar

Sahotra Sarkar (born 1962) is a philosopher of science and conservation biologist at the University of Texas at Austin. He is one of the founders of systematic conservation planning within conservation biology, promoting the use of multi-criteria decision analysis and supervising the creation of the ConsNet decision support system. In this context he has advocated participatory environmental planning and strongly criticized the imposition of authoritarian and discriminatory environmental policies on local residents. His laboratory also works on a suite of neglected tropical diseases (or diseases of poverty) including Chagas disease, dengue, leishmaniasis, and tick-borne diseases. 
In the philosophy of biology Sarkar is known for his work on reductionism and criticism of hereditarian thinking in biology as well as the use of informational concepts in molecular biology. In the philosophy of physics Sarkar is known for controversially defending the conventionalism of simultaneity in special relativity (with John Stachel) and suggesting a stochastic modification of quantum dynamics. Earlier in his career he worked in mathematical population genetics where, in collaboration with Wing Ma and Guido Sandri, he was responsible for the standard recursion relation to compute the Luria-Delbruck distribution in bacterial genetics. 
Sarkar is also a noted critic of creationism and intelligent design and played an important role in combating attempts to introduce creationism into high school curricula in Texas. 
Sarkar is originally from India where he lived in Darjeeling until 1975. He earned a BA from Columbia University, and a MA and PhD from the University of Chicago. He was a Fellow of the Wissenschaftskolleg zu Berlin (1996 -1997), the Dibner Institute for the History of Science (1993 -1994), and the Edelstein Centre for the Philosophy of Science (1992). He was a Visiting Scholar at the Max Planck Institute for the History of Science in Berlin (1997 -1998, 2002 -2003) and taught at McGill University before moving to Texas. His doctoral students include Michael Ciarleglio, David Frank, Trevon Fuller, Justin Garson, Susan Mooney, and Samraat Pawar.

</doc>
<doc id="19738661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738661" title="Vanikoro White-eye">
Vanikoro White-eye

The Vanikoro White-eye ("Zosterops gibbsi") is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. It is endemic to Vanikoro in the Santa Cruz Islands of Temotu Province in the south-east of the Solomon Islands chain. The species is named for David Gibbs who discovered it.
Description.
The Vanikoro White-eye differs from its geographically closest congener, the Santa Cruz White-eye ("Zosterops sanctaecrucis"), by several features including a much longer bill and different eye-ring and leg colouring.
Habitat.
The Santa Cruz Islands lie in the Vanuatu rain forests ecoregion. Within its range the Vanikoro White-eye is common in upland forests although it also occurs in degraded lowland forests.
Behaviour.
Observations of the nest of the Vanikoro White-eye suggest that it is a cooperative breeder, with additional helpers aiding the breeding pair, an unusual trait in "Zosterops" white-eyes. The nest of this species is a deep bowl of woven grass stems. The species forages in trees and frequently feeds on the trunks of trees and on the underside of branches.
Status.
This species has been assessed by BirdLife International in 2009. The upland forests that comprise its main habitat are not thought to be threatened by deforestation and the island is seldom visited, reducing opportunities for the accidental introduction of dangerous invasive species, so the species is probably not threatened at the moment.

</doc>
<doc id="19738666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738666" title="Senad Bašić">
Senad Bašić

Senad Bašić (born 26 August 1962, Trebinje) is a Bosnian actor.
Biography.
Senad Bašić graduated at the Academy of Performing Arts in Sarajevo in 1987. He works as a professor at the Academy, specializing in acting. He currently lives and works in Sarajevo with his wife Jasna and their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19738686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738686" title="Archery at the 1980 Summer Paralympics">
Archery at the 1980 Summer Paralympics

Archery at the 1980 Summer Paralympics consisted of fifteen events, ten for men and five for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19738693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738693" title="Emmaus Mouvement">
Emmaus Mouvement

Emmaüs Mouvement: 1949–1999 Emmaüs a 50 ans is a compilation album for the 50th year anniversary of the Emmaüs Mouvement, founded by Abbé Pierre in 1949.
Background and recording.
After many encounters with Abbé Pierre, musician and producer Julien Civange proposed to add his contribution to the 50th year anniversary of the Emmaüs Mouvement by gathering together on one album a number of different musicians who supported the idea behind the Emmaüs Mouvement — that is to say, the fight against all forms of exclusion. However, there was one condition — that every musician had to create a specific piece of music for the occasion or offer an as yet unpublished/unrecorded work.
Jean-Louis Aubert composed a very beautiful song "Veille sur moi", Stephan Eicher recorded a duet with the group Bratsch, Joe Strummer improvised a folk cover version of "Junco Partner", Linton Kwesi Johnson did a duet with Shurik'n and Imothep of the group IAM, Marianne Faithfull recorded the poems of Shakespeare, the group Les Rita Mitsouko recorded "Le Juste Prix", and Rachid Taha offered "54". Manu Chao, the groups "Air", Cassius, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, and FFF, and Howie B also participated in the album.
The album was released on November 1999 through Virgin Records France.
Reception.
To celebrate the event, all the French media got involved in the promotion of the album, through speaking about it and offering space and airtime. Also with the participation of FNAC, a launching concert was organised in FNAC Champs-Élysées, collecting together Jean-Louis Aubert, Stephane Eicher, and Linton Kwesi Johnson, who all performed in front of a packed-out audience whilst under the watchful eye of Abbé Pierre.
Raymond Depardon made the promotional film for the album. Thanks to a competition by Steven Rubin, Fuji Laboratories, and the film director David Fincher ("Seven", "The Game") 450 reels of film were released throughout France and shown just before the movie "Fight Club".
The album was well received by both the public and the press, and therefore achieved its goal: for Emmaüs Mouvement to touch a wide public particularly young people whilst celebrating its 50th anniversary through music.

</doc>
<doc id="19738703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738703" title="Mount Nimmel">
Mount Nimmel

Mount Nimmel is a small mountain located in Austinville, Queensland in Australia. Nimmel is an Australian indigenous word meaning 'Conspicuous Mountain', which is ironic, considering it is very small when compared to the nearby Springbrook Mountain, Tamborine Mountain and Mount Cougal's twin peaks. 
Events.
Every year the Kokoda Challenge Gold Coast ascends Mount Nimmel as one leg of the walking challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="19738714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738714" title="Voice of the Turtle">
Voice of the Turtle

Voice of the Turtle is a musical group specializing in Sephardic music. VotT is unique in its emphasis on doing original historical research before making recordings. The band members travel the world looking for documents of Sephardic songs, and also interview community members who may remember particular musical arrangements. Their work is of both musical and historical import. An article in "Rootsworld" says, 
"Based in Boston, Voice of the Turtle is one of the best-known groups performing Sephardic music in America. Theirs is an unusual marriage of artists who see the power of music more than just a presentation to a concert audience. 'We are all galvanized by the idea that it is critically important to preserve oral traditions in any culture. It's not so much about preserving Sephardic music but encouraging people to look at their own culture. Take from the people around you the treasures that are often missed. Learn to value the treasures that the elders have brought with them,' says Wachs."
The group members are: 
Wachs died in October 2008. A memorial concert was held at the Somerville Theatre in Somerville, MA on October 19, 2009.
After a several year hiatus, Voice of the Turtle original members Lisle Kulbach and Jay Rosenberg have reformed the group with the addition of Sephardic singer and instrumentalist Ian Pomerantz.
The group continues to perform their signature arrangements of traditional Sephardic songs.
History and recordings.
The group was established in 1978, and has twelve full-length recordings. Nine recordings were published by Titanic Records, a leading publisher of early music. The book "Sacred Song in America" by Stephen Marini contains a detailed history of the group, including the story of how Wachs (who comes from an Ashkenazic Jewish background) first came to be interested in Sephardic music.
Music by Voice of the Turtle is often described as unusual. The recording "A Different Night, a Passover Musical Anthology," contains 23 versions of the song Chad Gadya. The New York Times comments (regarding the album "From the Shores of the Golden Horn': Music of the Spanish Jews of Turkey,") that "far from being esoteric, this powerfully expressive repertory will leave no one unmoved."
Languages and instruments.
Voice of the Turtle sings in a variety of languages typical of Sephardic music, including not only Spanish, Hebrew, and English, but also Judeo-Spanish (Ladino), Aramaic, Yiddish, Judeo-Italian, Judeo-Provencal, and Judeo-Arabic.
Instruments played by the group include bagpipes, kamanja, cornettino, chalumeau, dumbek, riqq, shawm, bombard, 'ud, saz, and ney.

</doc>
<doc id="19738724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738724" title="The Academy (music venue)">
The Academy (music venue)

The Academy is a music venue located in Dublin, Ireland. It consists of four floors, each for differing music tastes.
The Academy was the venue where The Killers performed an intimate show in August 2008, one night before a performance in Marlay Park. Others to have played the venue in 2008 include Black Kids, Sam Sparro, The Futureheads and Stereophonics. Staind, Lily Allen, Maxïmo Park, Gomez, The Cribs, Buzzcocks and Calvin Harris played in 2009.
The venue screened the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final before a performance by The Maccabees on 27 May 2009. The Coronas played the venue on 4 June, with support acts being Dirty Epics and The Chakras. James played an Oxegen 2009 warm-up show in The Academy on 8 July. Fight Like Apes performed inside a specially constructed wrestling ring at an end of year show in 2009.
Design.
The Main Room has a standing capacity of 650 people with capacity for additional 200 people on the upper balcony.
The Green Room is located on The Academy's ground floor and has a capacity of 550 people. It has a low slung ceiling and is used for live performances from electronic acts and DJs. 
The Academy 2 is found in the basement. It is a live room for smaller bands, comedy shows and record launches. 
The Chamber is a private VIP room which is available on request.
John Groves have also played here.
Awards.
Meteor Music Awards.
A performance by the band Republic of Loose at The Academy was nominated in the Best Irish Live Performance at the Meteor Music Awards in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19738730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738730" title="The Colt (film)">
The Colt (film)

The Colt is a 2005 television movie made for Hallmark Channel. The film is set during the American Civil War, and is based on the short story (Жеребёнок, Zherebyonok) by Nobel Prize winner Mikhail Sholokhov.
Plot.
In 1864, an American Civil War troop struggles to survive when young Union soldier Jim Rabb (Ryan Merriman) discovers that his mare has given birth to a colt. A superior officer orders Jim to shoot the foal because it may become a burden, but Jim - seeing the colt as a sign of hope and a reminder of the beauty of life - refuses. The colt remains with the men as they battle. When Confederates overtake the camp and steal the colt, Jim must risk his life retrieving it.
Critical reviews.
Hal Erickson of "All Movie Guide" called the film "an uplifting tale of unassailable innocence in the midst of America's bloodiest war."
"South Coast Today" praised the film, saying its "symbolism is never so heavy-handed as to obscure an intelligent film filled with fine performances."

</doc>
<doc id="19738736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738736" title="Rodolfo Amoedo">
Rodolfo Amoedo

Rodolfo Amoedo (December 11, 1857 in Salvador, Bahia – May 31, 1941 in Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian history painter. He began his career as an artist in 1873 as a student of Victor Meirelles. In 1878 he won the first prize at the Brazilian Academy, which allowed him to travel to Paris, where he lived from 1879 to 1887 studying at the École des Beaux Arts. He was a pupil of Alexandre Cabanel and also worked with Paul-Jacques-Aimé Baudry.
He was a professor and later director of the Brazilian Academy, renamed School of Fine Arts ou Escola Nacional de Belas Artes at the fall of the Brazilian Empire. 
His students include Eliseu Visconti. 
He died forgotten and so poor his friends had to help the widow pay for his funeral. His paintings still hang at the National Museum Museu Nacional de Belas Artes in Rio de Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="19738763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738763" title="Emir Hadžihafizbegović">
Emir Hadžihafizbegović

Emir Hadžihafizbegović (born 20 August 1961) is a prominent Bosnian film and theater actor.
Biography.
Hadžihafizbegović was born in the Bosnian city of Tuzla in 1961, while it was a part of Yugoslavia. He received his diploma in acting at the Academy of Arts in Sarajevo in 1986. He received the Golden Arena for best actor at the Pula Film Festival and Best Actor Award at the Durban International Film Festival. He has appeared and been in more than 80 roles in theater and on TV. He is a professor of acting at the Academy of Drama in Tuzla.
Politics.
Hadžihafizbegović was also the Minister of Culture and Sport in Sarajevo Canton.

</doc>
<doc id="19738785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738785" title="Boulder City Historic District">
Boulder City Historic District

Boulder City Historic District, is Nevada’s largest listing on the National Register of Historic Places with 408 buildings. 
Design.
The town was designed and built by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation and the Six Companies to support the construction of Hoover Dam between 1931 and 1935. The chief planner was Saco Rienk DeBoer. The town center is unified by the consistent use of the Spanish Colonial Revival style of architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19738801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738801" title="Skiles Test Nature Park">
Skiles Test Nature Park

Skiles Test Nature Park, sometimes called Skiles Test Nature Area is an east side Indianapolis park on land bequeathed by Skiles Test, on which once sat the supposed haunted house, The House of Blue Lights.
Skiles Test, a local business man, lived on the property from 1913 to 1964. The property once had a miniature railway and a pool with bathhouses, elevators, and highdives.
In the 1990s, the park became the subject of controversy because it was being used as a tea room by local gay men, often in the sight of children. A teacher from New Castle, Indiana, was caught exposing himself to a student and arrested in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19738818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738818" title="Nahe">
Nahe

Nahe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19738830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738830" title="Dialectic in the Park">
Dialectic in the Park

"Dialectic in the Park" is a name coined by Stefan Stern from the Financial Times for the “Humanising Work” symposium held in June 2008 at the Lehman Brothers Centre for Women in Business at London Business School. It was organised by Professor Judy Wajcman, then Visiting Professor at the Centre, and Dr Elisabeth Kelan, the Centre's Senior Research Fellow.
Overview.
The groundbreaking seminar attempted to expose business academics and practitioners to current research and knowledge in the social sciences and saw two talks by (Lord) Anthony Giddens and Richard Sennett. Stefan Stern from the Financial Times likened this event to an academic version of the Rumble in the Jungle and referred to it as the "Dialectic in the Park" - a reference to London Business School's Regent's Park campus. He authored several articles on the topic of "What sociologists can teach managers" discussing his impression that sociologists could help you run your company better than management gurus.
Naming.
The inspiration for the likening name under which this event is now known came from several aspects:

</doc>
<doc id="19738834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738834" title="Tommy Ford">
Tommy Ford

Tommy Ford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19738844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738844" title="1986 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Slalom">
1986 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Slalom

Men's Slalom World Cup 1985/1986
Final point standings.
In Men's Slalom World Cup 1985/86 the best 5 results count. Deduction are given in ().

</doc>
<doc id="19738865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738865" title="List of Miami Heat broadcasters">
List of Miami Heat broadcasters


</doc>
<doc id="19738914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738914" title="Clark Avenue Railroad Underpass">
Clark Avenue Railroad Underpass

The Clark Avenue Railroad Underpass, also known as the Bonanza Underpass, is a bridge and underpass in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge is so named since at the time of construction it crossed Clark Avenue which was later renamed to Bonanza Road.
Historic significance.
It is significant as the underpass allowed for access between Las Vegas and the settlements west of the city. Previously, it was a dangerous undertaking to cross the Union Pacific Railroad (ex-San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad) tracks.
History.
The bridge was constructed in 1937 by the Works Progress Administration. The structure has changed over time, primarily due to a widening project on Bonanza Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19738931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738931" title="Thomas Leavitt House">
Thomas Leavitt House

Thomas Leavitt House, a brick house built in the nineteenth century in Bunkerville, Nevada, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Thomas Leavitt House was built by Thomas Dudley Leavitt (1857–1933), who was born in Santa Clara, Utah, the son of Lemuel Sturdevant Leavitt and his wife Laura Melvina (Thompson). Thomas Dudley Leavitt settled in Bunkerville, Nevada, originally called Mesquite, in 1877 with 22 other members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
Leavitt's group harked back to church pioneer Joseph Smith, founding a utopian community based on an economic system based on cooperative labor and communal property ownership, principles that Mormon leader Brigham Young had set aside in favor of the tithing system. But Young permitted the settlement to proceed despite his differences with the utopian ideals of the United Order settlers.
Thomas Leavitt built a two-story brick home in Bunkerville for his first wife Louella (Abbott). Then Leavitt subsequently married a second wife Ada (Waite). The prosperous Leavitt, who had thrived growing grain, raising cattle and selling molasses, built another home for the family. The T-shaped house, two stories high and one room deep, had chimneys at each end. The design was typical of the homes of Mormon settlers dispersing from Salt Lake northward to Idaho and southward towards Nevada. The house featured multiple exterior doors, which in a Mormon polygamist community meant that the house would allow circulation while allowing some interior privacy. The house had no hallways, and was surrounded by large wooden porches on the exterior.
Eventually, the large home couldn't contain the Mormon settler's entire brood. He had gone on to father some 22 children -- 11 with each wife. So Leavitt built a house next door for his wife Ada. The original brick house today is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It sits on a large lot surrounded by a picket fence, with honey locust trees, chicken coops and the house's original stone granary out back. The house retains the character of the early Mormon utopian settlement.
Thomas Dudley Leavitt Park in Bunkerville is also named for the early Mormon pioneer.

</doc>
<doc id="19738949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738949" title="Jean-François Cailhava de L'Estandoux">
Jean-François Cailhava de L'Estandoux

Jean-François Cailhava de L'Estandoux (28 April 1731 - 26 June 1813) was a French dramatist, poet and critic. 
L'Estandoux was born in Estandoux, Toulouse. He was elected the ninth occupant of Académie française seat 29 in 1803. He died, aged 82, in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19738956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738956" title="Wanamaker, Pennsylvania">
Wanamaker, Pennsylvania

Wanamaker is small community in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.
Philip Wanamaker settled at the location about 1791. His son, Christian, later operated a grist mill. The railway station of the Berks County Railroad, later the Schuylkill and Lehigh Branch of the Reading Company, was opened in 1874. Regular passenger service ceased in 1949. Today the Wanamaker station is the end station for the Wanamaker, Kempton & Southern, a local scenic railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19738961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738961" title="Marc Wilkins">
Marc Wilkins

Marc Wilkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19738977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738977" title="Overton Gymnasium">
Overton Gymnasium

Overton Gymnasium is a historic gymnasium in Overton, Nevada. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. 
The gymnasium was designed in the Italian Renaissance Revival style by Miles E. Miller in 1938-39 under the Public Works Administration program.

</doc>
<doc id="19738981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19738981" title="Calephelis muticum">
Calephelis muticum

The Swamp Metalmark ("Calephelis muticum") is a butterfly species in the family Riodinidae.
Description.
Males have pointed forewings while the females tend to be slightly more rounded. Both sexes have bright red-brown wings which are lightly checkered.
Distribution.
They have populations in southern Michigan, Ohio, Missouri, southern Wisconsin and northern Arkansas. There are small populations also in Iowa and Kentucky. They are most often seen in bogs, marshes, swamps and wet meadows.
Life cycle.
The eggs are laid singly on the underside of the host plant. Fourth and fifth stage caterpillars overwinter. In the Great Lake region there is only one brood between June and August, while in the southern regions there are two broods between May and September.

</doc>
<doc id="19739014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739014" title="Ralph Dawson">
Ralph Dawson

Ralph Dawson (born in Westborough, Massachusetts on April 18, 1897; died November 15, 1962) was a film editor who also did some acting, directing, and screenwriting. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Film Editing four times, and won the Award three times.

</doc>
<doc id="19739033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739033" title="Christian Gottlieb Ludwig">
Christian Gottlieb Ludwig

Christian Gottlieb Ludwig (April 30, 1709 – May 7, 1773) was a German physician and botanist born in Brzeg, Silesia. He was the father of Christian L. Ludwig (1749–1784), a physician/scientist known for his translations of Joseph Priestley's scientific experiments.
From 1728 he studied medicine and botany at the University of Leipzig, but due to lack of funds was forced to discontinue his studies, therefore taking a job as a botanist on an African expedition under the leadership of Johann Ernst Hebenstreit (1703–1757). In 1733 he resumed his studies, and from 1736 gave lectures at Leipzig. In 1737 he earned his doctorate under Augustin Friedrich Walther (1688–1746), later becoming an associate professor of medicine (1740). At Leipzig he successively became a full professor of medicine (1747), pathology (1755), and therapy (1758).
Ludwig is remembered for his correspondence with Carl Linnaeus, in particular, discussions involving the latter's classification system. It was Linnaeus who named the plant genus "Ludwigia" in honor of Ludwig.

</doc>
<doc id="19739035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739035" title="Krzysztof Piskuła">
Krzysztof Piskuła

Piskuła played several seasons in the Polish Ekstraklasa with Lech Poznań and Amica Wronki. He also made one appearance for the Poland national football team in a friendly against New Zealand in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19739036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739036" title="Christian Social Party (Liechtenstein)">
Christian Social Party (Liechtenstein)

The Christian Social Party of Liechtenstein (German: "Christlich-Soziale Partei Liechtensteins", CSP) was a political party of Liechtenstein formed in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19739045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739045" title="Marc Wilkins (geneticist)">
Marc Wilkins (geneticist)

Marc R. Wilkins is an Australian scientist who is credited with the concept of the proteome, and is a Professor in the School of Biotechnology and Biomolecular Sciences at the University of New South Wales, Sydney, Australia.
Wilkins coined the term proteome in 1994, whilst developing the concept as a PhD student at Macquarie University, Sydney, Australia; this being a generalisation of the concept of the genome to encompass the set of all proteins that can be produced through the genome, through alternative splicing and post-transcriptional modification of messenger RNA. 
Career.
Dr Wilkins held a post-doctoral fellowship from 1995-1997 at the University of Geneva, Switzerland, working with Prof Denis Hochstrasser and Dr Amos Bairoch. He co-developed many of the protein analysis tools available on the ExPASy web server. He subsequently served as a senior post-doctoral fellow in the Australian Proteome Analysis Facility, which was established by the Australian Government in 1995 as the world’s first dedicated proteome research centre.
In 1997 he co-edited the first book on proteomics, "Proteome Research: New Frontiers in Functional Genomics" (Wilkins et al. (eds), Springer Verlag), which has sold more than 4,000 copies.
He was a co-founder of the proteomics company Proteome Systems Ltd. It was established in January 1999, and listed on the Australian Securites Exchange in 2004. Dr Wilkins worked in Proteome Systems full-time for 6 years as leader of its bioinformatics Research and Development team. It was awarded IBM's "Rookie of the Year Award" for companies in the Asia-Pacific region, in 2003. Proteome Systems Inc has since been renamed Tyrian Diagnostics. In 2008, Dr Wilkins co-founded the regnerative medicine company, Regeneus. This company has established treatments for osteoarthritis using autologous adult stem cells. 
Dr Wilkins is currently a Professor of Systems Biology at the University of New South Wales, and is the director of the Systems Biology Initiative and the Ramaciotti Centre for Gene Function Analysis. His latest research focus is protein interaction networks (the interactome) and Systems Biology. 
In 2012, Marc Wilkins is awarded the ASBMB Beckman Coulter Discovery Science Award for 2012. This prize is awarded to an ASBMB member for distinguished contributions to the field of biochemistry and molecular biology.

</doc>
<doc id="19739054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739054" title="Papilio canadensis">
Papilio canadensis

The Canadian Tiger Swallowtail ("Papilio canadensis") is a species of the Papilionidae family. It was once classified as a subspecies of "Papilio glaucus".
Description.
The wingspan of this particular species is 67 to 80 mm. There are two adult morphs, yellow and black, although the black form is considered quite rare. This species is very similar to the Eastern Tiger Swallowtail, but has a noticeably smaller wingspan. Unlike the Eastern Tiger Swallowtail, the underside, yellow marginal band is continuous. The hindwing has many orange scales, on both morphs. This species has also been known to be hybridized with both the Eastern Tiger Swallowtail and Western Tiger Swallowtail even if this is extremely rare.
The caterpillar is large and green, with an enlarged head. It has 4 yellow dots and 2 false eyes with bluish centers. In profile, this caterpillar appears snake-like. The immature larvae are brown and white to mimic bird droppings, making them unappealing to predators.
Distribution.
This butterfly is found in most provinces and territories in Canada, as its name implies. Its range extends north of the Arctic Circle in Yukon, and to Churchill in Manitoba, Little Shagamu River in Ontario, and to Schefferville in Quebec. It has not been reported from Labrador but has been seen in western Newfoundland. It is seen in the northern-third of the United States. Within this range it is a very common and well known butterfly, even more so around woodland edges. It is one of the most popular puddling species and often hundreds will gather at a single puddle.
Life cycle.
Adults fly during spring and summer and there is 1 brood. Females lay eggs singly on the host plant. The caterpillar will fold the host plants leaves and tie them together with silk they will then eat from this structure. The pupae will over winter then emerge in May.

</doc>
<doc id="19739057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739057" title="Nablus Sanjak">
Nablus Sanjak

The Sanjak of Nablus was an Ottoman administrative area (sanjak) that existed throughout the Ottoman presence in Syria and to a lesser extent during British rule.
History.
Ottoman rule.
In the 19th century, it consisted of nearly 113 towns and villages, in addition to the city of Nablus. From the 17th to the early 20th century it maintained its autonomy of Ottoman rule, mostly due to the mountainous terrain and Nablus's strategic location between Mount Ebal and Mount Gerizim. The rulers of the district composed of several Arab families, some originating from northern Syrian cities, some from Balqa and others were indigenous to Nablus. The primary noble families were the Touqan, Abd al-Hadi, Jayyusi, Nimr, Rayyan, Qasim, At'ut, Hajj Muhammad, Ghazi and Jaradat. Sanjaq Nablus comprised five "nahiyas" ("subsdistricts"): Jamma'in East (21 villages), Jamma'in West (25 villages), Mashariq Nablus (20 villages), Wadi al-Sha'ir (23 villages) and Sha'rawiyya (24 villages). Jamma'in East was headed by the Qasim clan, Jamma'in West by the Rayyan, Wadi al-Sha'ir by the Sayf and al-Ahfa clans, Mashariq Nablus by the Hajj Muhammad clan and Sha'rawiyya by the Abd al-Hadi clan. The Tuqan, Nimr and Abd al-Hadi families controlled Nablus. 
The Sanjak of Nablus was economically active in growing olives which they used to produce olive oil, olive wood baskets and Nabulsi soap. Cotton was also a major cash crop. Most economic activity was based in Nablus, however the surrounding towns and villages supplied the crude product. The ruling families completely controlled all production soap and olive oil and the exporting of cotton, while the peasantry served as the farmers, laborers and were forced to pay taxes to the families. In return, the ruling families protected the villages and met municipal needs.
British rule.
During the British Mandate, the Nablus District consisted of all of the present-day Nablus Governorate, southern portions of the Qalqilya Governorate, the entire Tubas Governorate, northern portions of the Salfit Governorate and the northern Jericho Governorate.

</doc>
<doc id="19739083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739083" title="Communications Corporation of America">
Communications Corporation of America

Communications Corporation of America (also known as ComCorp) is a broadcasting company in the United States that owns television stations in smaller markets. The company is headquartered in Lafayette, Louisiana. It owns and/or operates 20 stations (counting satellite stations and those controlled via local marketing agreements).
At one point, ComCorp was also an owner of radio stations in its home market of Lafayette; it subsequently sold those stations to Regent Communications.
In June 2006, ComCorp filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. The company emerged from bankruptcy in October 2007 under the control of Silver Point Capital, who also controls Granite Broadcasting Corporation.
Local news on ComCorp's owned or managed stations are structured variably, with most stations not producing news in-house. As of May 2011, the only ComCorp owned-and-operated stations with in-house local newscasts are KTSM-TV and KETK-TV; two ComCorp managed stations, WVLA-TV and KDBC-TV also produce their own newscasts. Most of the remainder of the company's stations have their newscasts outsourced to other stations in the company portfolio: most of ComCorp's Fox stations in Louisiana and Texas have local newscasts produced by KETK (with the exception of WGMB in Baton Rouge, whose newscasts are produced out of area sister station WVLA); the newscasts for NBC affiliate KVEO-TV in Brownsville, Texas, though are produced by El Paso CBS affiliate KDBC-TV); the remainder of ComCorp's owned and managed stations, including CBS affiliate WEVV-TV (the only Big Three station in the group without any local news), do not carry news at all.
On January 15, 2013, Communications Corporation of America put all of its 25 owned or managed stations up for sale, with investment firm Houlihan Lokey hired to assist in the exploration of sale options. On April 24, ComCorp announced that its entire group would be sold to the Nexstar Broadcasting Group; KMSS-TV, KPEJ-TV and most of the ComCorp-managed stations that are owned by White Knight Broadcasting would be sold to Mission Broadcasting while WEVV-TV and White Knight Broadcasting's KSHV-TV would be sold to a female-controlled company called Rocky Creek Communications, with Nexstar assuming operational control of those stations.
ComCorp-owned stations.
Footnotes:
Former ComCorp-owned stations.
Television stations.
Footnote:

</doc>
<doc id="19739094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739094" title="Barnett Ministry">
Barnett Ministry

The Barnett Ministry is the 35th and current Ministry of the Government of Western Australia. It includes 13 members of the Liberal Party, three members of the National Party of Western Australia and an independent. It is led by the Premier of Western Australia, Colin Barnett, and Deputy Premier Dr Kim Hames. It succeeded the Carpenter Ministry on 23 September 2008 following the 2008 election.
First Ministry.
The Governor, Ken Michael, designated 17 principal executive offices of the Government under section 43(2) of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899. The following ministers and parliamentary secretaries were then appointed to the positions, and served until the reconstitution of the Ministry on 14 December 2010. The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index. Blue entries indicate members of the Liberal Party, green entries indicate members of the National Party, and grey indicates an Independent.
December 2010 reconstitution.
On 14 December 2010, a number of changes were made to the Ministry. The most notable were the re-appointment of Troy Buswell to the Ministry as Minister for Transport and Minister for Housing and the promotion of Christian Porter to Treasurer to replace Colin Barnett. The Governor, Ken Michael, designated 17 principal executive offices of the Government under section 43(2) of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899. The following ministers and parliamentary secretaries were then appointed to the positions. The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index. Blue entries indicate members of the Liberal Party, green entries indicate members of the National Party, and grey indicates an Independent. Except where indicated, all ministers served until the next reconstitution on 29 June 2012.
June 2012 reconstitution.
On 29 June 2012, the Ministry was reconstituted. This followed the retirement of Liz Constable (Education), the removal of Rob Johnson (Police; Road Safety) and the earlier resignation on 12 June of Christian Porter (Treasurer; Attorney General), whose duties had been temporarily split between Premier Colin Barnett and senior minister Norman Moore. Three new ministers were appointed from amongst the parliamentary secretary ranks, and three new secretaries were appointed to replace them. The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index. Blue entries indicate members of the Liberal Party, while green entries indicate members of the National Party.
March 2013 reconstitution.
Following the return of the government at the 2013 state election, held on 9 March, the Ministry was again reconstituted, and was sworn in on 21 March 2013. John Castrilli (Local Government; Heritage; Citizenship and Multicultural Interests) and the retiring Norman Moore (Mines and Petroleum; Fisheries; Electoral Affairs) both resigned their positions, while Simon O'Brien (Finance; Commerce; Small Business), Robyn McSweeney (Child Protection; Community Services; Seniors and Volunteering; Women's Interests; Youth), and Murray Cowper (Training and Workforce Development; Corrective Services) each lost their portfolios. Five new ministers were appointed, including four previous parliamentary secretaries, and seven new parliamentary secretaries were appointed, making eight in total. A new portfolio, that of Minister for Veterans, was created. The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index. Blue entries indicate members of the Liberal Party, while green entries indicate members of the National Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19739103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739103" title="Victoria Park, Los Angeles">
Victoria Park, Los Angeles

Victoria Park is a small, semi-gated tract in the Mid-City neighborhood of Central Los Angeles, California. 
Geography.
Victoria Park is bounded by Pico Boulevard on the north, Crenshaw Boulevard on the east, Venice Boulevard on the south and West Boulevard on the west. It is bisected by Victoria Park Drive. It is 2.5 miles south of Hollywood and 3.5 miles west of downtown Los Angeles. Century City is five miles west along Pico Boulevard.
At the time of its construction, what are today the westbound lanes of Venice Boulevard were a three-track Pacific Electric main line; as a consequence, the rear of the houses face Venice Boulevard—an arrangement that did not become common until fifty years after Victoria Park's development. The only way to enter the neighborhood is on Windsor Drive off of Pico Boulevard; an earlier walkway from Venice Boulevard was closed in 1996 for security reasons.
Lafayette Square and Wellington Square are just to the south. Windsor Village and Hancock Park are to the north.
History.
Established in 1908 by ""nineteen substantial citizens" as an "exclusive residential enclave", the Victoria Park neighborhood is one of only two neighborhoods in the entire city of Los Angeles where the homes are arranged on a circular street. This design is based on the ideas of Frederick Law Olmstead, who felt that circular shapes would break up the usual linear look of urban areas. The area was intended to be upscale, e.g. the streetlights were custom-designed and registered with the city as the "Victoria Park Fixture."
Many of the homes were built between 1910 and 1915 and serve as fine architectural examples of the American Arts and Crafts Movement. The area was intended to be all single-family homes, but it was rezoned in the 1920s, and some duplexes were built.
The Holmes-Shannon House at 4311 Victoria Park Drive, built in 1911, was added to both the National Register of Historic Places and the list of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in 2008; it is described as "a residential building designed in the Tudor-Craftsman style by a prominent firm and reflective of the development of Victoria Park". The Craftsman home at 4318 Victoria Park Place, built in 1912 and pictured below right, was added to the list of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in 1998.
On December 2–3, 2006, the West Adams Heritage Association's twentieth annual Holiday Tour, titled "A Holiday to Remember in Victoria Park," took place in the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="19739122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739122" title="Ellie">
Ellie

Ellie is a female given name, a shortened form of Eloise, Eliana, Elaina, Elena, Alice, Eleanor, Emily, Eliza, Emelia, Elspeth, Elissa, Elliott or Elizabeth, but also a given name in its own right. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19739156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739156" title="Football 7-a-side at the Summer Paralympics">
Football 7-a-side at the Summer Paralympics

Football 7-a-side has been contested at every Summer Paralympics since 1984. At the 1984 Summer Paralympics, two events were held—one for men with wheelchairs and one for men standing. Every Summer Paralympics since then has consisted of only a standing men's team event; women have never competed.

</doc>
<doc id="19739162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739162" title="Ekumeku Movement">
Ekumeku Movement

The Ekumeku Movement consisted of a series of uprisings against the rising power of the Royal Niger Company of the British Empire in the Anioma communities of the Lower Niger River. The British penetration of Nigeria met with various forms of resistance throughout the country. In the south, the British had to fight many wars, in particular the wars against the Ijebu (a Yoruba group) in 1892, the Aro of Eastern Igboland in 1901–1902, and from 1883–1914, the Anioma.
History.
Opposition was strong in Anioma land where a series of wars were waged against the British. The Ekumeku, who were well organised and whose leaders were joined in secrecy oaths, effectively utilised guerrilla tactics to attack the British. Their forces, which were drawn from thousands of Anioma youth from all parts of Anioma land, created many problems for the British, but the British used forceful tactics and heavy armaments (destroying homes, farms, and roads) to prevail. The Ekumeku, however, became a great source of Anioma nationalism.
The Ekumeku Movement is unique in Anioma history for two reasons. First, the length of time the movement endured, comprising Military campaigns over a period of thirty one years. Secondly it is the outstanding example in Anioma Civilization of an attempt to unite previously disunited states to resist the colonial army. You have seen that one crucial reason for Anioma defeat was the great discrepancy of scale between the average Anioma community and the colonial army. The British decided on a preemptive strike, and in December 1902 sent a powerful expedition which systematically destroyed a number of towns and imprisoned their leaders. This, it was assumed, was the end of the Ekumeku.."the Ekumeku and other secret societies have been completely broken". 
In 1904, the Ekumeku rose again. This time the changed their tactics, mistakenly, it would seem in retrospect, abandoning the united guerilla warfare of 1898 for the individual defence of each town. The last act of the Eureka drama began in late 1909. The occasion was a succession dispute in Ogwashi-Uku. One of the claimants, Nzekwe, the son of the last Obi, feared that the British would deprive him of his throne, and decided to fight for his inheritance. 
On 2 November 1909, the British sent an expedition to Ogwashi-Uku but they failed in the expedition. The British perceived, in the whole Asaba hinterland, a sympathy with the Ekumeku, and a disposition to throw off government authority. In 1911, there was a final round-up of Ekumeku leaders in various towns that was followed, once more, by imprisonments.
The acting lieutenant-governor of the southern provinces sent an agitated telegram to Lagos: "Whole country is above area...is the state of rebellion." Reinforcements arrived from Lokoja, and the British proceeded to a confrontation at Akegbe. We quote both the contemporary British accounts of the battle at Nkwo market.
The war.
With the invasion of Ndoni in 1870 and bombardment of Onicha-Ado (Onitsha) on 2 November 1897, the stage was set for the Ekumeku war that engulfed the whole of Anioma. The Royal Niger Company (RNC) commandered by Major Festing engaged Ibusa in 1898, and in 1904 it was the people of Owa/Ukwunzu against the British in a war that W. E. B. Crawford Coupland requested for more arms to crush the western Anioma communities. Owa would once again engage the British in 1906 in battle that S. O. Crewe lost his own life. On 2 November 1909, it was finally the turn of Ogwashi-Ukwu who matched the British. In this war the British sustained many casualties with the death of H. C. Chapman.
Aftermath.
Although the Ekumeku failed in 1914, but the western Anioma treasure their memory as imperishable legacy. Heroes included Dunkwu Isus of Onicha-Olona, Nwabuzo Iyogolo of Ogwashi-Ukwu, Awuno Ugbo, Obi of Akumazi, Agbambu Oshue of Igbuzo, Idabor of Issele-Ukwu, Ochei Aghaeze of Onicha-Olona, Abuzu of Idumuje-Unor, Idegwu Otokpoike of Ubulu-Ukwu are still remembered in Anioma land. The Ekumeku War is one of the most vigorous campaign of opposition to the British empire and inspired later rebellions such as the Mau Mau of Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="19739198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739198" title="Vladik Dzhabarov">
Vladik Dzhabarov

Vladik Dzhabarov was a world-class Soviet cyclist from Sverdlovsk. He joined the Soviet Army to fight in the Invasion of Afghanistan for two years, where he continued to keep up a relationship with his trainer, and was introduced to war correspondent Artyom Borovik.

</doc>
<doc id="19739208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739208" title="Riverside Osteopathic Hospital">
Riverside Osteopathic Hospital

Riverside Osteopathic Hospital is a defunct osteopathic hospital located in Trenton, Michigan. The hospital was closed in 2002.
History.
A family with the surname Church built the old hospital in the 1800s.
Downfall.
"Henry Ford Health System said last week it will close its Riverside Osteopathic Hospital, Trenton, Mich., by Dec. 31, citing the departure of its medical staff and a projected $21 million loss over the past four years.
In July the health system merged the hospital with 305-bed Henry Ford Wyandotte (Mich.) Hospital, intending to turn the osteopathic facility into an ambulatory and emergency-care center. The departure of 100 Riverside Osteopathic physicians to a competitor doomed the plan, Wyandotte Riverside President and CEO Jim Sexton said.
Earlier this year, a proposed merger between Riverside Osteopathic and 72-bed Oakwood Southshore Medical Center in Trenton also collapsed. The hospital has been operating only six acute-care beds since July. Officials hope to sell the facility once it's closed, Sexton said."
Source: Michigan State University

</doc>
<doc id="19739218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739218" title="1999 All-Pro Team">
1999 All-Pro Team

The 1999 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association, and "The Sporting News" All-Pro Teams in 1999. Both first and second teams are listed for the AP team. These are the three teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1999 the Pro Football Writers Association and "Pro Football Weekly" combined their All-pro teams, a practice with continues through 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19739219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739219" title="Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt (disambiguation)">
Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt (disambiguation)

Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt is a poem by Goethe.
Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19739226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739226" title="Real estate in Russia">
Real estate in Russia

Russian real estate prices vary significantly from region to region. Government, financial sector, and large private businesses are concentrated in Moscow and St. Petersburg, inflating prices there. Private property prices in central Moscow are comparable with most expensive Western cities such as New York and London.
In Moscow, average property prices rose from US$700/sq.m in 2000 to over US$7 000/sq.m in 2008. Approximately half of that growth took place in 2006. Prices have started to rise in 2008 after a minor correction in 2007.
Other cities have experienced similar growth, although remaining more affordable. For example, in Ulyanovsk, average apartment prices grew from $300 per square meter in 2002 to $1100 per square meter in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19739258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739258" title="Waterford Covered Bridge">
Waterford Covered Bridge

The Waterford Covered Bridge is an Town lattice truss covered bridge crossing LeBoeuf Creek in Waterford Township, Erie County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It was built in 1875 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 17, 1980. The bridge was documented by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1936.
It is the only Town lattice truss bridge in Erie County and one of only nineteen in Pennsylvania. The bridge structure's sufficiency rating on the Federal Highway Administration National Bridge Inventory was only 18.4 percent and its condition was deemed "basically intolerable requiring high priority of replacement."
Overview.
The Waterford Covered Bridge is located in Waterford Township, just east of the borough of Waterford. The bridge is located from Waterford on Niemeyer Road (Township Road 463), which intersects Water Street in Waterford off of U.S. Route 19. The bridge crosses the LeBoeuf Creek, a tributary of French Creek.
The bridge was designed by Richard Cross using a Town lattice truss. The Town lattice truss was patented by Ithiel Town in 1832 and was used to make bridges with small, light pieces instead large, heavy pieces that were more expensive to make. They are only nineteen Town lattice truss bridges remaining in Pennsylvania and the Waterford Covered Bridge is only one in Erie County. The bridge also has "an unusual, blue, metal pipe structure" on the exterior of the bridge's south side supported with a king post framework.
History.
The Waterford Covered Bridge was built in 1875 by the brothers Charles and James Phelps.
A sign that was mounted on the gable of one of portals of the bridge said, "Old Kissing Bridge built in 1875 the Phelps Bros." The sign has since been taken down.
In 2001, Waterford Township was given a $54,000 grant by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission (PHMC) to replace the rafters, roofing, and shake shingles on the bridge.
Modern use and status.
The bridge was damaged twice when oversized trucks have attempted to cross it. The first incident occurred on June 17, 2003 when a Ford F-450 box truck attempted to cross the bridge. The second incident occurred on December 9, 2005 involving a FedEx truck that was taller than the bridge's clearance and over the bridge's posted 3 ton load limit. Several of the bridge's deck planks, support beams, and cross pieces were damaged, although the bridge's integrity was not compromised and was never closed to traffic.
Evans' 2001 "Pennsylvania's covered bridges: a complete guide" described the bridge as being "in fairly poor condition." The Federal Highway Administration National Bridge Inventory found the sufficiency rating of the bridge structure to be only 18.4 percent. It found that the bridge's foundations were determined "to be stable for assessed scour conditions," and that the railing "does not meet currently acceptable standards". Its overall condition was deemed "basically intolerable requiring high priority of corrective action", with an estimated cost to improve the bridge of $750,000.
Bridge dimensions.
The following table is a comparison of published measurements of length, width and load recorded in different sources using different methods, as well as the name or names cited. NBI measures bridge length between the "backwalls of abutments" or pavement grooves and the roadway width as "the most restrictive minimum distance between curbs or rails". The NRHP form was prepared by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, which surveyed county engineers, historical and covered bridge societies, and others for all the covered bridges in the commonwealth. The Evans visited every covered bridge in Pennsylvania in 2001 and measured each bridge's length (portal to portal) and width (at the portal) for their book. The article uses primarily the NBI and NRHP data, as they are national programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19739261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739261" title="Patricia Adair Gowaty">
Patricia Adair Gowaty

Patricia Adair Gowaty is an American evolutionary biologist. She received her B.A. in biology at Tulane University and her PhD in zoology at Clemson University in 1980. She is currently a Distinguished Professor at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Gowaty is known for her many articles about human and animal behavior and evolution. She is author and editor of a book that seeks to combine feminist theory and Darwinian evolutionary biology. She has also written about the effects of and importance of rape in understanding human evolution. Her recent research has focused on the concept of reproductive compensation in population genetics.
Gowaty is married to biologist Stephen P. Hubbell, with whom she has co-authored many journal articles about ecology and evolutionary biology.

</doc>
<doc id="19739262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739262" title="Interval finite element">
Interval finite element

The interval finite element method (interval FEM) is a finite element method that uses interval parameters. Interval FEM can be applied in situations where it is not possible to get reliable probabilistic characteristics of the structure. This is important in concrete structures, wood structures, geomechanics, composite structures, biomechanics and in many other areas [http://andrzej.pownuk.com/IntervalEquations.htm]. The goal of the Interval Finite Element is to find upper and lower bounds of different characteristics of the model (e.g. stress, displacements, yield surface etc.) and use these results in the design process. This is so called worst case design, which is closely related to the limit state design. 
Worst case design require less information than probabilistic design however the results are more conservative and Elishakoff 1998. 
Applications of the interval parameters to the modeling of uncertainty.
Solution of the following equation 
where "a" and "b" are real numbers is equal to formula_2.
Very often exact values of the parameters "a" and "b" are unknown. 
Let's assume that formula_3 and formula_4. In that case it is necessary to solve the following equation
There are several definition of the solution set of the equation with the interval parameters.
United solution set.
In this approach the solution is the following set
This is the most popular solution set of the interval equation and this solution set will be applied in this article.
In the multidimensional case the united solutions set is much more complicated.
Solution set of the following system of linear interval equations 
is shown on the following picture
formula_8
Exact solution set is very complicated, because of that in applications it is necessary to find the smallest interval which contain the exact solution set
formula_9
or simply
formula_10 
where 
formula_11
formula_12
See also [http://www.ippt.gov.pl/~kros/pccmm99/01Title.html]
Parametric solution set of interval linear system.
Interval Finite Element Method require the solution of parameter dependent system of equations (usually with symmetric positive definite matrix). Example of the solution set of general parameter dependent system of equations 
is shown on the picture below (E. Popova, Parametric Solution Set of Interval Linear System [http://cose.math.bas.bg/webMathematica/webComputing/ParametricSSet.jsp]).
Algebraic solution.
In this approach x is such interval number for which the equation
is satisfied. In other words left side of the equation is equal to the right side of the equation.
In this particular case the solution is equal to formula_15 because 
If the uncertainty is bigger i.e. formula_17, then formula_18 because
If the uncertainty is even bigger i.e. formula_20, then the solution doesn't exist. It is really hard to find physical interpretation of the algebraic interval solution set.
Because of that in applications usually the united solution set is applied.
The method.
Consider PDE with the interval parameters
where formula_22 is a vector of parameters which belong to given intervals
For example the heat transfer eqation
where formula_27 are the interval parameters (i.e. formula_28).
Solution of the equation (1) can be defined in the following way
For example in the case of the heat transfer equation
Solution formula_31 is very complicated because of that in practice it is more interesting to find the smallest possible interval which contain the exact solution set formula_32. 
For example in the case of the heat transfer equation
Finite element method lead to the following parameter dependent system of algebraic equations
where formula_36 is a stiffness matrix and formula_37 is a right hand side.
Interval solution can be defined as a multivalued function
In the simplest case above system can be treat as a system of linear interval equations.
It is also possible to define the interval solution as a solution of the following optimization problem
In multidimensional case the intrval solution can be written as
History.
Ben-Haim Y., Elishakoff I., 1990, Convex Models of Uncertainty in Applied Mechanics. Elsevier Science Publishers, New York 
Valliappan S., Pham T.D., 1993, Fuzzy Finite Element Analysis of A Foundation on Elastic Soil Medium. International Journal for Numerical and Analytical Methods in Geomechanics, Vol.17, pp. 771–789 
Elishakoff I., Li Y.W., Starnes J.H., 1994, A deterministic method to predict the effect of unknown-but-bounded elastic moduli on the buckling of composite structures. Computer methods in applied mechanics and engineering, Vol.111, pp. 155–167 
Valliappan S. Pham T.D., 1995, Elasto-Plastic Finite Element Analysis with Fuzzy Parameters. International Journal for Numerical Methods in Engineering, 38, pp. 531–548 
Rao S.S., Sawyer J.P., 1995, Fuzzy Finite Element Approach for the Analysis of Imprecisly Defined Systems. AIAA Journal, Vol.33, No.12, pp. 2364–2370 
Köylüoglu H.U., Cakmak A., Nielsen S.R.K., 1995, Interval mapping in structural mechanics. In: Spanos, ed. Computational Stochastic Mechanics. 125-133. Balkema, Rotterdam 
Muhanna, R. L. and R. L. Mullen (1995). "Development of Interval Based Methods for Fuzziness in Continuum Mechanics" in Proceedings of the 3rd International Symposium on Uncertainty Modeling and Analysis and Annual Conference of the North American Fuzzy Information Processing Society (ISUMA–NAFIPS'95),IEEE, 705–710 
More references can be found here [http://andrzej.pownuk.com/IntervalEquations.htm]
Interval solution versus probabilistic solution.
It is important to know that the interval parameters generate different results than uniformly distributed random variables.
Interval parameter formula_42 take into account all possible probability distributions (for formula_43). 
In order to define the interval parameter it is necessary to know only upper formula_44 and lower bound formula_45. 
Calculations of probabilistic characteristics require the knowledge of a lot of experimental results.
It is possible to show that the sum of n interval numbers is formula_46 times wider than the sum of appropriate normally distributed random variables. 
Sum of "n" interval number formula_47 is equal to 
Width of that interval is equal to
Let us consider normally distributed random variable "X" such that 
Sum of "n" normally distributed random variable is a normally distributed random variable with the following characteristics (see Six Sigma)
We can assume that the width of the probabilistic result is equal to 6 sigma (compare Six Sigma).
Now we can compare the width of the interval result and the probabilistic result
Because of that the results of the interval finite element (or in general worst case analysis) may be overestimated in comparison to the stochastic fem analysis (see also propagation of uncertainty).
However in the case of nonprobabilistic uncertainty it is not possible to apply pure probabilistic methods.
Because probabilistic characteristic in that case are not known exactly 2000.
It is possible to consider random (and fuzzy random variables) with the interval parameters (e.g. with the interval mean, variance etc.). 
Some researchers use interval (fuzzy) measurements in statistical calculations (e.g. [http://www.cs.utep.edu/interval-comp/interval.02/fers.pdf]). As a results of such calculations we will get so called imprecise probability.
Imprecise probability is understood in a very wide sense. It is used as a generic term to cover all mathematical models which measure chance or uncertainty without sharp numerical probabilities. It includes both qualitative (comparative probability, partial preference orderings, …) and quantitative modes (interval probabilities, belief functions, upper and lower previsions, …). Imprecise probability models are needed in inference problems where the relevant information is scarce, vague or conflicting, and in decision problems where preferences may also be incomplete [http://www.sipta.org/].
Simple example (tension-compression).
1D Example.
In the tension-compression problem the relation between the displacement "u" and the force "P" is the following
where formula_55, formula_56 or simply
(compare the definition of Young's modulus).
Let us assume that the Young's modulus and the force are uncertain 
In order to find upper and lower bound of the displacement "u" it is necessary to calculate partial derivatives 
Extreme values of the displacement can be calculated in the following way
Strain can be calculated from the following formula
Derivative of the strain can be calculated by using derivative from the displacements (the same approach can be applied in more complex problems)
Extreme values of the strains can be calculated as
It is also possible to calculate extreme valuse of strain using the displacements 
then 
The same methodology can be applied to the stress
then
and
If we treat stress as a function of strain then
then
Structure is safe if stress formula_79 is smaller than a given value formula_80 i.e.
this condition is true if 
After calculation we know that this relation is satisfied if
The example is very simple but it shows the applications of the interval parameters in mechanics. Interval FEM use very similar methodology in multidimensional cases 2004.
However in the multidimensional cases relation between the uncertain parameters and the solution is not always monotone. In that cases more complicated optimization methods have to be applied [http://andrzej.pownuk.com/IntervalEquations.htm].
Multidimensional example.
In the case of tension-compression problem the equilibrium equation has the following form
where formula_85 is displacement, formula_86 is Young's modulus, formula_87 is an area of cross-section, and formula_88 is a distributed load.
In order to get unique solution it is necessary to add appropriate boundary conditions e.g.
If Young's modulus formula_86 and formula_88 are uncertain then the interval solution can be defined in the following way
For each FEM element it is possible to multiply the equation by the test function formula_94
where formula_96
After integration by parts we will get the equation in the week form
where formula_96
Let's introduce a set of grid points formula_99, where formula_100 is a number of elements, and linear shape functions for each FEM element
where formula_102
formula_103 left endpoint of the element, formula_103 left endpoint of the element number "e". 
Approximate solution in the "e"-th element is a linear combination of the shape functions
After substitution to the weak form of the equation we will get the following system of equations
or in the matrix form
formula_107
In order to assemble the global stiffness matrix it is necessary to consider an equilibrium equations in each node.
After that the equation has the following matrix form
formula_108
where
is the global stiffness matrix, 
is the solution vector,
is the right hand side.
In the case of tension-compression problem
If we neglect the distributed load formula_88
After taking into account the boundary conditions the stiffness matrix has the following form
Right-hand side has the following form
Let's assume that Young's modulus formula_86, area of cross-section formula_87 and the load formula_119 are uncertain and belong to some intervals
The interval solution can be defined calculating the following way
Calculation of the interval vector formula_124 is in general NP-hard, however in specific cases it is possible to calculate the solution which can be used in many engineering applications.
The results of the calculations are the interval displacements 
Let's assume that the displacements in the column have to be smaller than some given value (due to safety).
formula_126 for all possible combinations of endpoints of the interval formula_127. 
The list of all vertices of the interval formula_127 can be written as formula_129. 
Upper and lower bound of the solution can be calculated in the following way
Endpoints combination method gives solution which is usually exact; unfortunately the method has exponential computational complexity and cannot be applied to the problems with many interval parameters 1990.
Taylor expansion method.
The function formula_132 can be expanded by using Taylor series.
In the simplest case the Taylor series use only linear approximation
Upper and lower bound of the solution can be calculated by using the following formula
The method is very efficient however it is not very accurate.
In order to improve accuracy it is possible to apply higher order Taylor expansion 2004.
This approach can be also applied in the interval finite difference method and the interval boundary element method.
Gradient method.
If the sign of the derivatives formula_136 is constant then the functions formula_137 is monotone and the exact solution can be calculated very fast. 
Extreme values of the solution can be calculated in the following way
In many structural engineering applications the method gives exact solution. 
If the solution is not monotone the solution is usually reasonable. In order to improve accuracy of the method it is possible to apply monotonicity tests and higher order sensitivity analysis. The method can be applied to the solution of linear and nonlinear problems of computational mechanics 2004. Applications of sensitivity analysis method to the solution of civil engineering problems can be found in the following paper Rama Rao, A. Pownuk and I. Skalna 2008.
This approach can be also applied in the interval finite difference method and the interval boundary element method.
Element by element method.
Muhanna and Mullen applied element by element formulation to the solution of finite element equation with the interval parameters Mullen 2001. Using that method it is possible to get the solution with guaranteed accuracy in the case of truss and frame structures.
Perturbation methods.
The solution formula_132 stiffness matrix formula_144 and the load vector formula_145 can be expanded by using perturbation theory. Perturbation theory lead to the approximate value of the interval solution Elishakoff 1998. The method is very efficient and can be applied to large problems of computational mechanics.
Response surface method.
It is possible to approximate the solution formula_132 by using response surface. Then it is possible to use the response surface to the get the interval solution 2000. Using response surface method it is possible to solve very complex problem of computational mechanics 2008.
Pure interval methods.
Several authors tried to apply pure interval methods to the solution of finite element problems with the interval parameters. In some cases it is possible to get very interesting results e.g. Iankov, Bonev 2008. However in general the method generates very overestimated results Pownuk, Skalna 1998.
Parametric interval systems.
2001 and 2006 introduced the methods for the solution of the system of linear equations in which the coefficients are linear combinations of interval parameters. In this case it is possible to get very accurate solution of the interval equations with guaranteed accuracy.
References.
More references can be found here [http://andrzej.pownuk.com/IntervalEquations.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19739265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739265" title="Wanamaker, Kempton and Southern Railroad">
Wanamaker, Kempton and Southern Railroad

The Wanamaker, Kempton & Southern, Inc. (WK&S), the ""Hawk Mountain Line"", is a privately owned heritage railroad company in Kempton, Pennsylvania. The 1963 founded WK&S is operated by volunteers and dedicated to the preservation of historic railroad material, closely following the Reading Company. 
Operations.
The WK&S operates tourist trains on a standard track of about 3 miles between Kempton and Wanamaker regularly on weekends between May and November as well as on special occasions using either diesel or steam engines. Its Kempton station is not the original one, but consists of buildings from the Reading Company that where brought to their current location. The ticket office was the original station at Joanna, Pennsylvania. 
The company owns a shop building and an additional 1.5 miles of track south of Kempton.

</doc>
<doc id="19739274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739274" title="Jalan Dabong-Gua Musang">
Jalan Dabong-Gua Musang

Jalan Dabong-Gua Musang (Kelantan state route ) is a major road in Kelantan, Malaysia. The roads connects Dabong in the north to Gua Musang in the south. It is a longest state roads in Kelantan.

</doc>
<doc id="19739277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739277" title="Nome-Beltz Junior/Senior High School">
Nome-Beltz Junior/Senior High School

Nome-Beltz Junior/Senior High School is a middle and high-school in Nome, Alaska. It is located at the base of Anvil Mountain, close to the beginning of the Nome-Teller Highway. The mascot is the nanook, or polar bear. The school was named in 1965 after William Earnest Beltz (1912-1960), the first president of the Alaska Senate following statehood.
Originally founded as a boarding school for nearby villages, it is presently a public school. The school has recently remodeled much of the original campus, replacing the former cafeteria and gym, among other buildings. 
The Alaska School Activities Association classifies Nome-Beltz as a 3A school, just below the largest schools in the state. The school's athletic programs have won several state championships for its division over the past sixty years. Nome-Beltz fields athletic teams for boys & girls basketball, cheerleading, cross-country, swimming, volleyball and wrestling. 
Additionally, the school sponsors a school band and choir and hosts numerous student organizations, including Business Professionals of America, National Honor Society, Nome Native Youth Leadership, Future Teachers and Native Youth Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19739334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739334" title="Hall Institute of Public Policy – New Jersey">
Hall Institute of Public Policy – New Jersey

The Hall Institute for Public Policy - New Jersey is a nonpartisan, non-profit think tank that focuses on public policy issues in New Jersey. The institute was founded in 2005 by George E. Hall, a finance executive and philanthropist. Hall hired Michael P. Riccards, a former college president, as executive director, and Richard A. Lee, former Deputy Communications Director to New Jersey Governor James E. McGreevey, as Director of Communications. Since its inception, the institute has posted more than 400 papers on its website, conducted public forums, and published two books.
Public policy.
Opinion articles from the Hall Institute have appeared in several newspapers on the East Coast, including the "New York Times". 
In 2006 and 2008, the Hall Institute used a mediated online debate format, what it calls a "virtual debate", as a way of presenting the views of New Jersey U.S. Senate candidates without the partisan sparring and the neglect of the issues that has been characteristic of live face-to-face debates in New Jersey and elsewhere. 
The institute's public forums have focused on New Jersey's role in the 2008 presidential campaign. 
In partnership with Mercer County Community College, the institute produced one season of public affairs television in 2008 which aired on MCTV 26 in Mercer County, New Jersey. 
In 2006, the institute published a hardbound journal, "The State of the Garden State", and in 2007, another journal titled "Reaction and Reform in New Jersey". Both were compilations of major papers that the institute had solicited and commissioned from scholars on topics ranging from New Jersey health care reform to lowering the levels of poverty in the state's urban areas. The institute posted a third volume online in 2008, "Creating a Common Future: New Jersey and Public Policy".

</doc>
<doc id="19739397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739397" title="Puerto Charley">
Puerto Charley

Puerto Chale is a town located on the Pacific coast side of La Paz Municipality in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur. Hurricane Norbert made landfall in Puerto Chale on October 11, 2008, with 105 mph winds, a Category 2 hurricane. It had a population of 373 inhabitants in the 2010 census and is located at an elevation of 1 meter (3 ft.) above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19739407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739407" title="Ashot IV">
Ashot IV

Ashot IV, surnamed Qadj, i.e. "the Brave, the Valiant", was the younger son of Gagik I.
Life.
When his eldest brother Hovhanness-Smbat was enthroned as King of Armenia as the legal heir of the Bagratuni Dynasty as King of Armenia (King of Ani), Ashot was greatly displeased as he had aspirations to the throne. So he organized a military campaign through his supporters besieging and later conquering the Armenian capital Ani, usurping the power and dethroning the king Hovhannes-Smbat III in 1021.
But later on a compromise agreement was reached between the two feuding brothers such the legal heir would reassume his power but on a much smaller territory in provinces near the capital, whereas Ashot would become king in provinces closer to Persia and Georgia. The concurrent rule of the two brother continued with Hovhannes-Smbat III ruling (1020–1040) and that of Ashot IV (1021–1039). 
However despite the compromise agreement, the feud, sometimes military, continued between the two brothers during their concurrent reign thus greatly weakening the unity of the Bagratuni dynasty.
Their troublesome rule was followed by Gagik II, the last king of the dynasty from 1042-1045 when the dynasty finally collapsed.
Ashot IV Qadj may actually be Ashot VIII lineage, but was the 4th Ashot to hold the Armenian throne, the previous king Ashots being Ashot I of Armenia, (known as Ashot the Carnivorous) who ruled 884-890, Ashot II (known as Ashot Yergat (Ashot the Iron), 915-930, Ashot III Olomurdz, (Ashot the Gracious) 953-977.

</doc>
<doc id="19739408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739408" title="Bill Baillie">
Bill Baillie

William ("Bill") David Baillie (born 28 May 1934 in Nelson, New Zealand) was a runner, who represented New Zealand at the 1964 Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo, where he placed 6th in the 5000 m. He also competed at the 1954, 1958, 1962, 1966 Commonwealth Games. He is the current national record holder over 20000 m and 1 hour.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19739414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739414" title="Buyology – Truth and Lies About Why We Buy">
Buyology – Truth and Lies About Why We Buy

Content.
Buyology is claimed to be a result of the author’s three year neuromarketing study on 2,081 people to identify the effect of brands, logos, commercials, advertisements and products on them. The study was funded by seven corporations, including GlaxoSmithKline, Hakuhodo, Fremantle - and Martin Lindstrom. The study evaluates the effectiveness of logos, product placement and subliminal advertising, the influence of our senses and the correlation between religion and branding.

</doc>
<doc id="19739423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739423" title="Hardin County Courthouse">
Hardin County Courthouse

Hardin County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19739429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739429" title="John Kane-Berman">
John Kane-Berman

John Kane-Berman is Chief Executive of the South African Institute of Race Relations, an organization with a proud history of involvement in the fight against apartheid. Prior to joining the Institute, he was a leading journalist at the "Financial Mail" of South Africa.
He was educated at St. Johns College, a leading high school in Johannesburg. As a Rhodes Scholar, he attended the University of Oxford and graduated with BA and MA degrees. Prior to that, he studied at the University of the Witwatersrand where he was elected President of the Students' Representative Council during a time of considerable student unrest against the apartheid regime. During his tenure, Kane-Berman was at the forefront of student demonstrations against apartheid and for integration of the university.
He is on the Board of the New Era Schools Trust and an Honorary VP of KZN Indaba.Kane-Berman is listed in the [http://www.whoswhosa.co.za "Who's Who of South Africa"

</doc>
<doc id="19739477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739477" title="Jean Henri Simon">
Jean Henri Simon

Jean Henri Simon (28 October 1752 – 12 March 1834) was a Belgian engraver and soldier.
Life.
Simon was born in Brussels. He was a son of the engraver Jacob Simon, under whom he learned his trade. When not quite fifteen years of age he was appointed engraver to Prince Charles Alexander of Lorraine. In 1775 he removed to Paris, where he became engraver to the Duke of Orleans in Chartres, with a yearly salary of 200 thaler. He soon became engraver to King Louis XVI, which position he held until 1792.
At the beginning of French Revolutionary Wars, Simon commanded a company under General Charles François Dumouriez. The battles of Anderlecht and Boucar, in both of which he was wounded, won him the rank of lieutenant-colonel. Returning to Paris, as a follower of Dumouriez he was accused of treason when the latter went over to the enemy, but he succeeded in proving himself innocent. He next went to Spain, where he became engraver to the court, but was soon recalled to Paris as teacher of engraving at the Institute for Deaf-Mutes. After being banished for a short period, he was recalled and became engraver to the empress Josephine. In 1813 he rejoined the army, and served as colonel of a regiment of lancers in the first corps of the francs-éclaireurs of the department of the Seine. Discharged on half-pay in 1814, he took no prominent part in the campaign of 1815, and in 1816 he went to Brussels, where he passed the rest of his life.
Works.
Simon was an excellent engraver; he executed engravings on precious stones, some of which were mistaken for real antiques and were sold to the Empress of Russia. He likewise etched on copper, and his portraits of noted men of the Netherlands especially deserve mention. He also published "L'Armorial général de l'Empire", of which only volumes 1 and 2 appeared, under the patronage of the empress Josephine. Among his pupils were Dubois, Paul, Verger, Lalondre, and his own son Simon.

</doc>
<doc id="19739491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739491" title="Loyston, Tennessee">
Loyston, Tennessee

Loyston was a community in Union County, Tennessee, United States, that was inundated by the waters of Norris Lake after the completion of Norris Dam in 1936. Established in the early 19th century around a foundry built by its namesake, John Loy, over subsequent decades the community's location along State Highway 61 helped it grow into a trading center for local farmers. By the time the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) began making plans to build Norris Dam in the early 1930s, Loyston had a population of approximately 70 residents, and consisted of a post office and several small businesses. 
Prior to inundation, TVA conducted extensive sociological surveys of Loyston's residents, and the community was documented by photographer Lewis Hine. Most of Loyston's residents relocated elsewhere in the area, with many forming the community of New Loyston in the hills to the south. Loyston was located near where Mill Creek empties into the Clinch River, at river mile 98. Mill Creek's drainage carved a broad valley known as Big Valley, flanked on the south by Lone Mountain and on the east by Big Ridge. At Loyston, State Highway 61 intersected a major local road. The trip to Knoxville from Loyston was a drive on Highway 61 (which has since been re-routed). Loyston is now under a mile-wide section of Norris Lake known as the "Loyston Sea," located along the shores of Big Ridge State Park.
History.
In the 1780s, German immigrant Henry Sharp built a frontier fort known as "Sharp's Station" on the slopes of Big Ridge overlooking the Clinch River east of Loyston, the area having been identified by long hunters travelling down the Clinch Valley during the previous decade. In 1933, Sharp's descendants were still prominent members of the Loyston community, evidenced by names such as "Sharp's Station Methodist Episcopal Church," which was located just outside of Loyston. Another notable early settler, Robert Stooksbury, moved to the Loyston area around 1800. Several dozen of Stooksbury's descendants were still living in the Loyston area in the early 1930s, some of whom operated one of the community's general stores. 
In the early 19th century, John Loy established a foundry in the area, taking advantage of the iron ore deposits at the base of Big Ridge. The community that developed around the foundry was known variously as "Loy" and "Loy's Crossroads." When a post office was established in the community in 1866, it took the name "Loy's Cross Roads," but the name was changed to Loyston in 1894. 
By the early 1930s, when TVA agents were surveying the Clinch River Valley for the Norris Dam Project, Loyston consisted of a post office, two general stores, a filling station, a cafe, a mill, and a barbershop. A Delco Light system provided electricity to Loyston's businesses and a few of its houses. TVA and the University of Tennessee Department of Agriculture's extension service helped Loyston families relocate, driving them to farms for sale around the region (one Loyston family required 25 such trips before finding a farm that satisfied them). CCC Company 4495, which built Big Ridge State Park, was headquartered at Loyston.
TVA.
TVA's studies showed that most residents of the Norris Basin were living in relative poverty, although Loyston's residents fared better due to better farm land. The Stooksbury general store had sales of $50,000 per year, resulting in a $7,000 profit. Houses in the Loyston area ranged from primitive two-room log cabins to eight-room frame houses. Most houses were heated by fireplaces, although some had coal-burning stoves. Loyston's children attended either Loyston Elementary School or the nearby one-room Oakdale School. 
TVA agents discussed in depth with Loyston's residents the benefits of moving to more fertile lands in the lower parts of the valley, and were perplexed when most of the community's residents chose to move no further than the less lucrative adjacent hill country. In an attempt to keep the community intact, many of the displaced residents established New Loyston a few miles to the south. A significant number moved to Knoxville, and others moved to nearby Anderson County or to Blount or Loudon counties south of Knoxville.
Legacy.
The valley in which Loyston was once located is now submerged under the widest part of Norris Lake, the mile-wide "Loyston Sea." While building the Norris reservoir, TVA engineers determined that a saddle dam would be necessary to prevent water from the Mill Creek embayment from escaping into the Buffalo Creek Valley (which empties into the Clinch downstream from Norris Dam). This saddle dam, known as the "Loyston Dike," is located along Highway 61 just west of Big Ridge State Park. A recreation area along the Mill Creek embayment has also been named for Loyston. In 2008, the Museum of Appalachia accepted a donation of a children's playhouse that originally stood in Loyston and was said to be the last intact building from the community.

</doc>
<doc id="19739517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739517" title="Cincinnati and Eastern Railway">
Cincinnati and Eastern Railway

The Cincinnati and Eastern Railway was a railroad that completed its line from a junction with the Cincinnati, Lebanon and Northern Railway north of Cincinnati east to Portsmouth, Ohio in 1884. It began as the Cincinnati, Batavia and Williamsburg Railroad in January 1876, and was renamed in May of the same year. The line was sold at foreclosure in January 1887 to the Ohio and North Western Railroad (which had been chartered in 1886), and in March 1890 it was again foreclosed, passing to the Cincinnati, Portsmouth and Virginia Railroad in June 1891. That company merged into the Norfolk and Western Railway in October 1901. The line is now owned by the Norfolk Southern Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19739526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739526" title="James Allen (Medal of Honor)">
James Allen (Medal of Honor)

"For the U.S. Army engineer and frontiersman, see James Allen (Army engineer)"
James Allen (May 5, 1843- August 31, 1913) was an Irish-born Union Army soldier during the American Civil War. He earned the Medal of Honor for bravery at the Battle of South Mountain on September 14, 1862, during the Maryland Campaign.
On April 24, 1861, shortly after the outbreak of the American Civil War, James Allen enlisted in Company F of the 16th New York Infantry.
He earned the Medal of Honor for gallantry in action at the Battle of South Mountain on September 14, 1862. During the battle, Allen singlehandedly captured 14 Confederate soldiers of the 16th Georgia Infantry, who had mistakenly believed they were opposed by a superior force. Allen also captured a Confederate flag in this action.
Allen was discharged along with the rest of the 16th New York in May 1863, but continued to serve the Union cause as a member of the railroad service. 
Allen was awarded the Medal of Honor on September 11, 1890.
After the war, Allen lived in St. Paul, Minnesota and was a member of the Garfield Post of the Grand Army of the Republic.
Allen died on August 31, 1913, and was laid to rest in the Oakland Cemetery in St. Paul.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:

</doc>
<doc id="19739546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739546" title="Hardin County Courthouse (Ohio)">
Hardin County Courthouse (Ohio)

The Hardin County Courthouse is one of Ohio's courthouses. Located in Kenton, Ohio, United States, it was completed in 1915 at a cost of $275,000. The building was added to the National Register of Historical Places on March 21, 1979, and a state historical marker was placed on the courthouse lawn in 1996.
The present courthouse is the third structure to occupy the middle of the city's central square; it replaced an 1880 building, which in turn replaced a structure erected in 1834. It is doubly symmetrical, with the northern and western sides being identical to the southern and eastern sides respectively. Architectural historians have ranked it as a fine example of neoclassical architecture, with elements such as pilasters topped with Doric capitals and walls of dressed stone. The northern and southern sides are divided into seven bays, while four bays are placed on each side of a central colonnade topped with pediments. The building is two stories tall with a ground floor substantially elevated above the surface of the ground. Lit by a skylight with stained glass, the interior features multiple murals and chandeliers made of brasswork. Granite was used to build the curbs surrounding the courthouse square, as well as the building's steps, while the walls themselves are built of grey Indiana Limestone.

</doc>
<doc id="19739572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739572" title="Noriko Yui">
Noriko Yui

Noriko Yui is a professor of mathematics at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario.
Career.
A native of Japan, Yui obtained her B.S. from Tsuda College, and her Ph.D. in Mathematics from Rutgers University in 1974 under the supervision of Richard Bumby.
Known internationally, Yui has been a visiting researcher at the Max-Planck-Institute in Bonn a number of times and a Bye-Fellow at Newnham College, University of Cambridge. Her research is based in arithmetic geometry with applications to mathematical physics and notably mirror symmetry. Currently, much of her work is focused upon the modularity of Calabi-Yau threefolds. Notably, she and Fernando Gouvea have shown that for formula_1 a projective rigid Calabi-Yau threefold defined over formula_2, the formula_3-function of formula_1 is the formula_3-function of a certain modular form.
Professor Yui has been the managing editor for the journal "Communications in Number Theory and Mathematical Physics" since its inception in 2007. She has edited a number of monographs, and she has co-authored two books.

</doc>
<doc id="19739576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739576" title="First Federal Electoral District of Baja California">
First Federal Electoral District of Baja California

The First Federal Electoral District of Baja California "(I Distrito Electoral Federal de Baja California)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of eight such districts in the state of Baja California.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 redistricting process, it is made up of the municipality of Mexicali, with the exception of its extreme northwest (where the state's Third District is located)
and its extreme northeast (which corresponds to the Second District).
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the state capital, the city of Mexicali.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, this electoral district covered the whole of the municipality of Mexicali, except for a small pocket in the east of the city of Mexicali, which was part of the Second District.

</doc>
<doc id="19739585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739585" title="Tank Corps of the American Expeditionary Force">
Tank Corps of the American Expeditionary Force

The Tank Corps of the American Expeditionary Force was the mechanized unit that conducted American tank combat in World War I. 
An initial plan for 2,000 light Renault FT tanks and 200 heavy British Mark VI tanks was changed to 20 battalions of 77 light tanks each and 10 battalions of 45 heavy tanks each. A total of eight heavy battalions (the 301st to 308th) and 21 light battalions (the 326th to 346th) were raised, but only four (the 301st, 331st, 344th and 345th) saw combat. 
Captain George S. Patton, the first officer assigned to the unit, set up a light tank school at Bourg, France, starting on November 10, 1917. In the first half of 1918, the 326th and 327th Tank Battalions were organized at Patton's school, while the 301st Heavy Tank Battalion was raised at Camp Meade, Maryland, and transported to the British Tank School in Bovington, England, for training.
Combat operations.
The 326th (under the command of Sereno E. Brett) and 327th Tank Battalions (later renamed the 344th and 345th and organized into the 304th Tank Brigade), were the first into combat, beginning with the Battle of St. Mihiel (as part of the US IV Corps) on 12 September 1918, followed by the Meuse-Argonne Offensive (as part of the US V Corps) on 26 September. The small French Renault FT tanks they were equipped with found the going hard and many were lost or ran out of fuel crossing the battlefield – the Germans, forewarned, had largely retreated from the salient.
The 331st Tank Battalion (organized into the 306th Tank Brigade) first saw action in the Meuse-Argonne Offensive (as part of V Corps) in November.
The 301st, equipped with British Mark Vs, suffered large casualties in the Battle of St. Quentin Canal on 29 September as part of the British 4th Tank Brigade, under the control of the Australian Corps. Some tanks were hit by shelling before the start line, while others were lost crossing an unreported British minefield. Of the 34 participating tanks, only 10 made rallying. The 301st then seized the village of Brancourt on 8 October, fought in the Battle of the Selle on 18 October, and participated in a night attack on 22–23 October in the vicinity of the Sambre Canal.
Postwar.
The AEF Tank Corps was disbanded after the November 11, 1918 armistice and remaining tank corps personnel transferred to the United States, where the Tank Corps, National Army was disbanded with the National Army in 1920. Headquarters and Headquarters Company (HHC), 304th Tank Brigade, Tank Corps transferred to Camp Meade, Maryland and consolidated with HHC, 305th Tank Brigade on 22 June 1921, reorganized and was redesignated HHC, 1st Tank Group. This organization was reorganized and redesignated HHC, 1st Tank Regiment on 1 September 1929. The 1st Tank Regiment was reorganized and redesignated the 66th Infantry Regiment (Light Tanks) on 25 October 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="19739591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739591" title="Izzy Molina">
Izzy Molina

Islay "Izzy" Molina (born June 3, 1971 in New York, New York) is a former Major League Baseball catcher for the Oakland Athletics and Baltimore Orioles. Molina, though a catcher, is not related to the trio of catching Molina brothers, Bengie, Jose, and Yadier.
Molina was drafted out of high school by the Oakland Athletics in the 22nd round of the 1990 Major League Baseball Draft and made his professional debut that same year for the Arizona League Athletics where he batted .339 in 39 games. He made his major league debut for Oakland on August 15, . Molina left the Athletics via free agency after the season. On October 26, 1998, he signed with the Arizona Diamondbacks, but was traded to the New York Yankees with Ben Ford for Darren Holmes in spring training .
Over the next three years, Molina did not play in the majors while spending time in the minors with the Yankees, Royals, and Blue Jays organization.
He signed a minor-league contract with the Baltimore Orioles on November 20, 2001. He began the 2002 season with Double-A Bowie and was promoted to Triple-A Rochester. Two weeks after his contract was purchased from the Red Wings on May 3, he cleared waivers and was outrighted to the Baysox on May 17. During this stint he made his only appearance with the Orioles in a 9–4 defeat to the Cleveland Indians at Camden Yards on May 6. He had a fifth-inning single in three at bats and scored a run as the starting catcher. Molina last played professional baseball in with the Orioles Single-A, Double-A, and Triple-A teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19739600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739600" title="Billy Batson and the Magic of Shazam!">
Billy Batson and the Magic of Shazam!

Billy Batson and the Magic of Shazam! was an all-ages comic book series published by DC Comics as a part of its Johnny DC imprint. The series debuted in September 2008, and was originally written and drawn by Mike Kunkel.
Overview.
In style and tone, "Billy Batson and the Magic of Shazam!" is a followup to Jeff Smith's 2007 miniseries "", as both draw upon the light, whimsical feel of the Captain Marvel comics of the Golden Age for inspiration. In "Magic of Shazam!", Billy Batson is a young boy who must juggle his superheroic life as Captain Marvel with looking after his rambunctious little sister Mary Marvel. Unlike Billy, who transforms into an adult when he speaks the magic word "Shazam", Mary possesses only a fraction of his power, although she is faster, and remains a child in her superhero form. Tawky Tawny, a shapeshifting servant of the wizard Shazam, assists them and comes to live with them at their insistence when his form is later fixed as a humanoid tiger. Other Marvel Family characters are similarly re-imagined, such as Black Adam who is presented as bratty exchange student Theo Adam, a classmate of Billy. In their clashes, a boy, Freddy Freeman, is accidentally seriously injured and paralysed and blamed the Marvels for it. Black Adam exploited that hate to recruit him with his power as Black Adam Jr. until the boy realizes the villain's evil and reconciled with the Marvels, which led to Captain Marvel bestowing him a portion of his power to become Captain Marvel Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19739602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739602" title="2008 World Junior A Challenge">
2008 World Junior A Challenge

The 2008 World Junior A Challenge was an international Junior "A" ice hockey tournament hosted by Hockey Canada. The 2008 World Junior A Challenge was hosted by the Canadian City of Camrose, Alberta from November 1 to November 9, 2008 at the Edgeworth Centre. The opening ceremony included a performance from Tom Cochrane.
Teams.
Same as the 2007 World Junior A Challenge, the 2008 edition will include Belarus, Canada East and West, Germany, Russia, and the United States. Slovakia, again, is not competing and has not since the 2006 World Junior A Challenge.
Summary.
Exhibition.
Only three exhibition games were scheduled for prior to the 2008 WJAC tournament. On October 29, Canada West challenged the varsity team from Augustana University College. The West defeated Augustana 9-2. The same night, Canada East played the varsity team from Portage College. The East was victorious, taking the game 7-1. Two nights later, Canada East and Canada West met in Camrose for an exhibition rematch of the 2006 and 2007 tournament finals. The East took the game 4-2.
Round Robin.
On November 2, the tournament kicked off with the opening game between Belarus and defending 2-time champion Canada West. The West went up early 2-0 only to have Belarus take one back late in the first frame. The West entered the second period with a 2-1 lead only to give up costly goals 13 seconds and 28 seconds into the frame—leading to a Belorussian 3-2 lead. Around two minutes later the Canadians came back to tie the game at 3's. There was no scoring during the rest of regulation. Overtime was uneventful, so the game went to a shootout. Belarus' Bialinski stopped all three penalty shots, while Canada's Bodnarchuk let in his first, shot by Yauheni Salamonau, and stopped his second. The result was a 4-3 upset victory for a Belorussian squad that had only won once in its last 8 WJAC games.
The early game on November 3 was between the Germans and Canada East. After giving up a goal 49 seconds into the game to Germany, the East team scored 3 goals in the first period and never looked back in a 6-3 victory. The Germans looked solid in the game despite only having won a single WJAC game in eight tried entering the game. In the late game, the Russians faced Belarus. Riding the momentum of 4 early goals in the first and second, the Russians cruised to their first win of the tournament, 10-4. The loss was on the heals of a Belorussian upset of the two-time defending champion Canada West and gives the West a chance at first with a big enough win over the Russians in their final game of the round robin.
On November 4, the Germans set the stage for the second massive upset of this World Junior A Challenge. The Americans, playing their first game of the tournaments, led 1-0 after the first and 2-0 early in the second period. That is when the bottom dropped out. Germany started scoring and just did not stop. In the end, the Germans scored 5 unanswered goals and won the game 5-2. The Germans finish the round robin with a win and a loss, awaiting the outcome of the November 5 game between the Americans and Canada East. In the late game, Canada West was triumphant over the Russian squad, overcoming an early deficit to win the game 5-2. This win gives all three teams in Pool A a 1-1 record, but because Canada West's loss was in overtime they clinch the tie-breaker and get a bye past the quarter-final.
The single November 5 game was between Canada East and the Americans. It would close out the round robin. The Americans came out on fire and defeated the East 5-3. This left each team in Pool B with a 1-1-0 record. Because of goal differential, Canada East still won first place and the United States had to settle on third place behind the Germans.
Quarter-final.
In the first quarter-final, Pool A's second seed Russia took on Pool B's third seed the United States. The Americans put the boots to the Russians early, building up a 5-0 lead by the midway point of the game. Russia potted two quick goals at the end of the second period, but like the first, the third was all USA with three more insurance markers. The Americans crushed the Russians 8-2. The Americans move on to the semi-final against Canada East while the Russians are relegated to the 5th place match.
The second quarter-final was won on the heroics of Siarhei Drozd whose natural hat trick gave the Belorussians enough momentum to survive a late German onslaught and win the game. The Germans fall back to the 5th place game against the Russians, while the Belorussians will meet Canada West in the second semi-final.
5th Place and Semi-final.
The Russians found themselves in the 5th place match for the first time in their WJAC history, against the Germans who hold a win over the Americans - the team that eliminated Russia from medal contention. All this did not matter though, as the Russians dismantled the Germans withan 8-2 victory to close out the tournament on a winning note.
In the first semi-final, Canada East was up against the only team to defeat them so far in the 2008 WJAC - the Americans. This would be no day for revenge as the United States upended the Eastern squad 5-1 in front of 1525 fans. For the first time in WJAC, there will be no All-Canada final as Canada East is left competing for Bronze. The United States will compete for Gold for the first time, as last year at their first WJAC they won Bronze.
The second semi-final pitted Canada West against the only team to defeat them so far in the tournament, Belarus. The West led 1-0 after the first and Belarus tied the score 1-1 early in the second. The Canadians then battened down the hatches and scored 2 more goals to close out the period and another insurance marker in the third to win 4-1. The Belorussians move to the Bronze medal game against Canada East, while Canada West goes to their third straight Gold medal game at the WJACs.
Bronze and Gold.
In the Bronze Medal game, Canada East competed against Belarus. The Belorussians were no match for the Canada East squad who crushed Belarus 9-1. After two consecutive Silvers in WJAC-event, the Canada East squad settles for Bronze in 2008.
The Gold Medal game was between two tough squads: the United States and Canada West. The Canada West team were the two-time defending Gold medalists, while the Americans were 2007 Bronze Medalists who just got done manhandling Russia and Canada East to get to the Gold Medal match. In the end, it was barely a contest - led by Tournament MVP Mike Cichy, the Americans walked all over Canada West to win the Gold with a 7-1 score.
Awards.
All-Star Team
Rosters.
Belarus.
Players: Vitali Bialinski, Valeri Bojarskih, Kiryl Brykun, Pavel Dashkou, Siarhei Drozd, Nikolai Goncharov, Aleh Haroshka, Ilya Kaznadzei, Andrei Kolasau, Dzmitry Korabau, Aliaksei Kuveka, Vitali Marchanka, Uladzimir Mikhailau, Anatol Panou, Pavel Razvadouski, Yauheni Salamonau, Illa Shinkevitch, Yahor Stsiapanau, Mikalai Susla, Ihar Varashylau, Dzmitry Verameichyk, Dzmitry Volkau, Aliaksandr Yeronau, Aliaksandr Zhuk
Staff: Vaily Spiridonov, Pavel Perapekhin, Vasilij Pankov, Vyatcheslav Gusov, Ihar Karachun, Heorhi Zatkouski, Dzmitry Klaskouski, Sergei Opimakh
Canada East.
Players: Braden Birch, Nick D'Agostino, Dustin Darou, Scott Dawson, Jordan Escott, Jeremy Franklin, Andrew Hare, Zach Hervato, Stephen Horyl, Pierre-Luc Lacombe, Jacob Laliberte, Greg Miller, Marty O'Grady, David Pacan, Brandon Pirri, David Pratt, Jeremy Price, Ben Sexton, Shawn Sirman, Reilly Smith, Lindsay Sparks, Mike Wills
Staff: Mark Grady, Patrice Bosch, Troy Ryan, Marty Abrams, Brent Ladds, Bob Baird, Darren Allan
Canada West.
Players: Andrew Bodnarchuk, Tommy Brown, Aaron Dell, Tanner Fritz, Kevin Genoe, Derek Grant, Matt Grassi, Tim Hayduk, James Kerr, Scott Macaulay, Michael MacDonald, Matt Mackay, Andrew MacWilliam, Denver Manderson, Curtis McKenzie, Dylan Olsen, Brodie Reid, Derek Rodwell, Justin Schultz, Jaden Schwartz, Rylan Schwartz, Steven Seigo, Travis Statchuk, Cole Wilson, Michael Young
Staff: Boris Rybalka, Dwight McMillan, Rylan Ferster, Ken Miske, Brent Sawchuk, Norm Zunti, Leonard Strandberg, Kim Davis
Germany.
Players: Sinan Akdag, Dominik Bielke, Benedikt Bruckner, Maximilian Englbrecht, Jerome Flaake, Andreas Gawlik, Patrick Geiger, Martin Hinterstocker, André Huebscher, Markus Keller, Conor Morrisson, Florian Muller, Marco Nowak, Alexander Oblinger, Daniel Oppolzer, Patrick Pohl, Steven Rupprich, Toni Ritter, Gregor Stein, Soren Sturm, Dominic Walsh, Daniel Weiss, Marc Wittforth, David Wolf
Staff: Ernst Hofner, Jeffrey Tomlinson, Wolfgang Fischer, Jorg Lochbihler, Michael Pfuhl
Russia.
Players: Sergey Barbashev, Roman Berdnikov, Georgy Berdyukov, Igor Bobkov, Stanislav Bocharov, Anton Burdasov, Alexander Burmistrov, Sergey Chvanov, Georgy Dulnev, Kirill Kabanov, Stanislav Kalashnikov, Dmitry Kanifadin, Alexander Karpushkin, Anton Kavera, Maxim Kitsin, Yevgeni Kuznetsov, Kirill Lebedev, Vladimir Malinovsky, Dmitry Orlov, Nikita Pivtsakin, Eduard Reyzvikh, Dmitry Shikin, Stanislav Solovyev, Vladimir Tarasenko, Semen Valuyskiy, Kirll Yuryev, Pavel Zotov, Vitaly Zotov
Staff: Vladimir Plyuschev, Sergey Petrenko, Igor Ostapchuk, Dmitry Kondrashin, Oleg Kuchenev, Alexey Sasin, Alexander Shapiro
United States.
Players: Josh Balch, Josh Birkholz, Greg Burke, Rocco Carzo, Mike Cichy, Matt Donovan, David Gerths, Seth Helgeson, Joe Howe, Danny Kristo, Nick Larson, Mike Lee, Dave Makowski, Lee Moffie, John Moore, Pat Mullane, Maxim Nicastro, Nick Oddo, Darren Rowe, Craig Smith, Matt White
Staff: Mark Carlson, Bliss Littler, Todd Knott, Darrin Flinchem, Todd Klein, David Peck, Marc Boxer

</doc>
<doc id="19739640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739640" title="Fourmile">
Fourmile

Fourmile or Four Mile may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19739646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739646" title="Alabama Confederate Soldiers Home">
Alabama Confederate Soldiers Home

The Alabama Confederate Soldiers Home was the official home for former soldiers of the Confederate States of America by the state of Alabama, located in what is now Confederate Memorial Park in Mountain Creek in Chilton County, Alabama.
It was founded in 1901 by former Confederate veteran Jefferson Manly Falkner, a lawyer from Montgomery, Alabama. He wished to provide a home for former Confederate veterans and their wives and widows who could no longer support themselves even with pensions. (Originally, the wives had to have their Confederate husbands be alive and living at the homes, but in 1915 the rules were changed to permit widows). He donated in 1902 for the purpose of housing such residents in Mountain Creek, a summer resort area. The state government took control of the operations at the home in 1903. It was the only official home for Confederate veterans in Alabama.
The home included a small hospital, a dairy barn, mess hall, and nineteen domiciles, with a then-modern sewage systems. At its height between 1914 and 1918, 91 veterans and nineteen widows of such veterans lived at the home. A total of 650–800 individuals lived at the home at one time or another, most from Alabama, but some had lived in other states during the war, and came to Alabama after the war. The last veteran in the home died in 1934. The home closed in October 1939, with the five widows left at the home moved south to a home in Montgomery, where they could receive better care.
The Mountain Creek Baptist Church first met at the Home in 1908, spending its first two years there. Even though the church moved out, the earliest surviving church records show many of the Confederate veterans still going to the church in the 1920s.
The grounds include two cemeteries, with 313 graves. A museum with relics from the war and the home is on the site. Also at the site is a Methodist church and the Mountain Creek Post Office. The home's cemetery rosters, insurance papers, and superintendent reports are available at the Alabama Dept. of Archives and History in Montgomery.

</doc>
<doc id="19739650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739650" title="Aluthgama">
Aluthgama

Aluthgama is a coastal town in Kalutara district in the Western Province of Sri Lanka. Aluthgama is one of the famous town in Sri Lanka for the tourism. Aluthgama Vidyalaya is the main school in this town.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the government railways.

</doc>
<doc id="19739666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739666" title="Second Federal Electoral District of Baja California">
Second Federal Electoral District of Baja California

The Second Federal Electoral District of Baja California "(II Distrito Electoral Federal de Baja California)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of eight such districts in the state of Baja California.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 redistricting process, Baja California's Second District is made of the northeast portion of the municipality of Mexicali, including the eastern section of the homonymous city and other cities in the Mexicali Valley such as Los Algodones.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated,
is the state capital, the city of Mexicali.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, this district corresponded to the western portion of the city of Mexicali and was, at that time, the smallest of the state's electoral districts in terms of geographical area.

</doc>
<doc id="19739700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739700" title="Dixie Davis (baseball)">
Dixie Davis (baseball)

Frank Talmadge "Dixie" Davis (October 12, 1890 – February 4, 1944) was a professional baseball player who played for parts of 10 seasons as a pitcher in the Major leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="19739727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739727" title="Fifth Federal Electoral District of Baja California">
Fifth Federal Electoral District of Baja California

The Fifth Federal Electoral District of Baja California "(V Distrito Electoral Federal de Baja California)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of eight such districts in the state of Baja California.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 redistricting process, it is made up of the central and eastern portions of the city of Tijuana.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Tijuana, Baja California.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, this electoral district covered a similar area to its present limits, except that it extended south as far as Playas de Rosarito, thereby also including a rural area that it has since lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19739728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739728" title="TVB Anniversary Awards (2005)">
TVB Anniversary Awards (2005)

TVB Anniversary Awards 2005 (Traditional Chinese: 2005年度萬千星輝賀台慶) is an award ceremony that celebrates the best in TVB programming of 2005. The award ceremony took place on 19 November 2005.
Best Actor.
"Best Actor in a Leading Role" Award (最佳男主角).
Award presented by: Vivian Chow (周慧敏)
Best Actress.
"Best Actress in a Leading Role" Award (最佳女主角).
Award presented by: Adam Cheng (鄭少秋)
Best Supporting Actor.
"Best Actor in a Supporting Role" Award (最佳男配角).
Award presented by: Bowie Lam (林保怡) & Gigi Lai (黎姿)
Best Supporting Actress.
"Best Actress in a Supporting Role" Award (最佳女配角).
Award presented by: Bowie Lam (林保怡) & Gigi Lai (黎姿)
Most Improved Actor.
"Most Vastly Improved Actor" Award (飛躍進步男藝員).
Award presented by: Chow Sun (周迅)
Most Improved Actress.
"Most Vastly Improved Actress Award (飛躍進步女藝員).
Award presented by: Ji Jin-Hee (池珍熙)
Best Presenter.
"Best Television Presenter" Award (最佳節目主持).
Award presented by: Michael Hui (許冠文)
Best Drama.
"Best Drama" Award (最佳劇集).
Award presented by: Lau Tin Chi (劉天賜)
Best Variety Show.
"Best Variety Show" Award (最佳綜藝資訊節目).
Award presented by: Nancy Sit (薛家燕)
Most Creative Program.
"Most Creative Program" Award (最具創意節目).
Award presented by: Stephen Chan (陳志雲)
Most Enjoyable Program.
"Most Enjoyable Value" Award (最具欣賞價值大獎).
Award presented by: Leung Nai Pang (梁乃鵬)
Best Foreign Program.
"Best Foreign Purchased Program " Award (最佳外購節目).
Award presented by: Simon Yam (任達華)
Best Promotion Clip.
"Best Promotion Clip" Award (最佳綜藝資訊節目).
Award presented by: Jim Chim (詹瑞文)
Lifetime Acting Achievement.
"Lifetime Acting Achievement" Award (萬千光輝演藝大獎).
Award presented by: Christina Lee (利陸雁群)
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19739736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739736" title="Proebsting's paradox">
Proebsting's paradox

In probability theory, Proebsting's paradox is an argument that appears to show that the Kelly criterion can lead to ruin. Although it can be resolved mathematically, it raises some interesting issues about the practical application of Kelly, especially in investing. It was named and first discussed by Edward O. Thorp in 2008.
Statement of the paradox.
If a bet is equally likely to win or lose, and pays b times the stake for a win, the Kelly bet is:
times wealth. For example, if a 50/50 bet pays 2 to 1, Kelly says to bet 25% of wealth. If a 50/50 bet pays 5 to 1, Kelly says to bet 40% of wealth.
Now suppose a gambler is offered 2 to 1 payout and bets 25%. What should he do if the payout on new bets changes to 5 to 1? He should choose "f"* to maximize:
because if he wins he will have 1.5 (the 0.5 from winning the 25% bet at 2 to 1 odds) plus 5"f"*; and if he loses he must pay 0.25 from the first bet, and "f"* from the second. Taking the derivative with respect to "f"* and setting it to zero gives:
which can be rewritten:
So "f"* = 0.225.
The paradox is that the total bet, 0.25 + 0.225 = 0.475, is larger than the 0.4 Kelly bet if the 5 to 1 odds are offered from the beginning. It is counterintuitive that you bet more when some of the bet is at unfavorable odds. Todd Proebsting emailed Ed Thorp asking about this.
Ed Thorp realized the idea could be extended to give the Kelly bettor a nonzero probability of being ruined. He showed that if a gambler is offered 2 to 1 odds, then 4 to 1, then 8 to 1 and so on (2"n" to 1 for "n" = 1 to infinity) Kelly says to bet:
each time. The sum of all these bets is 1. So a Kelly gambler has a 50% chance of losing his entire wealth.
In general, if a bettor makes the Kelly bet on a 50/50 proposition with a payout of b1, and then is offered b2, he will bet a total of:
The first term is what the bettor would bet if offered b2 initially. The second term is positive if f2 > f1, meaning that if the payout improves, the Kelly bettor will bet more than he would if just offered the second payout, while if the payout gets worse he will bet less than he would if offered only the second payout.
Practical application.
Many bets have the feature that payoffs and probabilities can change before the outcome is determined. In sports betting for example, the line may change several times before the event is held, and news may come out (such as an injury or weather forecast) that changes the probability of an outcome. In investing, a stock originally bought at $20 per share might be available now at $10 or $30 or any other price. Some sports bettors try to make income from anticipating line changes rather than predicting event outcomes. Some traders concentrate on possible short-term price movements of a security rather than its long-term fundamental prospects. 
A classic investing example is a trader who has exposure limits, say he is not allowed to have more than $1 million at risk in any one stock. That doesn't mean he cannot lose more than $1 million. If he buys $1 million of the stock at $20 and it goes to $10, he can buy another $500,000. If it then goes to $5, he can buy another $500,000. If it goes to zero (as stocks sometimes do), he can lose an infinite amount of money, despite never having more than $1 million at risk. 
Resolution.
One easy way to dismiss the paradox is to note that Kelly assumes that odds do not change. A Kelly bettor who knows odds might change should factor this into a more complex Kelly bet. For example suppose a Kelly bettor is given a one-time opportunity to bet a 50/50 proposition at odds of 2 to 1. He knows there is a 50% chance that a second one-time opportunity will be offered at 5 to 1. Now he should maximize:
with respect to both "f"1 and "f"2. The answer turns out to be bet zero at 2 to 1, and wait for the chance of betting at 5 to 1, in which case you bet 40% of wealth. If the probability of being offered 5 to 1 odds is less than 50%, some amount between zero and 25% will be bet at 2 to 1. If the probability of being offered 5 to 1 odds is more than 50%, the Kelly bettor will actually make a negative bet at 2 to 1 odds (that is, bet on the 50/50 outcome with payout of 1/2 if he wins and paying 1 if he loses). In either case, his bet at 5 to 1 odds, if the opportunity is offered, is 40% minus 0.7 times his 2 to 1 bet.
This is not entirely satisfactory, however. If a Kelly bettor has incorrect beliefs about what future bets may be offered, he can make suboptimal choices, and even go broke. The Kelly criterion is supposed to do better than any essentially different strategy in the long run and have zero chance of ruin, as long as the bettor knows the probabilities and payouts. The fact that it can be frustrated by unexpected new offers is puzzling. It is also puzzling that the Kelly bettor bets more at blended 2 to 1 and 5 to 1 odds than at 5 to 1 odds, and that it is improving odds that lead to the possibility of ruin.
More light on the issues was shed by an independent consideration of the problem by Aaron Brown, also communicated to Ed Thorp by email. In this formulation, the assumption is the bettor first sells back the initial bet, then makes a new bet at the second payout. In this case his total bet is:
which looks very similar to the fomula above for the Proebsting formulation, except that the sign is reversed on the second term and it is multiplied by an additional term.
For example, given the original example of a 2 to 1 payout followed by a 5 to 1 payout, in this formulation the bettor first bets 25% of wealth at 2 to 1. When the 5 to 1 payout is offered, the bettor can sell back the original bet for a loss of 0.125. His 2 to 1 bet pays 0.5 if he wins and costs 0.25 if he loses. At the new 5 to 1 payout, he could get a bet that pays 0.625 if he wins and costs 0.125 if he loses, this is 0.125 better than his original bet in both states. Therefore his original bet now has a value of -0.125. Given his new wealth level of 0.875, his 40% bet (the Kelly amount for the 5 to 1 payout) is 0.35.
The two formulations are equivalent. In the original formulation, the bettor has 0.25 bet at 2 to 1 and 0.225 bet at 5 to 1. If he wins, he gets 2.625 and if he loses he has 0.525. In the second formulation, the bettor has 0.875 and 0.35 bet at 5 to 1. If he wins, he gets 2.625 and if he loses he has 0.525.
The second formulation makes clear that the change in behavior results from the mark-to-market loss the investor experiences when the new payout is offered. This is a natural way to think in finance, less natural to a gambler. In this interpretation, the infinite series of doubling payouts does not ruin the Kelly bettor by enticing him to overbet, it extracts all his wealth through changes beyond his control.

</doc>
<doc id="19739758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739758" title="Dive start">
Dive start

A dive start is the action begun at the start of a swimming race. In most strokes, the swimmer jumps off the "diving blocks" after hearing the starting signal. However if it is a backstroke event, the swimmers will be starting in the water. All dives are followed by a streamline just like turning.

</doc>
<doc id="19739765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739765" title="Whiteness in Japanese culture">
Whiteness in Japanese culture

Summary.
Although skin tone differs based on a person's race, those with fair skin have difficulty maintaining skin tone due to melanin production. Bihaku products aim to prevent or reverse skin imperfection and provide a clean and fair complexion.
In Japan the preference for skin that is white and free of blemishes has been around for centuries. There is an old proverb (色の白いは七難隠す "iro no shiroi wa shichinan kakusu") which translates to "white skin covers the seven flaws," meaning a fair-skinned woman is beautiful even if her features are not attractive.
Bihaku products are highly popular among mature women. They are also popular with teenage girls and those in their twenties who desire to look like pop singers, such as Ayumi Hamasaki, and are promoted in numerous youth fashion magazines such as "Popteen" and "S Cawaii!". Bihaku products are also prevalent and a key item in numerous youth subcultures such as gyaru and ageha girls. An opposition to the idea of fair skin beauty grew with the gyaru subculture called "ganguro" in the 1990s although died out in the early 2000s.
Traditionally uguisu no fun was used to lighten and balance skin tone although today it is considered a luxury item. The most popular products often contain sake and rice bran which contain kojic acid.
Method.
The popular method of "bihaku" is to use cosmetics that stop the production of melanin.
For skin whitening cosmetics for use by the public, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare has recognized a combination of active ingredients. These are mainly arbutin and kojic acid. Other ingredients include Vitamin C derivatives, tranexamic acid and ten-odd other types. Many of these active ingredients work through inhibiting catechol oxidase. Some types of BB cream, VIORIS products are also said to have skin whitening effects which contributes to the popularity of the cream in Asian markets.
As for other methods of skin whitening, other decolorizing chemicals can be used. Aesthetic skin decolorizing surgeries can also be performed, but excessive cleansings can cause a number of problems, such as facial inflammation, but in the 2000s this is in decline. Historically, the droppings of the Japanese bush-warbler () have been used as an ingredient in face-washes for whitening skin.

</doc>
<doc id="19739769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739769" title="Do the Bart">
Do the Bart

"Do the Bart" is a single from 2 Live Crew from their album "Banned in the U.S.A." It has relatively little profanity compared to most of their songs. The song is about a dance.
Success.
It reached No. 76 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Unlike some of their other singles, especially "Me So Horny," "Do the Bart" had virtually no controversy.
Music video.
The music video starts off with two men with Bart Simpson-style hairdos coming up saying they will "do the bart." The two men then do the dance they call the "Bart" and Fresh Kid Ice and Brother Marquis are shown rapping while women in swimsuits are shown dancing.

</doc>
<doc id="19739804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739804" title="Sean Spencer">
Sean Spencer

Sean James Spencer (born May 29, 1975 in Seattle, Washington) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher for the Seattle Mariners and Montreal Expos.
Spencer was drafted out of the University of Washington, where he played college baseball for the Huskies from 1994–1995, by his hometown Seattle Mariners in the 40th round of the 1996 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his major league debut with the Mariners on May 6, , pitching 1/3 of an inning and giving up 2 earned runs against the Cleveland Indians. On August 10, , Spencer was announced as the first of two PTBNLs traded to the Montreal Expos for Chris Widger. In 8 games for Montreal, he struck out 6 and had an ERA of 5.40. The Expos released him on July 19, . On July 25, , Spencer signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles and pitched in the minors for them until his retirement after the season.
Spencer played for Greece in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19739810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739810" title="Harry J. Lipkin">
Harry J. Lipkin

Harry Jeannot Lipkin (born June 16, 1921), also known as Zvi Lipkin, is an Israeli theoretical physicist specializing in nuclear physics and elementary particle physics. He is a recipient of the prestigious Wigner Medal.
Biography.
Lipkin was born in the United States and attended high school in Rochester, New York. He studied electrical technology at Cornell University, also attending physics courses by Hans Bethe and Bruno Rossi, and graduated in 1942. During the Second World War he worked as an engineer at the MIT Radiation Laboratory, developing a radar receiver. In 1956 he was awarded a doctoral degree from Princeton, where he studied under David Bohm. Lipkin described his experiments as the first to show that positrons could be described by the Dirac equation.
In 1950 Lipkin emigrated to Israel with his wife Malka, partly to become involved with the Kibbutz movement. Instead of agricultural work, the Israeli government assigned him to spend a year at CEA Saclay, a French Atomic Energy Commission facility, to acquire knowledge to support the planned opening of Israel's first nuclear reactor at Dimona. In 1954 he returned to work in Israel, establishing the country's first course in nuclear physics at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot. Between 1956 and 1958 he served as an advisor to the United Nations Atomic Energy Commission. In later years he worked frequently with the Argonne National Laboratory in the USA. In 2007 Lipkin was working at the Weizmann Institute and at the Sackler Institute of the University of Tel Aviv.
Research.
Lipkin is noted for his applications of group theory in physics and his modelling of the quark during the 1960s. His book "Lie Groups for Pedestrians" was widely used and inspired a number of further essays and books in physics, its name anticipating a later well-known book series "For Dummies".
During the 1980s Lipkin began working with educational theorist Nira Altalef to develop LITAF, a method for teaching children to read, in response to the particular challenges Israeli educators faced in teaching classes of children from multilingual immigrant populations to read.
In 1957 Lipkin and the virologist Alexander Kohn founded the science parody magazine "Journal of Irreproducible Results" after convening the first international conference for nuclear physics in Israel. The journal inspired the rival "Annals of Improbable Research", from which were to emerge the IgNobel Prize awards.
Lipkin received the Rothschild Prize in 1973, the Kaplun Prize in 1980, a Sackler Scholarship in 1992-1993, a Weizmann Prize of the City of Tel Aviv in 1994, and the Wigner Medal in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19739814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739814" title="Arbekacin">
Arbekacin

Arbekacin (INN) is a semisynthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic. It is primarily used for the treatment of infections caused by multi-resistant bacteria including methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus" (MRSA). Arbekacin was originally synthesized from dibekacin in 1973. It has been registered and marketed in Japan since 1990 under the trade name Habekacin. Arbekacin is no longer covered by patent and generic versions of the drug are also available under such trade names as Decontasin and Blubatosine.
Pharmacology.
Arbekacin is used for the short term treatment of multi-resistant bacterial infections, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA).
Pharmacodynamics.
Aminoglycosides, such as Arbekacin, work by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of t-RNA which consequently, leaves the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth. Energy is needed for aminoglycoside uptake into the bacterial cell. Anaerobes have less energy available for this uptake, so aminoglycosides are less active against anaerobes. Aminoglycosides are useful primarily in infections involving aerobic, gram-negative bacteria, such as Pseudomonas, Acinetobacter, and Enterobacter.
Mechanism of action.
Aminoglycosides, such as '"Arbekacin", inhibit protein synthesis in susceptible bacteria by irreversibly binding to bacterial 30S and 16S ribosomal subunits. Specifically Arbekacin binds to four nucleotides of 16S rRNA and a single amino acid of protein S12. This interferes with decoding site in the vicinity of nucleotide 1400 in 16S rRNA of 30S subunit. This region interacts with the wobble base in the anticodon of tRNA. This leads to misreading of mRNA so incorrect amino acids are inserted into the polypeptide leading to nonfunctional or toxic peptides and the breakup of polysomes into nonfunctional monosomes.
Absorption.
Aminoglycosides are not well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract. Their absorption is markedly improved by parenteral administration.
Toxicity.
Ototoxicity and nephrotoxicity are the most serious adverse effects of aminoglycoside therapy and are more likely to occur in patients with a history of renal impairment or who are receiving other ototoxic and/or nephrotoxic drugs. Normal duration of IM or IV aminoglycoside therapy is 7–10 days. Although a longer duration may be necessary in some cases, toxicity is more likely to occur when aminoglycoside treatment is continued for longer than 10 days.
Affected organisms.
Enteric bacteria and other eubacteria

</doc>
<doc id="19739825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739825" title="Princess Maria di Grazia of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Princess Maria di Grazia of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Princess Maria di Grazia (Full Italian name: "Maria delle Grazie Pia Chiara Anna Teresa Isabella Luitgarda Apollonia Agata Cecilia Filomena Antonia Lucia Cristina Caterina di Borbone" ) (12 August 1878, Cannes, France – 20 June 1973, Mandelieu-la-Napoule, France) was a Princess of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and Princess Imperial consort of Brazil through her marriage to Prince Luiz of Orléans-Braganza.
Family.
Maria was the daughter of Prince Alfonso of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Caserta and his wife Princess Antonietta of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Marriage and issue.
Maria married Prince Luiz Maria of Orléans-Braganza, son of Prince Gaston of Orléans, Count of Eu and his wife Isabel, Princess Imperial of Brazil, on 4 November 1908 in Cannes, France. Maria and Luiz had three children:
Later life.
Dom Luiz died in 1920 leaving Maria a widow for the remainder of her life. In 1922, Maria accompanied the Brazilian Imperial Family to Brazil for the country's centennial celebrations of its independence. During the course of the trip, the Count of Eu died while recumbent upon her shoulder.
Titles, styles, honours and arms.
Titles.
"The Princess's full style and title after her marriage was : "Her Imperial Highness" Princess Maria delle Grazia Pia Chiara Anna Teresa Isabella Luitgarda Apollonia Agata Cecilia Filomena Antonia Lucia Cristina Caterina di Borbone of Bourbon-Two Sicillies, Princess of Orléans-Braganza, Princess Imperial Consort of Brazil"

</doc>
<doc id="19739862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739862" title="First Federal Electoral District of Baja California Sur">
First Federal Electoral District of Baja California Sur

The First Federal Electoral District of Baja California Sur "(I Distrito Electoral Federal de Baja California Sur)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of two such districts in the state of Baja California Sur.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
It comprises the municipalities of Comondú, Loreto, Mulegé, and the westernmost two-thirds of the municipality of La Paz.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Santa Rosalía, Baja California Sur.
Previous districting schemes.
Before Baja California Sur acquired statehood in 1974 and was still a Federal Territory, it was entitled to return only one deputy to Congress; the district known as the Sole District of the Southern Territory of Baja California "(Distrito único del Territorio Sur de Baja California)" therefore covered the whole of modern-day Baja California Sur. The state's First Federal Electoral District is considered the successor of the territory's Sole District.

</doc>
<doc id="19739890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739890" title="Stefan Forbes">
Stefan Forbes

Stefan Forbes is an American writer and film director. His first feature film was the 2008 documentary film "", about the life of political operative Lee Atwater.
Forbes also directed the one-hour documentary "One More Dead Fish", about environmentally friendly handline fishermen in Canada who seized a federal building and barricaded themselves inside for 26 days.

</doc>
