<doc id="19539322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539322" title="Suntale">
Suntale

Suntale is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,843 persons living in 307 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539328" title="Tempa, Nepal">
Tempa, Nepal

Tempa is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,149 persons living in 748 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539329" title="1997–98 Serie B">
1997–98 Serie B

This article contains information on the 1997-1998 season of Serie B, the second highest football league in Italy.
Promotion tie-breaker.
A.C. Perugia promoted to Serie A 1998-99.

</doc>
<doc id="19539331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539331" title="Woplukha">
Woplukha

Waplukha is a Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,571 persons living in 484 individual households. A famous player killer originated from this area, his name is Themaxruler.

</doc>
<doc id="19539338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539338" title="Wopung">
Wopung

Wopung is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,854 persons living in 508 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539341" title="Col Hebbard">
Col Hebbard

Colin 'Col' Hebbard (born 10 November 1936) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Hebbard, a West Australian, was recruited to Essendon as number 4, from Perth club Mount Hawthorn. He shared his VFL debut with future star John Birt and participated in both Essendon's losing Grand Finals of 1957 and 1959. Over the course of his five seasons he played mostly as a half forward and half back.
After leaving Essendon he turned to the WANFL and began playing at West Perth. He made a total of 93 senior appearances for the club, some beside his brothers Neville and Robert. During the 1960s he represented Western Australia in six interstate matches, four of them in the 1966 Hobart Carnival.

</doc>
<doc id="19539342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539342" title="Aleksandr Salugin">
Aleksandr Salugin

Aleksandr Sergeyevich Salugin (; born 23 October 1988) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. Until October 18, 2009, he was the youngest player ever to score a goal in the Russian Premier League (he scored a goal for PFC CSKA Moscow on November 19, 2005 in a game against Alania Vladikavkaz when he was 17 years 27 days old). That record was surpassed by Zhano Ananidze.

</doc>
<doc id="19539355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539355" title="Alive (Natalie Bassingthwaighte song)">
Alive (Natalie Bassingthwaighte song)

"Alive" is the first single by Natalie Bassingthwaighte, taken from her debut album "1000 Stars". The song's musical-genre is pop and its lyrics describe being free, taking chances and making love. The song was released as the album's first single in late 2008 (see 2008 in music) and entered the top twenty on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart.
The song was written in Los Angeles in the last week of Bassingthwaighte writing for her album which was also the last writing session with Birgisson and Frampton. Bassingthwaighte states that it was really hard to write the song because they wanted to write something that was "just fun" because she felt a song like that was missing from her album.
Music video.
The music video for "Alive" was directed by Anthony Rose and filmed on 20 October 2008. The video features Bassingthwaighte dressed in multiple outfits and wigs. It begins with Bassingthwaighte sitting on a purple chair wearing a blond wig. She is the shown in a black and red dress dancing in front of a black background. The third sequence of the video was filmed in black and white and features Bassingthwaighte wearing an afro. This is followed by scenes of her on a swing wearing a red wig and dancing with two male dancers (brothers Hilton and David Denis who featured in "So You Think You Can Dance Australia"). The video premiered in Australia on 6 November 2008.
Release and promotion.
Bassingthwaighte premiered "Alive" during a performance on the Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards 2008 held in Melbourne, Australia on 11 October 2008. In October 2008, she performed the song at the after-party for the stage show "Priscilla, Queen of the Desert". Bassingthwaighte also performed "Alive" during Australia's 2009 New Years Eve party in Sydney.
"Alive" was released as a digital download on 18 October 2008. On 15 November 2008, it was released as a CD single and digital EP which included remixes and a previously unreleased song, "Remember Me". The song was released as a digital download for "SingStar" via the PlayStation Network in November 2009.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Alive".
iTunes single
CD single / iTunes EP
Charts performance.
"Alive" debuted on the Australian Singles Chart on 27 October 2008 at number thirty-nine. Twelve weeks later it reached number eight and has since been certified platinum. The track reached number six on the Australian Physical Singles Chart, number two on the Australia Artists Chart and number seven on the Digital Tracks Chart.
The song was the seventy third highest selling single on the ARIA End of Year Chart for 2008. "Alive" also reached number eighty-three on the Highest Selling Physical Single of 2008 Chart, number sixty-one on the Highest Selling Digital Tracks of 2008 Chart and number nineteen on the Highest Selling Australian Artists Singles of 2008 Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19539365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539365" title="Yamkhya">
Yamkhya

Yamkhya is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,132 persons living in 563 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19539374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539374" title="Sir Valentine Browne, 3rd Viscount Kenmare">
Sir Valentine Browne, 3rd Viscount Kenmare

Sir Valentine Browne, 5th Baronet, 3rd Viscount Kenmare (born March 1695 - died 30 June 1736) was the son of Sir Nicholas Browne, 2nd Viscount Kenmare, and his wife, Helen. After the death of his father in 1720, he succeeded to the family estates which had been under the management of John Asgill because his grandfather Sir Valentine Browne was a supporter of the Jacobite cause who took part in the Battle of Aughrim. For this he was attainted and the family estates forfeited. 
The inheritance to which he succeeded was deep in debt due to mismanagement by Asgill. The difficulty experienced in meeting the heavy encumbrances on the impoverished estate fostered disputes in the family and drove close relatives into law with each other, much of which was both protracted and costly. It is possible that this financial difficulty caused him to refuse the requests of the poet Aodhagán Ó Rathaille to restore his land to him. This refusal caused Ó Rathaille to compose a bitter and mournful poem in which he launches a vitriolic attack on Browne. In later years however, the estate gained a sound financial position after portions of it were sold. 
Marriages.
Valentine Browne married, firstly, Honora Butler, daughter of Colonel Thomas Butler and Lady Margaret Bourke, in November 1720. Honora Butler died of smallpox in 1730. He married, secondly, Mary FitzGerald, daughter of Sir Maurice FitzGerald, in October 1735.
Children.
He had two children: a son, Thomas, by his first marriage, and a daughter from his second marriage.
Death.
He died on 30 June 1736, aged 41.

</doc>
<doc id="19539378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539378" title="Stéphane Mangione">
Stéphane Mangione

Stéphane Mangione (born 25 December 1979 in Chenôve) is a French football player who plays for US Orléans.
Career.
Mangione began his career with FC Valenciennes and, in the summer of 1999, joined Dijon FC. He spent a decade at the club and, during the 2003–04 season, had a loan stint at Nîmes Olympique. On 10 November 2009, Mangione signed with Amiens SC on a free transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="19539381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539381" title="Doghouse (film)">
Doghouse (film)

Doghouse is a 2009 British horror comedy and splatter film.
A group of men travels to a remote village in England for a 'boys' weekend'. Upon their arrival, they find out that all the women in the town have been transformed into ravenous man-eaters — literally.
Plot.
Vince (Stephen Graham) is depressed over his recent divorce. Six of his friends—Neil (Danny Dyer), Mikey (Noel Clarke), Graham (Emil Marwa), Matt (Lee Ingleby), Patrick (Keith-Lee Castle) and Banksy (Neil Maskell), all of whom have their own women problems—decide to take him on a "boy's weekend". They hire a minibus driven by Candy (Christina Cole) to Moodley, a village where the women allegedly outnumber the men 4 to 1. Banksy misses the bus and travels to the town on his own.
Arriving at the town, the boys find it quiet and surprisingly devoid of women. On the way back to the minibus, the men notice a hooded teenage girl Alison Carroll being attacked by a man in military uniform. They rush to her aid and in the confusion of the moment, the hooded teen takes the soldier's knife and stabs Neil. They run for the bus dragging the unconscious soldier with them but discover that Candy, their once-hot bus driver has already become infected. More infected women appear and begin to attack them as they retreat to a house owned by Mikey's grandmother. The soldier (Terry Stone) admits that the town has been infected by a biological agent that turns women into cannibals.
The men make another attempt to get on the bus, using the wounded Neil to lure Candy away. However two other infected women had joined her and chase the men back into the streets. They scatter about the village, hiding in a toy store, a clothes shop, and the butcher shop. Patrick gets trapped on a billboard. Neil runs into a house but is taken prisoner by a morbidly obese woman who cuts off his little finger and eats it. Neil eventually escapes and is joined by the others, after their own misadventures, in the local church. There they discover a military command center. Matt powers up the computers and they talk briefly to a local politician, Meg Nut (Mary Tamm). She had been involved in the distribution of the toxin disguised as biological washing powder. The soldier finds a control box and explains it is a sonar device designed to emit a high pitched sound that will stun the zombified women once they have evolved further into "Phase 2" monsters that are faster, more intelligent and weirder. The women so change but when the soldier uses the sonar device it is revealed to have stopped working. He is then killed by Mikey's grandmother, before Matt bludgeons the monster-nan to death with a golf club. Traumatized by what he has done, Matt walks off to 'cool it off' and is killed by a "Phase 2" monster which had appeared from the basement of the Church. After finding a nest with woman feasting on the bodies of men in the basement, the men barricade themselves on the roof of the church as more zombies break in.
Banksy eventually arrives at Moodley. Although at first he believes his friends to be high on drugs, he soon recognizes the seriousness of the situation and fetches a ladder to get them off the roof. Graham is then attacked by the morbidly obese woman. Banksy leads the surviving group to his vehicle—a small Smart car, definitely not big enough for all of them. As they all argue Patrick is attacked and dies a bloody death. Everyone else heads to the minibus, where Banksy is killed as Vince fights off Candy. Vince berates Neil and Mikey, who treat their women poorly but get away with it, while men like him and their dead friends treat women with respect, only to be discarded or killed. He resolves to be more like them. Before they can drive away, the voice of the still-alive Graham crackles over the walkie-talkie. As he makes his way out from the church Graham powers up the stun-device using a high-voltage power supply. With it now working, the men are able to stop the women in their tracks; however, Vince inadvertently drops and breaks it. The infected are once again unleashed and, with the injured Graham in a shopping trolley, the four make a run for it, laughing.
Production.
The film was written by Dan Schaffer, directed by Jake West.
Critical response.
The film received mixed reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes it has a 48% rating from 23 reviews counted. Mark Adams from "The Sunday Mirror" described this film as "A nicely gory comedy-horror flick that is a diverting bit of lads' entertainment." Other reviewers disagreed. Jason Solomans OF "The Observer" called it "A dim zombie movie." Catherine Shoard of "The Guardian" wrote "... undeniable misogyny and a definite creative bankruptcy. So is it fun enough to compensate? Just about" and gave it a rating of 2 stars out of five.
Michael Dwyer of "The Irish Times" gave it only 1 out of 5 stars. Critics noted the films release closely followed after "Lesbian Vampire Killers", another 2009 British comedy horror film, and complained that ideas were borrowed from "Shaun of the Dead".
Release.
The film was released in the United Kingdom on 12 June 2009 and was released in the U.S. as a video on demand production.

</doc>
<doc id="19539385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539385" title="Holm Hansen Munthe">
Holm Hansen Munthe

Holm Hansen Munthe (1848 - 1898) was a Norwegian architect.
Between 1878 and 1885 he cooperated with Henrik Nissen. From 1889 he worked for the "Holmenkol-Voxenkol-Selskabet", among others drawing the well-known Frognerseteren restaurant in the so-called dragon style. 
Emperor Wilhelm II of Germany, vacationing in Norway, noticed these buildings and commissioned the erection of his Rominten Hunting Lodge in East Prussia; however these buildings were largely destroyed after World War II, remnants of the Lodge are used as the seat of the administration at the Kaliningrad Central Park. The Kongsnæs' sailors station in Potsdam was partially destroyed in 1945. Currently it is planned to re-erect the complete complex.
In 1898 Munthe was appointed city architect in Kristiania, but he died before actually assuming office.

</doc>
<doc id="19539389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539389" title="June Panic">
June Panic

June Panic is an American singer-songwriter from Grand Forks, North Dakota.
Biography.
June Panic first began performing and recording in 1990, and released his early material on cassette tape for the label 3 Out of 4 Records. His first CD was the initial release for the label Secretly Canadian; he released several full-length albums with the label. In 2007, he released a triple album containing 48 songs he had originally recorded on a four track and released between 1991 and 1996.
Panic plays every instrument on his releases. His lyrics often contain intentionally twisted or idiosyncratic imagery, a trait noted by reviewers.
Current live backup band:
Dom Marks - Drums/Percussion
Chris Nelson - Bass Guitar
Amanda Panic - Bass Guitar, Glockenspiel, Backup vocals

</doc>
<doc id="19539396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539396" title="Leonid Spiridonov">
Leonid Spiridonov

Leonid Spiridonov (born on December 16, 1980 in Yakutsk) is a male freestyle wrestler from Kazakhstan. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He lost bronze medal fight against Sushil Kumar from India and was ranked on 4-5th place.
At Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2004 Summer Olympics he was ranked on 4th place as well.
He also pariticpated in 2006 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19539402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539402" title="M. A. Bayfield">
M. A. Bayfield

Matthew Albert Bayfield (17 June 1852 – 2 August 1922) was an English classical scholar, author, headmaster, clergyman and spiritualist. Bayfield is best known for his commentaries on classical Greek texts as well his writing on the subject of poetry. His works include "The Measures Of The Poets" (1919) and "A Study of Shakespeare's Versification" (1920). Bayfield collaborated with Walter Leaf and Arthur Woollgar Verrall on numerous commentaries on the works of Sophocles, Homer and Euripides.
After studying classics at Clare College, Cambridge, Bayfield taught at Malvern College where he composed the school song, "Carmen Malvernense". Later he became headmaster of Eastbourne College and Christ College, Brecon, and rector of Hertingfordbury, Hertfordshire. Despite being a clergyman, he was a keen spiritualist, believing that "everyone is a spiritualist who is not a materialist, and Christianity itself is essentially a spiritualistic religion".
Bayfield's wife Helen was the sister of Duncan Boyes, who won the Victoria Cross at Shimonoseki in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="19539423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539423" title="Florian Jarjat">
Florian Jarjat

Florian Jarjat is a French football player (born 18 February 1980 in Valence, Drôme), he currently plays for Troyes AC as a left defender.
Career.
He played for SC Bastia too. On 15 July 2009 FC Nantes have signed the former Dijon FCO left-back on a free transfer and on a one-year deal. After just one season the 30-year old defender left FC Nantes to sign a three-year deal with ES Troyes.

</doc>
<doc id="19539424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539424" title="Edward Henderson">
Edward Henderson

Edward Henderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19539441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539441" title="Édgar Velásquez">
Édgar Velásquez

Edgar Velásquez (born 3 April 1974 in Tucupita) is a retired boxer from Venezuela. He competed in the men's light flyweight (– 48 kg) division during the early 1990s.
Velasquez is best known for having won the gold medal as an amateur in his weight category at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, Argentina. He made his professional debut on November 27, 1996, defeating Juanito Rubillar in the Korakuen Hall in Tokyo, Japan.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19539449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539449" title="Sébastien Larcier">
Sébastien Larcier

Sébastien Larcier (born 29 August 1977) is a French football midfielder.
Career.
Born in Mont-Saint-Aignan, Larcier began playing football in Championnat National for Pacy Vallée-d'Eure and Olympique Alès before joining Dijon FCO, where he played four seasons in Ligue 2 as a defensive midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="19539468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539468" title="2005–06 Lebanese Premier League">
2005–06 Lebanese Premier League

The 2005–06 Season of the Lebanese Premier League was the 58th season of Top-Flight League association football in Lebanon. This season featured ten clubs once more from across the nation. Three of these teams were eligible for competing in international competitions(AFC Cup for first Position and FA Cup Winners while second and third enter the Arab Champions League with a fourth spot reserved for the winner of the 2005–06 Lebanese Cup) while the bottom team at the end of the season would be relegated to make way for third teams from the 2005–06 Second Division for the expanded 12-team Premier League in the 2006–07 Season.
Final table.
"Table as of 13 May 2006."
Top scorers.
"Correct as of 13 May 2006."

</doc>
<doc id="19539469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539469" title="5 Camelopardalis">
5 Camelopardalis

5 Camelopardalis is a star in double system in the constellation Camelopardalis.

</doc>
<doc id="19539482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539482" title="Chemical equator">
Chemical equator

The chemical equator concept was coined in 2008 when researchers from University of York discovered a distinct divide between the polluted air over Indonesia from the largely uncontaminated atmosphere over Australia.
The divide of the atmosphere of the northern hemisphere from the atmosphere of the southern hemisphere is different from that of the Intertropical Convergence Zone.

</doc>
<doc id="19539500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539500" title="Sartodi">
Sartodi

Sartodi is small village in Maharashtra. Its located in Thane district in Palghar Taluka. Village was in sleeping conditions for years. Politicians used it for voting but never raised a helping hand. Since 2008 there have been improvements in water supply and transport.
Sartodi is reached by Auto Rikshaw from Saphale railway station on the Western Railway (cost 25 to 30Rs per trip).
Nature: Morning and evening is best time to roam around the village. There are two small hills which give good views of the village and forest area surrounding it on one side. Karwale dam is another notable point about 1 km from the village, and has a small picnic spot, but no restaurants or other facilities around it.

</doc>
<doc id="19539505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539505" title="St Paul's, Burton upon Trent">
St Paul's, Burton upon Trent

St Paul’s Church is an Anglican church on St Paul's Square, Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire England. The church opened in 1874 and was designed by the architects James M. Teale and Edmund Beckett Denison, with later additions by G.F. Bodley. Since 2005, St Paul’s has been part of a parish with St Aidan's, Shobnall. It is in the diocese of Lichfield.
History.
A mission in Borough Road, Burton was opened in 1865 from Christ Church at the suggestion of Michael Thomas Bass. By 1872 the mission was known as St Paul's and in 1873, it was assigned an ecclesiastical district, created out of the parishes of Christ Church, Holy Trinity, and St Modwen's. A new church, St Paul’s, was opened in 1874 on a site soon known as St Paul's Square, with Michael Thomas Bass paying for the erection of the church and vicarage at a cost of £50,000.(£ as of ) . The church was consecrated on 7 April 1874 by the Bishop of Lichfield, George Augustus Selwyn.
The building.
St Paul's church was built to the design of J.M. Teale of Doncaster with assistance from Sir Edmund Beckett Denison (later Edmund Beckett, 1st Baron Grimthorpe). It uses Coxbench and Ancaster stone in a geometrical, decorated style. The shape is of a cruciform with an aisled three-bay chancel, quatrefoil in cross section and five-bay nave, as well as north and south transepts, and a square central tower. The central tower, of 123 ft, houses a ring of ten bells; the original eight bells were recast in 1912 and two further bells were added in 1922.
The column capitals and label stops throughout the church were designed by a S. Tinkler of Derby and show naturalistic foliage, fruit, and animals with those in the nave representing the twelve months of the year. All the windows have early decorated style tracery, with ballflower ornamentation in the chancel. The nave and transept clerestories have triple lancets, while the clerestories in the chancel have carved spherical triangles. The nave roof has traceried spandrels and principals supported on clustered wall shafts. There are six windows (one in the south aisle and five in the narthex) designed in an Arts and Crafts style by Archibald and Davies of the Bromsgrove Guild. They date from 1919–34.
Between 1889 and 1901 the eastern arm and south transept were considerably altered to the design of George Frederick Bodley, at the expense of Michael Bass, 1st Baron Burton. In 1889, the south chancel aisle was converted into a chapel for daily services and two years later an external sacristy was added on the north side of the chancel with an internal porch added to the south transept door.
The chancel and sanctuary roof were painted and a canopy was added to the original large circular stone pulpit. The organ case, in the south transept, was richly decorated by Bodley. The chancel floor was also relaid with red and white marble. The original reredos (now in St Christopher's, Ellistown) was replaced by one designed by ecclesiastical and architectural sculptor Robert Bridgeman that depicted the Crucifixion in a central panel of red shawk stone surrounded by the saints.
A number of other changes were made in the 20th century, paid for primarily by parishioners. A western narthex was added in 1910 as a memorial to Baron Burton, who had died the previous year in 1909. A calvary war memorial was erected in the churchyard in 1920 and a bishop's chair of stone was built into the sanctuary wall in 1931. The two west bays of the nave and the narthex were converted into a church hall in 1979 and at the same time several items were added from the former chapel of ease of St Margaret, including a wooden lectern by Morris and Co., a painting of the Crucifixion which was placed by the south door, and statues of Alpha and Omega which were added to the south chancel aisle chapel. 
Arthur Mee wrote of the decoration of St Paul's: “All is nobly rich and beautiful in this wonderful church.” 
In 1950 the church became a Grade II* listed building.
Organ.
In 1894-5 the original three manual organ, by William Hill & Sons of London, was replaced by a four manual organ, one of the first to be built entirely by the Hope-Jones Electric Organ Company Ltd. The Hope-Jones organ was itself replaced in 1985 when parts were removed to the Lancastrian Theatre Organ Trust's museum in Manchester. The Hill organ was moved to Trinity Methodist Church, in George Street in 1896, and then in 2012 to Sankt-Afra-Kirche in the Berlin suburb of Gesundbrunnen. 
The church now contains an organ formerly in the Central Methodist Church, Saltergate, Chesterfield. The specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19539520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539520" title="Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres

The men's C-1 500 metres event was an open-style, individual canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
Twelve competitors were entered, but one withdrew. Held on July 30, the top three finishers in each heat moved on to the final with the others were relegated to the semifinal.
Semifinal.
A semifinal was held on August 1 with the top three finishers advancing to the final.
Final.
The final took place on August 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19539537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539537" title="Bryggeriet Djævlebryg">
Bryggeriet Djævlebryg

Bryggeriet Djævlebryg (Danish for "The Devil's Brew Brewery") is a Danish microbrewery established in June 2006. The brewery is a so-called phantom brewery and currently brews its beers at Herslev Bryghus near Roskilde. From 2006–2009 the beers were brewed at Brøckhouse in Hillerød.
History.
The brewery started as just a hobby for the brothers Rune and Stinus Lindgreen who began to make their own beer in their mother's kitchen back in 2003. After a few years of experimenting, a friend of theirs, Per Olaf Huusfeldt, suggested that they should consider establishing a microbrewery in order to get the beers out to a broader audience.
In June 2006 – on the date 06.06.06 – the brewery was formally established under the name "Bryggeriet Djævlebryg Aps". This of course attracted the local media in Kongens Lyngby where the brewery originates. Initially, actual brewing was carried out at the Danish microbrewery Brøckhouse, and later at the Herslev brewery. The slogan "Satans gode øl" – roughly meaning "Devilishly good beers" – can be found on all bottles.
The founders of the brewery all have backgrounds in the natural sciences, and they approach the brewing process with a combination of respect for the good taste and an academic knowledge about what is going on in process. The name of the brewery plays on two things: First of all, the Devil in Western mythology represents the good (or sinful) things in life including alcoholic beverages, and secondly, there are so many monasteries brewing beers that they need some opposition. Both the name of the brewery and the names they use for the individual beers are tongue-in-cheek.
The brewery has received quite a lot of attention from the media and respect from beer geeks worldwide. As of 2012 the brewery exports to Sweden, Finland and the US.
Types of beers.
As of November 2010, the brewery has the following beers on the market:
Media coverage.
The brewery released the imperial stout Gudeløs (meaning "Godless") at the European Beer Festival 2008. The beer is made in collaboration with the Danish Atheist Society, and the brewery donates 1 Danish krone to the society for each beer sold. This "atheism beer" created some discussion on the internet, even before the release, where it attracted the attention of atheists from all over the world. Most notably, P.Z. Myers mentioned it on his blog Pharyngula, and a thread was started on the Richard Dawkins message board discussing the beer. 
The release of the Godless beer was mentioned by the Danish Beer Academy, and gave rise to a number of articles in Danish newspapers as well as a clip in the news on national Danish television. Even in Norway and as far away as USA, this beer made the news.
Before Godless was released, Djævlebryg still made the news on a regular basis.

</doc>
<doc id="19539538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539538" title="Liu Yan (chancellor)">
Liu Yan (chancellor)

Liu Yan (劉晏) ( 715/716 – August 12, 780), courtesy name Shi'an (士安), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who served briefly as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Daizong — but who was more known for his reforms in the Tang salt monopoly and food transportation systems, credited with allowing the Tang economy to recover after the disastrous Anshi Rebellion. In 780, during the reign of Emperor Daizong's son Emperor Dezong, after the chancellor Yang Yan made a series of false accusations against him, he was first demoted and then executed.
Background.
Liu Yan was born in 715 or 716. His family was from Cao Prefecture (曹州, in modern Heze, Shandong), and traced its ancestry to Liu Jiao (劉交), a younger brother of Han Dynasty's founder Emperor Gao. His great-great-grandfather Liu Jin (劉晉) served as a county magistrate during Tang Dynasty's predecessor Sui Dynasty, and his great-grandfather Liu Yu (劉郁) served as an imperial scholar early in Tang. His grandfather Liu Gong (劉功) served as a county magistrate, while his father Liu Zhihui (劉知晦) served as a county secretary general.
During Emperor Xuanzong's reign.
When Emperor Xuanzong offered sacrifices at Mount Tai in 725, Liu Yan, then a child, wrote a song and submitted it to Emperor Xuanzong. Emperor Xuanzong was amazed, and he had his chancellor Zhang Shuo test Liu's knowledge. Zhang was also impressed and stated, "This is a sign of fortune for the empire." He made Liu a scribe in the imperial government, at his young age, and Liu became referred to as the "godly child." The honored men all rushed to invite him to their households.
During Emperor Xuanzong's "Tianbao" era (742–756), Liu became the magistrate of Xia County (夏縣, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi). Xia County was a key point for transportation of supplies to the Tang capital Chang'an, and it was said that while Liu did not supervise the transportation of supplies through his county in a harsh manner, the supplies were nevertheless always on time. After receiving a recommendation, he was then made the magistrate of Wen County (溫縣, in modern Jiaozuo, Henan). It was said that the people were happy about his governance and made monuments for him. He was later recalled to Chang'an to serve as "Shiyushi" (侍御史), a low-level imperial censor.
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
In 755, the general An Lushan rebelled at Fanyang and by 756, the forces of his new state of Yan were approaching Chang'an, forcing Emperor Xuanzong to flee to Chengdu. Liu Yan fled to Xiangyang. Emperor Xuanzong's son and crown prince Li Heng fled to Lingwu instead, where he was declared emperor (as Emperor Suzong), an act that Emperor Xuanzong recognized. Emperor Xuanzong, however, prior to Emperor Suzong's declaration as emperor, had sent another son, Li Lin the Prince of Yong, to Jianling to oversee the Yangtze River region. When Li Lin arrived at Jiangling, he heard that Liu was at Xiangfan and invited him to serve on his staff. Liu declined, however, and wrote a letter to the chancellor Fang Guan, pointing out that at this point, having imperial princes with great powers would simply bring trouble. Emperor Suzong then issued an edict making Liu the tax collector for the Yangtze-Huai River region. When Liu reached Wu Commandery (吳郡, roughly modern Suzhou, Jiangsu), he heard that Li Lin had rebelled against Emperor Suzong, and therefore met with the surveyor of the region, Li Xiyan (李希言), to confer on how to resist Li Lin. Li Xiyan put Liu in defense of Yuhang Commandery (餘杭, roughly modern Hangzhou, Zhejiang). After Li Xiyan was defeated by Li Lin late in 756, he fled to Yuhang and defended it together with Liu. In 757, after Li Lin was defeated by other Tang generals, he initially considered attacking Yuhang, but after hearing that Liu was defending it, he changed his mind and fled west. (He was eventually captured and killed by another Tang general, Huangfu Shen (皇甫侁).) Liu, however, did not claim credit for the victory. At a later point, Emperor Suzong recalled him to serve as the governor of Pengyuan Commandery (彭原, roughly modern Qingyang, Gansu). He later served as the prefect of Hua Prefecture (華州, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), and then the mayor of Henan Municipality (河南), which encompassed the eastern capital Luoyang. However, as at that time Tang forces were still stalemated against the Yan emperor by that point, Shi Chaoyi (the son of An Lushan's general Shi Siming), and Luoyang was still in Yan hands, Liu's government seat was actually at Changshui (長水, near Luoyang).
By 760, Liu Yan was serving as the mayor of Jingzhao Municipality (京兆), which encompassed Chang'an, when he, because he was believed to be capable in financial matters, was also made the deputy minister of census (戶部侍郎, "Hubu Shilang"), as well as the special director in charge of finance, minting, and salt and iron monopolies. It was said that in these positions, Liu was not harsh but had a good grasp of the big picture, and that he served well.
In 761, the official Yan Zhuang (嚴莊), who had previously served An but later submitted to Tang, was accused of having secret communications with Shi Chaoyi. After Yan was arrested, Liu sent soldiers to guard Yan's mansion, ready to seize it if Yan were found guilty. Yan, however, was soon exonerated, and became resentful of Liu. Yan therefore accused Liu of leaking contents of secret conversations that he had with Emperor Suzong. As a result of these counteraccusations, and also because the chancellor Xiao Hua was jealous of Liu's talents, both Liu and Yan were demoted — in Liu's case, to be the prefect of Tong Prefecture (通州, in modern Dazhou). His financial responsibilities were transferred to Yuan Zai.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Emperor Suzong died in 762 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Daizong. Emperor Daizong recalled Liu Yan to Chang'an to again serve in three posts — deputy minister of census, mayor of Jingzhao Municipality, and special director in charge of finance, minting, salt and iron monopolies, and food shipments. Liu declined the posts of deputy minister of census and mayor of Jingzhao, yielding them to Yan Zhenqing and Yan Wu (嚴武) respectively. In 763, while still serving as special director of the various economy-related matters, he was also made the minister of civil service affairs (吏部尚書, "Libu Shangshu") and given the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto". In 674, however, he was accused of having close association with the eunuch Cheng Yuanzhen — who had been exceedingly powerful but who had been removed in 763 after he was blamed for not warning Emperor Daizong about a Tufan invasion — and he, along with a colleague who had been hated by other eunuchs for his role in Cheng's downfall, Li Xian, were removed from their chancellor posts, with Liu being made a member of the staff of Li Kuo the Crown Prince.
However, later in the year, Liu was put in charge of the affairs of food shipments, taxation, salt and iron monopolies, and food management for the regions of Luoyang, Huai River, and Yangtze River. At that time, the Chang'an region was suffering from a food shortage, after years of warfare. Food supplies coming from the Yangtze region, which had been traveling through Bian River — a canal that connected the Huai River and Yellow River — prior to the Anshi Rebellion, had been unable to travel through it since it had been silted through the years. Instead, the shipments had to travel on the Yangtze River and Han River to Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi), and then over the Qinling Mountains to Chang'an — a much more treacherous and costly route. Liu, hoping to restore the Bian River-Yellow River route, personally travelled through the former route to examine it. He then wrote a detailed report to Yuan Zai, who had become a powerful chancellor by that point, explaining the benefits of the Bian River route. With Yuan's support, he began the project to clear Bian River of silt. Upon the completion of the project, the food supplies for the Chang'an regions became plentiful, even during times of poor harvest. Emperor Daizong, complimenting him, stated, "You, lord, are my Marquess of Zuan" — comparing him to the great Han Dynasty prime minister Xiao He. By 766, Liu was serving as the minister of census (戶部尚書, "Hubu Shangshu"), and that year, the financial matters of the state were divided in halves — with him in charge of the eastern half of the empire, and his deputy Diwu Qi in charge of the western half.
By 777, Yuan and his chancellor colleague Wang Jin, both of whom had become entrenched in their positions and become extremely corrupt, finally wore out Emperor Daizong's patience, and Emperor Daizong had them arrested. He ordered Liu to interrogate them, but Liu, not daring to carry this task out along, proposed that five officials, including himself and the chief imperial censor Li Han (李涵), be appointed. Subsequently, Yuan was executed, but at Liu's suggestion that Wang was less culpable than Yuan, Wang's life was spared, although he was demoted to be a prefectural prefect. Subsequently, Chang Gun replaced Yuan, and Chang, jealous of Liu, suggested to Emperor Daizong that Liu, given his contributions, should be made "Pushe" (僕射) — one of the heads of the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"); Chang did so with the intent that Liu be stripped of his financial responsibilities. Emperor Daizong made Liu "Pushe", but continued to have him be in charge of the financial affairs.
It was said that during the years that Liu was in charge of financial affairs, he carefully selected the officials in charge of financial matters in each region, choosing those who were young, energetic, and talented. Many times, powerful individuals would make recommendations; Liu would take the people that they recommended and put them in honored posts with salaries, but not give them actual responsibilities. It was said that those officials that Liu commissioned were faithful to their tasks and Liu's instructions, even if they were thousands of miles away from the capital.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Emperor Daizong died in 779 and was succeeded by Li Kuo (as Emperor Dezong). At that time, Han Huang was in charge of the financial matters of the western half of the empire (Diwu Qi having been removed from that post in 770). Emperor Dezong, hearing that Han was harsh and excessive, removed Han from his post and gave the responsibilities for the financial matters of the entire empire to Liu Yan. It was said that he improved the salt monopoly system that Diwu had instituted and increased the earnings tenfold, without any additional impositions on the people.
However, Liu was soon in a precarious position. Yang Yan, a protégé of Yuan's, had become the most powerful chancellor and was well-trusted by Emperor Dezong. Yang had previously served under Liu as deputy minister of civil service affairs, and they did not get along with each other; further, Yang blamed Liu for Yuan's death. At that time, there were rumors that Liu had, during Emperor Daizong's reign, suggested to him that he create his favorite concubine, Consort Dugu, empress. (As Consort Dugu was not Emperor Dezong's mother and had her own son, Li Jiong (李迥) the Prince of Han, it was believed that such a move would have potentially endangered Emperor Dezong's position.) Further, many people had been jealous of Liu's long hold on financial matters. Yang, wanting to avenge Yuan, thus took this opportunity to accuse Liu of having endangered Emperor Dezong's position, along with the official Li Gan (黎幹) and the eunuch Liu Zhongyi (劉忠翼) — both of whom had been executed in 779 under the same accusations of having supported Consort Dugu. Yang's chancellor colleague Cui Youfu opposed further investigation of Liu Yan, but still, in spring 780, at Yang's suggestion, Liu Yan was stripped of his special director status, and the financial responsibilities were returned to the bureaus under the ministry of census, which had previously been responsible for such matters. Subsequently, Emperor Dezong demoted Liu to be the prefect of Zhong Prefecture (忠州, in modern Chongqing).
In fall 780, at Yang's inducement, Liu's superior Yu Zhun (庾準) submitted an accusation that Liu had written a letter to the general Zhu Ci, asking for Zhu's help, and that in the letter to Zhu he wrote many complaints about Emperor Dezong. Yu further accused Liu of having requested additional soldiers for his prefecture with the intent to start a rebellion. Yang urged Emperor Dezong to execute Liu. Emperor Dezong agreed, and he sent eunuchs to Zhong Prefecture to secretly strangle Liu to death, before issuing an edict publicly ordering Liu to commit suicide. It was said that the entire empire mourned Liu's death and believed him to be innocent. His family was exiled to the Lingnan region, and his assets were confiscated. (When his assets were booked in order to be confiscated, it was discovered that Liu had been so honest that as an official that he lacked any real wealth, and those who saw this were further impressed by him.) The warlord Li Zhengji, who had been looking for excuses to complain about imperial governance, submitted a petition stating that Liu had been innocently killed and requested that his family be allowed to return to Chang'an — a petition that Emperor Dezong ignored. Nevertheless, because Liu had been careful at selecting officials, particularly those with financial talents, it was said that for decades following his death, the officials in charge of financial affairs were mostly Liu's old subordinates.
In 784, Emperor Dezong, beginning to believe that Liu was in fact innocent, allowed him to be reburied in his home prefecture. In 789, he further made Liu's sons Liu Zhijing (劉執經) and Liu Zongjing (劉宗經) officials. When Liu Zhijing offered to yield his posts in exchange for Liu Yan to be posthumously honored, Emperor Dezong posthumously honored Liu Yan "Situ" (司徒, one of the Three Excellencies).
Liu Xu, the lead editor of the "Book of Tang", commented thus about Liu Yan:

</doc>
<doc id="19539551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539551" title="Chechen State Pedagogical Institute">
Chechen State Pedagogical Institute

The Chechen State Pedagogical Institute is a university in Grozny, Chechnya, Russia.
Background.
Today, the Chechen State Pedagogical Institute is the leading school in the sphere of higher vocational training in Chechnya. The campus is located at 33 Kiev Street, Grozny, Chechen Republic. Special attention is given to personnel maintenance of educational process and improvements of the material base. The Chechen State Pedagogical Institute offers two modes of study: on-campus and correspondences. There are currently 2,984 students enrolled on campus and 2,583 of them are trained by correspondence.
History.
On November 28, 1980, the decision of the Ministerial council of in Grezny was to open the higher educational ,which was named the Chechen State Teacher Training College. The candidate of pedagogical sciences, Professor Umarov Muhari Umarovich, became the first rector of state teacher's college. Beginning in 1994, the republic war caused destructive losses to the institute. The Teacher's college revival, whose educational cases have been thoroughly destroyed, has begun in a dilapidated building of the former kindergarten.
In 2006, by Day of Institute (on November, 28th) the central case on avenue Orzhonikidze, 62 in which began the activity the youngest high school in the republic has become operational.

</doc>
<doc id="19539562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539562" title="ILD Teleservices">
ILD Teleservices

ILD Teleservices, (a division of ILD Corp.) is a clearing house for LEC billing and alternative payment options, such as e-checks, ACH and micro payments. ILD performs payment processing services for communications companies, digital content providers, and other online vendors in North America. Founded in 1996, the company is headquartered in Ponte Vedra, Florida. In recent years, the company has been the subject of many consumer complaints as well as legal action brought by at least two states and the Federal Trade Commission. In 2003, ILD settled with the Federal Trade Commission.
Description.
ILD Teleservices is a leading payment processor for transactions between merchants and consumers. Through contractual relationships with telephone companies like AT&T and Verizon, ILD gives merchants the opportunity to let consumers charge products and services such as long distance, internet access, collect calling, and certain digital content directly to their phone bills.
Instead of purchasing these items with a credit card, disclosing banking accounts or financial information to the merchant, consumers can have a transaction billed directly to their phone. When they do, the merchant sends the buyers transaction information to ILD, and ILD adds the charge to their phone bill. It is a service very similar to what credit card companies provide.
A visual map on the company's website illustrates the role ILD plays in payment processing.
ILD Teleservices has partnered with more than 200 merchant to offer bill to phone payment services, and its network includes more than 1,400 Local Exchange Carriers, including AT&T, Verizon, Qwest, Embarq and others. ILD Teleservices processes in excess of 120 million transactions per year, equating to approximately $.5 billion of third party charges placed on telephone bills.
ILD Teleservices is a division of ILD Corp. [http://www.ildcorp.com], a privately owned and US based outsourcing services company headquartered in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida.
Consumer Protection.
In recent years, ILD has accelerated efforts to protect consumers from unauthorized charges on their telephone bills. The company has launched several initiatives designed to strengthen the security protocols of its service offering and inform consumers on alternative payment methods and ways to avoid unauthorized billing. These include:
Coalition to Ensure Responsible Billing.
In order to protect consumers from unauthorized, deceptive or ambiguous charges on their telephone bills, ILD has adopted the Coalition to Ensure Responsible Billing (CERB)[http://www.cerb.org] Standards of Practice. CERB was created, as noted on its site, “in an effort to fight the proliferation of ‘cramming’ (the addition of charges to a telephone bill for products or services that a consumer did not knowingly authorize).”
Online Self Help Center.
A central component of its comprehensive effort to educate consumers about its Bill to Phone alternative payment method, ILD Teleservices has established a Self Help Center on its site, an online customer service application which is the first of its kind online in the payment processing industry [http://www.ildteleservices.com/resolution-center.html]. The Self Help Center provides a path for consumers to initiate inquiries and resolve transaction issues fast and effectively. Several key questions help guide consumers toward resolution. Consumers can submit inquiries about unrecognized charges, verify credit requests, and find a fast track to cancelling services.
Consumer Education Blog.
In conjunction with its Self-help Center, ILD has launched a blog on its website to keep merchants and consumers informed of its business activities. ILD has played an active role in leading the Bill to Phone industry with the establishment of guidelines for ecommerce transactions on a telephone bill. ILD’s blog [http://www.ildteleservicesblog.com] provides tips, alerts, and other information that helps merchants and consumers alike make more informed decisions, including ways to avoid cramming, advice from the FCC, and articles on what consumers can do to protect themselves against the threat of unauthorized transaction on their telephone bill. Though ILD processes over 120 million transactions each year for buyers and merchants—over a half of a billion dollars in purchases—only a small fraction result in disputes and chargebacks, much like credit cards. When there are disputes, ILD investigates these with its merchants and makes sure that credits are applied back to the phone bill, just like credit card company standards. ILD continually monitors complaint levels against the merchant who the bills through us, and if it finds a merchant in violation of ILD policies, it has and will terminate their billing agreement.
Validation and Authentication Services.
As part of an ongoing effort to strengthen its Bill to Phone alternative payment offering, ILD Teleservices is rolling out new validation and authentication services, iValidateSM, to ensure security credentials are met before processing a consumer transaction. The new web-based validation system enables merchants to verify a billing telephone number (BTN) with the LECs to ensure it is “LEC billable” before accepting a Bill to Phone transaction. All merchants that accept Bill to Phone payment and process transactions with ILD, can validate real-time through its internet portal, which mitigates unauthorized transactions and reduces unbillables.
Merchant Verification Process.
As a clearinghouse, ILD claims it must maintain stringent policies and procedures in the merchant screening process, which includes a comprehensive background search on the merchant customer, its officers and owners. The company website states ILD utilizes an independent third-party background investigator to re-examine the merchant customer, its officers, owners and business information, and then before accepting a merchant as a phone billing customer, the company collects data on the merchant’s product and/ or service, the marketing and sales plan for the product and/ or service, and other pertinent company information, which is then reviewed with final approval provided by the Local Exchange Carriers. However, these efforts have not stopped cramming through ILD as evidenced by the continued complaints against them on sites such as consumeraffairs.com 
Fraud allegations and lawsuits.
Numerous consumer complaints have been made against ILD Teleservices alleging that have passed along phony, inaccurate, or inflated charges or subscriptions to customers. Numerous complaints have also been made that they failed to allow customers to dispute phony charges and insisted that the customers must pay their bills, even after the customers had explained that the charges were fraudulent. The allegations are often unfounded as issues are typically with the merchant providing services. In nearly all cases that ILD has been named in, since its inception in 1996, the cases have been dismissed without admission of liability or finding of wrongdoing by the company. However, note the following Connecticut case, where ILD was found liable and which is typical of complaints as recent as March 2011.
Connecticut.
In November 2002, the Connecticut Department of Consumer Protection reached a settlement with ILD Teleservices on a lawsuit ILD Teleservices and 800 Connect over alleged violations of the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act. 800 Connect allegedly failed to disclose charges for use of its 800 numbers (common missdials of popular free numbers) and used ILD as a clearing house for those fraudulent charges. Attorney General Richard Blumenthal stated: "Callers who pressed '1' were provided with the correct toll-free telephone number which they had misdialed but were not informed that they would be charged a fee for receiving the correct toll-free telephone number. However, those callers who did not press '1' and stayed on the line were informed that they would be charged a fee for receiving the correct toll-free telephone number." As a result of the settlement, ILD Teleservices was made to pay $50,000 in penalties, and was prohibited from charging customers "when ILD knows, or should know, that the vendor did not disclose charges to consumers or obtain authorization from them..." Upon conclusion of the Connecticut filing, ILD instituted provisions within its business application process with merchants and the company refined its internal monitoring procedures to prevent similar occurrences in the future. The Connecticut Attorney General's Office Press Release on the matter reads as follows:
"State Reaches Settlement With 800 Connect, ILD Teleservices
November 19, 2002"
Attorney General Richard Blumenthal and Department of Consumer Protection Commissioner James T. Fleming today announced settlements with ILD Telecommunications, Inc. (ILD) and 800 Connect and its principal David Stein for alleged violations of the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act (CUTPA)."
800 Connect failed to disclose charges that it imposed on consumers who misdialed frequently used toll-free telephone numbers, causing consumers to be improperly billed thousands of dollars, through ILD."
'Instead of a pay-per-call service, 800 Connect ran a scam-per-call program by concealing charges to consumers,' Blumenthal said. 'Rather than correcting billing problems and disputes, ILD merely repeated 800 Connect's scripted responses, which caused consumers to pay improper charges. 800 Connect is defunct, but our message to other businesses is constant: Businesses must disclose charges clearly and conspicuously, and consumers should check charges on bills.'"
'Whether it is a bill for pay-per-call, or any other questionable service or charge, I urge consumers to carefully review their telephone bills each month,' Fleming warns. 'If they find a charge for a service they never eceived, or that was not disclosed, and the company does not immediately remedy the problem, contact the Department of Consumer Protection. I am pleased that 17,000 Connecticut consumers will receive credits for these 800 Connect charges billed by ILD; consumers work too hard for their money to lose any portion of it to a phone scam.'"
800 Connect purported to provide a 'service' to consumers who mis-dialed certain frequently dialed toll-free telephone numbers. When consumers misdialed, they would hear a recorded message indicating that if they were trying to reach a stated business, they could receive the correct toll-free telephone number by either pressing the '1' key or staying on the line, or hanging up and checking the number through directory assistance. Callers who pressed '1' were provided with the correct toll-free telephone number which they had misdialed but were not informed that they would be charged a fee for receiving the correct toll-free telephone number. However, those callers who did not press '1' and stayed on the line were informed that they would be charged a fee for receiving the correct toll-free telephone number.'"
ILD, which has billing contracts with telephone companies, including SNET and Verizon in Connecticut, billed on behalf of 800 Connect. Consumers who were charged for 800 Connect received a page in their telephone bill identifying both ILD and 800 Connect. When consumers called ILD to question the 800 Connect charges, ILD informed consumers that they had been charged for receiving a telephone number provided by 800 Connect, after a toll-free number was misdialed. ILD generally did not issue bill credits."
Approximately 17,000 consumers will receive credits, amounting to approximately $47,000, on their November or December SNET or Verizon telephone bills. ILD will pay $50,000 in penalties and other funds to the State of Connecticut. 800 Connect and David Stein will pay a total of $2,500 in civil penalties."
Also in the settlement, ILD is prohibited from:
Billing or collecting for 800 Connect;
Billing telephone subscribers on their local telephone service bill for audio entertainment or information provided through a toll-free telephone number, unless they have agreed to the fees;
Billing consumers on their local telephone service bills for any vendor's telephone-billed purchase, when ILD knows, or should know, that the vendor did not disclose charges to consumers or obtain authorization from them in accordance with applicable law; and
Misrepresenting that a consumer who calls is obligated to pay for a charge or misrepresenting that the consumer authorized the charge."
Also, as provided in the settlement with 800 Connect and Stein, they are prohibited from soliciting Connecticut consumers to purchase any pay-per-call services, such as 900-number services or other audio information or any telephone-billed purchase, or from offering pay-per-call or audio services to Connecticut consumers for five years."
Wisconsin.
In December 2007 the Wisconsin Attorney General's office announced that it had reached a settlement in its consumer protection lawsuit against ILD Teleservices. Attorney General Peg Lautenschlager claimed that over 1,000 customers were subscribed to monthly services that they did not order from the "eChurch Network" and "ILab". (Such as Internet access for people who did not even own computers.) These charges were billed through ILD Teleservices. The Attorney General alleged that ILD Teleservices is liable for violations of Wisconsin telecommunications law because they knew or should have known that the charges were fraud because according to ILD's own records, over 30% of the ILabs charges and over 40% of the eChurch charges were disputed.
In accordance with the terms of the settlement, ILD Teleservices acted to control the refund of money to anyone who had made a complaint against the two merchants processing charges through ILD Teleservices; “eChurch Network” and “ILab”, "terminate a merchant as a client if cramming complaints exceed 1% for three months in any six-month period", and to submit to various other monitoring processes.
ILD has since refined its procedures to prevent similar occurrences in the future.
Federal Trade Commission.
In February 2003, ILD Teleservices was required to pay a $675,000 fine to the FTC for violations of the FTC act, which requires merchants providing Pay Per Call services, in this case 800Connect, to maintain presubscription agreements for services provided via toll-free number. The Federal Trade Commission claimed that ILD Teleservices, in connection with the billing or collection of 800 Connect services, failed to abide by the dispute resolution procedures required by the “Pay Per Call” rule, which is a technical violation of the rule. The FTC alleged that ILD Teleservices further violated the rule for not recognizing that charging customers for a 1-800 call constitutes a billing error that must be forgiven, in fact, refunding money for less than half of the customers who complained (refunds they were legally obligated to give), thus "repeatedly and routinely violating the Rule". Finally, the FTC alleged that ILD Teleservices deceptively misrepresented to customers that they were required by law to pay for charges incurred by calling 1-800 number when, in fact, they were not required to pay those charges. Upon conclusion of the FTC filing, ILD instituted provisions within its contracts with merchants and refined its internal monitoring procedures to prevent similar occurrences in the future.
Location.
ILD maintains locations across the United States. The company operates network facilities and inbound call centers in Dallas, San Antonio, Atlanta, Jacksonville and Fort Lauderdale with corporate headquarters in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19539616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539616" title="Minuscule 12">
Minuscule 12

Minuscule 12 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A137 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment, dated palaeographically to the 14th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels, on 294 parchment leaves (), with a commentaries. The text is written in one column per page, biblical text in 21 lines and text of commentary in 57 lines per page. The ink is brown.
A commentary to Matthew and John is of Chrysostom's authorship, to Mark of Victors, and to Luke of Bostra.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters") whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian Canon tables, prolegomena, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, liturgical books with hagiographies (Menologion and Synaxarium), and subscriptions at the end of each Gospel.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type, with a few alien readings. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.
The text of the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is omitted.
The text of Mark 16:9-20 has a note of Victor's.
History.
It is dated by the INTF to the 14th-century.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein.
It was examined and described by Wettstein, Griesbach, and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
The codex now is located at the National Library of France (Gr. 230) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19539660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539660" title="Anoop Chandola">
Anoop Chandola

Anoop Chandola (born 24 December 1937) is an American linguist-anthropologist, originally from Pauri (Uttarakhand) India, where he was raised in a priestly Brahmin family.
He was educated at the Christian Messmore Intermediate College of Pauri. After completing a year of intermediate education he joined the DAV College of Lucknow for his second and last year of intermediate.
Before moving to the USA in 1959, Chandola was educated at the universities of Allahabad and Lucknow where he graduated with university degrees in Sanskrit, English, and Hindi literature. He subsequently obtained an MA in linguistics from the University of California, Berkeley, and a Ph.D. in linguistics from the University of Chicago.
He lives in Tucson and Seattle with his wife Sudha. His son, Manjul Varn Chandola, is a Seattle/Tacoma based DUI lawyer [http://www.duilawfirmwa.com/]. 
Career.
Chandola has taught Indian literature, culture, and religion at several universities in India and the USA, including Sardar Patel University, the M.S. University of Baroda, the University of California, Berkeley, University of Washington, University of Texas-Austin, and University of Wisconsin–Madison.
He is a member of the American Anthropological Association, Association for Asian Studies, Linguistics Society of America, and Linguistic Society of India. 
Though he retired as Professor Emeritus of East Asian Studies at the University of Arizona in 2003, his writing career continues. He is a frequent guest lecturer on Hinduism and related religions.
Chandola has written scholarly books and articles primarily in the areas of linguistics, music, religion and literature which includes extensive interdisciplinary and theoretical analysis. He founded the field of "musicolinguistics" based on coining the term, arguing for its creation and laying a theoretical framework for the discipline.
Chandola is also a novelist who covers multicultural themes with an Indo-American focus. His novels use ancient Indian mythology and religion extensively to understand modern social problems.

</doc>
<doc id="19539661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539661" title="Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres

The men's C-1 1000 metres event was an open-style, individual canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
Thirteen competitors were entered with one withdrawal and one disqualification. Held on July 31, the top three finishers in each heat moved on to the final with the others relegated to the semifinal.
Lassen's disqualification was not disclosed in the official report.
Semifinal.
Taking place on August 2, the top three finishers in the semifinal advanced to the final.
Final.
The final took place on August 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19539691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539691" title="A Night in NYC">
A Night in NYC

A Night in NYC is a compilation album by Moby released free with "The Sunday Times" on May 11, 2008 to promote his album "Last Night".

</doc>
<doc id="19539717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539717" title="Terwispel">
Terwispel

Terwispel is a village consisting of about 1000 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. Its neighbouring villages are Tijnje/De Tynje (west), Nij Beets (north-west), Beetsterzwaag/Beetstersweach (north), Lippenhuizen/Lippenhúzen (south-east), Gorredijk/De Gordyk (South), Langezwaag/Langsweagen (south-west) and Luxwoude/Lúkswâld (also south-west).
In the 11th century Terwispel was founded as a colony for peat digging in the woods of South-east Fryslân. This was essential to the economy of most of The Netherlands as dried peat called turf was the most common fuel. However, as the diggers turned further east into Drenthe, Terwispel lost her prosperity. At that time Terwispel was much larger than it is nowadays, for also present day neighbouring village Tijnje was part of the Terwispel community.
At the beginning of the 20th century, when the first freeways appeared, and plans were made for the freeway A7 to be laid through this town, Terwispel split up into Tijnje and Terwispel as we know it nowadays.

</doc>
<doc id="19539731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539731" title="Wijnjewoude">
Wijnjewoude

Wijnjewoude () is a village consisting of about 2000 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19539745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539745" title="Tijnje">
Tijnje

Tijnje () is a village consisting of about 1500 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19539774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539774" title="Komagawa Tarōzaemon">
Komagawa Tarōzaemon

<br>
Komagawa Tarozaemon was a disciple under the famous Kamiizumi Ise no kami Nobutsuna, founder of Shinkage-ryū
Tarozaemon's Komagawa Kaishin-ryū was handed down through the Maeda clan of Kaga, where he taught the use of the tachi (long sword), kodachi (short sword), jitte (a hooked truncheon used for arresting and disarming), naginata (a bladed polearm) and nito (two-sword techniques)

</doc>
<doc id="19539776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539776" title="Metham sodium">
Metham sodium

Metham sodium is a soil fumigant used as a pesticide, herbicide, and fungicide. It is one of the most widely used pesticides in the United States, with approximately 60 million pounds used in 2001. Metham sodium is the sodium salt of methyldithiocarbamate.
Metham sodium can be prepared from methylamine, carbon disulfide, and sodium hydroxide; or from methyl isothiocyanate and sodium thiolate.
Upon exposure to the environment, metham sodium decomposes to form methyl isothiocyanate.

</doc>
<doc id="19539777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539777" title="The Devil's Dream">
The Devil's Dream

"The Devil's Dream" is an old fiddle tune of unknown origins. Played as either a jig or a reel, it is attested to as a popular tune from at least 1834 in New England. It also appears in a folk tale from central England dated to c. 1805.
"The Devil's Dream" is, and has been since its introduction, a popular tune with fiddlers and dancers and has been recorded numerous times.
It is used by Bernard Herrmann as one of the principal themes in the film score to the movie "The Devil and Daniel Webster" to represent the plight of the New Hampshire farmers.
Pop culture.
Mentioned in Michael Martin Murphy's song "Cherokee Fiddle", popularized by Johnny Lee

</doc>
<doc id="19539793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539793" title="Nikita Dzhigurda">
Nikita Dzhigurda

Nikita Borisovich Dzhigurda (; born March 27, 1961) is a Russian movie actor, singer, and cult media icon. His wife is an acclaimed figure skater Marina Anissina.
Dzhigurda is best known for his portrayals of historical figures. Arguably his best known role is Yermak's lieutenant, cossack Ivan Koltso, in a 1996 TV miniseries "Yermak" by directors Uskov and Krasnopolsky. Dzhigurda's other roles in historical films are prince Andrey Kurbsky, king Charles XII of Sweden and Ukrainian poet Ivan Franko. He is also famous for his flamboyant lifestyle and his comic appearances on internet videos.

</doc>
<doc id="19539802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539802" title="Anwarul Amin">
Anwarul Amin

Anwarul Amin, commonly known as Azhar, was a Bangladeshi cricketer. A right arm off-break bowler, Azhar played for the national side in the first half of the 1980s.
International career.
He was a bit late coming into international cricket. He was already into his thirties when he first played for the national side. However, having waited for a long time to get his chance, he was quick to seize the opportunity presented to him. At Faridpur, playing for the Central Zone side, he took 3/24 against the MCC in 1980–81. With Obaidul Haq Azam taking 7/18, the tourists were bundled out for a 79 in their first innings. For Azhar, even bigger success came in three-day match at Rajshahi. By taking 6 wickets for 48 runs, he restricted the MCC side to 255.
Azhar was a successful member of the Bangladesh cricket team that took part in the 2nd ICC Trophy in England. He took 8 wickets at an average of 19.37. His economy rate was 2.44 tuns per over.
Anwarul Amin Azhar was a part of the Bangladesh 14 that won the 1984 South-East Asia Cup in Dhaka (And thus qualified for the 1986 Asia Cup in Sri Lanka). But, he had little opportunity to show his class, as the team depended almost completely on its four seamers. The leg spinner Wahidul Gani impressed while playing for the Bangladesh Tigers (the 2nd string side) and he was preferred to Azhar for the tour of Kenya in the spring of 1984. Azhar, however, was recalled for the home series against the Hyderabad Blues. In his final international match at Dhaka, Azhar bowed out in style. He dismissed four top-order Indian batsman, and along with leg spinner Omar Khaled Rumy put the opposition in trouble.
Domestic cricket.
Originally from Mymensingh, Azhar played most of his League cricket at Dhaka with the Bangladesh Biman cricket team.
The best spinner of the 80s.
In the late 70s Bangladesh had three quality spinners, Lintu, Ashraful Haque and Rumy. Things, however changed in the early 80s. Lintu left international cricket following an altercation with the authority, and Ashraful and Rumy were coming towards the end of their careers. It was Azhar, who was left to carry the burden of spin bowling. He did his job manfully for the first half of the decade. That's why many analysts (like Rafiqul Ameer) consider him to be the best Bangladeshi spinner of the 80s. Both Wahidul Gani & Ramchand Goala were more successful than Azhar in domestic cricket. But they failed to deliver the goods in the international arena.

</doc>
<doc id="19539809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539809" title="Theresa Helburn">
Theresa Helburn

Theresa Helburn (January 12, 1887 – August 18, 1959) was an important figure in 20th-century American theater and a Bryn Mawr College alumna, best known for her work with New York's Theatre Guild.
Involved with The Theatre Guild from its foundation in 1919, Helburn served first as a literary manager and then as casting director and eventually became (along with Lawrence Langner) a co-producer. The Theatre Guild specialized in bringing the highest-quality drama of Europe and America to Broadway stages. Breaking away from the common practice of single-ticket sales and productions built around famous stars, the Theatre Guild built a large and loyal season subscription audience as well as establishing enduring relationships with renowned playwrights such as George Bernard Shaw and Eugene O'Neill, as well as the actors Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne, among many other notable names. She and the other founding members of this production company brought serious, ground-breaking plays back to the Broadway stage, and together they proved that it was possible to produce work that was both artistically and commercially successful.
Helburn's responsibilities were wide-ranging, including everything from vetting scripts, to casting plays, to fund-raising, to leading advertising and marketing campaigns. In 1925, just six years from the establishment of the production company, she presided over the ground-breaking ceremony for the new Guild Theatre. In the early 1930s, she worked briefly in Hollywood, and maintained strong ties with the film and television industries until the time of her death.
A significant collection of theatrical ephemera, photographs, and writings relating to the life of Theresa Helburn and to the Theatre Guild is housed at Bryn Mawr College in College Collections and Special Collections.

</doc>
<doc id="19539818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539818" title="António da Mota Veiga">
António da Mota Veiga

António Jorge Martins da Mota Veiga (Cascais, 28 February 1915 – Lisbon, CUF Hospital, 14 November 2005) was a Portuguese politician and former Minister and law professor.
Background.
He was the son of Elisário Eduardo da Mota Veiga (Lisbon, Anjos, 6 March 1887/Seia, Seia, 6 April 1887 – Lisbon, 5 October 1966), a Licentiate in Law from the Faculty of Law of the University of Coimbra and a lawyer, and wife Antónia Martins (Celorico da Beira, São Pedro, 29 July 1884 – Lisbon, 10 April 1980); paternal grandson of Amândio Eduardo da Mota Veiga (Seia, Seia, 25 February 1846 – Lisbon, 18 February 1921), also a lawyer from the same Faculty and University, from an old Family of his region, and wife Ana Augusta da Assunção, and maternal grandson of Francisco Nunes and wife Maria Cândida Martins.
Career.
He was a Licentiate, Doctorate and a Cathedratic Professor from the Faculty of Law of the University of Lisbon.
He started his career as a lawyer.
He was Secretary of State, Minister, Judge Counselor of the Portuguese Supreme Court of Justice, Administrator of the Caixa Geral de Depósitos and Professor and Rector of the Lusíada University.
Decorations.
He was a Knight of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre.
Family.
He married in Lisbon at the Patriarchal Chapel on 7 December 1946, to Maria Emília da Gama Caeiro (Lisbon, São Sebastião da Pedreira, 13 April 1923), daughter of Francisco José Caeiro and wife Deolinda de Sousa de Lima Ferreira da Gama; they had five children: 

</doc>
<doc id="19539824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539824" title="Jinjiang International">
Jinjiang International

Jinjiang International (Group) Company Limited (锦江国际（集团）有限公司) is a Shanghai-based state-owned enterprise of the People's Republic of China and the biggest tourism enterprise in mainland China.
Subsidiary enterprises.
Jinjiang Hotels.
Shanghai Jinjiang International Hotels Holdings Company Limited (Jinjiang Hotels Group or Jinjiang Hotels in short) form is largest hotel group in China. It has more than 380 hotels and inns affiliated to it and under its management in major China cities, including Peace Hotel and Jinjiang Star. It is headquartered in Shanghai.
The Group's subsidiary company, Shanghai Jinjiang International Hotel Development Company Limited () was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1996. Its holding company, Shanghai Jinjiang International Hotels (Group) Company Limited H shares () was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19539838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539838" title="Three schema approach">
Three schema approach

The three-schema approach, or the "Three Schema Concept", in software engineering is an approach to building information systems and systems information management from the 1970s. It proposes to use three different views in systems development, in which conceptual modelling is considered to be the key to achieving data integration.
Overview.
The three-schema approach offers three types of schemas with schema techniques based on formal language descriptions:
At the center, the conceptual schema defines the ontology of the concepts as the users think of them and talk about them. The physical schema according to Sowa (2004) "describes the internal formats of the data stored in the database, and the external schema defines the view of the data presented to the application programs". The framework attempted to permit multiple data models to be used for external schemata.
Over the years, the skill and interest in building information systems has grown tremendously. However, for the most part, the traditional approach to building systems has only focused on defining data from two distinct views, the "user view" and the "computer view". From the user view, which will be referred to as the “external schema,” the definition of data is in the context of reports and screens designed to aid individuals in doing their specific jobs. The required structure of data from a usage view changes with the business environment and the individual preferences of the user. From the computer view, which will be referred to as the “internal schema,” data is defined in terms of file structures for storage and retrieval. The required structure of data for computer storage depends upon the specific computer technology employed and the need for efficient processing of data.
These two traditional views of data have been defined by analysts over the years on an application by application basis as specific business needs were addressed, see Figure 1. Typically, the internal schema defined for an initial application cannot be readily used for subsequent applications, resulting in the creation of redundant and often inconsistent definition of the same data. Data was defined by the layout of physical records and processed sequentially in early information systems. The need for flexibility, however, led to the introduction of Database Management Systems (DBMSs), which allow for random access of logically connected pieces of data. The logical data structures within a DBMS are typically defined as either hierarchies, networks or relations. Although DBMSs have greatly improved the shareability of data, the use of a DBMS alone does not guarantee a consistent definition of data. Furthermore, most large companies have had to develop multiple databases which are often under the control of different DBMSs and still have the problems of redundancy and inconsistency.
The recognition of this problem led the ANSI/X3/SPARC Study Group on Database Management Systems to conclude that in an ideal data management environment a third view of data is needed. This view, referred to as a “conceptual schema” is a single integrated definition of the data within an enterprise which is unbiased toward any single application of data and is independent of how the data is physically stored or accessed, see Figure 2. The primary objective of this conceptual schema is to provide a consistent definition of the meanings and interrelationship of data which can be used to integrate, share, and manage the integrity of data.
History.
The notion of a three-schema model consisting of a conceptual model, an external model, and an internal or physical model was first introduced by the ANSI/X3/SPARC Standards Planning and Requirements Committee directed by Charles Bachman in 1975. The ANSI/X3/SPARC Report characterized DBMSs as having a two schema organization. That is, DBMSs utilize an internal schema, which represents the structure of the data as viewed by the DBMS, and an external schema, which represents various structures of the data as viewed by the end user. The concept of a third schema (conceptual) was introduced in the report. The conceptual schema represents the basic underlying structure of data as viewed by the enterprise as a whole. 
The ANSI/SPARC report was intended as a basis for interoperable computer systems. All database vendors adopted the three-schema terminology, but they implemented it in incompatible ways. Over the next twenty years, various groups attempted to define standards for the conceptual schema and its mappings to databases and programming languages. Unfortunately, none of the vendors had a strong incentive to make their formats compatible with their competitors'. A few reports were produced, but no standards.
As the practice of Data Administration has evolved and more graphical techniques have evolved, the term "schema" has given way to the term "model". The conceptual model represents the view of data that is negotiated between end users and database administrators covering those entities about which it is important to keep data, the meaning of the data, and the relationships of the data to each other. 
One further development is the IDEF1X information modeling methodology, which is based on the three-schema concept. Another is the Zachman Framework, proposed by John Zachman in 1987 and developed ever since in the field of Enterprise Architecture. In this framework, the three-schema model has evolved into a layer of six perspectives. In other Enterprise Architecture frameworks some kind of view model is incorporated.

</doc>
<doc id="19539839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539839" title="Bartlett's bisection theorem">
Bartlett's bisection theorem

Bartlett's Bisection Theorem is an electrical theorem in network analysis due to Albert Charles Bartlett. The theorem shows that any symmetrical two-port network can be transformed into a lattice network. The theorem often appears in filter theory where the lattice network is sometimes known as a filter X-section following the common filter theory practice of naming sections after alphabetic letters to which they bear a resemblance.
The theorem as originally stated by Bartlett required the two halves of the network to be topologically symmetrical. The theorem was later extended by Wilhelm Cauer to apply to all networks which were electrically symmetrical. That is, the physical implementation of the network is not of any relevance. It is only required that its response in both halves are symmetrical.
Applications.
Lattice topology filters are not very common. The reason for this is that they require more components (especially inductors) than other designs. Ladder topology is much more popular. However, they do have the property of being intrinsically balanced and a balanced version of another topology, such as T-sections, may actually end up using more inductors. One application is for all-pass phase correction filters on balanced telecommunication lines. The theorem also makes an appearance in the design of crystal filters at RF frequencies. Here ladder topologies have some undesirable properties, but a common design strategy is to start from a ladder implementation because of its simplicity. Bartlett's theorem is then used to transform the design to an intermediate stage as a step towards the final implementation (using a transformer to produce an unbalanced version of the lattice topology).
Definition and proof.
Definition.
Start with a two-port network, N, with a plane of symmetry between the two ports. Next cut N through its plane of symmetry to form two new identical two-ports, ½N. Connect two identical voltage generators to the two ports of N. It is clear from the symmetry that no current is going to flow through any branch passing through the plane of symmetry. The impedance measured into a port of N under these circumstances will be the same as the impedance measured if all the branches passing through the plane of symmetry were open circuit. It is therefore the same impedance as the open circuit impedance of ½N. Let us call that impedance formula_1.
Now consider the network N with two identical voltage generators connected to the ports but with opposite polarity. Just as superposition of currents through the branches at the plane of symmetry must be zero in the previous case, by analogy and applying the principle of duality, superposition of voltages between nodes at the plane of symmetry must likewise be zero in this case. The input impedance is thus the same as the short circuit impedance of ½N. Let us call that impedance formula_2.
Bartlett's bisection theorem states that the network N is equivalent to a lattice network with series branches of formula_2 and cross branches of formula_1.
Proof.
Consider the lattice network shown with identical generators, E, connected to each port. It is clear from symmetry and superposition that no current is flowing in the series branches formula_2. Those branches can thus be removed and left open circuit without any effect on the rest of the circuit. This leaves a circuit loop with a voltage of 2E and an impedance of formula_6 giving a current in the loop of;
and an input impedance of;
as it is required to be for equivalence to the original two-port.
Similarly, reversing one of the generators results, by an identical argument, in a loop with an impedance of formula_9 and an input impedance of;
Recalling that these generator configurations are the precise way in which formula_1 and formula_2 were defined in the original two-port it is proved that the lattice is equivalent for those two cases. It is proved that this is so for all cases by considering that all other input and output conditions can be expressed as a linear superposition of the two cases already proved.
Examples.
It is possible to use the Bartlett transformation in reverse; that is, to transform a symmetrical lattice network into some other symmetrical topology. The examples shown above could just as equally have been shown in reverse. However, unlike the examples above, the result is not always physically realisable with linear passive components. This is because there is a possibility the reverse transform will generate components with negative values. Negative quantities can only be physically realised with active components present in the network.
Extension of the theorem.
There is an extension to Bartlett's theorem that allows a symmetrical filter network operating between equal input and output impedance terminations to be modified for unequal source and load impedances. This is an example of impedance scaling of a prototype filter. The symmetrical network is bisected along its plane of symmetry. One half is impedance-scaled to the input impedance and the other is scaled to the output impedance. The response shape of the filter remains the same. This does not amount to an impedance matching network, the impedances looking in to the network ports bear no relationship to the termination impedances. This means that a network designed by Bartlett's theorem, while having exactly the filter response predicted, also adds a constant attenuation in addition to the filter response. In impedance matching networks, a usual design criteria is to maximise power transfer. The output response is "the same shape" relative to the voltage of the theoretical ideal generator driving the input. It is not the same relative to the actual input voltage which is delivered by the theoretical ideal generator via its load impedance.
The constant gain due to the difference in input and output impedances is given by;
Note that it is possible for this to be greater than unity, that is, a voltage gain is possible, but power is always lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19539843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539843" title="Peter Waals">
Peter Waals

Peter Waals (30 January 1870 – May 1937), born Pieter van der Waals, was a Dutch cabinet maker associated with the Arts and Crafts movement.
Arts and Crafts.
Born in The Hague to Jan van der Waals and Lena Alida Maria Loorij, Peter Waals was the nephew of the Nobel Prize-winning physicist Johannes Diderik van der Waals. Trained as a cabinet maker in his native Netherlands, Waals spent three years working in Brussels, Berlin and Vienna before moving to London where he was introduced to Ernest Gimson in 1901.
Cabinet maker.
Gimson had set up a small workshop in Cirencester, Gloucestershire, and then at Daneway House at Sapperton, making furniture, turned chairs, and metalwork to his own designs. Waals was offered the position of foreman/manager and chief cabinet maker and accepted, spending the rest of his life in the Cotswolds. 
The furniture and craft work produced by the workshop under the day-to-day supervision of Waals is regarded as a supreme achievement of the Arts and Crafts movement of its period and is well represented in the principal collections of the decorative arts in Britain and the United States of America. The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner called Gimson "the greatest of the English artist-craftsmen."
Workshop owner and designer.
After Gimson's death in 1919 Peter Waals continued to run the Daneway Workshops. By the end of the year he was canvassing potential clients in his own name on Daneway headed paper The following year he was able to set up his own workshop at Halliday's Mill with the help of Alfred James, at the foot of Cowcombe Hill in the nearby village of Chalford, employing many of Gimson's skilled craftsmen including designer Norman Jewson. 
Chalford was a more practical location for a workshop than Sapperton, since it was close to a railway station and had more accessible roads. 
Many examples of his own work, and that produced by other craftsmen in his workshop, can be found in Christ Church there. 
They include the organ gallery, the chancel screen and the lectern, all of which were designed by Jewson. The cover of the font, which lifts and descends by means of a counterbalance in the roof space, was carved by one of Waals' craftsmen, Owen Scrubey.
From 1920 to 1937 the workshop produced high quality furniture to Waals' and Jewson's designs and also trained apprentices in the Arts and Crafts tradition. 
An apprenticeship at the Chalford workshop with Waals lasted from five to six years, and apprentices were on trial for three months without pay. 
One such apprentice was New Age thinker Sir George Trevelyan who died in the bed he made there. 
Furniture produced during this period now features in exhibitions and catalogues of leading art houses and auction rooms.
Teacher.
In 1935 Waals was invited to act as consultant in design at Loughborough College which was the main centre for the training of handicraft teachers in England. There, Waals instructed students in the approach and high standards of craftsmanship required in the making of furniture that had been established by Ernest Gimson and the Barnsley brothers in Sapperton. He also designed all the furniture for Hazlerigg Hall as well as other fittings throughout the college, and these were built by his students. The college is now part of 
Loughborough University, and furniture design drawings by Peter Waals are deposited in the University Archives.
Peter Waals died in May 1937, and lies buried in the churchyard at Chalford. A disastrous fire in his workshops in 1938 ended his widow's attempts to continue production there.

</doc>
<doc id="19539861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539861" title="Dhaka Metropolitan Police">
Dhaka Metropolitan Police

The Dhaka Metropolitan Police (DMP) is the division of Bangladesh Police responsible for law enforcement in the metropolis of Dhaka, the national capital and most populous city in Bangladesh. The DMP is the largest police force in Bangladesh. The emergency hotline for the DMP is 9-9-9.
History.
During a major reorganisation and expansion of Bangladesh's national police forces, the Dhaka Metropolitan Polices (DMP) was established on February 1, 1976 to maintain law and order in the country's capital and largest city. It initially had 6,000 personnel in 12 police stations. With the rapid population growth of the city, the need of an expanded and better equipped police increased. The government planned a major expansion of police. Consequently, the establishment of 49 police stations has been completed. The number of personnel has been expanded, with newer ranks and officer corps.
Organisation.
The current total strength of stands at around more than 26,661( including ministerial staff ) personnel and 49 police stations. The DMP organisation is divided into 5 operational divisions headed by a joint commissioner aided by deputy commissioners, additional deputy commissioners and assistant commissioners. The 5 divisions are:
The DMP also collaborates and maintains organizational links with the Bangladesh Ansar, Border Guard Bangladesh, Special Branch, Bangladeshi intelligence community, Rapid Action Battalion and other national security agencies.
SWPC.
Female officers were first inducted into the DMP in 1978. The DMP also raised a Special Women Police Contingent in 2008 with the intention of developing a special unit consisting only of women that would investigate crimes involving female criminals. An assistant commissioner heads the SWPC force of 24 women officers.
SWAT.
The SWAT (Special Weapons And Tactics) is another elite tactical unit of the Dhaka Metropolitan Police which was established on February 28, 2009. SWAT (Bangladesh) operate under the Detective Branch of Dhaka Metropolitan Police.

</doc>
<doc id="19539864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539864" title="Ilex coriacea">
Ilex coriacea

Ilex coriacea, sometimes known as Gallberry, is a shrub in the Holly family native to coastal areas in the United States from Virginia to Texas. It exists primarily as an understory plant in pine forests, and is sometimes stimulated by regular controlled burnings.
It has been widely planted north of its native range and to some extent in Europe, preferring moist, but not waterlogged acidic soil.
The plant is an important nectar source for beekeepers, making a mild flavored, light colored honey, especially in Florida, South Carolina, and Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19539874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539874" title="Metham (disambiguation)">
Metham (disambiguation)

Metham is a hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Metham may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19539881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539881" title="1991 Winchester 400">
1991 Winchester 400

The twenty-second annual Winchester 400 motor race (yearly since 1970) was held under American Speed Association sanction on October 6, 1991, at the Winchester Speedway, Indiana (USA).
Glenn Allen, Jr. of Cincinnati, Ohio scored the biggest win of his ASA career in the 1991 Winchester 400. Mike Eddy grabbed the pole position with a lap of 16.544 seconds (108.800 MPH) among the 33 competitors trying to make the starting field. The two-time former winner jumped from his starting position to the early lead until hard-charging Tim Steele took over on lap 72.
The race.
On lap 99, a third-turn accident involving Dave Jackson of Loveland, Ohio and DeWaine McGunegill resulted in a lengthy red flag. Jay Sauter broke an axle tube, causing grease to spill out onto the track in the entrance to the third turn. Unaware of the danger ahead, Jackson charged into the turn and was sent hurtling full-speed into the third-turn guardrail. Rebounding off the rail, Jackson’s heavily damaged machine vaulted into a series of barrel rolls, shedding most of the body of the car, before being slammed into by McGunegill, who was unable to stop or avoid the contact. As the crowd held its collective breath, both drivers were extricated carefully from their cars and transported to Randolph County hospital, with Jackson then being airlifted to Miami Valley Hospital in Dayton, Ohio. Both drivers would eventually recover to race again.
Following a delay of more than 90 minutes to clean up the wreckage and replace the guardrail, racing action resumed. Back under green, Steele continued to lead until mechanical problems sent him into the first-turn wall. That handed the lead to seven-time and defending race winner Bob Senneker. Once again, the race leader encountered bad luck, as the right-real wheel flew off Senneker’s Chevrolet, causing him to lose 45 laps while repairing suspension damage.
Race rookie Tim Fedewa, who broke a header, was the beneficiary of this chain of events as he took over the race lead on lap 210. Out in front, he would show the way to the field until Allen powered by for what would be the winning pass for the lead on lap 238. Leading the final 163 laps to win, Allen collected a $11,850 birthday present. Sauter trailed the winner across the line by 1.88 seconds to claim second, followed by Fedewa, Jim Cooper, and Jeff Neal.

</doc>
<doc id="19539891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539891" title="Cai Xiaoli">
Cai Xiaoli

Cai Xiaoli is an Singaporean international table tennis player. 
In 2004 he won the Commonwealth Championships mixed doubles with partner Zhang Xueling. He was on Singapore A team at the 2006 Australian Open, where he won the Mixed Doubles with partner Sun Beibei.
In January 2008 his world ranking was 155.

</doc>
<doc id="19539906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539906" title="SAP Transport management system">
SAP Transport management system

SAP Transport Management System (not to be confused with SAP TM which stands for Transportation Management) is a process within an SAP instance, which allows you (through SAPgui) to manage transports. It can be started by typing "/nSTMS" into the SAP GUI console. If offers an easy and convenient way to provide any transports for the given SAP instance (in contrast to executing this process directly from the OS using console commands) Most TMS software is not provided by SAP where SAP is not considered to be leader of any kind in this area. This article stub appears to be an attempt to provide a free ad for an SAP commercial offering. 
http://help.sap.com/printdocu/core/print46c/en/data/pdf/bcctstms/bcctstms.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="19539926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539926" title="Gentry Crowell">
Gentry Crowell

Gentry Crowell (December 10, 1932 – December 20, 1989) was a Tennessee Secretary of State whose office was a target of investigation in Operation Rocky Top and committed suicide during the investigation.
Crowell was born December 10, 1932, in Chestnut Mound, Smith County, Tennessee. A Democrat, he served in the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1969 to 1977 (86th to 89th Tennessee General Assemblies), serving at various times as chairman of the General Welfare Committee, Rules Committee, and the House Democratic Caucus. He was first elected Secretary of State by the state legislature in 1977, took office that year, and continued in that position until his death, having been re-elected by the legislature in 1981, 1985, and 1989. 
In January 1979, while serving as Secretary of State, Crowell witnessed Governor Ray Blanton's signature on the pardons and commutations of prison sentences that Blanton notoriously issued shortly before leaving office. While signing the documents, Blanton stated, "this takes guts," to which Crowell responded, "some people have more guts than they've got brains."
In 1989, the Secretary of State's office was a target of investigation for Operation Rocky Top, due to staff involvement in a public corruption scandal involving fund-raising irregularities and fraudulent charity bingo operations. Crowell's administrative assistant was indicted for embezzlement of thousands of dollars from the Democratic Caucus campaign fund, of which Crowell was treasurer. Crowell was called to testify before the federal grand jury in the Rocky Top investigation, but was not indicted in the investigation. He died at age 57 on December 20, 1989, after shooting himself in the mouth with a .38-caliber pistol on December 12. He is buried in Cedar Grove Cemetery in Lebanon, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="19539934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539934" title="I'm a PC">
I'm a PC

"I'm a PC" is the title for a television advertising campaign created for Microsoft by ad agency Crispin Porter + Bogusky (CPB). The series first began to appear in September, 2008. The new series of commercials replace those that featured the pairing of Jerry Seinfeld and Bill Gates.
The $300 million advertising campaign was designed to challenge Apple's Get a Mac campaign by showing everyday people to be PC users.
Campaign.
The ad series features prominent and popular individuals saying "I'm a PC" and has appearances by common international users as well as personalities such as writer Deepak Chopra, mixed martial artist Rashad Evans, actress Eva Longoria, photographer Geoff Green and singer Pharrell Williams.
The campaign was created by the CPB advertising agency and exhibited normal PC users to be found everywhere. It was the second phase of Microsoft's 2008 efforts to displace the ubiquity of Apple's "Get a Mac" ads, which portrayed the Mac as "cool and intuitive" and the PC as "boring and clunky". The Microsoft spots typically opened with an image of Sean Siler, an actual Microsoft employee stating lines such as "I'm a PC, and I've been made into a stereotype" and "I'm a PC, and I am not alone."
The composition was initially made to resemble that of the Apple campaign, as Siler resembles John Hodgman, the "PC" counterpart to Justin Long as a Mac in the Apple commercials.
The advertisements are also interspersed with various non-famous users who proclaim "I'm a PC" from a variety of places and in a number of methods. The intent is to demonstrate how PC users are ordinary people.
Windows 7.
Since the release of Windows 7, Microsoft has aired several advertisements under this campaign demonstrating the features of their new operating system. The ads typically focus on one person and end with the tagline "I'm a PC and Windows 7 was my idea."
Criticism.
Criticism of Microsoft's press site for the campaign, mostly found on Internet technology portals and blogs, focused around the allegation that the four still images of the campaign posted at the site contained digital fingerprints from Adobe Photoshop being run on Apple computers.
The link between the advertisements and Apple computers was initially noted by a Flickr user who found traces of Apple's operating system and Adobe's CS3 graphics program embedded within the officially released images. "Computerworld" published similar findings, noting when the file properties of the images found at the Microsoft press site are examined the embedded string 'Adobe Photoshop CS3 Macintosh' can be seen. According to an "InformationWeek" blog Microsoft responded overnight by digitally scrubbing the metadata from the images.
In an official press release Microsoft responded to the criticism, stating "as is common in almost all campaign workflow, agencies and production houses use a wide variety of software and hardware to create, edit, and distribute content, including both Macs and PCs".

</doc>
<doc id="19539936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539936" title="Saxon IX V">
Saxon IX V

The Saxon Class IX Vs were German, eight-coupled, tender locomotives built for the Royal Saxon State Railways ("Königlich Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen") for goods train duties. 
History.
These steam locomotives were brought into service, after it was clear that the Saxon Class I V (later DRG Class 55) could no longer the demands placed on it. The locomotive had a hollow, Klien-Lindner axle at the back and, initially, a long steam collection pipe above the centre of the boiler which was replaced on later models by two steam domes and a connecting pipe. Twenty machines were delivered by the firm of Hartmann as wet steam engines, a further 30 with a "Schmidt" smoke tube superheater.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over 16 of the first series and gave them the running numbers 56 501–56 516. Of the second batch, 25 were taken on with numbers 56 601–56 625.
The vehicle were coupled with tenders of Saxon classes sä 3 T 9, sä 3 T 12 or sä 3 T 13.

</doc>
<doc id="19539938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539938" title="Fréchet distance">
Fréchet distance

In mathematics, the Fréchet distance is a measure of similarity between curves that takes into account the location and ordering of the points along the curves. It is named after Maurice Fréchet.
Intuitive definition.
The Fréchet distance between two curves is the minimum length of a leash required to connect a dog and its owner, constrained on two separate paths, as they walk without backtracking along their respective curves from one endpoint to the other. The definition is symmetric with respect to the two curves. Imagine a dog walking along one curve and the dog's owner walking along the other curve, connected by a leash. Both walk continuously along their respective curve from the prescribed start point to the prescribed end point of the curve. Both may vary their speed, and even stop, at arbitrary positions and for arbitrarily long. However, neither can backtrack. The Fréchet distance between the two curves is the length of the shortest leash (not the shortest leash that is sufficient for all walks, but the shortest leash of all the leashes) that is sufficient for traversing both curves in this manner.
Formal definition.
Let formula_1 be a metric space. A curve formula_2 in formula_1 is a continuous map from the unit interval into formula_1, i.e., formula_5. A reparameterization formula_6 of formula_7 is a continuous, non-decreasing, surjection formula_8.
Let formula_2 and formula_10 be two given curves in formula_1. Then, the Fréchet distance between formula_2 and formula_10 is defined as the infimum over all reparameterizations formula_6 and formula_15 of formula_16 of the distance in formula_1 between formula_18 and formula_19. In mathematical notation, the Fréchet distance formula_20 is
formula_21
where formula_22 is the distance function of formula_1.
Informally, we can think of the parameter formula_24 as "time". Then, formula_18 is the position of the dog and formula_19 is the position of the dog's owner at time formula_24 (or vice versa). The length of the leash between them at time formula_24 is the distance between formula_18 and formula_19. Taking the infimum over all possible reparametrizations of formula_31 corresponds to choosing the walk along the given paths where the maximum leash length is minimized. The restriction that formula_6 and formula_15 be non-decreasing means that neither the dog nor its owner can backtrack.
The Fréchet metric takes into account the ﬂow of the two curves because the pairs of points whose distance contributes to the Fréchet distance sweep continuously along their respective curves. This makes the Fréchet distance a better measure of similarity for curves than alternatives, such as the Hausdorff distance, for arbitrary point sets. It is possible for two curves to have small Hausdorff distance but large Fréchet distance.
The Fréchet distance and its variants find application in several problems, from morphing and handwriting recognition to protein structure alignment. Alt and Godau were the first to describe a polynomial-time algorithm to compute the Fréchet distance between two polygonal curves in Euclidean space. The running time of their algorithm is formula_34 for two polygonal curves with "m" and "n" segments.
The free-space diagram.
An important tool for calculating the Fréchet distance of two curves is the free-space diagram, which was introduced by Alt and Godau.
The free-space diagram between two curves for a given distance threshold ε is a two-dimensional region in the parameter space that consist of all point pairs on the two curves at distance at most ε:
formula_35
The Fréchet distance formula_20 is at most ε if and only if the free-space diagram formula_37 contains a path which from the lower left corner to the upper right corner which is monotone both in the horizontal and in the vertical direction.
Variants.
The weak Fréchet distance is a variant of the classical Fréchet distance without the requirement that the endpoints move monotonically along their respective curves — the dog and its owner are allowed to backtrack to keep the leash between them short. Alt and Godau describe a simpler algorithm to compute the weak Fréchet distance between polygonal curves.
The discrete Fréchet distance, also called the coupling distance, is an approximation of the Fréchet metric for polygonal curves, defined by Eiter and Mannila. The discrete Fréchet distance considers only positions of the leash where its endpoints are located at vertices of the two polygonal curves and never in the interior of an edge. This special structure allows the discrete Fréchet distance to be computed in polynomial time by an easy dynamic programming algorithm.
When the two curves are embedded in a metric space other than Euclidean space, such as a polyhedral terrain or some Euclidean space with obstacles, the distance between two points on the curves is most naturally defined as the length of the shortest path between them. The leash is required to be a geodesic joining its endpoints. The resulting metric between curves is called the geodesic Fréchet distance. Cook and Wenk describe a polynomial-time algorithm to compute the geodesic Fréchet distance between two polygonal curves in a simple polygon.
If we further require that the leash must move continuously in the ambient metric space, then we obtain the notion of the homotopic Fréchet distance between two curves. The leash cannot switch discontinuously from one position to another — in particular, the leash cannot jump over obstacles, and can sweep over a mountain on a terrain only if it is long enough. The motion of the leash describes a homotopy between the two curves. Chambers "et al." describe a polynomial-time algorithm to compute the homotopic Fréchet distance between polygonal curves in the Euclidean plane with obstacles.
Examples.
The Fréchet distance between two concentric circles of radius formula_38 and formula_39 respectively is formula_40
The longest leash is required when the owner stands still and the dog travels to the opposite side of the circle (formula_41), and the shortest leash when both owner and dog walk at a constant speed around the circle (formula_42).

</doc>
<doc id="19539946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539946" title="CSPB">
CSPB

CSPB may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19539958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539958" title="United States Academic Decathlon National Championship">
United States Academic Decathlon National Championship

The United States Academic Decathlon (USAD) is an American academic competition for high school students. The United States Academic Decathlon National Championship, first held in 1982, pits winners at the state level against each other for a national title. The Academic Decathlon consists of 10 events: art, economics, essay, interview, language and literature, math, music, science, social science, and speech. The Super Quiz replaces one of the seven objective events; since 2003, it has alternated between replacing science and social science. The Academic Decathlon requires participation from students of all levels of academic ability; teams generally consist of nine members, who are divided into three divisions based on grade point average: Honors (3.75–4.00 GPA), Scholastic (3.00–3.74 GPA), and Varsity (0.00–2.99 GPA). Though teams consist of nine members (three from each category), only the top two individuals from each category are counted in the final team score. Each student has the possibility of scoring up to 10,000 points, for a combined team score of 60,000.
At the national competition, Schools compete based on size and are divided into three divisions (I, II, and III). However, this separation is only limited to overall team score and overall individual score. Nine overall team medals are awarded: gold, silver and bronze for each division. Similarly, 27 overall individual medals are awarded: gold, silver and bronze for Honors, Scholastic, and Varsity in each division. The rest of the medals—for example, gold in art for Honors, or silver in math for Varsity—are awarded to the top scoring persons regardless of division. In addition, winning teams have often been invited to meet the President of the United States.
In April 1982, the first Nationals was held at Loyola Marymount University in California—16 states and the District of Columbia participated. However, the competition's founder, Dr. Robert Peterson, was inspired by the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He hoped to make Academic Decathlon an international event, and so at the 1984 Nationals, Canada, Mexico, and New Zealand fielded teams in addition to teams from 32 U.S. states. The inclusion of foreign countries did not become a regular occurrence, however. There was no more international participation until 1989, when teams from Northern Ireland and Rio de Janeiro competed. Since then, no more than a few teams a year have competed at Nationals. Since the first national event in 1982, only three states have ever won the National Competition: California, Texas, and Wisconsin, with California having won the majority of the National Competitions. El Camino Real High School from California currently holds the record for the most wins, having won its sixth national title in 2010. The current National Champion is Granada Hills Charter High School from Granada Hills, California.
In 2006, the small school virtual competition was created for schools with 650 or fewer students. Two years later, the medium school virtual competition was added to accommodate schools with a student population between 650 and 1300. In 2010, the virtual competition was expanded to include large schools by allowing the second-highest performing school in each state to compete in a large school e-Nationals. These contests are held via the internet and as such, the interview and speech events are excluded. The remaining eight tests are completed on the computer and results are submitted electronically to USAD for scoring. Because only the seven multiple choice tests and essay are used, team scores are out of 48,000 points instead of 60,000. Despite it being a virtual competition, winning schools are awarded trophies and medals for their efforts. According to USAD, the goal of the small and medium school competitions is to "enhance learning, growth and recognition" for more schools participating in Academic Decathlon.

</doc>
<doc id="19539993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19539993" title="Mohammad Reza Mahdavi (born 1981)">
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi (born 1981)

Mohammad Reza Mahdavi (, born 27 January 1981 in Rasht) is an Iranian football player, who currently plays as the captain for Damash Gilan. He played most his career for his hometown teams Esteghlal Rasht, Pegah and Damash.
He is different from Mohammad Reza Mahdavi, player of Persepolis, Esteghlal and Iran national football team.
Club career.
He has played most his career for his hometown teams Pegah Gilan and Damash Gilan. After Damash relegation to Azadegan League in 2009 he moved to Pro League team Steel Azin along with other Damash players Afshin Chavoshi and Ali Nazarmohammadi where he stayed for one season and return to Damash in 2010. He helped Damash to go back to IPL in 2011, He is currently Damash captain.
Club career statistics.
Last Update 16 February, 2014 
References.
Iran Pro League Stats

</doc>
<doc id="19540008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540008" title="Darko Tofiloski">
Darko Tofiloski

Darko Tofiloski (born 13 January 1986) is a Macedonian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Košice.
He played for FK Pobeda in 2005 UEFA Intertoto Cup.
He was released by FC Schaffhausen in March 2010. He was suspected as one of the players involved in 2009 European football betting scandal but the investigation terminated after lack of evidence.
He played at 2006, 2007 and 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="19540016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540016" title="Nasser Asphalt">
Nasser Asphalt

Nasser Asphalt ("Wet Asphalt") is a 1958 West-German thriller starring Horst Buchholz and featuring Gert Fröbe, written by Will Tremper and directed by Frank Wisbar.
Plot.
The young journalist Bachmann (Horst Buchholz) is released from prison by the intervention of Cesar Boyd (Martin Held), a respected and prosperous journalist who hires him as his assistant. Bachmann had been in jail for his attempt to interview war criminals at Spandau prison. Bachmann works for Boyd who acts as his mentor, however, Bachmann’s stories are published under Boyd’s name. Bettina (Maria Perschy), the daughter of a friend comes to study in Berlin and will stay at Boyd. Both Bachmann who picks her up at the airport and Boyd develop an interest in the young woman. In the commotion, a story that has to go out to a Paris newspaper is not prepared, and Boyd, after listening to a tale from his chauffeur Jupp (Gert Fröbe), in the last minute makes up a story of five German soldiers who have lived in a supply bunker in Poland for six years where they had gotten trapped when it was exploded at the end of the war. There is one survivor, now blind, who was brought to a hospital. The story becomes an international sensation and people want to know more. Journalists are sent to Poland to investigate. The Russians suspect the story to be a ruse to send spies. Pressure is put on the Polish government to release the blind soldier. In Germany, widows believe the blind soldier may be their missing husband. Bachmann who initially thought that Boyd had reliable sources for his story, soon recognizes that it is all a big lie. He breaks with his mentor, and tries to warn the public about the hoax. He convinces Bettina of Boyd’s lies, and both of them leave him to start a new beginning.
Comments.
The black-and-white movie features Horst Buchholz who was already already a star at this time and dubbed the German James Dean. Gert Fröbe has a supporting role. It also brought wider attention to Maria Perschy, and all three actors would soon move on to go to a Hollywood career before they would return to Europe. In contrast Frank Wisbar had come from Hollywood and "Nasser Asphalt" was one of several films he made in post-war Germany to deal with the lessons of the war and Germany's recent history. The film is set in war-scarred Berlin.
While the DVD version of the film is marketed as a film noir, it lacks the characteristic of the film noir genre.
In the English-dubbed version the site of the exploded bunker is given implausibly as Göttingen as a place near Danzig (Gdansk) in Poland; the German version has it as Gdingen (Gdynia).

</doc>
<doc id="19540030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540030" title="Janina San Miguel">
Janina San Miguel

Janina Miller San Miguel (born November 14, 1990) is a Filipino beauty queen who was crowned Binibining Pilipinas World at the Binibining Pilipinas 2008 beauty pageant. She gained notoriety for her performance in the pageant's question and answer portion, where she lost her composure and gave an unfocused and rambling response with a thick accent. A video of the incident has garnered millions of views on websites such as YouTube.
San Miguel resigned from her title in September 2008, citing personal reasons including the death of her grandfather. The title was transferred to first runner up Danielle Castaño, who went on to represent the country at the Miss World 2008 pageant.
Background.
Janina San Miguel came from a poor family living in a residential compound in Quezon City, Metro Manila. She is the eldest of three children, with her father working as a jeepney driver and her mother as a laundry washer or "labandera" (hired to wash other people's clothes).
At the time of the Binibining Pilipinas 2008 pageant, San Miguel was a freshman student taking up broadcast communication at the University of the East in Manila, with the ambition of becoming a professional broadcaster. She had previously garnered first runner-up at her school's "Mister and Miss UE" pageant, and said she joined the Binibining Pilipinas competition to gain "experiences, new friends and opportunities".
Binibining Pilipinas.
The 2008 Binibining Pilipinas pageant was held on March 8, 2008 at the Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City, Metro Manila. At seventeen years old, Janina San Miguel was the youngest contestant of the twenty-four women in the competition, as well as one of the tallest at 5 ft 11 in (180 cm). Early in the competition, San Miguel had won special awards for "Best in Swimsuit" and "Best in Long Gown".
Question and answer.
As part of the question and answer portion of the pageant, candidates were made to randomly select the name of their questioner-judge out of a fishbowl. The name that San Miguel picked was that of Vivienne Tan, who asked "What role did your family play for you as candidate to Binibining Pilipinas?"
San Miguel responded:
As San Miguel lost her composure in giving her answer, the audience reacted with jeers and applause, as well as laughter from the panel of judges and other contestants. Midway through her answer, pageant host Paolo Bediones encouraged her off-microphone to continue in Tagalog, though she proceeded with her response in English.
Despite the problems with her answer, she went on to win the competition and was crowned Binibining Pilipinas World. The criteria for judging the winner of the pageant allotted 80 percent to physical beauty, leaving just 20 percent to be divided evenly between personality and intelligence. Bediones later defended San Miguel, saying "I admire her for not buckling under the pressure and for being as blatantly honest as possible". However, he also added, "No matter how badly she may have performed in the Q&A, she couldn't have lost much considering she had a huge headstart in the scores". Winning the title made her the official designated Philippine delegate to the Miss World 2008 pageant, which was scheduled to be held later that year in Kiev, Ukraine (the venue was later moved to Johannesburg, South Africa due to the conflict between Georgia and Russia).
San Miguel has admitted to being offended by criticism of her response. In an interview with entertainment commentator Ricky Lo a week after the event, she explained that she did not comprehend the question clearly when she was on stage at the pageant, due to the softness of the questioner's voice. When given another opportunity to answer the same question, she smiled and said, "My family is my inspiration".
Reaction.
Video clips of her response have been uploaded to YouTube and garnered over 3 million views. Rep. Eduardo Gullas, a senior lawmaker in the Philippine House of Representatives who authored a bill to reinstate English as the medium of instruction in schools, said the video of the incident was "tormenting to watch", and added, "She is a Filipino, and English is our highly favored second language. So people expected more from her." Following the incident, the director of the Technical Education and Skills Development Authority offered to coordinate with pageant organizers to conduct English courses for all Miss Philippines candidates to better express themselves.
San Miguel's response has drawn comparisons between her and Melanie Marquez, Filipina winner of the 1979 Miss International pageant who is well-known for her shortcomings in speaking English.
Resignation.
It was announced on September 30, 2008 that Janina San Miguel had resigned her position of Binibining Pilipinas World. A short official statement released by Binibining Pilipinas Charities said "The untimely demise of her grandfather, among other personal reasons, has caused her undue stress, thus hindering her from fulfilling her duties for the said title". Her resignation came months after winning the title, and just months before the scheduled Miss World pageant.
The announcement of her resignation was met with speculation that San Miguel had been forced by Binibining Pilipinas pageant organizers to relinquish her title due to a lack of professionalism during preparatory training sessions, which strained the patience of her mentors and superiors. In a later interview, she admitted that due to multiple conflicts in schedule she was unable to attend all the training sessions arranged for her by pageant organizers, which included sessions to improve her speaking ability. She also admitted to throwing a fit in the middle of a rehearsal when she received news that her grandfather was dying, and demanded that she be allowed to leave.
In accordance with pageant rules, San Miguel's title was automatically transferred to the first runner up, Danielle Castaño. Castaño represented the Philippines at the Miss World 2008 pageant held in Johannesburg, South Africa in December 2008, where she placed as a finalist in the Miss World Beach Beauty fast track event and a semi-finalist in the Miss World Top Model fast track event.
Entertainment career.
San Miguel was strongly considered for a role as a contestant in the of the reality television series Survivor Philippines, which began filming in May 2009. Though one of the show's criteria is that the contestants must not be celebrities, San Miguel was not regarded to be a celebrity by the show's producers. Show host Paolo Bediones (who incidentally also hosted the Binibining Pilipinas pageant) explained in an interview that she was a shoo-in for the part, but decided to back out at the last minute.
In August 2009, San Miguel became a contestant in the third season of . In the season's first three episodes, she performed duets with Maureen Larrazabal, Bituin Escalante, and Paolo Ballesteros. However, she garnered the lowest number of text votes in the first round of eliminations, and became the first contestant voted off of the show on September 12, 2009.
San Miguel has stated that she is refraining from focusing full time on her entertainment career due to her ongoing studies, though she continues to work on her figure in preparation for modeling opportunities. On October 23, 2009, she was one of the ten finalists in the Philippine qualifying round of the Ford Models Supermodel of the World modeling contest, which was held at the SMX Convention Center in Pasay. She advanced to the top three, but the contest was won by Charlene Almarvez, who went on to win first-runner up to Karlina Caune of the Baltics in the Supermodel of the World finals held in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19540045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540045" title="Nea Ekklesia">
Nea Ekklesia

The Nea Ekklēsia (, "New Church") was a church built by Byzantine Emperor Basil I the Macedonian in Constantinople between the years 876–80. It was the first monumental church built in the Byzantine capital after the Hagia Sophia in the 6th century, and marks the beginning of middle period of Byzantine architecture. It continued in use until the Palaiologan period. Used as a gunpowder magazine by the Ottomans, the building was destroyed in 1490 after being struck by lightning. In English usage, the church is usually referred to as The Nea.
History.
Emperor Basil I was the founder of the Macedonian dynasty, the most successful in Byzantine history. Basil regarded himself as a restorer of the empire, a new Justinian, and initiated a great building program in Constantinople in emulation his great predecessor. The "Nea" was to be Basil’s Hagia Sophia, with its very name, "New Church", implying the beginning of a new era.
The church was built under the personal supervision of Basil, in the southeastern corner of the Great Palace complex, near the location of the earlier "tzykanistērion" (polo field). Basil built another church nearby, the "Theotokos of the Pharos". The "Nea" was consecrated on 1 May 880 by Patriarch Photius, and dedicated to Jesus Christ, the archangel Michael (in later sources, Gabriel), the Prophet Elijah (one of Basil’s favorite saints), the Virgin Mary and St Nicholas.
It is indicative of Basil's intentions for this church that he endowed it with its own administration and estates, on the model of the Hagia Sophia. During his and his immediate successors’ reign, the "Nea" played an important role in palace ceremonies, and at least until the reign of Constantine VII, the anniversary of its consecration was a major dynastic feast. At some point in the late 11th century it was turned into a monastery, and was known as the "New Monastery" (Νέα Μονή). Emperor Isaac II Angelos stripped it of much of its decoration, its furniture and liturgical vessels, and used them to restore the church of St Michael at Anaplous. The building continued to be used by the Latins and survived the Palaiologan period until after the Ottoman conquest of the city. The Ottomans however used it for gunpowder storage. Thus in 1490, when the building was struck by a lightning, it was destroyed and subsequently torn down. As a result, the only information we have about the church comes from literary evidence, especially the mid-10th century "Vita Basilii", as well a few crude depictions in maps.
Description.
As noted, not much is known about the details of the structure. The church was built with five domes: the central dome was dedicated to Christ while the four smaller ones housed chapels of the four other saints to whom the church was dedicated. The exact arrangement of the domes and the type of the church are disputed. Most scholars consider it to have been a cross-in-square structure, similar to the later Myrelaion and Lips Monastery churches. Indeed, the widespread use of this type throughout the Orthodox world, from the Balkans to Russia, is commonly ascribed to the prestige of this imperial building.
The church was the crowning achievement of Basil's building program, and he spared no expense to decorate it as lavishly as possible: other churches and structures in the capital, including the mausoleum of Justinian, were stripped, and the Imperial fleet employed with transporting marble for its construction, with the result that Syracuse, the main Byzantine stronghold in Sicily, was left unsupported and fell to the Arabs.
Basil's grandson, the Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus, gives the following description of the church's decoration in a laudatory "ekphrasis":
The atrium of the church lay before its western entrance, and was decorated with two fountains of marble and porphyry. Two porticoes ran along the northern and southern sides of the church up to the "tzykanistērion", and on the seaward (southern) side, a treasury and a sacristy were built. To the east of the church complex lay a garden, known as "mesokēpion" ("middle garden").
Relics.
Along with the oratory of St Stephen in the Daphne Palace and the Church of the Virgin of the Pharos, the "Nea" was the chief repository of holy relics in the imperial palace. These included the sheepskin cloak of the prophet Elijah, the table of Abraham, at which he hosted three angels, the horn which the prophet Samuel had used to anoint David, and relics of Constantine the Great. After the 10th century, further relics were apparently moved there from other locations in the palace, including the "rod of Moses" from the Chrysotriklinos.

</doc>
<doc id="19540051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540051" title="William Littlewood">
William Littlewood

William Littlewood was an aeronautical engineer noted for his contributions to the design and operational requirements of Transport aircraft. He was the only person to preside over both SAE and AIAA, two of the main aerospace professional organizations. He won the Wright Brothers Medal in 1935 for a paper on the operational requirements of transports and is memorialized by the SAE "William Littlewood Memorial Lecture".

</doc>
<doc id="19540055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540055" title="Nikolay Arabov">
Nikolay Arabov

Nikolay Arabov () (born 14 November 1953) is a former Bulgarian footballer and Bulgaria international. He was a defender.
Career.
Arabov made his debut for Sliven in 1971 and stayed in the club for 15 years, with 310 games in A PFG. Capped 42 times for the Bulgaria national football team in the period 1976 - 1986, including 3 games at 1986 FIFA World Cup in Mexico. Arabov has also played for Spartak Pleven, Lokomotiv Plovdiv, Anagennisi Dherynia and Albanian KF Tirana before returning to Sliven for its last season in A PFG (1993). After his retirement as a player Arabov worked for long years in Albania, coaching KF Tirana, KF Partizani and KS Flamurtari.

</doc>
<doc id="19540058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540058" title="Croatian studies">
Croatian studies

Croatian studies (Croatian: "Kroatistika", German: "Kroatistik", Polish: "Kroatystyka") is an academic discipline within Slavic studies which is concerned with the study of Croatian language, literature, history and culture. Within Slavic studies it belongs to the South Slavic subgroup. 
Beside Croatia, Croatian studies is taught at universities in Hungary, Ukraine, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Poland, Bulgaria, Romania, India, Canada, Australia and China.

</doc>
<doc id="19540061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540061" title="Francisco José Caeiro">
Francisco José Caeiro

Francisco José Caeiro (Arraiolos, Vimieiro, March 6, 1890 – Lisbon, May 24, 1956) was a Portuguese politician and former Minister and law professor.
Background.
He was the son of Faustino José Caeiro and wife Emília Augusta da Conceição, both born and married in Arraiolos, Vimieiro; paternal grandson of Francisco José Caeiro and wife Rosa Maria, and maternal grandson of Manuel da Rosa de Brito and wife Emília da Conceição.
Career.
He was a Licentiate and a Cathedratic Professor of Law from the Faculty of Law of the University of Coimbra.
He started his career as a lawyer.
He was Counselor, Minister and the 4th Attorney-General of the Republic.
He was the Proprietor of the Palace of the Farm of a Azaruja.
Family.
He married in Lisbon on June 11, 1921 to Deolinda de Sousa de Lima Ferreira da Gama (Vila do Conde, São Simão da Junqueira, August 8, 1895 –), daughter of Aníbal Ferreira da Gama, born in Vale de Espinhal, and wife Deolinda de Sousa de Lima; they had issue, three children: 

</doc>
<doc id="19540065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540065" title="Nyabing, Western Australia">
Nyabing, Western Australia

Nyabing is a small town in the Great Southern region of Western Australia. The name is of Aboriginal origin and is thought to derive from the Aboriginal word "ne-yameng" which is the name of an everlasting flower "Rhodanthe manglesii."
The first Europeans to visit the area were sandalwood cutters and the first lease taken in the area was by settler John Hassell in 1873.
The townsite was planned in 1911 as part of the Great Southern Railway the name given to the siding was Nampup. The name Nampup is also Aboriginal in origin and is the name of a local soak. Lots were surveyed later in the year and the town was gazetted in 1912.
The name was changed later that year after several complaints that Nampup was too similar to Nannup so the town was renamed to Nyabing.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.

</doc>
<doc id="19540070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540070" title="Melanie Blunt">
Melanie Blunt

Melanie Anderson Blunt is the wife of former Missouri Governor Matt Blunt, serving as First Lady of Missouri from 2005 to 2009.
During that period, she was the youngest spouse of a U.S. state governor in the United States. She was succeeded as First Lady by Georganne W. Nixon, the wife of Governor Jay Nixon, on January 12, 2009.
Early life.
Melanie Anderson was born in Middleburg, Virginia in Loudoun County and attended James Madison University in Harrisonburg, Virginia, where she graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in Fashion Merchandising. After college, she managed retail stores for The Limited and Talbots and met Matt Blunt during his active service in the U.S. Navy. They were married in 1997 and moved to her husband's hometown of Springfield, Missouri.
Their first son, William Branch Blunt, was born in March 2005, two months after his father took office as Governor. Their second son, Brooks Anderson Blunt, was born on January 1, 2010.
Historic preservation efforts.
Blunt led an initiative to restore the Missouri Governor's Mansion, a Renaissance Revival-style home designed by St. Louis architect George Ingham Barnett and completed in 1871.
Blunt's efforts included successfully lobbying the General Assembly for $3.1 million in funding, as well as hosting a luncheon with the First Ladies, the first-ever event to bring together Missouri's First Ladies for a common cause.
Charitable works.
Blunt served as honorary chair of Missouri Citizens for the Arts from 2007 to 2008. She has also taken active leadership roles in Habitat for Humanity and Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure.

</doc>
<doc id="19540111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540111" title="AristoMedia">
AristoMedia

The AristoMedia Group is a Nashville-based, independent entertainment marketing/media/promotion firm representing country music artists and industry clients. The company was founded in 1980 by former Con Brio Records Vice President, Jeff Walker. Primary services The AristoMedia Group provides include: Christian and Country video promotion, secondary radio promotion, dance club venue marketing and promotion, new media services, entertainment publicity and video content/EPK distribution. <br> 
The AristoMedia Group is comprised specifically of the following branded divisions and services: Aristo PR (publicity), AristoVision (Christian video promotion), AristoVideo (Country video promotion), AristoWorks (new media services), The Goodland Group (video reel distribution), Jeff Walker & Associates (international and domestic entertainment consultation), Marco Music Group (secondary radio promotion), Marco Club Connection (dance club venue marketing), The Goodland Group (music publishing) and DownCast (video content and EPK distribution service).

</doc>
<doc id="19540127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540127" title="Komagawa Kaishin-ryū">
Komagawa Kaishin-ryū

Renewed Heart: the transmission of Shinkage-ryū.
Komagawa Tarōzaemon first learned Shinkage-ryū from Kamiizumi Ise no kami Nobutsuna. But even though he soon felt confident in his skills, Kamiizumi would refuse to give him the Shinkage-ryū "menkyo", only saying that Komagawa had a "bad habit" in his movements. Komagawa felt wronged by his teacher's constant rebuttals and decided to take the high road and impress Kamiizumi by getting a "menkyo" in many other kenjutsu ryū. Returning some years later with over a dozen "menkyo", he tried to get Kamiizumi to give him his hard-earned Shinkage-ryū "menkyo" at last by showing him what he had learned. But Kamiizumi didn't flinch a bit and stuck to his previous statement about Komagawa having something not quite right in his movements. Then something happened that made Komagawa change his outlook on his whole practice up to then. One evening, while Komagawa was deeply engaged in training, a pack of wolf sneaked up on him. He only had a "wakizashi" on himself at the time, but he still managed to drive off the pack by repeatedly using a single technique, technique which would later become the first "tachi" "kata" and the basis of Komagawa Kaishin-ryū's whole curriculum. During the tense fight, Komagawa realized that he was left-handed and that this was what Kamiizumi referred to by saying he had a "bad habit". Komagawa then rebased his whole attitude towards his teacher and changed his name to "Kaishin" or "renewed heart" to show that fact. After correcting his movements, he was finally given a Shinkage-ryū "menkyo" by Kamiizumi. Komagawa then taught under the banner of Shinkage-ryū. The name of the "ryū" was changed to its present name by one of Komagawa's student, Sakurada Jirōzaemon Sadakuni (桜田次郎左衛門貞国). Sakurada also added the jutte kata to the curriculum.
The "Meiwa" incident.
In 1767 (Meiwa 4), a samurai by the name of Fujii Umon Sadayuki (藤井右門定之), real name Fujii Naoaki Yoshitarō (藤井直明吉太郎), was sentenced and executed for "lèse majesté" towards the Tokugawa Shogunate along with his teacher, a renowned scholar of Confucianism and military strategy named Yamagata Daini. They were denounced by troublemakers on the public place thus forcing the shogunate into investigating the allegations, which were that they conspired to mount a revolt against the shogunate in an attempt to reestablish the Emperor as "de facto" ruler of Japan. Since the trials and subsequent verdicts were kept secret even though the accusations were first made publicly, both were in the meantime unjustly vilified by the public as traitors to the shōgun and disturbers of the peace. The vilification intensified after their executions, which were made in public, while the specific offenses under which they were condemned still remained secret. The reason to this secrecy may be that the shogunate wanted the rumours about their association with the restoration movement to continue, although the two men were ultimately not found guilty of advocating the restoration of power to the Emperor. It was true, however, that Yamagata criticized the Tokugawa regime in a published book, and so the shogunate felt they had to act rapidly. The students of Yamagata were thus almost immediately released, except for Umon who was directly implicated in the original allegations as he was the one who spurred the troublemakers. The student and the teacher were later executed, in all probability as a deterrent to the proponents of restoration, while the troublemakers were exiled.
At the time of this incident, Umon was the chief proponent of Komagawa Kaishin-ryū, going so far as to add a complete series of "kodachi" kata in the curriculum, a series that has been handed down to this day. As a consequence of the bad influence brought on the "ryūs name by Umon's involvement in what was then seen by the public at large as an attempted revolt, many if not all fiefs closed down their Komagawa Kaishin-ryū school branches. Even in Toyama, the birthplace of the "ryū", it has since then been publicly referred to by the name of its parent art, the Shinkage-ryū. The secrecy was so complete that even the grandfather of the current sōke, the 13th sōke Kuroda Yasuji, thought when he was young that he was practicing Shinkage-ryū. Only by comparing his techniques with practitioners of other "ryū" did the thought cross his mind that he did not actually practice Shinkage-ryū at all. He then asked his own father, the 11th sōke Kuroda Hiroshi Masakuni, who passed down this story about the concealment of the "ryūs real name and origins. Yasuji was thus the first to use the name "Komagawa Kaishin-ryū" outside of Toyama since the incident when he relocated to Tokyo at the start of the Taishō period.
Teaching.
In most koryū, teaching duty is either fully delegated (as in present Katori Shintō-ryū) and/or divided between many teachers who have received official permission to teach, some of whom are sometimes permitted to teach only a certain part of the curriculum. This permission is usually granted through a document, most often called a menkyo kaiden or "license of transmission", which certifies that the holder knows all the technical curriculum that can be taught or that he is qualified to teach (sometimes there are "secret teachings" or "okugi" that are only transmitted from sōke to sōke). Komagawa Kaishin-ryū however is unusual in that the only authorized teacher is the sōke himself. This means that in order to learn a technique or kata, you have to learn it from Kuroda Tetsuzan directly. This is in order to preserve the kata's original forms as best as possible. The same holds true for all "ryū" of which Kuroda sensei is the sōke.
There is only one actual dōjō, the Shinbukan Kuroda Dojo (振武舘 黒田道場) in Saitama, although there are a total of six "keikokai" or practice groups around the world. Two of these are in Japan (Kami-itabashi in Tokyo and Amagasaki in Kansai), three in the United-States of America (San Antonio, Encinitas and Chicago) and one in France (Paris). The locations outside Japan are visited once a year. Kuroda sensei personally examines the candidacy of prospective students; enquiries should be made to the geographically closest practice group, excluding those in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19540147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540147" title="Sharmaine Arnaiz">
Sharmaine Arnaiz

Sharmaine Arnaiz (born November 1, 1974) is a Filipino actress.
Biography.
She was born Sharmila Velasco Pribhdas-Shahani to an Indian father and a mother of Ilongga ancestry. She has a younger sister who is also an actress named Bunny Paras and their mother is the sister of the mother of Patrick Garcia and Cheska Garcia.

</doc>
<doc id="19540153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540153" title="All Saints Anglican Church (Dominion City, Manitoba)">
All Saints Anglican Church (Dominion City, Manitoba)

The former All Saints Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located at 48 Centennial Drive, Dominion City, in the Rural Municipality of Franklin in Manitoba, Canada. Built in 1879 as an Episcopal Methodist church with a steep pitched roof and lancet windows, it is a modest example of Carpenter Gothic church style. In 1908, it was bought by the Anglican Parish of Dominion City which moved it to its present location and expanded to include the more elaborate details typical of Carpenter Gothic style Anglican churches.
All Saints is a municipal heritage site (No. M0093) as designated by the rural municipality of Franklin on June 8, 1993. The church closed in the 1960s and in 1985 it was bought by the Franklin Crafts Club. Since 1992 it has been the Franklin Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19540157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540157" title="Chang-Hong Art Gallery">
Chang-Hong Art Gallery

Overlooking the Wen River in Yinan, Shandong, China, Chang-Hong Art Gallery is a gallery for contemporary and historical art, with exhibitions changing quarterly. Chang-Hong Art Gallery’s permanent collection includes over 1,200 works of art.
Chang-Hong Art Gallery’s mandate is to operate and maintain in the City and online a public museum for the collection, exhibition, preservation and interpretation of works of art and for the development of public understanding and appreciation of art.

</doc>
<doc id="19540170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540170" title="Siege of Fort Stanwix">
Siege of Fort Stanwix

The Siege of Fort Stanwix (also known at the time as Fort Schuyler) began on August 2, 1777, and ended August 22. Fort Stanwix, in the Mohawk River Valley, was then the primary defense point for the Continental Army against British and Indian forces aligned against them in the American Revolutionary War. The fort was occupied by Continental Army forces from New York and Massachusetts under the command of Colonel Peter Gansevoort. The besieging force was composed of British regulars, American Loyalists, Hessian soldiers from Hesse-Hanau, and Indians, under the command of British Brigadier General Barry St. Leger and the Iroquois leader Joseph Brant. St. Leger's expedition was a diversion in support of General John Burgoyne's campaign to gain control of the Hudson River Valley.
One attempt at relief was thwarted early in the siege when a force of New York militia under Nicholas Herkimer was stopped in the August 6 Battle of Oriskany by a detachment of St. Leger's forces. While that battle did not involve the fort's garrison, some of its occupants sortied and raided the nearly empty Indian and Loyalist camps, which was a blow to the morale of St. Leger's Indian support. The siege was finally broken when American reinforcements under the command of Benedict Arnold neared, and Arnold used a ruse, with the assistance of Herkimer's relative Hon Yost Schuyler, to convince the besiegers that a much larger force was arriving. This misinformation, combined with the loss of Indian fighters not interested in siege warfare and upset over loss of their personal belongings, led St. Leger to abandon the effort and retreat.
St. Leger's failure to advance on Albany contributed to Burgoyne's surrender following the Battles of Saratoga in October 1777. Although he reached Fort Ticonderoga in late September, St. Leger's arrival there was too late to be of help to Burgoyne.
The first official US flag was flown during battle on August 3, 1777 at Fort Schuyler. The Continental Congress adopted the following resolution on June 14, 1777: "Resolved, that the flag of the United States be thirteen stripes, alternate red and white; that the union be thirteen stars, white, on a blue field, representing a new constellation." There was a delay in displaying this flag. The resolution was not officially promulgated over the signature of the secretary of the Congress until September 3, though it was previously printed in the newspapers. Massachusetts reinforcements brought news of the adoption by Congress of the official flag. Soldiers cut up their shirts to make the white stripes; scarlett material to form the red was secured from red flannel petticoats of officers' wives, while material for the blue union was secured from Capt. Abraham Swartwout's blue cloth coat. A voucher is extant that the Capt. Swartwout was paid by Congress for his coat for the flag.
Background.
Fort Stanwix occupied a strategic portage known as the Oneida Carrying Place (site of modern Rome, New York) between the Mohawk River, which flowed southeast to the Hudson River, and Wood Creek, whose waters ultimately led to Lake Ontario. Built by the British in 1758 during the French and Indian War on the only dry ground in the area, it had fallen into disrepair. When the American Revolutionary War widened in 1776 to include the frontier areas between New York and the Province of Quebec, the site again assumed strategic importance.
British Colonial Secretary Lord Germain and General John Burgoyne developed a plan for gaining control of the Hudson River valley that included an expedition that King George described as a "diversion on the Mohawk River". In March 1777 Germain issued orders assigning the expedition to Lieutenant Colonel Barry St. Leger, an experienced frontier fighter who had served in the French and Indian War.
Forces assemble.
In April 1777, Continental Army Major General Philip Schuyler ordered the 3rd New York Regiment under the command of Colonel Peter Gansevoort to occupy and rehabilitate the fort as a defense against British and Native incursions from Quebec. Arriving in May, they immediately began working on the fort's defenses. Although they officially renamed the fort to "Fort Schuyler", it was still widely known by its original name. Warnings from the friendly Oneida Indians that the British were planning an expedition to the Mohawk Valley were confirmed by mid-July, spurring the pace of the work. In early July, Gansevoort reported on the state of affairs to Schuyler, noting that provisions and ammunition were in short supply. Schuyler ordered additional supplies sent to the fort on July 8.
St. Leger, who was brevetted a brigadier general for the expedition, assembled a diverse force consisting of British regulars from the 8th and 34th Regiments, a number of artillerymen, 80 jäger from Hesse-Hanau, 350 Loyalists from the King's Royal Regiment of New York, a company of Butler's Rangers, and about 100 Canadien laborers. His artillery consisted of two six-pound pieces, two 3-pounders, and four small mortars. He expected these to be adequate for the taking of a dilapidated fort with about 60 defenders, which was the latest intelligence he had when the expedition left Lachine, near Montreal, on June 23.
St. Leger first learned that the Americans had occupied Stanwix in force when prisoners captured from its garrison were brought to him on the St. Lawrence. He learned from the prisoners that Fort Stanwix had been repaired and was "garrisoned by upwards of 600 men ... and the rebels are expecting us, and are acquainted with our strength and route". Daniel Claus, the Indian agent accompanying the expedition, convinced St. Leger to go to Oswego, where a body of Indians could be recruited. They arrived at Oswego, New York on July 14, where Joseph Brant and about 800 Indians joined the expedition. These consisted mainly of Mohawks and Senecas, but there were also tribal members from the Iroquois League (other than the Oneidas and the Tuscaroras, who still claimed neutrality), and some Indians from the Great Lakes area.
After leaving Oswego another report reached St. Leger that more supplies were en route to the fort. St. Leger immediately dispatched Brant with 200 Indians and 30 regulars to intercept those supplies and begin besieging the fort. Brant's arrival at the fort on August 2 was just too late. The supply convoy, which was guarded by 200 men from the 9th Massachusetts Regiment, had arrived and been unloaded. Brant's men were able to capture the convoy's boat captain; the Massachusetts men remained in the fort. St. Leger's main force arrived the next day, although the artillery did not arrive for several more days.
Siege begins.
At first, St. Leger tried to intimidate the fort's occupants by parading his troops—including the Indians in their war dress—in front of the fort. When this failed he sent a truce flag bearing a proclamation authored by General Burgoyne; Gansevoort refused to respond. St. Leger then began siege operations, encamping the regulars and artillery on a low rise north of the fort, and most of the Indians and Loyalists to its south, with a picket line of Indian encampments along the Mohawk River.
St. Leger's artillery was held up by a tactic that was also used to slow down Burgoyne's army after the fall of Ticonderoga. Gansevoort and his men had systematically felled trees across the wooded track the expedition came down, and St. Leger needed to clear the track to make way for his artillery. This work occupied all but 250 of St. Leger's white men, with the actual encirclement of the fort dominated by Indians.
On August 5, St. Leger received word from Joseph Brant's sister Molly that an American relief column was marching up the Mohawk valley.
Oriskany.
The Tryon County Committee of Safety received news of St. Leger's movements on July 30, and set about raising additional troops. On August 4, about 800 men from the Tryon County militia were mustered at Fort Dayton (near modern Herkimer, New York) by Nicholas Herkimer, the committee chairman. By late the next day the column had arrived within of Fort Stanwix. St. Leger, on learning of their approach, sent Johnson with a small number of regulars and rangers, along with Brant and most of the Indians, to oppose Herkimer's advance. They set up an ambush, and in a bloody confrontation near Oriskany Creek, both sides suffered significant casualties, including Herkimer, who suffered a serious wound to the leg. The Americans drove St. Leger's detachment back, but Herkimer (who eventually died of his wounds) was forced to retreat back to Fort Dayton due to the large number of casualties. The confrontation came at another cost to St. Leger. Gansevoort's besieged men took advantage of the absence of a sizable part of St. Leger's force to make a sortie, in which Gansevoort's second-in-command, Marinus Willett, led 250 men out and looted the nearly empty Indian camps of "several wagon-loads of spoils", including John Johnson's orderly book, plans for the expedition, and a letter the British had intercepted from Gansevoort's fiancée. The tale of this party recovering actual wagonloads of materials is probably untrue. It likely dates to a memoir by Marinus Willett written late in his life; no contemporaneous accounts of the sortie, including Willett's earlier journals, mention the need for wagons.
When the British force returned from Oriskany they arrived at a camp that had been stripped of much, including personal belongings and the blankets the Indians slept in. Combined with the fact that the battle at Oriskany had cost so many Indian lives, this greatly upset the Indians. They had been told that the white men, who had thus far fought relatively little, would do most of the fighting. This breach of trust damaged relations between the Indians and St. Leger, and became instrumental in the eventual failure of the siege.
St. Leger took advantage of his victory to deliver another demand for the fort's surrender, which Gansevoort also rejected. The next day St. Leger sent in a third surrender demand, which included (false) news that Burgoyne was in Albany as well as threats that the Indians would be permitted to massacre the garrison and destroy the Mohawk valley communities from which the garrison was drawn. In an eloquent refusal, Lieutenant Colonel Willett responded, "By your uniform you are British officers. Therefore let me tell you that the message you have brought is a degrading one for a British officer to send and by no means reputable for a British officer to carry."
Taking advantage of a brief truce, Gansevoort sent Willett and another officer out on August 8 to notify Schuyler of their situation. After making their way through swampy territory on the British lines, they continued down the Mohawk valley, eventually meeting a relief column under the command of Major General Benedict Arnold.
Siege relief.
Schuyler had received early reports of the action at Oriskany on August 8, and dispatched Ebenezer Learned's 4th Massachusetts Regiment to relieve the besieged fort the next day. On August 12, even before Willett could reach him, Schuyler held a war council to decide how to deal with the combined threats of St. Leger and Burgoyne, whose large army had reached the Hudson River. Amid concerns that the withdrawal from Ticonderoga by General Arthur St. Clair would be repeated at Stanwix, the council decided, with near unanimity, not to send a relief column to Fort Stanwix. In opposition to the council, Schuyler insisted on a relief expedition, which Arnold offered to lead. In addition to Schuyler's actions, Major General Israel Putnam, based in Peekskill, New York, on August 14 dispatched two regiments (the 1st Canadian and the 2nd New York), which were already on guard duty in the Mohawk River valley. These two units were still en route when the siege was lifted, and turned back.
By August 20, Arnold, Willett and 700 Continental Army regulars had arrived at Fort Dayton. In an attempt to enlarge his force, Arnold tried to interest the Tryon County men in another attempt against St. Leger, but raised only about 100 men. He then decided to wait, hoping that friendly Oneidas and Tuscaroras could be convinced to join the effort, or that a request to Schuyler for another 1,000 men would be fulfilled. However, news reached him that the siege had reached a critical stage, and that action was necessary. St. Leger had learned that his guns were largely ineffective against the fort's walls from long range, so he began entrenching operations to establish positions closer to the fort. Gansevoort reported that the siege trenches had reached within striking distance of one of the fort's bastions.
Uncomfortable with the number of troops available to him, Arnold opted for a deception to sow trouble in the British camp. While at Fort Dayton, a number of Loyalists had been arrested, including Han Yost Schuyler. Arnold convinced Hon Yost, a member of the King's Royal Regiment of New York who grew up with many of the Mohawk Indians attacking Fort Stanwix, to spread rumors that large numbers of Americans, under the command of "The Dark Eagle", were about to descend on St. Leger's camp. Hon Yost's good conduct was assured by holding hostage his brother.
Arnold's stratagem seems to have met with some success. St. Leger recorded on August 21 that "Arnold was advancing, by rapid and forced marches, with 3,000 men", even though Arnold was still at Fort Dayton on that day. When St. Leger held a council, about 200 Indians had already abandoned the camp, and in the council the remaining Indians, unhappy with siege warfare and the loss of their equipment, threatened to leave if he did not lift the siege. On August 22, St. Leger broke camp and began the trek back to Lake Ontario, leaving behind a sizable amount of equipment. A number of men from St. Leger's party deserted or were captured by the fort's garrison, including Hon Yost.
Aftermath.
Arnold, whose force was augmented by the arrival of friendly Indians, advanced about toward Fort Stanwix on August 23 when a messenger from Gansevoort notified him of St. Leger's departure. Pushing on, they reached the fort that evening. Early the next day, Arnold detached 500 men to pursue St. Leger, whose column was also being taunted and harassed by his formerly supportive Indian allies. An advance party reached the shores of Oneida Lake in heavy rain just as the last of St. Leger's boats were departing. Leaving a garrison at the fort, with smaller outposts along the Mohawk, Arnold then hurried back with about 1,200 men to rejoin the main army.
While still on Oneida Lake, St. Leger learned from an Indian messenger of the true state of Arnold's force. On August 27, St. Leger wrote to Burgoyne from Oswego that he intended to join him by traveling via Lake Champlain. He reached Fort Ticonderoga on September 29, too late to assist Burgoyne.
Burgoyne blamed the failure of his campaign in part on St. Leger's failure to penetrate the Mohawk valley, and the lack of sufficient Loyalist support. He believed that a well-placed Loyalist uprising in upstate New York would have diverted enough American resources that either his advance or St. Leger's would have succeeded. He was also hopeful that St. Leger's arrival at Ticonderoga would be sufficient to assist in his retreat. However, he was already surrounded by the time St. Leger arrived at Ticonderoga, and surrendered after the Battle of Bemis Heights (second Saratoga). In an analysis after the surrender, Burgoyne noted that the failure of General William Howe to support him made it possible for Washington to divert resources from the area around New York City to assist both in the relief of Stanwix and at Saratoga.
Fort Stanwix itself saw little action after the siege, although it was a dangerous and unpopular posting because of regular harassment by Loyalists and hostile Indians. In the spring of 1779 the Continental Army used the fort as a staging ground for the destruction of Onondaga Castle. In 1780, the garrison was blockaded for several days by a large force of Indians led by Joseph Brant. Finally, in the spring of 1781, when flood and fire (most likely arson) destroyed most of the fort, the Americans evacuated the post.
Legacy.
Fort Stanwix was eventually destroyed in the 19th century. The site was designated a U.S. National Monument in 1935. In 1961 the site was designated a National Historic Landmark, and in 1966 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The fort was reconstructed in the 1970s by the National Park Service.

</doc>
<doc id="19540173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540173" title="Leopold Ross">
Leopold Ross

Leopold Ross is an English musician, record producer, recording engineer and music programmer.
Leopold is a guitarist in LA based band Io Echo.
Career.
Leopold was a founder member of eclectic rock band Nojahoda who released one album on Sony S2 Records in 1999.
In 2003 he joined his brother Atticus Ross, as well as Bad Religion member Brett Gurewitz in the punk/hardcore band Error. Along with temporary vocalist Greg Puciato, the band recorded and released a well received EP on Epitaph Records in 2004. The group eventually disbanded due to a lack of full-time vocalist. Around this time Leopold also helped to compose the music for the USA Network show Touching Evil.
Leopold has since worked with artists including Bad Religion, Grace Jones, Korn, Dillinger Escape Plan, Rancid, The Transplants, Sage Francis, Brigitte Fontaine, and Brett Anderson working in various capacities including helping to produce and engineer records as well as being involved in songwriting and contributing some guitar parts.
In 2009 Leopold co-composed the score for the Hughes brothers' movie The Book of Eli. In May 2010 this score won a BMI film music award.
In 2009/2010 Leopold joined up with The Big Pink as a touring bassist on their world tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19540188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540188" title="List of Martha Speaks characters">
List of Martha Speaks characters

This is a list of characters from the TV series "Martha Speaks".
BookBots.
The BookBots are robot superhero versions of Martha, Helen, T.D., Alice, and Truman, who were invented by the gang in "The Martha Show, Part 2". They have wacky inventions and when given the choice of going on missions in disguise, they usually choose to be pirates. Most of the gang play themselves. They also have an oath that they live by: ""I pledge allegiance to books and words because books and words express ideas, and without ideas, our brains wouldn't do anything (except keep the wind from whistling through our empty robot heads) with liberty and justice for all (rights reserved).""

</doc>
<doc id="19540196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540196" title="Orlické Záhoří">
Orlické Záhoří

Orlické Záhoří is a municipality ("obec") in the Rychnov nad Kněžnou District, Czech Republic It consists of several settlements in the Divoká Orlice valley between the Bystrzyckie Mountains and Orlické Mountains, along the border with Poland (which matches the flow of the Divoká Orlice river in this area). It was established in 1951, while the constituting settlements trace back to 15-16th centuries. The name may be approximately translated as "Orlice Transmountain Area"
The municipality encompasses the following villages:
The municipality has a pass to Poland for pedestrians, cyclists and personal cars.

</doc>
<doc id="19540204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540204" title="The Marketplace Mall">
The Marketplace Mall

The Marketplace Mall is managed by Wilmorite and located in the heart of the Rochester, New York metropolitan area on Hylan Drive, in the suburb of Henrietta. 
The Marketplace Mall opened on October 7, 1982 as the largest mall and the first regional mall located between New York City and Cleveland. On opening day, The Marketplace was anchored by Sibley’s, McCurdy’s, B. Forman Co. and Sears and was home to 140 specialty retailers. In February 1983, J.C. Penney’s opened as the fifth department store. At the time of opening, Marketplace was 1/3 larger than Eastview Mall. Since 1982 four out parcels have been added to the property. In 2001, an . Galyan’s was added onto the south side of the mall, which was converted to a Dick's Sporting Goods in 2004. In 2006, Kaufmann’s Department store was bought out and became a Macy’s. 
The Marketplace was the fourth shopping center to open in the Rochester, NY Market behind Midtown Plaza, Greece Town Mall and Eastview Mall. It was the second major retail shopping center to open in Henrietta following Southtown Plaza. The area surrounding the mall, which was previously farmland, has been developed both commercially and residentially over the past twenty years. There are five parcels totaling available for future development located adjacent to the Marketplace Commons. Marketplace Commons was developed and built by Wilmorite and located next to the Marketplace Mall. The retail tenants there include: Lowe's Home Improvement, Target, Babies R Us, and Best Buy.
In 2013, it was confirmed that The Bon-Ton would be closing at the mall.

</doc>
<doc id="19540205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540205" title="Sir Trevor Williams, 1st Baronet">
Sir Trevor Williams, 1st Baronet

Sir Trevor Williams, 1st Baronet (c. 1623 – 1692) of Llangibby (), Monmouthshire, was a Welsh gentry landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from at various times between 1660 and 1692. He played a significant part in events during and after the English Civil War in South Wales, siding first with King Charles, then with the Parliamentarians, before rejoining the Royalists in 1648.
Family and lineage.
Trevor Williams was a descendant of a marriage in 1300 between Howel Gam ap David of Penrhos Castle and Joyce, a daughter of the Herefordshire based Scudamore family. Roger Williams, Trevor's grandfather and High Sheriff of Monmouthshire, acquired Llangibby Castle in 1545 and adopted the surname Williams (derived from his father's name, William) in 1562. His son, Charles, who became M.P. for Monmouthshire and was knighted in 1621, also became Sheriff of Monmouthshire in 1627. Sir Charles, Trevor's father, was a noted Puritan who presented a fine Jacobean pulpit with the text ""Woe Be to Me if I Preach not the Gospel"" to Caerwent church in 1632. He died in 1642.
English Civil War.
In 1642, Williams, as a well connected local man and strong Protestant, was appointed by the King with a Commission of Array. At the outbreak of what was to become the First English Civil War, this gave him responsibilities for raising an army within Monmouthshire for the King, and holding the county against opposition. He was also created a baronet (one of several Williams baronets in Wales). Having set about his alloted task he was captured by Parliamentary forces in 1643 at Highnam during the Siege of Gloucester. After his release, he set about fortifying the ruined medieval stone castle at Llangibby, beside the Caerleon to Usk road, and garrisoned it with 60 men. In 1644 he helped lead operations around Monmouth. After the town was lost to the Parliamentarians he pleaded with Prince Rupert for more men and ammunition, following which he helped lead its recapture.
As a tenant of the Earl of Pembroke, as were his family before him, he naturally took up the shared feud with the successive holders of the title Duke of Somerset. He especially came to resent the favours of the King to the Catholic Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset, and the Earl of Glamorgan's plan to bring in Irish soldiers to south east Wales. He resisted the recruiting activities of Sir Jacob Astley, 1st Baron Astley of Reading for the King across South Wales in 1645, and was immediately arrested at Abergavenny. He was quickly bailed, the King recognising his power base in the area, whereupon he seized and held nearby Monmouth Castle, this time against the King. In 1646, he helped relieve the Parliamentarians besieged in Cardiff and was temporarily given the role of Commander in Monmouthshire. However, he lost this position after a few months, and also failed to secure sufficient patronage to allow him to be elected as a Member of Parliament. He then fought at the bitter and lengthy siege of Raglan Castle on the side of Parliament, the winning side.
However, by the time the Second English Civil War was developing, Williams had become alarmed at Cromwell's ascendancy, and in particular Cromwell's decision to give himself lands in Glamorgan and Monmouthshire, including Chepstow Castle, which he had coveted for himself. As a result, in 1648 he helped Sir Nicholas Kemeys, 1st Baronet and Custos Rotulorum of Monmouthshire, to seize and hold Chepstow for the King. Cromwell's response was to storm Chepstow, regaining it and arresting and seizing the lands of the rebels involved. Williams' lands were sequestered by Parliament but he appealed and his lands were returned to him.
On his release, Williams bought further lands which had belonged to others who had their lands sequestered, particularly in and around St Mellons between Cardiff and Newport. He was reconciled to the Protectorate by 1657, to the extent of temporarily abandoning his title of baronet. However, with The Restoration of 1660, he was made Colonel of the county militia, to help disarm the radicals and win their support.
Political career.
In 1660, Williams was elected Member of Parliament for Monmouth in the Convention Parliament. He was elected MP for Monmouthshire in 1667 for the Cavalier Parliament in a strongly contested by-election election against the Marquis of Worcester's nominee. He later made a name for himself on anti-Catholic committees. He was elected MP for Monmouth again in March 1679 for the First Exclusion Parliament and MP for Monmouthshire in October 1679 for the Second Exclusion Parliament as a member of the grouping which later became known as Whigs. In 1680 he proposed in the House of Commons that Worcester - who by now had become the Duke of Beaufort - be removed from the royal court and council, on the grounds that he was secretly a "Papist", and that Worcester's garrison at Chepstow should be disbanded.
In 1681 Williams was re-elected MP for Monmouthshire. By 1683 he was accused of fomenting trouble among the youth of Monmouthshire, and in 1684 Beaufort successfully sued him and his ally John Arnold for "scandalum magnatum", libel against a peer. Williams was fined £20,000 (equivalent to £2,477,245 in 2007 [http://www.measuringworth.com/index.html]) and imprisoned. In 1689 he was elected MP for Monmouthshire again although he was in the King's Bench prison. He died in 1692.
External links.
"* Charles Somerset, Marquess of Worcester was styled "Lord Herbert" until 1682."

</doc>
<doc id="19540236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540236" title="Batiar">
Batiar

Batiar (also sometimes spelled as "baciar"), a popular name for a certain class of inhabitants of the Polish city of Lviv. It is a part of the city's subculture, the Lviv's "knaipa" lifestyle, and became a phenomenon at the beginning of the twentieth century although its roots go back to the mid nineteenth century. It declined after the Soviet occupation and Soviet suppression of the local Polish culture, although it seems to be recovering at the turn of the 21st century.
Roots of the term.
Origins of the term may be Hungarian, since in 19th century Lviv was a part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, some of its policemen were Hungarians and they brought the term to the local dialect from their native language.
Definition by the Encyclopædia Britannica:
History.
It became widely used when Lviv was taken over by the Polish Empire and the majority of city's population became Polish. It was the name of lower-class inhabitants of Lviv (the "elite of Lviv's streets"). Batiars spoke their distinctive version of the Polish language, which was called "Bałak" and was a variant of the Lwów dialect. A typical batiar in common imagination was usually financially challenged, but honest and generous urban citizen with a great sense of humor. Among most famous batiars, there were such names as radio personalities Kazimierz Wajda and Henryk Vogelfänger of the highly popular Wesoła Lwowska Fala radio show, as well as football star Michał Matyas, who played for Pogoń Lwów and the national team of Poland.
The name is still in local use, but now in the Ukrainian language. Now "batiars" are the playboys of the "Ukrainian Piedmont", as Eastern Galicia is sometimes referred to, and are easily identified by exquisite manners, stylish attire, and an obligatory attribute of every batiar "lyaska", a staff or a walking stick.
Quotes.
"(Bohdan Rybka, batiar)"
"(Ivan Radkovets, Lviv Studies specialist)"
A woman of a batiar could not have been called a "batiarka", manners didn't allow. However, to become a batiar's "koliezanka" that was an honor for a dame.
"(Miroslava Sydor, batiar's koliezanka)"
Cultural influence.
The Batiar's Day in Lviv replaced the Soviet holiday of the 1st May (the Labor Day), the Day of Worker's Solidarity. Batiars also adopted the proletarian motto: "Batiars of all countries unite!".
At the time of the rise of batiar's culture, Lviv's Polish-Jewish poet Emanuel Szlechter wrote lyrics for a song that became well known in prewar Poland, "Tylko we Lwowie" ("Only in Lviv") which became the anthem of batiars, and the accompanying music was written by another ethnic Jew, the Polish Henryk Wars. The Ukrainian repertoire of that song is performed by Yurko Hnatovsky (in retro-psychedelic style) and Zosya Fedina.
Batiars of 21st century.
The urban subculture of today's Lviv continues to develop with different styles arising out of its ferment. Among the most prominent representatives are "Vova zi Lvova","Orest Lyutyi", and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="19540237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540237" title="Kkachi durumagi">
Kkachi durumagi

Kkachi durumagi is a children's colorful overcoat in hanbok, traditional Korean clothing, which was worn on Seollal, New Year's Day in the Lunar calendar. It was worn mostly by young boys and literally means "a magpie's overcoat". The clothes is also called obangjang durumagi which denotes "an overcoat of five directions". It was worn over "jeogori" (a jacket) and "jokki" (a vest) while the wearer could put "jeonbok" (a long vest) over it. "Kkachi durumagi" was also worn along with headgear such as "bokgeon" (a peaked cloth hat), "hogeon" (peaked cloth hat with a tiger pattern) for young boys or "gulle" (decorative headgear) for young girls.
Etymology and color.
The name is composed of the two words in Korean; "kkachi" referring to Korean Magpie and "durumagi", a type of overcoat. In Korean mythology, magpies are regarded as auspicious messenger delivering good news but also a provider of prosperity and development. The date before "Seollal" has been referred to as "Kkachi Seollal" (kkachi's New Year's Day). The overcoat was named after the bird to reflect the folk belief because children longed for the cheerful holiday's coming.
"Kkachi durumagi" is also called "obangjang durumagi" because it is composed of five colors, representing five different directions ("obang") – east (blue), west (white), south (red), north (black), center (yellow). The concept is based on Oriental philosophy.
"Seop" (섶), the overlapped column of the garment in the center is made of a yellow fabric while "gil" (길), the large section of the garment in both front and back side is made of a fabric in yellowish green. For boys, blue color is used for the portions called "git" (깃, a band of fabric that trims the collar), "goreum" (고름, strings at chest), "doltti" (돌띠, embroidered belt) respectively and purple is used for "mu" (무, gusset). On the other hand, "kkachi durumagi" for girls has red or purple colored "git", "goreum" and "doltti" and dark blue "mu". The sleeves are made of two sheets of fabrics. The outer surface is made of a yellowish green fabric or "saekdong" (colorful stripes) fabric whereas the inner is rose pink in color.
In old days, "kkachi durumagi" were worn as "seolbim" (설빔), new clothing and shoes prepared for Seollal, while at present, it is used as a "dorot", a ceremonial garment for "doljanchi", celebration for a baby's first birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19540245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540245" title="Sächsische Maschinenfabrik">
Sächsische Maschinenfabrik

The Sächsische Maschinenfabrik in Chemnitz was one of the most important engineering companies in Saxony in the second half of the 19th century and the first two decades of the 20th century. Including its various predecessor businesses, the firm existed from 1837 until its liquidation in 1930, and individual branches of the company taken over by others continued to operate until 1990. The company is closely linked with the name of its founder and long-time manager, Richard Hartmann, whose name formed part of the new company title in 1898: the "Sächsische Maschinenfabrik vormals Richard Hartmann" ('Saxon Engineering Factory, formerly Richard Hartmann').
Major products.
The main aim of the business was the development, design and production of:
No less than 4,699 locomotives were built by the company between 1848 and 1929. The majority were delivered to the Royal Saxon State Railways ("Königlich Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen"), but customers for her locomotives were to be found worldwide. Equally impressive is the list of spinning and textile machines produced by Hartmann's business. Over many decades these machines from the factory in Chemnitz and its other subsidiaries set the standard for German engineering tradition.
Company history.
Founding and growth into a major business.
In 1837 August Götze and Richard Hartmann founded the firm of Götze & Hartmann, that produced a very wide range of machines. Hartmann, who had acquired experience in numerous businesses, very quickly grasped the significance of many technical innovations. As early as 1839 the business developed the technical concept of a carded yarn speed frame that was developed into a marketable product and sold successfully. But the most important business was for some time the repair and design of individual technical solutions (equivalent to the present-day concept of special purpose machines). In 1842 about 200 employees were engaged in the business.
In the years to 1845 the company underwent numerous expansions and relocations within the Chemnitz area.
From 1848 steam locomotives were built by the firm now dominated by Hartmann, but this branch of the business did not take off until a decade later. To begin with their major customer, the Royal Saxon State Railways, had to be convinced of the quality of their products through the delivery of very small batches of engines.
From 1855 the Sächsische Maschinenfabrik also produced turbines and mill equipment, so that by 1857 the work force had grown to about 1,500 employees. In the mid-1860s, steam locomotive production reached a very high level; to wit in 1868 a new production hall was built in which up to 36 locomotives could be simultaneously mounted.
Transition to a public limited company.
In 1870 the business became the Sächsische Maschinenfabrik AG. Richard Hartmann took over the chairmanship of the governing board, a post he held until his death in 1878. The sons of Richard Hartmann were given important roles within the business.
In 1878 the 1000th locomotive left the production line of the Sächsischen Maschinenfabrik, numerous business expansions followed during this period, in order to meet the steadily growing demand from around the world. IN 1896 the construction of a new headquarters in Chemnitz was begun, in the same year a subsidiary was founded in Luhansk (also known as Lugansk) by one of Richard Hartmann's sons, Gustav Hartmann, that exists today as the "Lokomotivfabrik Luhansk".
In 1898, in the course of restructuring, the business was renamed to the "Sächsische Maschinenfabrik vormals Richard Hartmann Aktiengesellschaft".
At the beginning of the 20th century the business had also built up a strong armaments branch and produced, amongst other things, guns, artillery equipment and munitions. At that time various other companies were integrated into the business.
The demise of the company.
In the 1920s the business continued to acquire numerous companies, including the 'King Friedrich-August Steelworks' in Freital-Potschappel, formerly an important supplier for the business, and finally the textile maschine firm of Walter Löbel AG in Dresden.
But the effects of the changing economic situation left the business increasingly in difficulties during the 1920s. Even the founding of the Deutsche Reichsbahn in 1920 and the wide distribution of locomotive construction quotas to different manufacturers led to a big reduction in the purchase of locomotives. Between 1920 and 1924 only 64 locomotives were built for the DRG, abroad the political aftermath of the First World War was also clearly taking effect.
In 1926 the machine tool business was wound up and several smaller firms took over the parts of the production. In 1928/29 the last major order was carried out for the DRG. But only 13 engines of the newly developed DRG Class 99.73-76 standard locomotives were delivered for the Saxon narrow gauge railways. The remaining portion of the planned order of 32 machines was picked up by the Berliner Maschinenbau (BMAG, formerly Schwartzkopff). After these gauge engines, only six more locomotives were produced in the locomotive works at Chemnitz. After that the firm, which was already in economic difficulties, became a victim of the worldwide economic crisis.
Liquidation and successors.
In 1928 the 'King Friedrich-August Works' in Potschappel was sold off again; the very disparate textile machinery division was restructured, and steam roller and locomotive construction ceased in 1929.
The 'Sächsische Maschinenfabrik, vorm. Richard Hartmann AG' was liquidated in 1930, and the remaining economical core of the textile machinery division was incorporated into the newly formed "Sächsische Textilmaschinenfabrik vorm. Richard Hartmann AG". As in the early days of the Hartmann enterprise, this company concentrated exclusively on spinning machines and weaver's looms. In 1933 it was amalgamated with several other companies into the "Textil-Maschinen-Compagnie Chemnitz". The remaining area of business of the former Hartmann company was now purely spinning machines.
In the Second World War the bulk of the factory buildings, sites and equipment was destroyed and, after most of the remaining sites had been given to the Soviet Union as war reparations, there was only about a tenth of the facility left for starting it up again as the "VEB Spinnereimaschinenbau" in 1946. Until the reunification of Germany the firm was the leading manufacturer of textile machines for the production of spun cotton in the Eastern Bloc.
In 1990 this firm became a Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung (the German form of a limited liability company), the "Chemnitzer Spinnereimaschinenbau GmbH", and was taken over by the trustee company. At the end of 1994 it was sold to the holding company, "Neue Länder". Its main market in Eastern Europe was breaking up and overwhelming competition led to its amalgamation with two other Saxon textile machinery companies to form the "CSM-Sächsische Spinnereimaschinen GmbH Chemnitz", but despite producing technically, high-quality products the firm ceased production in 1998 and subsequent folded, whereupon the last manufacturing elements of the firm's long tradition finally disappeared.
Maintenance of tradition.
In memory of the work of Richard Hartmanns, part of the former "Leipziger Straße" street in Chemnitz was renamed "Hartmannstraße". The former villa of the company director is available today for exhibitions and a trade training centre in Chemnitz is called "Richard-Hartmann-Schule".
Since 1990 the memory and tradition associated with the names of Richard Hartmann and his Sächsischen Maschinenfabrik, is increasingly being recognised. In the town of Chemnitz, the Saxon metal and electric industry and the operators of locomotives from the factories of the Sächsischen Maschinenfabrik, a unique Saxon engineering tradition is associated with the name of this company.
The firm has also left a special legacy of its contribution to the provision of locomotives for the Saxon narrow gauge railways to this day. No less than 125 years after the delivery of the first engine for these narrow gauge railways in 1881, the Saxon Narrow Gauge Society ("Verein zur Förderung sächsischer Schmalspurbahnen" or "VSSB") has ordered the construction of a copy of the Saxon Class I K.

</doc>
<doc id="19540252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540252" title="Face to Face (Daft Punk song)">
Face to Face (Daft Punk song)

"Face to Face" is a song by French electronic music duo Daft Punk, featuring vocals and co-production by American house music producer Todd Edwards. It was released as the fifth single from their 2001 album "Discovery". Promotional 12" singles were released for those who pre-ordered the 2003 remix album "Daft Club", and a CD single containing a remix of the song by French producer Demon was released commercially. As part of "Discovery", the song appears in the film "", and the section of the film in which the song appears serves as its music video. The song topped the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart in 2004.
Background.
"Face to Face" was co-produced, co-written and features a vocal performance by American house music producer Todd Edwards. Daft Punk considered Edwards to be one of the biggest influences on their work, and were delighted at the opportunity to collaborate with him. The duo initially wanted to work with him on Daft Punk's debut album "Homework", but had difficulty convincing Edwards as the two were not as well known at the time. When the three later recorded "Face to Face", the duo directed him to "sing a little raspier, like Foreigner". Thomas Bangalter of the duo recalled: "Todd Edwards sings sometimes but not like that. I think we were all very excited and surprised by the way he could sing this song." Recording took place in New York and New Jersey as well as in Paris.
The duo expressed gratitude in working with Edwards, and stated that after they did so, "we Punk are free to explore other areas. It will be interesting to see what we'll do next. Now we can work with other people." Daft Punk would later reunite with Edwards for the song "Fragments of Time", from their 2013 album "Random Access Memories". Edwards also noted that despite his success in the garage house scene, he is occasionally greeted with surprise and praise for being the singer in "Face to Face".
Composition.
"Face to Face" is composed in a common time of 4/4, with a tempo of 118 BPM in the key of G-sharp minor. The song features Edwards' signature "cut-up" production style of editing samples and creating spaces in between segments to create a rhythmic, "futuristic" effect. In the context of the album, Bangalter noted that the preceding track "Short Circuit" represented the act of shutting down, "and you regain consciousness and you are more "face to face" with reality".
Music video.
"Face to Face" is featured in the 2003 animated film "", which acts as a visual realization of "Discovery". The film was directed by Kazuhisa Takenouchi under the visual supervision of Leiji Matsumoto. The "Face to Face" segment follows the aftermath of the extraterrestrial pop band The Crescendolls seemingly subduing the villain, Earl de Darkwood, at his Manor. Construction crews unearth the space vessel that had been piloted by Shep; he had rescued the band from enslavement and brainwashing by Darkwood, who had taken on the guise being of their manager. Police investigate the Record company the band had been signed to, and search every part of Darkwood Manor. A news report depicts montage scenes of an operation to send The Crescendolls back to their home planet using Shep's ship. The report also explains the situation and shows that The Crescendolls were not the only group to have this happen to them. One of the band members, Octave is shown in a hospital having recovered from an earlier altercation with security guards at the Record company. As the band prepares to leave Earth, people wave goodbye to the band from all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19540254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540254" title="Serendipity 43">
Serendipity 43

Serendipity 43 is a boat that was designed by Doug Peterson to compete in ocean racing in 1980. Characterized by the use of kevlar composites and cutting-edge equipment, Serendipity boats have taken top honors in several big races over the years, including Scarlett O'Hara's big win at the 1983 SORC.
All hulls for the Serendipity were molded at the now defunct New Orleans Marine. Most hulls were shipped to Serendipity Marine in California, hence the name "Serendipity 43". Outfitting ranged from outright racing yachts while others were modified to be highly competitive racer/cruisers. Some hulls were purchased by individuals who outfitted the boat themselves. A number of hulls were shipped to Palmer Johnson in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin to be outfitted as luxurious racer/cruisers. Palmer Johnson was attempting to build these one-design racer/cruisers as a modern alternative to the New York 40, which attempt never succeeded.
The Serendipity 43 was a particularly well-designed medium displacement IOR racer. They were also well build with a large percentage of them still being cruised (some around the world) and raced 30+ years after their launch.

</doc>
<doc id="19540263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540263" title="Union of Azerbaijani Writers">
Union of Azerbaijani Writers

Union of Azerbaijani Writers () is the largest public organization of Azerbaijani writers, poets and publicists. It has over 1500 members at present. 
History.
Prior to 1934, Azerbaijani writers grouped in variety of literary unions. In 1923, a group of writers formed the "İldırım" United Organization of Turkic Publicists and Poets. Later, in 1925, another organization known as "Qızıl qələmlər" ("Golden Pens") was established uniting most writers and regularly conducting literary gathering events. 
The Union of Azerbaijani Writers was established on June 13, 1934. There were 93 members upon its registration. With its establishment, the organization also started publication of "Ədəbiyyat qəzeti" (Literature) newspaper. To this day, there have been 11 congresses held by the union in 1934, 1954, 1958, 1965, 1971, 1976, 1981, 1986, 1991, 1997 and 2004 which are normally held every 5 years.
Structure.
At the present, the Union has regional chapters in Ganja, Karabakh region, Lankaran, Mingachevir, Shaki, Shirvan region, Sumgayit, Guba, Qazakh and representative offices in Moscow (Russia), Borchali, (Georgia), Derbent (Dagestan), Istanbul (Turkey).
The Union of Azerbaijani Writers if a multi-ethnic organization having members who write and publish in Azerbaijani, Russian, Lezgi, Talysh, Tat and other languages. 
The organization has a chairman, secretary and a board of directors who manage its activities. It is currently chaired by Anar (son of writer Rasul Reza) and its secretary is Chingiz Abdullayev.

</doc>
<doc id="19540277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540277" title="Veobrehesten">
Veobrehesten

Veobrehesten is the 61st highest mountain in Norway, and the last of the Norwegian peaks higher than 2000 meters to be ascended, in 1949. The mountain is a nunatak standing in the middle of the glacier under the Leirhøi mountain. Its late ascent is due to this remote location, and the rather challenging approach.
The name.
The first element is the name of the glacier Veobreen, the last element is the finite form of "hest" m 'horse' (several mountains in Norway are named after animals). The name of the glacier is a compound of the rivername "Veo" and the finite form of "bre" m 'glacier'. The rivername (Old Norse "Viða") is derived from "viðr" m 'wood, forest'.

</doc>
<doc id="19540293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540293" title="William Vainqueur">
William Vainqueur

William Vainqueur (born 19 November 1988) is a French footballer who plays for Belgian Pro League club Standard Liège as a midfielder.
Career.
Having progressed through the youth system at Nantes, Vainqueur made his senior debut during the 2006–07 Ligue 1 season. In August 2011, he was transferred to Standard Liège and signed a five-year contract with the Belgian club.
During a league game against Lierse on 1 December 2013, Vainqueur was sent off in bizarre fashion after kicking an opponent in the face with a donkey kick.

</doc>
<doc id="19540308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540308" title="Bourgueil Abbey">
Bourgueil Abbey

Bourgueil Abbey () was a Benedictine monastery located at Bourgueil, historically in Anjou, currently in Indre-et-Loire and the diocese of Angers. The founder was Emma of Blois, daughter of Theobald I of Blois, and by her marriage, duchess of Aquitaine. In 1630 it was attached to the Congregation of Saint-Maur.
History.
Bourgueil was formerly a "mansio" known as "Burgolium" set up on the Roman main road from Angers to Tours, at a point where other Roman routes converged. Before 977, these lands belonged to Theobald I of Blois. He gave them as dowry for his daughter Emma. At this point a priory already existed at Bourgueil.
Emma of Blois, tired of her philandering husband William IV of Aquitaine (935-995), and particularly of his liaison with Aldéarde of Thouars, wife of Herbert I of Thouars, had her rival beaten up and raped. Emma then fled with her young son, the future William V of Aquitaine, to her brother Odo I, Count of Blois, at the château de Chinon. The penitent Emma founded the abbey, the site of which is near Chinon, in 990. The family was pious and Odo was a lay abbot of St. Martin's Abbey, Tours, and Marmoutier Abbey. There were also political reasons, in the Loire region, for the family to stand up to Hugh Capet.
The abbey's rich endowment likely came from several sources, principally Emma's uncle Herbert III of Omois, but also her husband's estate, which included "Brolium", "Longua-Aqua", "Oziacum " and "Vendeia": Le Breuil, Longève, Gazais and La Vendée in Poitou. William V also contributed. The possessions - land and a large forest, and feudal and seigneurial rights down to the waters of the Loire - were later counted as a barony.
From the 12th century, the abbey acquired 42 dependent priories and 64 parishes in the Angoumois, Île-de-France. The abbot Baudry de Bourgueil was a poet who praised in verse the wine cultivated locally by the monks.

</doc>
<doc id="19540311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540311" title="Jean-Baptiste Teste">
Jean-Baptiste Teste

Jean-Baptiste Teste (20 October 1780, Bagnols-sur-Cèze, Gard – 20 April 1852, Chaillot, now in Paris) was a French politician of the July Monarchy. He fell from grace in the Teste-Cubières scandal.
Life.
Early life.
The son of Antoine Teste, lawyer to the Parliament of Provence, and of his wife Élisabeth Boyer, Jean-Baptiste Teste studied under the Joséphites in Lyon. He distinguished himself early in his education, according to Joseph Marie Portalis, in the "Demosthenic forms" of his oratorical debut (noted by others for his elocution difficulties).
Legal career.
He was received as a lawyer in Paris and at first enrolled at the Paris bar, where he pleaded successfully several times, before returning to set up as a lawyer in Nîmes. Acquiring a great reputation in Nîmes, during the Hundred Days Napoleon made him Lyon's police chief. He was elected on 17 May 1815 as deputy to the Hundred Days Chamber for Gard (50 votes out of 73) but was unable to attend the parliament due to his administrative duties. Proscribed on the Second Restoration, he sought refuge in Liège, where he again practiced as a lawyer until being expelled and forbidden to return for 22 months after defending the anti-Russian and anti-Austrian journal "Le Mercure surveillant". During that time he tried to set up again in Paris, but failed since he was refused entry to the Paris bar, and thus after the 22 months stayed on practising in Liège until 1830, building up a large client base.
King William I of the Netherlands charged him with managing the royal lands and estates. He also pleaded for the house of Orléans in a trial with the Rohans about the duchy of Bouillon, merged into the kingdom of the Netherlands in 1814. It was during that trial that he met André Dupin ("Dupin aîné"), lawyer to the house of Orléans. He was able to return to Paris and re-enrol at the Paris bar after the July Revolution, and soon came to reach the top jobs such as lawyer to the royal lands and to the treasury.
Political career.
In the general elections of 5 July 1831, Jean-Baptiste Teste was elected député by the first electoral college of Gard (Uzès) (217 votes out of 375 voters et 488 inscribed, as against 145 for M. Madier de Montjau). He sat with the liberal Tiers Party of his friend Dupin aîné, and from there hotly defended the new regime. With discretion and skill, he participated most especially in debates on legislation, commerce and public works. He was re-elected on 21 June 1834 (227 votes of 349 voters and 464 inscribed against 111 to M. de Dreux-Brézé) and was made Minister for Commerce and of Public Works, all the while being the interim Minister for National Education and for Cults (i.e. Religion), in the temporary Maret government (10–18 November 1834).
He was then elected vice-president of the Chambre des députés and won re-election on 13 December 1834 (243 votes out of 253 voters and 591 inscribed). He thus voted with the majority but entered into the coalition which, in 1839, led to the fall of Molé's first ministry. He was re-elected as a député on 2 March 1839 (256 of 418 votes) and was made minister for Justice and Cults in Soult's second ministry (12 Mary 1839 to 1 March 1840). He was re-elected as a député on 22 June 1839 (280 of 289 votes). During his time as minister, he formed a committee to look into ways of suppressing bribery in government ministries. Soult appreciated him and made him minister of public works in his third ministry of 29 October 1840. Teste voted for the "grande loi" of 1841 on expropriation for the cause of public use, the law of 1842 on roads, and the law of 1843 on industrial property.
On 16 December 1843, Guizot removed Teste from the ministry but gave him major compensation, including making him a peer of France and head of the Cour de cassation. A member of the royal family even intervened in his favour by requesting the retiring president of the civil chamber to name Teste as his successor. Becoming a grand officer of the Légion d'honneur in 1846, he had thus reached the highest honours.
The Teste-Cubières scandal.
The Teste-Cubières scandal erupted in 1847. General Despans-Cubières, temporary Minister for War in 1839 and 1840, in need of money, speculated in various areas, particularly a mining operation. In 1843, to get the concession for a salt mine at Gouhenans renewed, he and his associates bribed Teste (as minister of public works) with 94,000 francs. The affair came out in May 1847 during a trial of Despans-Cubières's associates before the civil tribunal of the Seine. The company director, a certain Parmentier, produced in his defence several letters from general Despans-Cubières mentioning bribes.
The affair received huge publicity and the scandal stuck. King Louis-Philippe of France decided to have the case tried before the Chambre des pairs, and on 8 July 1847, Teste, Despans-Cubières, Parmentier and a certain Pellapra (former receiver-general, who had acted as the general's intermediary to Teste) came before it on corruption charges. It is said the king criticised his chancellor, duc Pasquier, for imprisoning Teste, telling him "What? Haven't you already got enough of my ministers? He will need a second! Also, I've spent 17 years to resurrect France's power, and in one day, in one hour, you have let it fall back down."
Dismissed from all his offices the day before the trial began, Teste began by denying everything before later breaking down, beaten by the evidence brought before the court by Pellapra's ex-wife and by the testimony of the agent de change who had converted the funds into treasury bills. He attempted suicide on 12 July by shooting himself twice in the head and chest with a pistol brought to him by his son, but was only lightly wounded. The following day he refused to present himself before the court since, as he wrote to the chancellor, "the documents produced no longer leave any room for contradiction". On 17 July the Chambre des pairs condemned him to three years in prison, to return the 94,000 franc bribe and to pay a fine of the same amount to the Hospice de Paris. He was incarcerated in the prison du Luxembourg, which he had had built himself, and remained there until 13 August 1849. President Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte then authorised him to spend the rest of his sentence in a nursing home at Chaillot and reduced the fine to be paid to 44,000 francs. He left the nursing home in July 1850 and died two months later.

</doc>
<doc id="19540342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540342" title="Table tennis at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Table tennis at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Table tennis at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Ta'if from April 9 to April 16, 2005.
Results.
Team.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4

</doc>
<doc id="19540379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540379" title="Bilibo">
Bilibo

Bilibo is a "shell-shaped, hard-wearing piece of plastic" used as a toy. It is produced in six different colors. It was developed in 2001 by Swiss designer Alex Hochstrasser in consultation with experts for child development.
The form has been designed for children of various ages to sit comfortably in the shell whilst controlling their movements by touching the ground with their hands and feet.
According to a child's age and interests Bilibo is used as an accessory for role- and fantasy-play, it can be filled with objects, sand or water and emptied again or stacked. Rocking, spinning and balancing in or on the shell helps develop motor skills and the child's sense of balance.
The shells are also used in physiotherapy to stimulate the vestibular and proprioceptive systems.
Children on "Richard & Judy" could generally be seen to prefer cardboard boxes to the Bilibo, and confirmed this preference when asked.
Bilibo has received several international awards, including Spiel Gut in Germany, the Swiss Product Design Award in 2002 and Toy of the Year – UK Good Toy Awards in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19540393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540393" title="List of Israeli visual artists">
List of Israeli visual artists

The following is a list of Israeli artists working in visual or plastic media.

</doc>
<doc id="19540397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540397" title="Robert G. Hunter Memorial Park">
Robert G. Hunter Memorial Park

Robert G. Hunter Memorial Park, located in Douglasville, Georgia is one of the oldest and most recognized parks in all of Douglas County.
History.
The park was established over fifty years ago as "City Park". The name changed in the summer of 1966 when Douglas County received word that they had claimed their first casualty of war from the growing Vietnam War. The park was renamed after 1st Lt. Robert Gerald Hunter, who died in Laos after ejecting from his F105D.
The first event to occur at Hunter Park was the Fourth of July celebration with a fish fry hosted by the Douglasville Masonic Building Association. In 1967 the honor of Roberet G. Hunter Memorial Park was put on grand display on the 4th of July. The annual parade wound through Douglasville concluding at Hunter Park. There a ceremony was held to honor the life of Lt. Robert G. Hunter, past servicemen, and the unveiling of a new memorial. The local National Guard Unit presented colors as residents encircled the memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="19540408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540408" title="2006 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand and Australia">
2006 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand and Australia

The 2006 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa was a series of matches played in June 2006 in South Africa by Ireland national rugby union team.
First Test with All Blacks.
New Zealand: 15.Mils Muliaina, 14.Doug Howlett, 13.Ma'a Nonu, 12.Aaron Mauger, 11.Joe Rokocoko, 10.Luke McAlister, 9.Byron Kelleher, 8.Rodney So'oialo, 7.Richie McCaw (capt.), 6.Marty Holah, 5.Greg Rawlinson, 4.Chris Jack, 3.Carl Hayman, 2.Keven Mealamu, 1.Clarke Dermody, - "replacements:" 17.Neemia Tialata, 18.Troy Flavell, 19.Jerome Kaino, 20.Jimmy Cowan - "No entry :" 16.Anton Oliver, 21.David Hill, 22.Scott Hamilton
Ireland: 15.Geordan Murphy, 14.Shane Horgan, 13.Brian O'Driscoll (capt.), 12.Gordon D'Arcy, 11.Andrew Trimble, 10.Ronan O'Gara, 9.Peter Stringer, 8.Denis Leamy, 7.David Wallace, 6.Neil Best, 5.Paul O'Connell, 4.Donncha O'Callaghan, 3.John Hayes, 2.Jerry Flannery, 1.Marcus Horan, - "replacements:" 16.Rory Best, 17.Bryan Young, 18.Mick O'Driscoll, 19.Keith Gleeson, 20.Isaac Boss, 21.Denis Hickie, 22.Girvan Dempsey 
Second Test with All Blacks.
New Zealand: 15.Mils Muliaina, 14.Doug Howlett, 13.Casey Laulala, 12.Aaron Mauger, 11.Joe Rokocoko, 10.Luke McAlister, 9.Byron Kelleher, 8.Rodney So'oialo, 7.Richie McCaw (capt.), 6.Jerome Kaino, 5.Troy Flavell, 4.Chris Jack, 3.Carl Hayman, 2.Keven Mealamu, 1.Clarke Dermody, - "replacements:" 16.Andrew Hore, 17.Neemia Tialata, 18.Greg Rawlinson, 19.Craig Newby, 20.Jimmy Cowan, 21.David Hill, 22.Ma'a Nonu 
Ireland: 15.Geordan Murphy, 14.Shane Horgan, 13.Brian O'Driscoll (capt.), 12.Gordon D'Arcy, 11.Andrew Trimble, 10.Ronan O'Gara, 9.Peter Stringer, 8.Denis Leamy, 7.David Wallace, 6.Neil Best, 5.Paul O'Connell, 4.Donncha O'Callaghan, 3.John Hayes, 2.Jerry Flannery, 1.Marcus Horan, - "replacements:" 16.Rory Best, 17.Bryan Young, 18.Mick O'Driscoll, 19.Keith Gleeson, 20.Isaac Boss, 21.Denis Hickie, 22.Girvan Dempsey 
Against Wallabies.
Australia: 15.Chris Latham, 14.Mark Gerrard, 13.Stirling Mortlock, 12.Mat Rogers, 11.Lote Tuqiri, 10.Stephen Larkham, 9.George Gregan (capt), 8.Rocky Elsom, 7.George Smith, 6.Mark Chisholm, 5.Dan Vickerman, 4.Nathan Sharpe, 3.Guy Shepherdson, 2.Tai McIsaac, 1.Greg Holmes, - "replacements:" 16.Jeremy Paul, 17.Al Baxter, 18.Wycliff Palu, 19.Phil Waugh, 20.Sam Cordingley, 21.Clyde Rathbone, 22.Cameron Shepherd 
Ireland: 15.Girvan Dempsey, 14.Shane Horgan, 13.Brian O'Driscoll (capt.), 12.Gordon D'Arcy, 11.Andrew Trimble, 10.Ronan O'Gara, 9.Peter Stringer, 8.Denis Leamy, 7.David Wallace, 6.Neil Best, 5.Paul O'Connell, 4.Donncha O'Callaghan, 3.John Hayes, 2.Jerry Flannery, 1.Marcus Horan, - "replacements:" 16.Rory Best, 17.Bryan Young, 18.Mick O'Driscoll, 19.Keith Gleeson, 20.Isaac Boss, 21.Jeremy Staunton, 22.Geordan Murphy 

</doc>
<doc id="19540413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540413" title="List of Martha Speaks episodes">
List of Martha Speaks episodes

This is a list of episodes for "Martha Speaks".
Season 1: 2008 – 2009.
Season 1 premiered on September 1, 2008, with the self-titled episode "Martha Speaks" and "Martha Gives Advice" and concluded on July 17, 2009 with "What's Bothering Bob?" and "Martha Spins a Tale". The season had a total of 40 episodes (80 segments) in length. Putting the same time as Chuggington.
Season 2: 2009 – 2010.
Season 2 premiered on September 14, 2009 with "Martha's Chair" and "T.D. the Pack Rat" and concluded on May 14, 2010 with the two-part episode "Martha: Secret Agent Dog". This season produced 30 episodes (60 segments), for the broadcast span of two years, with 15 episodes airing as part of this season, bringing the overall episode total to 55 episodes (110 segments).
Season 3: 2010 – 2011.
Season 3 of Martha Speaks premiered on October 11, 2010 with the two-part episode "The Martha Show" and concluded on October 3, 2011 with "Alice Covers Up" and "Carolina Picks a Lily". The season has 15 episodes (30 segments), bringing the show's overall episode total to 70 episodes (140 segments). This season is actually the second part of season two in production time.
Season 4: 2012 – 2013.
On May 4, 2011, the show was renewed for a fourth season with 10 episodes, bringing the show's overall episode total to 80 episodes (160 segments). It started with episodes, "Cora! Cora! Cora!" and "Cora Encore!", guest starring Jon Hamm and Jennifer Westfeldt, that aired on February 20, 2012 and concluded with "Martha's Market" and "Bye Bye, Burger Boy" on April 5, 2013. This was the first season to feature guest stars, with others including Jennifer Garner ("Too Many Marthas"), poet laureate Billy Collins ("Billy Collins Speaks"), and astrophysicist Neil DeGrasse Tyson ("Eyes on the Skies"). This is actually season three in production time.
Also this season, Christina Crivici has departed as the role as Alice Boxwood and has been replaced by Michelle Creber. Alex Ferris, Madeleine Peters and Cedric Payne (the voices of T.D. Kenelly and Milo Lee, Helen Lorraine, and Truman Oatley) all had noticeable voice maturations, but continued to voice their respective characters.
Season 5: 2013.
The fifth season of Martha Speaks began airing on June 24, 2013 with the episodes "Puppy Skits" and "Dinosaurs in Trouble!" and ended on November 14, 2013 with "The Return of Ralph" and "Little Bo's Sheep". This season will have a total of 8 episodes (16 segments), bringing the overall episode total to 88 episodes (176 segments). This is actually season four in production time.
Also in this season, Alex Ferris has departed from the roles of T.D. Kennelly and Milo Lee (due to noticeable voice maturations from the previous season) and has been replaced with Valin Shinyei and Trevor Lim, respectively. Ashlyn Drummond has also replaced Michelle Creber as the voice of Alice Boxwood. Kenan Thompson guest stars in the episode "Stanley Saves the Day".

</doc>
<doc id="19540420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540420" title="Temwa">
Temwa

Temwa is a registered UK charity. Operating in Malawi, central Africa, Temwa works mainly in one region known as Usisya on a number of different community driven projects including Education, Health, Skills Development and Agriculture.
Short history.
Temwa dates back to 2003 when it was founded by two Bristol girls, Jo Hook and Sophie Elson. The idea was initially conceived three years before while Jo and Sophie were working in Malawi. After three years of fund raising they returned to Malawi and started to build a community center.
Current projects.
Education and Schools are one of the areas Temwa continue to work in, providing library services and schools support throughout the region of Usisya 
Health Education projects run by Temwa include AIDS Action Clubs and mobile HIV/AIDS testing clinics as well as awareness raising through mobile video shows. Temwa has established HIV & AIDS Action Clubs (AACs) in all 32 primary schools and 6 secondary schools in the Nkhata Bay North region. These provide health education, income-generating activities for orphans and vulnerable children, sport/gaming activities, advocacy and support for youth. Mobile video shows are also run regularly to educate the children. The objective of AACs is to help adolescents prepare to take responsibility for their own sexual and reproductive health in the fight against HIV & AIDS. HIV/AIDs awareness group Purple Field productions worked with Temwa on a project to raise AIDs awareness throughout the region through film.HIV/AIDs awareness group Purple Field productions worked with Temwa on a project to raise AIDs awareness throughout the region.
Agriculture is encouraged through a range of projects, including a demonstration garden and an ongoing project with the International Tree Foundation to plant many fruit and other trees throughout the region.
Fundraising.
Temwa has a strong association with the Bristol music scene and gigs by many local bands including Babyhead and The Zen Hussies along with club nights have all helped raise funds for this charity.
Temwa also has raised money through corporate sponsors Commercial Vehicle Solutions and the fashionable fundraisers Bottle Top.

</doc>
<doc id="19540425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540425" title="Little Miami High School (Ohio)">
Little Miami High School (Ohio)

Little Miami High School is the only high school in the Little Miami Schools school district. Located in Morrow, Ohio, USA, it serves the Morrow, Hamilton Township, Maineville, and Butlerville areas of Warren County.
Little Miami High is a site for the national "High Schools That Work" program. The program recognized the school as the top performing high school site in Ohio.
In 2007, annual scholarships were created for Little Miami High seniors, by the Kevin C. Barnhill Memorial Scholarship and Community Outreach Fund, to award students who best personify athletic and academic achievement and leadership qualities.
A notable graduate of Little Miami High School is Mark Whitacre, the highest-level executive in FBI history to become a whistleblower, and whom the FBI went public touting as a national hero.

</doc>
<doc id="19540426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540426" title="LaMark Brown">
LaMark Brown

LaMark Brown (born July 5, 1989) is an American football wide receiver for the Orlando Predators of the Arena Football League (AFL). He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Atlanta Falcons in 2012. 
He has also been a member of the Buffalo Bills, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Utah Blaze, and Minnesota Vikings. 
High school.
Brown started all four years at Hazelwood West High School in Hazelwood, Missouri at free safety and running back and was a two-time consensus Class 6 all-state performer by the Missouri Coaches Association, the Missouri Sportswriters and Sportscasters Association and the Kansas City Star. He was also named to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch All-Metro team in both 2005 and 2006.
As a junior, Brown had a breakout season as his team recorded a record of 7-3. In 10 games, Brown recorded 55 tackles (43 solo), three interceptions, and one fumble recovery. At running back, he rushed for 1,249 yards and 21 touchdowns on 150 carries. As a senior, Brown had a less productive year as the team posted a 2-8 record. He ran for 584 yards on 92 carries (6.35 avg.); Scored 13 of the West's 20 touchdowns; caught three passes for 51 yards (17.0 avg.) and accounted for 44 percent of Hazelwood's total yards (800 of 1,814). Returned five kickoffs for 165 yards (33.0 avg); totaled 42 total tackles on defense, with 36 unassisted stops, three blocked field goals, two blocked punts and a fumble recovery.
Coming out of High School, Brown was regarded as the No. 1 rated prospect in the St. Louis metro area by the St. Louis Post Dispatch, was a 4 star recruit rated as the No. 3 player in the state of Missouri, No.4 athlete in the nation, and 71st overall player in the 2007 class by rivals.com. A PrepStar All-American and the No.35 overall player in the Midlands Region by SuperPrep. Brown also played in the East Meets West All-American Bowl in Orlando, Florida, following his senior season.
College.
Kansas State.
In 2007, Brown saw action in eight games as a true freshman and made one start at wide receiver. He totaled three catches for 33 yards on the season
In 2008, Brown played the first three games at wide receiver. The week before the Louisiana-Lafayette game, he was switched to running back. In his first game at running back, he totaled 137 yards and a touchdown. After playing Texas Tech the next week, Brown missed the next three games with a staph infection in his left knee. On the season, he rushed 118 times for 412 yards and 5 touchdowns and caught 24 passes for 178 yards and a touchdown.
In 2009, Brown moved back to wide receiver after his season at running back. He caught 18 passes for 215 yards and 2 touchdowns.
Minnesota State.
In the summer of 2010, Brown transferred to Division II Minnesota State Mankato, where he was required to sit out the 2010 season as a red-shirt per NCAA transfer rules. In the 2011 season, he caught 31 passes for 405 yards and five touchdowns.
NFL.
Brown signed as a rookie undrafted free agent with the Atlanta Falcons, but was released on August 31. On September 3, 2012, Brown was signed to the Buffalo Bills practice squad but was released shortly after. On December 10, 2012, Brown was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as a practice squad wide receiver. Brown was released by the Vikings on August 26, 2013 (along with 12 others) to get to a 75 man roster.
References.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers bio

</doc>
<doc id="19540438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540438" title="Yoann Poulard">
Yoann Poulard


</doc>
<doc id="19540444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540444" title="Honda CB250F">
Honda CB250F

The Honda CB250F is a series of unfaired motorcycles which was launched in 1996. Also known as the Honda 250 Hornet. Powered by a slightly detuned version of the inline 4 cylinder, 4 stroke engine originally found in the Honda CBR250 (Engine code MC14E-XXXX), it produces around 40 PS at 14,000 RPM to its redline of 16,000 RPM. The tuning allows the engine to provide more useful low-end power. The bike features a 6 Speed Transmission and a 16 litre tank. 

</doc>
<doc id="19540451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540451" title="Marketing Science Institute">
Marketing Science Institute

Founded in 1961, the Marketing Science Institute (MSI) is a corporate-membership-based organization dedicated to bridging the gap between marketing theory and business practice. Leading researchers from universities worldwide participate in MSI research programs.
As a nonprofit institution, MSI financially supports academic research for the development—and practical translation—of marketing knowledge on topics of importance to business performance. Issues of key importance are identified by the Board of Trustees, which represents MSI corporations and the academic community. MSI supports studies by academics on these issues and disseminates the results through conferences and workshops, as well as through its publications series.
Record of MSI output approaches a thousand working papers and books, many of which have garnered the marketing field’s most prestigious awards. In the past 10 years, MSI has sponsored 60+ conferences in the U.S., and has sponsored or co-sponsored conferences in 13 countries.
MSI headquarters are located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The primary governing body of MSI is the Board of Trustees. MSI Executive Directors oversee the quality and content of MSI-sponsored research.
History.
In 1961, Scott Paper Company President Thomas B. McCabe founded the “Institute for Science in Marketing” with input from leading thinkers John Howard, Albert Wesley Frey, and Wroe Alderson. Twenty-nine companies responded to his membership appeal, establishing MSI as a nonprofit organization that would “contribute to the emergence of a definitive science of marketing” and “stimulate increased application of scientific techniques to the understanding and solving of current marketing problems.” Offices were established in Philadelphia near the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School, and Wendell Smith became its first president.
MSI's founding coincided with a period of booming growth in the U.S. marketing systems, fueled by pent-up demand from war-years restrictions on production of consumer goods, and an explosion in population growth. Key marketing concepts, such as the “4 Ps” (product, price, place, promotion) of marketing were introduced. Management science theory, methods, and tools were infused into marketing, and consumer behavior emerged as an area of study within marketing.
In its first decade, MSI supported the development of new tools for marketers, such as multidimensional scaling, stochastic modeling, causal modeling, and decision calculus marketing. It also provided the foundation for advances in new product development. In 1968, MSI moved to Cambridge and began a 15-year association with the Harvard Business School.
In the early 1970s, MSI launched and managed the Profit Impact of Marketing Strategy project which, in conjunction with General Electric, created and analyzed a cross-sectional database that described marketing strategies and profitability across hundreds of business units. The results, widely reported, demonstrated the value of a scientific approach to marketing.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, MSI assembled teams to shape policy at the Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. MSI also played an important role in introducing qualitative consumer research methods, including the Consumer Behavior Odyssey, a summer-long road trip in 1986 that laid the foundation for the field of consumer ethnography.
By the 1980s, MSI research on services marketing reflected a growing awareness that consumer service businesses required a reappraisal of marketing approaches originally developed in the packaged goods context. In 1986, a consortium of MSI member companies contributed funding and data to support a stream of research that culminated in SERVQUAL, a scale for measuring customer perceptions of service quality that has been widely adopted by service businesses. During this time, the role of marketing in strategic planning received increased attention. MSI research introduced key concepts such as market orientation and marketing capabilities.
The conceptualization and measurement of brand equity originated in MSI-sponsored research in the early 1990s. The impact of marketing activities on firm performance and shareholder value (termed marketing ROI, marketing accountability, and return on marketing investment) has been an area of sustained MSI research interest. Through the '90s and 2000s, product innovation has remained at or near the top of MSI research agenda; and research interest has broadened to address service innovation as well as innovation in business models and processes.
Current Research.
In the past decade, web-based and mobile technologies have radically altered marketing's role. Current MSI research addresses marketing topics emerging in a culture informed by social media and user-generated content: consumer insights, rethinking the purchase journey, designing customer experiences, mobile platforms, consumer trust, big data, and marketing organizations and capabilities.
Over time, changes in topics of key marketing importance have been evolutionary. Likewise, MSI's 2012-2014 research priorities, while they are framed by the challenges of this transformed landscape, continue to align with marketing concerns articulated over five decades: using market information, understanding customers, developing marketing capabilities, innovation, marketing metrics, brand and product management, allocating marketing resources, and leveraging research tools and data.
Research Competitions.
MSI research competitions support the development of new conceptual frameworks and avenues for marketing thought. Academic researchers submit proposals that address a novel problem with a balance of rigor and relevance. These are reviewed by a set of academic thought leaders, guided by an advisory committee of industry experts. Findings from competitions are reported in publications and at conferences. Recent competitions include:
Awards.
The Marketing Science Institute sponsors three major marketing awards annually.
The Alden G. Clayton Dissertation Proposal Competition recognizes the best doctoral dissertation proposals on important marketing subjects. Each year, MSI grants up to five awards of $5,000 each for the best proposals.
The MSI H. Paul Root Award is given by members of the "Journal of Marketing" editorial review board to a paper that has made a significant contribution to the advancement of the practice of marketing. It is cosponsored by the American Marketing Association.
The Robert D. Buzzell MSI Best Paper Award honors the authors of the MSI working papers that have made the most significant contribution to marketing practice and thought. The award serves to signal the kind of writing and research that is of lasting value to corporate marketing executives. Each year it is given for the best MSI paper issued during the calendar year two years previous.
Executive Directors.
Kevin Lane Keller, Dartmouth College, 2013-2015
John A. Deighton, Harvard Business School, 2011-2013
Ruth N. Bolton, Marketing Science Institute, 2009-2011
Russell S. Winer, New York University, 2007-2009
Dominique Hanssens, UCLA, 2005-2007
Leigh McAlister, University of Texas at Austin, 2003-2005
Donald R. Lehmann, Columbia University, 1993–95, 2001-2003
David J. Reibstein, University of Pennsylvania, 1999-2001
Rohit Deshpandé, Harvard Business School, 1997-1999
David B. Montgomery, Stanford University, 1995-1997
Richard Staelin, Duke University, 1991-1993
George S. Day, University of Pennsylvania, 1989-1991
Frederick E. Webster, Jr., Dartmouth College, 1987-1989
John U. Farley, Dartmouth College, 1985-1987
Louis W. Stern, Northwestern University, 1983-1985
E. Raymond Corey, Harvard Business School, 1981-1983
Stephen A. Greyser, Harvard Business School, 1972-1980
Robert D. Buzzell, Harvard Business School, 1968-1972

</doc>
<doc id="19540452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540452" title="Mixbury">
Mixbury

Mixbury is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire, about southeast of Brackley in Northamptonshire.
Manor.
The toponym is derived from the Old English "mixen-burgh", meaning "fortification near dung-heap". ""Burgh"" refers to Beaumont Castle, which was built about 1100. It no longer stands, but its earthworks remain at the north end of the village.
The Domesday Book records that in 1086 Roger d'Ivry held a manor of 17 hides at "Missberie". The manor was part of the Honour of St. Valery by 1213, when Robert de St. Valery gave Mixbury's mesne lordship to the Augustinian Osney Abbey. The abbey retained Mixbury until it was suppressed in the Dissolution of the monasteries in 1539.
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of All Saints dates from the 12th century. The south doorway is Norman, dating from about 1170. Early in the 14th century all the windows were replaced with Decorated Gothic ones. A south aisle of three bays and a west tower were added at the same time. The Perpendicular Gothic clerestory was added later. The chancel was restored in 1843 and the remainder of the church was restored after 1848.
The bell tower has three bells. The treble bell was cast in 1577 by John Appowell of Buckingham, the tenor in 1609 by Robert Atton of Buckingham and the second in 1627 by Bartholomew Atton of Buckingham. Ringing now is very restricted for safety reasons. The church clock is of unknown date, but appears to be late 17th century.
The ecclesiastical parish is now a member of the Shelswell Benefice.
Economic and social history.
The main road between Buckingham and Banbury passes through the parish south of the village. It was made into a turnpike by an Act of Parliament in 1744.
The rector had the village school built in 1838. In 1928 it was reorganised as a junior school and older pupils were transferred to the school at Fringford. It was reorganised as an infants' school in 1948 and closed in 1955.
The original village consisted of thatch-roofed rubblestone cottages clustered between All Saints and the stream. In 1874 they were demolished under an order of the Court of Chancery and replaced with two rows of brick-faced semi-detached estate cottages laid out as a model village along the road leading south from the church.
In 1847-50 the Buckinghamshire Railway built its branch line to through the northern part of the parish along the Great Ouse Valley. station was built on the line about northeast of the village. In 1899 the Great Central Railway built its main line to London through the eastern part of the parish and built Finmere for Buckingham station about miles southeast of the village. Buckingham already had a railway station on the Buckinghamshire Railway and is almost from the Great Central station, so the name was subsequently shortened to the more appropriate "Finmere". British Railways closed Finmere station in 1963, and closed the section of the Great Central line through the station and parish in 1966. BR also closed Fulwell and Westbury station and the Buckinghamshire Railway line to Banbury in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19540457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540457" title="Saudi Federation Cup">
Saudi Federation Cup

Saudi Federation cup currently known as "Prince Faisal Bin Fahad Cup" has started in 1975-1976 season where Al-Nasr was the first Champion. At the beginning it was for senior teams but currently the rules were changed to only allow players under 23 years, but after a few years, and a lack of spectator interest, the competition was opened up again to players of all ages.

</doc>
<doc id="19540459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540459" title="Rotaserv">
Rotaserv

Rotaserv was started by members of Caterham Rotaract Club who were coming to the end of their time in that club and wanted to stay in a club that was still connected with Rotary. The club started in 1987, it originally met at Caterham Rugby Club but moved onto Caterham British Legion and then to Whyteleafe Football Club. The next clubs to be formed were Croydon South and Brentwood with Maldon and Wallington following soon after. A steering committee was set up for Rotaserv soon after South Croydon formed, its aim was to expand the number of clubs, get official recognition from Rotary International and to develop a standard set of club bye laws. After more clubs were formed a National Organisation was formed. The first national conference was held in Caterham at the White Hart Barn. A subsequent National Conference was held in Harpenden. The National Body has a Chairman, Secretary and Treasurer initially, although eventually it had other officers. Rotary eventually recognised Rotaserv in 1996 and took it fully under its wing. It was a professional service, leadership and community service organisation for young men and women between the ages 31–40. Rotaserv was designed to bridgethe gap between Rotaract 18-30 and Rotary.
"Rotaserv" stands for "Rotary in Service",
About 30 clubs were formed in the UK but with no interest from other districts the decision was taken to drop the programme.
Rotaserv was disbanded by Rotary International in 2003 with clubs either folding, becoming Rotary clubs or continuing as independent clubs.
Rotaserv clubs held formal meetings, usually every two weeks, which featured speakers, special outings, social activities, discussions or visits to other clubs. Club members got together on designated days for service project work, social events.

</doc>
<doc id="19540471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540471" title="Duchess Helene of Mecklenburg-Schwerin">
Duchess Helene of Mecklenburg-Schwerin

Helene of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (Helene Luise Elisabeth; 24 January 1814 – 17 May 1858) was a French Crown Princess after her marriage in 1837 to the eldest son of Louis Philippe I, Ferdinand Philippe of Orléans.
She was the mother of the future Count of Paris and Duke of Chartres. Her descendants include the present Count of Paris as well the present-day pretenders to the throne of France and Italy and the kings of Spain and Belgium.
Biography.
Early life and family.
Born at the Schloss Ludwigslust, the retreat from a capital of her native Mecklenburg-Schwerin, she was the only daughter born to the Hereditary Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (1778–1819) and his second wife Princess Karoline Luise of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (1786–1816), third daughter of Grand Duke Carl August and Princess Louisa of Hessen-Darmstadt.
Via her father she was grand-daughter of Frederick Francis I, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin and his wife Princess Louise of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg.
She was also a niece of Frederick William III of Prussia. On her paternal side she was a cousin of the Duchess of Kent as well as the Leopold I of Belgium. Maternal cousins included the then Queen of Prussia as well as the King of Württemberg.
Her father, the eldest son and heir of Frederick Francis I, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg. Her mother was a princess of the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach. The Hereditary Grand Duke and his wife died within three years of each other; Helen's mother died in January 1816; her father then died in 1819 leaving her older half brother Paul Frederick of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (1800–1842), the new Hereditary Grand Duke, and her other siblings to be raised by her grandfather, the reigning Grand Duke.
Marriage.
On 30 May 1837 Helene Luise married Ferdinand Philippe d'Orléans at the Palace of Fontainebleau. The Archbishop of Paris, Hyacinthe-Louis de Quélen had used the pretext of religious differences to forbid it taking place in Notre Dame de Paris. She was chosen as the bride for the Duke to form of alliance with her uncle Frederick William III of Prussia, despite the fact that she was a Protestant, and that she was considered to be a liberal, and not considered a beauty: described as an ambitious person, she accepted the proposal against the will of her family because she wanted to become a queen.
Her husband was the eldest son of king Louis Philippe I and his Italian consort, Queen Maria Amalia. For the Duke of Orléans, it was a convenient alliance but one without much attraction - Metternich quipped she was "Petite but of a good house"
The marriage was described as happy, and it was mostly the queen who opposed her as a Protestant and a liberal. She became popular with the public by her introduction of the German Christmas tree in France. The couple had two children in quick succession. Their eldest Philippe, born at the Palais des Tuileries in Paris, would later be hailed as "Louis Philippe II" by Royalists. Their other son, Robert, fought for the Union in the American Civil War, and then for France in the 1870 Franco-Prussian War.
On 13 July 1842, her husband died from injuries sustained after jumping from an out of control carriage, his untimely death sparked a debate within the House of Orléans over the establishment of a regency council which would be necessary should Louis Philippe I die while his heir was still in infancy. The main contenders were Ferdinand Philippe's widow and his brother Louis, Duke of Nemours, but further developments meant that the regency did not in the end materialise. In 1848, her father-in-law was deposed. Helene planned to prevent the abolition of the monarchy and be proclaimed as regent for her young son. Louis, Duke of Nemours, resigned his right to act as regent for her son to Helene and Helene appeared at the French parliament with her two sons; the count of Paris and her younger son the Duke of Chartres, to claim her son's right to the throne and to be installed as his regent during his minority. This claim, however, was not accepted by the parliament. After failing to seize power, she left France for Germany with her children. Helene continued to actively claim the rights of her son to be the monarch of France from abroad, but the French royalists at home began to favour the other formerly reigning French royal line under the headship of the Count of Chambord instead.
Hélène died of a flu in Richmond; she passed the illness onto her son Robert who was staying with her at the time but he survived and continued to fight in the Wars of Italian Unification.
She was initially buried at Weybridge before being translated to the Chapelle royale de Dreux in Dreux in 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="19540476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540476" title="Emergency medical services in Australia">
Emergency medical services in Australia

Emergency medical services in Australia are provided by state ambulance services, which are a division of each state or territorial government, and by St John Ambulance in both Western Australia and the Northern Territory.
Organization.
Land Ambulance.
Ambulance service within Australia can be divided into two basic groups; the statutory services and also volunteer groups. In all Australian states, with the exception of Western Australia, and in the Northern Territory, statutory ambulance services are provided by the state/territorial government, as a single-entity, third-service model, government department. In Western Australia, and in the Northern Territory, all statutory ambulance service is provided by St John Ambulance Australia, under contract to the state/territorial government. In all other states and territories, the activities of St John Ambulance are limited to first aid training and special events support, with the occasional disaster response. In all states with the exception of Queensland and Tasmania, users who are not on welfare benefits are billed directly for their usage of an ambulance. In addition, while not strictly ambulance services, some jurisdictions also have private companies offering medical transportation services on a fee-for-service basis. Ambulance services in Australia operate on the Anglo-American (as opposed to the Franco-German) EMS service delivery model.
Air Ambulance.
Air ambulance service is accomplished in Australia by means of a variety of arrangements and providers. In the majority of New South Wales for example, the Ambulance Service of New South Wales provides the service directly, with the service providing paramedic flight crews, and the helicopters being provided under a contract with CHC Helicopters Australia Limited. This arrangement began in 2006, following re-awarding of a long-standing contract with Westpac Life Saving Rescue Helicopter Service. Westpac continues to operate a search and rescue service in New South Wales, and provides some of the air ambulance service for other locations in Australia. Some states, such as Queensland share air ambulance resources with other public agencies; in the case of Queensland, air ambulance services are primarily provided by Emergency Management Queensland (EMQ Helicopter Rescue) and a mixture of other providers such as RACQ CareFlight, RACQ CQ Rescue, RACQ Capricorn Helicopter Rescue, RACQ NQ Rescue and AGL Action Rescue Helicopter may fill service gaps. In other states, such as South Australia a mix of service providers, including other emergency services such as the police, continue to operate but medical crews are provided by MedStar, a government entity which provide doctors, nurses and flight paramedics to MAC Rescue (Helicopter) and RFDS (Fixed Wing). While helicopters provide good service in coastal areas with high population density, in the more sparsely settled interior, distances can be vast, and fixed-wing aircraft are the preferred mode of transport. In these cases, the statutory ambulance services often operate the aircraft, in cooperation with Australia’s Royal Flying Doctor Service.
First Responders.
There are a number of different first responders in Australia that supplement ambulance services. First responders provide a rapid response to the scene but do not transport patients.
Firefighter Emergency Medical Responders.
In Melbourne the Metropolitan Fire Brigade, Melbourne (MFB) provides a fully professional Emergency Medical Response (EMR) capability for the metropolitan fire district. Commencing in 1998 the MFB's EMR program is run in partnership with Ambulance Victoria (AV) to ensure rapid trained response to Computer-aided Dispatch (CAD) "priority 0" (suspected cardiac or respiratory arrest) medical emergencies across Melbourne.
Training.
To qualify as a Firefighter Emergency Medical Responder, MFB professional firefighters undertake a 12 month training program provided by Monash University following a training curriculum developed specifically for professional firefighters by the MFB and Monash University Faculty of Community Emergency Health & Paramedic Practice. MFB Firefighters are trained to provide advanced life support care including oxygen resuscitation and airway management, CPR, defibrillation, spinal and trauma care. When required, firefighters may also provide assistance to ambulance paramedics.
Program Benefits.
Under the EMR program, MFB firefighters are simultaneously dispatched with AV paramedics to all priority 0 medical emergencies within the metropolitan fire district. In 60% of these EMR events, MFB firefighters arrive first on scene and commence initial patient assessment and provide care as required. On arrival, AV paramedics take over responsibility for patient care with MFB firefighters then providing assistance as required. As a result of EMR response, two minutes have been cut from the response time to cardiac arrest cases in the metropolitan fire district covered by the MFB. This program and the expansion of emergency and MICA ambulance services in Melbourne in recent years is providing the Melbourne community with a higher cardiac arrest survival rate than other Australian capital cities. Due to the reported success of this program it has been expanded to include some full-time stations run by Victoria's Country Fire Authority. The NSW Government has recently proposed a similar program utilising Fire and Rescue NSW but has faced strong opposition from the Fire Brigade Employees Union.
Standards.
Training and staffing.
Ambulance services in Australia utilize, for the most part, well educated professional staff, supplemented in low volume rural areas by volunteers. The level of training for volunteers is considered to be a high level of skill at advanced first aid. Paid staff fall into two categories; Transport Officers and Paramedics. Transport Officers complete certificate level training, and are normally only used for the non-emergency interfacility transportation of patients. Anyone employed on an emergency ambulance must be trained as a paramedic. There are several levels of paramedics in Australia, arguably the highest trained and most advanced level is New South Wales Intensive Care (ICP) and Extended Care Paramedics (ECP) and Victoria's Mobile Intensive Care (MICA) Ambulance Paramedics. The term ‘paramedic’ is not legally protected in Australia; as a result the potential exists for those who have not met the accepted standard of education and training to represent themselves as ‘paramedics’. This practice does not occur within the statutory ambulance services, which routinely validate the educational credentials of all paramedics prior to employment.
The preferred level of entry into practice for new paramedics is a multi-year, Bachelor’s degree program in either Emergency Health, Paramedicine or Clinical Practice (Paramedic), including classroom lectures, clinical practice, and internship components. The intent is to make this qualification the only path of entry into the field but so far only the states of Victoria and Tasmania have phased out all other methods of entry. Ambulance services in South Australia and Queensland now draw the majority of their paramedics from degree programs and continue to use the older-style, internal diploma programs only to fill service gaps and shortages in forecasted requirements . These older programs continue to be necessary to ensure ambulance services are able to directly train additional staff to fill shortages and as the numbers of degree graduate paramedics being produced by the university system are insufficient to meet ambulance services’ requirements for new employees. NSW Ambulance is transitioning to tertiary entrance but this process will be phased in over several years and may be achieved by 2020.
Training as a Mobile Intensive Care Ambulance Paramedic in Victoria, and equivalent Intensive Care Paramedic programs in other states involves the completion of a post-graduate certificate program. The program, which typically takes an additional year to complete, involves theory, clinical and supervised practice components. Graduates possess an expanded skill set which may include intubation, Rapid Sequence Intubation (RSI), additional drugs, and in some cases, certification of death. Those certified as MICA-Paramedics in Victoria function on protocols, working independently and with minimal medical supervision.
Vehicles.
Ambulance services in Australia provide emergency medical services by means of a number of service delivery methods. These include both conventional ambulances and aircraft, but also include a variety of rapid response vehicles with single paramedics, including both all-wheel drive type vehicles (SUVs) and motorcycles. Supervisory vehicles are also equipped with medical equipment, and capable of providing first response service, when required. Some services, most notably New South Wales, provided the statutory rescue service in addition to their role in pre-hospital care, this has recently changed however, ASNSW Rescue Units are currently in the process of being disbanded with their rescue duties and resources being reassigned to the NSW Fire Brigade. There is no national standard for the design of conventional ambulances in Australia. All ambulance services have their vehicles built to their own internal specifications. That being said, the ambulances are roughly similar from one state to another, and all generally comply with the European Standard CEN 1789 as published by the European Committee for Standards, apart from the visual identity provisions. This compliance is, however, incidental.
Dispatch.
Ambulances and paramedics in Australia are centrally dispatched. Australia’s national emergency number is 000. This number rings at the Telstra Global Operations Centre, where an operator determines the caller’s needs and then directs the caller to the appropriate emergency service (police, fire, ambulance). Callers then speak to an operator at a dispatch centre, managed by the relevant state ambulance service (E.g. AFCOM in Brisbane, QLD) or may even speak to an individual officer in the case of rural/remote stations. Dispatch technologies, including automated vehicle locating (AVL) and decision-support software are either identical (as with AMPDS and Computer-aided Dispatch) or comparable with those found in North America and Europe.
Response times.
Australian ambulance services generally publicize a response time standard of 'within 10 minutes' on high priority emergency calls. Ongoing monitoring suggests that compliance is improving, many "Code one" (i.e. Lights and Siren) calls are reached well within 10 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19540484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540484" title="Wymondham Junction railway station">
Wymondham Junction railway station

Wymondham Junction railway station is a proposed station on the Mid-Norfolk Railway, in the English county of Norfolk. The station is planned to be constructed just south of the Cemetery Lane level crossing, close to the Network Rail station.

</doc>
<doc id="19540521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540521" title="Bobby Morse">
Bobby Morse

Robert J. "Bobby" Morse (born October 3, 1965 in Muskegon, Michigan) is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and New Orleans Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="19540537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540537" title="Zhang Jingna">
Zhang Jingna

Zhang Jingna (; born May 4, 1988 in Beijing, China) is a Chinese-Singaporean photographer widely known as zemotion.
Biography.
Born in the suburbs of Beijing to a sporting family, Jingna moved to Singapore at the age of eight, where she attended Haig Girls' School.
At the age of fourteen, nine months after picking up air rifle, Jingna broke a national record, and subsequently joined the national air rifle team. She was active in the team for six years, notable achievements include breaking a record in the 10m Air Rifle event at the Commonwealth Shooting Championships 2005 in Melbourne, and a bronze in the same event at the Commonwealth Games in 2006, awarding her the title of Sports Girl of the Year for 2006 by the Singapore National Olympic Council.
She left the Raffles Girls' School at sixteen to pursue a degree in fashion design in Lasalle College of the Arts.
At eighteen, Jingna picked up a camera. Probably due to her keen interest and achievements in photography, she left Lasalle in October 2007, and the rifle team in January 2008, to pursue photography full-time.
Jingna's clientele includes companies such as Mercedes Benz, Canon, Pond's, Ogilvy & Mather Advertising and Wacom.
She also produced fashion editorials for magazines such as "Harper's Bazaar", "Elle" and "Flare".
In September 2008, Jingna held her first solo exhibition, "Something Beautiful", at The Arts House in Singapore. In April 2010, 50 of her works were showcased along Orchard Road during Singapore's fashion festival - Fashion Seasons @ Orchard. The showcase was Singapore’s first large scale street exhibition featuring fashion photography.
The street exhibition was followed immediately by her second gallery show, "Angel Dreams", at Japan Creative Centre, Singapore, supported by the Embassy of Japan. The show was noted for her photographs of Japanese musician Sugizo (Luna Sea, X Japan).
Jingna was invited to photograph Luna Sea's Tokyo Dome concert at the end of 2010, her photographs of Sugizo from the concert are collected in his book "Ongaku ni ai sareta otoko: Sono haran no hansei" (), the cover features an image from their first collaboration.
Jingna photographed Korean celebrity Rain for Anchor Beer's campaign in 2011.
In 2013 she was part of Vogue Italia's "A Glimpse at Photo Vogue" exhibition at Galleria Calra Sozzani in Milan.
She's influenced by people such as Peter Lindbergh, John William Waterhouse, Yoshitaka Amano and Zdzisław Beksiński. Jingna also cites her friend Kuang Hong, a fellow artist whom she had managed since the age of fifteen, in numerous interviews, as one of the influences and foundations of her artistic development.
She manages a professional Starcraft 2 team called Infinity Seven.

</doc>
<doc id="19540543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540543" title="Jacob Little">
Jacob Little

Jacob Little (March 17, 1794 - March 28, 1865) was a controversial early 19th-century Wall Street investor and the first and one of the greatest speculators in the history of the stock market, known at the time as the "Great Bear of Wall Street". Little was born in Newburyport, Massachusetts, and moved to New York City in 1817, first clerking for Jacob Barker; he then opened his own establishment in 1822, and finally his own brokerage in 1834. A market pessimist, Little made his wealth "bearing stocks", at turns short selling various companies and at others cornering markets to extract profits from other short sellers. Through his great financial foresight Little amassed an enormous fortune, becoming one of the richest men in America and one of the leading financiers on Wall Street in the 1830s and 1840s, but his speculative activities irritated his peers and earned him few admirers. Little lost and remade his legendary fortune multiple times before losing it for good in 1857; although a great many owed him enormous debts, he was a generous creditor and never collected them, and at his deathbed in 1865 Little was penniless. Although well-known on the stock market in his time, he was quickly forgotten after his death, and today has been relegated to relative obscurity.
Early life and background.
Although much is known of Little's investment activities in his adult life, little is known about his early years. Jacob Little was born in Newburyport, Massachusetts on March 17, 1794. The son of a successful local shipbuilder and of Quaker origin, Little exhibited a strong understanding of money and financial markets from an early age. In 1817 he emigrated to New York City and became a clerk in the store of Jacob Barker, a highly successful financier, merchant, and politically well-connected founding member of the Democratic Party political machine Tammany Hall. Little spent five years in apprenticeship under Barker before moving out in 1822 to start his own business with $700 he had accrued over the length of his employment. He bought a small office in the basement of a Wall Street building, which served as his base of operations for the next twelve years, before moving out of his old office to a new one in the basement of the old exchange building in 1834, from which he opened a brokerage—the start of his investment career.
Market operations.
Little entered the stock market at a time when banking and stock-brokerage was coming in of its own, progressing from a supportive activity to a profit-motivated business in its own right. However, a large part of this growth came not from "solid" investors—those interested in the business ventures they funded—but from speculative "wheeler-dealers" who would manipulate prices to profiteer from their holdings or, just as often, from those of others. By the eve of the American Civil War there were hundreds of such speculative brokerage firms on Wall Street; warring cliques of bulls and bears would routinely drive prices artificially high and low, respectively, often in underhand ways that angered more legitimate stockbrokers.
Little was one the earliest and most successful practitioners of market manipulation, making his fortune by leveraging both short sales and short sellers. In the former, he would sell stocks to other traders under contract to purchase it at a later date, betting that the market value would go down in the future and he could pocket the difference (trade rules have changed, and short selling is more complicated than this today). In the latter he would execute the opposite maneuver, corner a market by buying up all of the bonds of a particular company or sector, up-ticking the price so as to make a profit at the expense of any short sales based on those stocks. Hardworking, highly ambitious, and with his eyes set on the very top from the very beginning, Little commonly spent twelve hours a day working on such maneuvers in his office and a further six during the evening engaged in currency speculation.
His first great coup was when in 1834 he successfully bought out the Morris Canal and Banking Company, machinations which pushed its stock price from $10 ($ today) per share in December 1834 to $185 ($ today) a share in January 1835, at which point Little chose to collect his debts. Although theoretically he could have asked for more (he was, after all, in total control of the company), Little chose not to force the issue because he feared the resulting bankruptcies would destabilize the market potentially cause a collapse. He repeated this feat in September of the same year, cornering stocks for the construction of the Harlem Railroad. Approximately 60,000 shares had been sold short by that time, but only 7,000 shares had yet been issued; needless to say, Little prospered immensely.
By this time Little was already one of the richest men in America, accruing millions of dollars in security holdings through short sales, a market volume that made him the "Napoleon of the Board." He was noted for being personally retired in manner, diffident except to business, in correspondence with most of the major economic voices of the nation, and a devout member of the Episcopal Church. As a trader, he was unscrupulous and serendipitous; in one instance he promised a group of Bostonian traders that he would not sell his holdings in the Norwich and Worcester Railroad below the price of 90 dollars a share, but promptly did so soon after when noticed its price slipping, earning him much condemnation and lasting outrage from other traders. But he was also known for his practiced judgement, the promptness of his dealings, and his great financial foresight; Little was able to predict Andrew Jackson's campaign against the Bank of the United States and the resultant Panic of 1837, and was able to protect his interests during the financial debacle by short selling his own holdings, a lucrative operation that earned him his most lasting title: "The Great Bear of Wall Street." Little himself often stated he was in the business of "bearing stock", in the tradition of the bear market.
Little distinguished himself with large, early investments into the railroad construction industry, still regarded with some suspicion by financiers. As with his other activities, these paid off handily, eventually earning him a new title, that of the "Railroad King". However, for all of his wealth Little was little loved by his peers, many of whom secretly believed him to be lacking personal integrity, a hulking, manipulative figure who built his fortune through speculation and market manipulation and crushed other traders underfoot as he did. Little "had been known to gorge and digest more stock in one day than the weight of bulk of his whole body in certificates." Other investors followed his actions closely, terming him "too shrewd to be caught, too rich to be ruined", and his sway and influence in the market was indeed enormous.
However, this aura of untouchability nearly came to an end when the cornermaster was himself cornered. Little particularly favored shorting the stocks of the Erie Railroad Company, and it was here that he was trapped by the cornering of the company's stock by a hostile syndicate of rival stockbrokers calling itself the "Happy Family" (in much the same way as he had done to countless other traders before). This led to a rather dramatic showdown between Little and the financiers involved. At the time, making good on a purchase promise required a transaction at the associated clerk's office, and on the day it was due the brokers gathered at the Erie Railroad Company clerk's office, smug at the likelihood that they had beaten Little at his own game. What the traders did not know was that Little had purchased convertible bonds at a company sale in London a few years before; Little entered the premises, apparently unrushed, carrying an oversize bag of what was revealed to be those very bonds, which Little had converted to stocks. To the astonishment of all, Little not only outplayed the syndicate but came out hundreds of thousands of dollars ahead; such a maneuver was never attempted again. 
This action (and others like it) was intensely unpopular with the other investors, however, and he was blackballed from entry in the New York Stock Exchange several times before regaining admittance. Following the event, a rule was made to limit the length of any option contracts to sixty days, to prevent a similar coup on the short side. After some troubles, Little was again worth $2 million by 1846 (equivalent to about $ million today). However, his fortunes were again reversed that year when he attempted but failed to corner the Norwich and Worcester Railroad and was obligated to pay out for thousands of inflated shares that he had himself bid up in price, losing about a million dollars in the process—a staggering sum at the time.
Reversals of fortune were common in the stock market, and Little was no exception, going bankrupt three or nine times over the course of his career. After one such fall, walking with a friend along Union Square, site of some of the most prestigious and expensive housing in the city and in the world, he remarked that "I have lost money enough today to buy this whole square. Yes, and half the people in it." It was in these instances that Little most surely showed his strength of character; after each of his falls from fortune Little was able to rebuild his commercial empire, and even pay back his old contracts in full, leading some to remark that "Jacob Little's suspended papers were better then the checks of most men."
Nonetheless at length Little's predictive fallacies finally failed him. The Panic of 1857 completely blindsided the investor, who at the time was "long", possessing huge amounts of stock, much bought on the "margin" (on loan). Thus when the stock prices fell Little was forced into bankruptcy by margin calls, lenders demanding recompense for the fall in the value of the stocks. This time there was no bouncing back. Little had lost all but everything he held, and did not have the confidence of others on Wall Street needed to obtain their backing. Little's reign as Wall Street giant and one of the richest men in the country was over.
Later life and legacy.
A speculator to his very core, Little never put away any of his fortune to prepare for a rainy day; any money he made on the stock market, he immediately invested back into it. Thus when the Panic of 1857 destroyed his investment fortune, Little was left penniless. He would live out the rest of his life under the wing of his last protége, David Groesbeck. Little was only ever able to make small trading returns to the market in his later years, and the magnitude of his fall was often the target of mockery from his former peers. He died a broken man. Little died on March 28, 1865, and his funeral was held on March 31 at New York's Grace Church. His pall-bearers included Jesse Hoyt and Edward Prime; Reverend Thomas House Taylor officiated at his funeral. 
In his 1908 account on the early world of finance, "Fifty Years in Wall Street", Henry Clews (who knew Little personally) penned that Little was "generous and liberal to a fault with his brother speculators who had experienced misfortune...remarkable for his great memory, he could easily remember all the operations he made in the course of a day without making a note or a mistake," and another stock market historian, Leonard Louis Levinson, said that he was "a nervous perfectionist who personally attended to every detail...kind, magnanimous, honorable, and a genius in market maneuvers." Having fallen into bankruptcy many times before, Little was a particularly sensitive debtor, and would often waive the debts held to him by others who fell on hard times; thus it came to be that, by the time of his death, Little was owed millions of dollars by others, of which only 150,000 was successfully collected by his friends and family, a modest sum given the size of his former wealth.
However, the opinion of him held by most investors of the day was not quite so rosy. A reflection on the Erie Railroad Company coup published by "The New York Times" in 1882 all but accused him of being a robber baron: 
"He drove Wall-street before him just as in his earlier days he would have lashed a recalcitrant ox into obedience. No method was too severe for Jacob Little. If a man stood in the way, that man got hurt. Naturally, the whole Street was dead set against him. Innumerable schemes were laid for his discomfiture, simply to end in miscarriage. Combinations were formed, to be speedily dissolved under the crack of the Little whip."
Little was not the first to gain and lose his fortune in the stock market, but he was a pioneering speculator, the first to rely on his ability to predict market fluctuations to inform his speculations instead of bidding with what would today be considered insider information. He was the first Great Bear; before his rapid rise speculation and market manipulation was virtually unknown in the stock market, as no one before him had had the still nerve and financial foresight necessary to profit from such risky endeavors, and many market historians consider him the first modern stock market tycoon. His ability to gain and lose fortunes on a day-by-day basis was a microcosm of the meteoric possibilities and insecurities of speculation, and after his death and even during his life many other investors tried to imitate his success, with little success. His victory over the Erie Railroad scheme (and market cornering activities in general) inspired similar plots in the years thereafter; in 1863 the industrialist Cornelius Vanderbilt successfully cornered the Harlem Railroad in much the same way that Little had done almost thirty years earlier, and fell into a corner trap formed by Daniel Drew and others himself in the later Erie War. This did much to give credence to convertible bonds, then still a novelty.
Nonetheless for all of his wealth and innovation Little's ignominious end ensured he was quickly forgotten, and by the time Edwin Lefèvre published his now-classic "Reminiscences of a Stock Operator" in 1923 he was virtually unknown. To demonstrate this Lefèvre details asking nine seasoned members of the NYSE whether or not they had ever heard of Jacob Little before; only three of them did, and none could name who he was or what he had done, only knowing of his existence from having heard his name before. Lefèvre provided for this fact by saying "what happened to Jacob was no more than what happens to thousands every year. The difference in degree does not make it more memorable." Though it had once been that "on stock exchange his tread was that of a king", today Little has been relegated to obscurity, and survives only as a footnote in histories of the stock market.

</doc>
<doc id="19540544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540544" title="Deon Murphy">
Deon Murphy

Deon Murphy (born April 15, 1986) is a Canadian football wide receiver for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
High school.
Murphy started three seasons at Klein Forest High School, located in Houston, Texas. He earned second team All-District 15-5A honors in 2004 and was regarded among the top 50 receivers in the state of Texas. Murphy hauled in 43 receptions for 583 yards and eight touchdowns as a senior. He totaled 522 yards on 36 catches with six TDs and helped Klein Forest to a 12-1 record as a junior in 2003.
College.
Kansas State.
In 2007, Murphy was named the Big 12 Conference Offensive Newcomer of the Year and earned honorable mention accolades as a receiver and punt returner from the league’s coaches. He also earned first team honors as a punt returner from Rivals.com and the Ranked first in the Big 12 and third nationally with a punt return average of 17.5 yards. He finished the year with 57 catches for 605 yards and 5 touchdowns. He will not play for the Wildcats in 2009. It is unknown if he will transfer to another school for the 2009 season.
Professional career.
Calgary Stampeders.
On October 7, 2009, Murphy was signed by the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
In , he played in 16 games with the Stampeders and caught 25 passes for 271 yards and four touchdowns. He led the Stampeders with 911 kickoff return yards, 533 punt return yards and 145 missed field goal return yards.
After attending training camp in , he was released by the Stampeders on June 25, 2011.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
On May 23, 2012, Murphy was signed by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
External links.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats bio http://www.ticats.ca/roster/show/id/3969

</doc>
<doc id="19540546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540546" title="Bob Cifers">
Bob Cifers

Robert Gale "Bob" Cifers (September 5, 1920July 1, 2001) was a professional American football running back in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions, the Pittsburgh Steelers, and the Green Bay Packers.
High School Days.
In 1938 he shattered the national high school football season scoring record. He scored 235 points in his 1938 junior season. He led the nation again his senior year scoring 164 points. First nationally recruited high school football player with over 100 offers. Featured in several national newspapers and magazines. Captain of the All-Southern Team and regarded the #1 high school recruit of 1939. Selected the State of Tennessee Track Athlete of the 20th Century. Cifers' high school record in Track and Field is even more improbable. He was a member of three Dobyns-Bennett High School TSSAA State Champion Track and Field teams (1936, 1937, 1940). He was also individually crowned TSSAA State Champion, a record ten times, in five separate events. The first and most impressive was winning the 1936 TSSAA state shot put crown as an eighth grader. His total record of thirteen (ten individual, three team) TSSAA State Championships is a record in track and field that has stood for six decades. 
College Years.
Cifers Lettered at the University of Tennessee (1941–1942). Led the NCAA in punting average his junior season at Tennessee, left school early to join the Army as 7 of the 12 SEC schools, including Tennessee, cancelled participation in the 1943 season due to World War II. Widely regarded as a potential front runner for the 1943 Heisman Trophy had he played his senior season. While in the military Bob was a member of the 1944 Randolph Field (TX) Pre-Flight Team made up of college football stars which finished 3rd in the Final 1944 College Football Poll and the 1945 Hondo (TX) AAF Skymasters.
Pro Football.
Selected as the 14th pick of the 1944 NFL Draft. As a rookie in 1946 with the Detroit Lions he set the NFL Record for Punting Average in a single game with a 61.75 yd avg. The record still stands. He led Detroit with four touchdowns in 1946, all on pass receptions, the only four he caught which included a 70 yard TD. He also averaged 45.6 yards on 30 punts that season. 1946 NFL Punting Leader. Traded to the Steelers for Bill Dudley. With the Steelers in 1947 and 1948, he did a little of everything. He appeared in 22 games, playing mostly halfback and defensive back. He carried the ball 199 times for 707 yards, including 112 carries for 361 yards in 1948 to lead the team in rushing. He threw seven passes, gaining 28 yards on the two he completed. He averaged 25 yards on 11 kickoff returns, ran back an intercepted pass for 32 yards, and averaged 40.4 yards a kick as their punter. Bob finished out his NFL career appearing in 7 games for the 1949 Green Bay Packers.
Death.
Cifers died in a Nahville, Tennessee hospital of an unknown cause.
Trivia.
Along with NFL All-Pro brother Ed Cifers is part of the only pair of brothers in the Tennessee State Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19540558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540558" title="Navy Liberty">
Navy Liberty

The Liberty Program.
The Liberty Program, also known as the Single-Sailor Program is one of the many components that make up Morale, Welfare and Recreation (MWR). The program is geared towards Enlisted Active Duty Service members E-1 through E-6.

</doc>
<doc id="19540559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540559" title="Hong Kong provisional legislative election, 1996">
Hong Kong provisional legislative election, 1996

Hong Kong Provisional Legislative Council election of 1996 was an election that took place during the transition from British to Chinese administration governing Hong Kong. Pan-democracy camp boycotted the election.
Candidates and results.
Unlike elections prior and after the 1st of July 1997, the Provisional Legislative Council (PLC) was established by the Preparatory Committee of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region via a resolution by the Second Plenary Session on 24 March 1996.
Since the PLC was not a legal entity, the 60 Legco members were elected by a 400-member Selection Committee of the Government of the HKSAR on 21 December 1996. This same Committee also elected the first Chief Executive of the HKSAR.
The Committee elected 60 councillors for 5,789 candidates running from sectional grouping.
Selection Committee.
The 400-member committee was selected by Beijing from various sectors in Hong Kong society. This committee ceased to exist after the handover and was replaced by an 800-member Election Committee, responsible only for selecting the Chief Executive.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19540573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540573" title="Princess and the Pea (board game)">
Princess and the Pea (board game)

Princess and the Pea is a children's board game loosely based on "The Princess and the Pea", a fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen, in which each player tries to build the highest stack of mattresses before reaching the final space on the board. It was first published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2003 and was republished in 2008.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is fairly straightforward. On a player's turn, the roll the die and move their bed forward that many spaces on the board, then perform the action of the space they land on. Actions involve adding mattresses to your bed from the supply, giving away a mattress, taking a mattress from the person with the most, etc. The game ends when one of the players reaches the crown space, the last one on the board. All other players move their beds to the space and the number of mattresses each player has is counted. The player with the most wins. In the case of a tie, the win is shared.

</doc>
<doc id="19540583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540583" title="Adolf Szyszko-Bohusz">
Adolf Szyszko-Bohusz

Adolf Szyszko-Bohusz (born September 1, 1883 in Narva, died October 1, 1948 in Krakow) was a Polish architect and conservator of monuments. Between 1902 and 1909, he studied in Sankt Petersburg, later also in Austria in Germany. In 1910 Szyszko-Bohusz began lecturing at the Jagiellonian University and at the Jan Matejko Academy of Fine Arts in Krakow. In 1912 he moved to Lwow, to lecture at the Lviv Polytechnic, where he remained until 1916. 
Upon returning to Krakow, in 1916, Szyszko-Bohusz was given the post of the director of renovation crew of the Wawel Castle. Due to his efforts, several buildings as well as rooms of the castle were remodelled and renewed. He discovered remnants of the Romanesque prince’s palladium in front of the northern elevation of the castle (1921). In the years 1935-1938 he conducted restoration works in the western part of the cathedral. It was at that time that in St. Leonard’s crypt bishop Maurus’s tomb was found (d. 1118), as well as several fragments of the walls of the Romanesque cathedral and traces of its sequence of transformations. He created the sarcophagus of Juliusz Slowacki and helped with creation of the crypt of Jozef Pilsudski. 
In 1920, Szyszko-Bohusz became director of Department of Antique Architecture at the Academy of Fine Arts, and two years later he became rector of the college. Between 1932 and 1939, he was a director of the Architecture Department at the Warsaw University of Technology.
Szyszko-Bohusz was also a renowned architect. He designed his own family villa in Przegorzały, the monumental office of the Krakow’s branch of PKO Bank Polski (1924) and several other buildings in Krakow. He designed the Castle of the President of Poland in the town of Wisla and the House of Health in Zakopane. Also, Szyszko-Bohusz was editor of the "Architekt" monthly.
During World War II, Szyszko-Bohusz, with permission of the Home Army, worked in a private German architectural office, and in 1945 he returned to his post at the Wawel Castle. In the same year, he co-created Architecture Department at the AGH University of Science and Technology. 
Szyszko-Bohusz was buried at the Rakowicki Cemetery in Krakow.

</doc>
<doc id="19540592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540592" title="Matthew T. Mason">
Matthew T. Mason

Matthew T. Mason (born August 24, 1952 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is an American roboticist and the Director of the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. Mason is a world-renowned researcher in the area of robotic manipulation, and is the author of two highly cited textbooks in the field. 
In 2004, Mason received widespread media attention for developing the first origami folding robot, demonstrating advances in difficult manipulation tasks.
Biography.
Mason received his B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1976, 1978, and 1982, respectively. His M.S. Thesis "Compliance and Force Control for Computer Control led Manipulators" was advised by Berthold K. P. Horn, and his Ph.D. thesis "Manipulator Grasping and Pushing Operations" was advised by Tomas Lozano-Perez and Berthold K. P. Horn. 
He worked at the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center as a research visitor in 1978, and has been teaching at the School of Computer Science and the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon University since 1982. At CMU, Mason served as the chair of the robotics doctoral program from 1995–2004, and is currently the director of the Robotics Institute.
Mason served as the North American Editor of the Butterworths Series in Computer Automation from 1988 to 1994, the technical editor of the IEEE Journal Robotics and Automation from 1989 to 1992, and on the board of editors for the MIT Robotics Review from 1988 to 1992. He is currently a member of the editorial and advisory board for the International Journal of Robotics Research.
Mason was National Science Foundation Fellow from 1976 to 1980. In 1983 he received the System Development Foundation Prize. In 1992 he became Fellow of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence, and in 2000 he became Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Work.
Mason's work is organized around five topics:
Publications.
Mason has published several books and articles, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="19540601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540601" title="Slavic first palatalization">
Slavic first palatalization

Slavic first palatalization is a Proto-Slavic sound change, that manifested as regressive palatalization of inherited Balto-Slavic velars and velar fricative.
Motivation.
An important tendency in Proto-Slavic that also operated throughout the Common Slavic period, and was the direct cause of the first palatalization, was so-called "intrasyllabic synharmony". Such intrasyllabic synharmony was violated if a velar consonant found itself before a front (palatal) vowel, because a velar is articulated in the region of soft palate (velum), in the back part of the roof of the mouth, and front vowels, of course, in the front part of the mouth. This articulatory opposition is then resolved by adapting (assimilating) the articulation of the velar consonant to the front vowel, relocating it to the region of the front soft palate (palatum), i.e. it becomes palatalized. 
This is a very common phenomenon in the phonetic history of languages. Velar palatalization before front vowels has also marked for example the evolution of almost all modern Romance languages.
Formulation.
Inherited velars *k (< PIE *k, *) and *g (< PIE *g, *, *, *) change before Proto-Slavic front vowels *e/ē, *i/ī (PIE *e/ē, *i, *ey/ēy, *ew/ēw > OCS "e"/"ě", "ь", "i", '"u"), and also before the palatal semivowel *j:
Proto-Slavic velar fricative *x, which was absent in PIE and arose primarily from PIE *s by means of RUKI law, from word-initial PIE #sk-, as well as from Germanic and Iranian borrowings, changed in the same environment as:
Compare:
The effect of the first palatalization is also evident on Germanic loanwords. Compare:
Interpretation.
Even though it is commonly stated in the literature that the result of first palatalization were consonants */č/, */ž/, */š/, there is no certain evidence that that process was indeed "finished" by the 600 CE.
There is also some disagreement on whether Proto-Slavic velars became affricates before front vowels and before */j/; at first sight, it seems likely that palatalization of velars was an "older" process than palatalization before */j/.
Many linguists think that the transition *kj > *č, *gj > *ž, *xj > *š occurred simultaneously with the changes *sj > *š, *zj > *ž, i.e. together with changes otherwise known as the Common Slavic iotation (or "yodization"). However, that change is in fact Common Slavic (post-Proto-Slavic), which is obvious e.g. from the adaption of Romance toponyms in the Adriatic, to which Slavs subsequently spread well after the 5th century, when first regressive palatalization is usually dated. Compare:
On the other hand, from a purely phonetic viewpoint, it's very hard to believe that velars might have been unpalatalized before *j by the time they palatalized before *e and *i.
That being said, the first palatalization must have proceeded gradually:
The most economic interpretation is that there was no difference in Proto-Slavic of *k and *g before *j, and before *e, *i, i.e. that the pronunciation was *kj, *gj. *j was then lost after palatalized velars (or affricates) in Common Slavic period of iotation of other consonants. 
With that in mind, consonants */č/ and */ž/, which are usually reconstructed in the phonemic inventory of Proto-Slavic in the literature, were likely to be just phonologically predictable allophones of */k/, and */g/, and have remained such until conditions were met after the 600 CE for their appearance behind back vowels as well. Similarly, *š which resulted by the application of RUKI law was an allophone of */s/ after *r, *u, *k, *i, but when *š emerged from Proto-Slavic *sj, the opposition between *š and *s became phonological, i.e. */š/ became phonemicized.
Dating.
The results of the first palatalization were the same in all Slavic languages, which shows that it was probably conducted before the migration of Slavs in their historical settlements, and that means probably before 500 CE. As it was mentioned, it also operated on Gothic borrowings which were probably borrowed before or not long after the fall of Gothic Empire by the Huns in 375 CE. This all shows that it operated throughout the 5th century.
Further evidence on that date are the toponymy and the hydronymy of the upper Dnieper river which Slavs colonized probably in the latter half of the 5th century. Before their arrival, that region was populated by the Baltic speakers, and the Baltic river names such as "Vilkesà", "Akesa", "Laukesà" and "Merkys" yielded Russian equivalents "Volčesa", "Očesa", "Lučesa", and "Mereč"'. This shows that the palatalization was operable in the latter half of the 5th century.
By the time Slavs reached the south of Greece and the Adriatic coastline, in the 6th and the 7th century, palatalization was no longer operable. That can be seen from the fact that Slavic words were borrowed into Middle Greek in palatalized form, and also from the fact that Romance toponyms on the Adriatic undergo the second, not the first palatalization.
On the basis of this data, and on the basis of the fact that for the sound change to be complete at least three generations are needed, i.e. ca 75 years, Arnošt Lemprecht concluded that that palatalization operated approximately 400-475 CE, ±25 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19540609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540609" title="Almost and Always">
Almost and Always

Almost and Always is the fifth full-length album by singer/songwriter David Mead.
Many of the tracks saw their live debut at The Basement in Nashville, TN on July 30, 2008.
Track listing.
All tracks by Bill DeMain and David Mead except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19540624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540624" title="Kettering Rugby Football Club">
Kettering Rugby Football Club

Kettering Rugby Football Club (KRFC) is a rugby club located in Waverley Road on the south side of Kettering, England.
History.
The earliest available records indicate that the playing of rugby football in Kettering was initiated by the Rector of Barton Seagrave village in 1871. After a period of playing under Uppingham Public School Rules the club formally adopted RFU rules in 1875, quickly becoming a significant participant in both local community and the fast developing rugby scene in the East Midlands.
In the early days games were played on a number of sites including farmers' fields and council owned grounds. It was during this period, prior to adopting a home of its own, that the club developed its high profile in the town. Social occasions and players' "meetings" were held traditionally at the Royal Hotel, later moving to the George, with more formal occasions such as the Annual Ball becoming the highlight of the local function calendar.
KRFC today.
Kettering started the 2009/10 season in the newly renamed National 3 - Midlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19540626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540626" title="Michael W. Wright">
Michael W. Wright

Michael W. Wright is a Minneapolis business executive who has served as chief executive officer of SuperValu (1981–2001) and who currently is a director of Wells Fargo & Company.
He was educated at St. Thomas Academy and later attended the University of Minnesota, receiving a BA degree and later, in 1963, a JD degree. After practicing law with the firm of Dorsey & Whitney in Minneapolis, Wright joined SuperValu, Inc., in March 1977 as senior vice president for administration. In 1978 Wright was named chief operating officer and president.
Wright was president of SuperValu until 2001, serving concurrently as chief executive officer from 1981 and chairman of the board of directors from 1982. A recipient of the 1999 Horatio Alger Award, he also served as chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. He retired as president and CEO of SuperValu in June 2001 and as chairman in June 2002.
Elected a director of Norwest in 1991, he served on the bank's board until its merger in 1998 with Wells Fargo, whereupon he became a director of Wells Fargo.
Politically, he has been a member of George W. Bush for President and of the National Republican Congressional Committee.
Wright is a member of the boards of Wells Fargo & Company, Canadian Pacific Railway, Cargill, Inc., S.C. Johnson & Son, and Honeywell International, Inc. He is also a trustee of St. Thomas Academy, a former member of the University of Minnesota Law School Board of Visitors (1999–2004), and trustee emeritus of the University of Minnesota Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19540630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540630" title="Isaac Lewis House">
Isaac Lewis House

Isaac Lewis House or Isaac Lewis Cottage may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19540636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540636" title="Zé Vítor">
Zé Vítor

José Vítor Jardim Vieira (born 11 February 1982 in Funchal, Madeira), commonly known as Zé Vítor, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Nikos & Sokratis Erimis in the Cypriot Second Division, as a right midfielder.
Football career.
Zé Vítor started playing professionally with C.S. Marítimo in his hometown, but never appeared officially for the first team, also being loaned to a third division side, in the Madeira region. He was definitely released in 2003, signing with another neighbouring club, A.D. Machico in the fourth level.
In the 2006 summer Vítor joined C.D. Nacional – still in Madeira – making his top flight debut on 27 August, coming from the bench in a 0–1 away loss against former team Marítimo. He went on to appear in a further 30 league games for the club, leaving in the 2008 January transfer window to FC St. Gallen of Switzerland. 
After suffering relegation in his first Swiss Super League season, Zé Vítor helped the club return to division one in the following year. In 2010 he moved countries again, signing for AEL Limassol in Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="19540658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540658" title="Great Mosque of Aleppo">
Great Mosque of Aleppo

The Great Mosque of Aleppo ( "Jāmi‘ Halab al-Kabīr") or the Umayyad Mosque of Aleppo ( "Jāmi‘ Bani Umayah Bi-Halab") is the largest and one of the oldest mosques in the city of Aleppo, Syria. It is located in al-Jalloum district of the Ancient City of Aleppo, a World Heritage Site, near the entrance to al-Madina Souq. The mosque is purportedly home to the remains of Zechariah, the father of John the Baptist. It was built in the beginning of the 8th century. However, the current building dates back to the 11th through 14th centuries. The minaret was built in 1090, and was destroyed during fighting in the Syrian civil war in April 2013.
History.
Founding.
The site of the Great Mosque was once the agora of the Hellenistic period, which later became the garden for the Cathedral of Saint Helena during the Christian era of Roman rule in Syria.
The mosque was built on confiscated land that formerly served as the Cathedral cemetery. According to later traditions, the construction of the earliest mosque on the site was commenced by the Ummayad caliph al-Walid I in 715 and was finished by his successor Sulayman ibn Abd al-Malik in 717. Architectural historian K. A. C. Creswell attributes its construction solely to the latter, quoting 13th century Aleppine historian Ibn al-Adim who wrote Sulayman's intent was "to make it equal to the work of his brother al-Walid in the Great Mosque at Damascus." Another tradition claims al-Walid founded the mosque using materials from the so-called "Church of Cyrrus." 
However, architectural historian Jere L. Bacharach writes that the most likely patron of the mosque was Maslamah ibn Abd al-Malik, a brother of al-Walid and Sulayman who served as the governor of the local province (Jund Qinnasrin) sometime prior to 710 until at least the early period of Sulayman's rule. Accordingly, this would explain the belief that the mosque's construction took place during the reign of both caliphs. Moreover, Maslamah's governorship of Qinnasrin was largely ignored by the early Arabic historians, who focused their attention on his campaigns against the Byzantine Empire and the Armenians, and his governorship over the provinces of Iraq, Iranian Azerbaijan, Upper Mesopotamia and Armenia. Bacharach further states that Maslamah's commissioning of a large congregational mosque in Aleppo, a major base from which to attack the Byzantines, would have "been appropriate, if not necessary."
Renovation.
In the second half of the 11th century, the Mirdasids controlled Aleppo and built a single-domed fountain in the mosque's courtyard. At the northwest corner of the mosque, the 45-meter high minaret was built by the Shia Muslim "qadi" ("chief Islamic judge") of Aleppo, Abu'l Hasan Muhammad in 1090, during the reign of Seljuk governor Aq Sunqur al-Hajib. Its construction was finished in 1094 during Tutush's rule. The architect of the project was Hasan ibn Mufarraj al-Sarmini.
The mosque was restored and expanded by the Zengid sultan Nur al-Din in 1159 after a great fire that had destroyed the earlier Ummayad structure; In 1260 the mosque was razed by the Mongols. 
The Mamluks (1260–1516) made repairs and alterations. Carved Kufic and "nashki" inscriptions decorated the entire minaret along with alternate bands of stylized ornaments in patterns and "muqarnas". Sultan Qalawun replaced the burnt out "mihrab" (niche indicating the "qibla", or direction to Mecca) in 1285. Later, Sultan al-Nasir Muhammad (1293–1341) had the new "minbar" ("preacher's pulpit") constructed during his reign.
The courtyard and minaret of the mosque were renovated in 2003.
Syrian Civil War.
On 13 October 2012 the mosque was seriously damaged during clashes between the armed groups of the Free Syrian Army and the Syrian Army forces. President Bashar al-Assad issued a presidential decree to form a committee to repair the mosque by the end of 2013.
The mosque was seized by rebel forces in early 2013, and, as of April 2013, is within an area of heavy fighting, with government force stationed away.
On 24 April 2013 the minaret of the mosque was reduced to rubble during an exchange of heavy weapons fire between government forces and rebels during the ongoing Syrian civil war. The Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reported that members of Jabhat al-Nusra detonated explosives inside the minaret, while opposition activists said that the minaret was destroyed by Syrian Army tank fire as part of an offensive. Countering assertions by the state media of Jabhat al-Nusra's involvement, opposition sources described them as rebels from the Tawhid Brigades who were fighting government forces around the mosque. The opposition's main political bloc, the Syrian National Coalition (SNC), condemned the minaret's destruction, calling it "an indelible disgrace" and "a crime against human civilization."
Architecture.
Courtyard.
The Great Mosque is built around a vast courtyard that connects to different areas of the mosque, positioned behind the colonnaded arcade. The courtyard is well known for its alternating black and white stone floor that forms intricate geometric arrangements. Two ablutions fountains, both of which are roofed. The court yard also has an open prayer estrade and a sundial.
Interior.
The "haram" ("sanctuary") consists of the main prayer hall to the courtyard's south, which contains the primary elements of the mosque: the shrine of Zechariah, a 15th-century "minbar" ("pulpit"), and an elaborately carved "mihrab" ("niche"). Although the central entrance contains an inscription attributing its construction to Ottoman sultan Murad III, it was built by the Mamluks. The hall has three naves, all lined with 18 quadrangular columns with cross-vaults. This large prayer hall originally had a basic straight rooftop with a central dome, but during Mamluk rule was replaced with an intricate cross-vaulted system with arches and a small dome over the arcades. The "mihrab" is deep and round and Zechariah's supposed tomb is to its left along the southern wall.
There are three other halls that abut the remaining sides of the courtyard. The eastern and northern halls each have two naves, while the western hall has one. The latter is mostly of modern construction. The east hall dates to the period of Malik Shah (1072–92) and the north hall was renovated during Mamluk sultan Barquq's reign (1382–1399), but largely maintained its original 11th century character.
Minaret.
The minaret's shaft, which protruded out of the flat roof of one of the halls, consisted of five levels with a crowning top encircled with a veranda. A "muqarnas"-style cornice divided the veranda top from the shaft. The structure was largely built of fine ashlar. The minaret was heavily decorated in relief ornament, more so than any other Islamic-era structure in Aleppo with the exception of the Shu'aybiyah Madrasa. Its stories contained cusped arches and continuous mouldings. The masonry of the minaret varied throughout, with a mix of light and heavy usage of toothed tools, short, long, vertical and horizontal strokes, fine and rough finishes, and small and large stones.
According to "E.J. Brill's First Encyclopaedia of Islam", the minaret was "quite unique in the whole of Muslim architecture." Archaeologist Ernst Herzfeld described the architectural style of the minaret as being "the product of Mediterranean civilization," writing that its four facades carried elements of Gothic architecture. Meanwhile, anthropologist Yasser Tabbaa stated the mosque was a continuation of the ancient North Syrian churches and "an entirely localized phenomenon, centered mainly in the region between Aleppo and Edessa."

</doc>
<doc id="19540665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540665" title="Prince Robert, Duke of Chartres">
Prince Robert, Duke of Chartres

Prince Robert Philippe Louis Eugène Ferdinand of Orléans, Duke of Chartres (November 9, 1840, Paris – December 5, 1910, Saint Firmin) was the son of Prince Ferdinand Philippe, Duke of Orléans and thus grandson of King Louis-Philippe of France. He fought for the Union in the American Civil War, and then for France in the 1870 Franco-Prussian War. In 1863 he married his cousin Princess Françoise of Orléans in Kingston upon Thames - she was the daughter of François, Prince of Joinville. In 1886 he was exiled from France.
Life.
Born in 1840, the duke was very soon orphaned - his father died in a cabriolet accident in 1842, and his mother died in 1857. Thus, during their childhood and adolescence, he and his elder brother were mainly looked after by their grandparents, king Louis-Philippe and queen Marie-Amélie of the Bourbon-Siciles. He followed the rest of the Orléans family into exile after the 1848 revolution. Louis-Philippe refused to fire upon the revolutionaries and thus abdicated his crown in favour of Robert's brother on February 24. As a result Robert's mother Helena presented herself before the chamber of deputies to proclaim her elder son king of the French and to have herself named regent, accompanied by her brother-in-law, the Duke of Nemours, and his children. However, the assembly of Ledru-Rollin, Crémieux and Lamartine, frustrated her plans and instituted the Second French Republic. Helena and her children thus left France for Germany, whilst Louis-Philippe and the rest of the royal family moved to the United Kingdom. There they set up home in Claremont, property of King Leopold I of Belgium, himself related to Louis-Philippe. Whilst in England, in 1857 his mother Duchess Helene of Mecklenburg-Schwerin succumbed to influenza, which she passed on to Robert.
Sent to Turin for military training shortly after his mother's death, the duke of Chartres became an officer in the Piedmontese dragoons and fought in the Wars of Italian Unification on the side of France and the House of Savoy from 1859 onwards. He notably fought at the battle of Palestro, for which he was decorated by king Victor Emmanuel II.
With the outbreak of the American Civil War in April 1861, Chartres and his brother, Prince Philippe, Count of Paris, traveled to the United States to support the Union cause. On September 24, 1861, Chartres was commissioned a captain in the United States Army. He served as an assistant adjutant general on the staff of the commander of the Army of the Potomac, Major General George B. McClellan. He served in the Battle of Gaines's Mill on June 27, 1862 and resigned from the Union Army on July 15, 1862.
During their stay in the United States, the princes were accompanied by their uncle, the Prince of Joinville, who painted many watercolours of their stay. Although eligible for membership, Chartres did not join (as his brother had) the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States - an organization of Union officers who had served during the American Civil War.
Returning to Europe, the Duke of Chartres decided to marry but, as an exiled member of a royal house considered illegitimate by most of the reigning dynasties of the continent, found he would be unable to marry a foreign princess. He thus asked for the hand of his first cousin Françoise d'Orléans-Joinville, whom he married on June 11, 1863, in Kingston upon Thames, England. They bought and lived in a house in Ham, (now the site of the Cassel Hospital).
Finding himself in Brussels, with his uncles Prince François and Prince Henri, Duke of Aumale, in 1870 on the declaration of the Franco-Prussian War, the Duke of Chartres immediately requested Napoleon III's government for authorisation to fight in the conflict. However, the minister of war opposed Robert's participation in the war and he was thus unable to enroll in the French army until after the fall of the Empire. He then fought in the war under the pseudonym Robert Le Fort and was made head of a squadron in the Armée de la Loire, fighting with such distinction he was made a Chevalier (knight) of the Légion d'honneur once the war was over. The provisional government kept him at that rank and in 1871 sent him to Algeria to put down a native revolt.
In 1881 the Republican regime - more and more hostile to members of the Orléans and Napoléon former French royal families - removed him from his post as colonel of the 19th Mounted Chasseur Regiment. Then, in 1886, the law of exile allowed the Republican government to remove the prince from the Army list of officers and he was exiled from France.
Chartres was eventually allowed to return to France and he died in Saint-Firmin in 1910.
Issue.
Robert and Françoise had 5 children:

</doc>
<doc id="19540676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540676" title="Isaac C. Lewis Cottage">
Isaac C. Lewis Cottage

The Isaac C. Lewis Cottage is a house in Branford, Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19540681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540681" title="David de Freitas (French footballer)">
David de Freitas (French footballer)

David de Freitas (born 30 September 1979 in Senlis) is a French footballer, who currently plays for Châteauroux.
Titles:

</doc>
<doc id="19540685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540685" title="Anne of Bohemia (1290–1313)">
Anne of Bohemia (1290–1313)

Anne of Bohemia (1290–1313) was the eldest surviving daughter of Wenceslaus II of Bohemia and Poland and his first wife Judith of Habsburg. Her siblings included Elisabeth of Bohemia and Wenceslaus III of Bohemia.
Family.
Anne was born in 1290 in the Kingdom of Bohemia. Her mother, Judith, died in 1297 when Anne was seven years old. Of her mother's ten children, only four of them lived to adulthood: Wenceslaus, Anne, Elisabeth and Margaret.
In 1300 Anne's widowed father, Wenceslaus, re-married a Polish princess called Elisabeth Richeza from the genus Piast dynasty. Anne's father then gained the Crown of Poland for the next five years (he died in 1305). They had a daughter, Agnes of Bohemia.
Her father also had numerous illegitimate children, including Jan Volek (?? – 27 September 1351), bishop of Olomouc
Marriage.
In 1306 Anne married Henry of Carinthia, a son of Meinhard, Duke of Carinthia and Elisabeth of Bavaria.
After the murder of Anne's brother, Wenceslaus, in 1306, Anne's husband was elected King of Bohemia and titular King of Poland. However, all power was soon taken over by Rudolph of Habsburg. Anne and Henry then fled to Carinthia out of reach from Rudolph. Rudolph only reigned for one year and on his death Henry assumed the throne of Bohemia again.
The royal couple turned their attention to Anne's younger unmarried sister Elisabeth. They wished to have her married but Elisabeth refused every suitor that came forward. In 1310 Elisabeth married John of Luxembourg. This union caused Anne and Elisabeth to fall out. It was said that Elisabeth was more beautiful than Anne and that Anne was jealous of her. 
By 1310 John and Elisabeth occupied Prague; Anne and Henry were sent back to live in Carinthia in exile. It was there in 1313 that she died aged only twenty two and childless. Her husband married twice more.

</doc>
<doc id="19540711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540711" title="Tangerine (David Mead album)">
Tangerine (David Mead album)

Tangerine is the fourth full-length album by singer/songwriter David Mead, released on the Tallulah label in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19540732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540732" title="Arthur Parham">
Arthur Parham

Beginning his ministry with a curacy at Bromley he was then appointed Chaplain of Magdalen College, Oxford. A period interrupted with World War I service as a Chaplain to the Forces during which he was twice Mentioned in Despatches and awarded the MC. 
When peace returned he became Rector of Easthampstead, then Rural Dean of Reading and finally (before his elevation to the Episcopate) Archdeacon of Berkshire. In retirement he continued to serve the Church as an Assistant Bishop within the Diocese of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="19540736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540736" title="Joseph E. Meyer">
Joseph E. Meyer

Joseph Ernest Meyer (September 5, 1878 – 1950) was a prominent citizen, botanist and millionaire from the Northwest Indiana community. He was the founder of the Indiana Botanic Gardens, Bank Calumet and Meyer Publishing. He constructed the Meyer's Castle in today's Dyer as his residence where he lived until his death in 1950. He also constructed a mansion located along the north side of the Little Calumet River in Hammond, Indiana to house the Indiana Botanic Gardens. This mansion housed the Indiana Botanic Gardens until 1990 when the company moved to a newer facility in Hobart, Indiana. The mansion still stands today and is used by Hluska Enterprises Inc. During the summer, it is a retail fireworks outlet and in the fall it is the site of Reaper's Realm Haunted House.

</doc>
<doc id="19540738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540738" title="Avtury">
Avtury

Avtury (; ) is a rural locality (a "selo") in Shalinsky District of the Chechen Republic, Russia, located on the Khulkhulau River, east of Shali. Population: 
It was supposedly founded in the 14th century, soon after the area was abandoned by the Mongols and Tatars. During the Caucasian War, Avtury was a combat area between Imam Shamil and the Russian troops.

</doc>
<doc id="19540740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540740" title="College of William &amp; Mary fraternity and sorority system">
College of William &amp; Mary fraternity and sorority system

The College of William & Mary fraternity and sorority system recognizes chapters of national organizations belonging to the Panhellenic Council, the Interfraternity Council (IFC) and the National Pan-Hellenic Council, and also recognizes one local fraternity without Greek letters (Queen's Guard) and the local chapter of one national fraternity (Kappa Sigma) that abandoned membership in an inter-Greek consortium. The school also offers a variety of honor and co-ed service fraternities as well. The United States' first known collegiate fraternity was founded at the College of William & Mary on December 5, 1776. Phi Beta Kappa is an academic honor society which is still the highest academic honor a college student can be awarded. Some fraternities and/or sororities are limited to graduate students at William & Mary, while others may only be joined at the undergraduate level. Other Greek-letter organizations operate without recognition or approval from college administrators.
Six on-campus fraternity houses are located in the same complex of interconnected buildings known as "The Units". Each house, which can hold up to 36 occupants, has access to a patio area as well as a large social room for official fraternity events. One on-campus fraternity, AEΠ, is located in the lodges, while the Delta Phi fraternity has its own house on Armistead Ave., adjacent to sorority court. Additionally, beginning in the fall of 2010, four fraternities relocated to the college's slightly off-campus complex, known as the Ludwell Apartments. Each organization shall occupy a single building, consisting of a number of apartments.
Beginning in the Fall of 2013, 11 new fraternity houses and a Greek community center will be built. Each of these buildings will house 17 men.
All sororities are located off-campus in a complex known as "Sorority Court" on Richmond Road directly across from the Wren Building and the President's House. There are twelve individual houses in the area with eleven of them used by sororities (the other is a fraternity). Sorority Court is within walking distance of Merchants Square in Colonial Williamsburg and the campus quad, the Sunken Garden.
As of the end of the 2007–08 academic calendar year, 25% of undergraduate men and 27% of undergraduate women participated in the Greek system. The average fraternity size was 38 while the average sorority size was 70.

</doc>
<doc id="19540753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540753" title="Max Telecom">
Max Telecom

Max Telecom is a mobile telecommunications company and internet service provider (ISP) in Bulgaria. It was launched in October 2007 by Krasimir Stoychev, the founder of Bulgaria's first GSM operator MobilTel (in 1994). Max Telecom has license for operating the telecommunication services through a network of "point-to-multipoint" with national coverage, the service is also known as WiMAX. This type of network allows the building of high-speed and reliable connection. Also it gives opportunity to offer a wide range of fixed and mobile services, including Internet access, virtual private networks (VPN), voice services, video services and IPTV.
The company was begun in 2005 after a WiMAX licence was secured. The company is thus Bulgaria's fourth mobile and first 4G network. As of September 2008, coverage included most of the country's larger cities.Telephone numbers in the network begin with the code 0999. [http://www.maxtelecom.bg/en/devices/hotmax-47.html
Coverage.
As 2009 WiMAX network has full coverage in the following cities: Sofia, Plovdiv, Pazardjik, Burgas, Varna, Sliven, Blogevgrad, Veliko Turnovo, Asenovgrad, Dupnica, Pernik, Sandanski, Kyustendil, Petrich, Bankia, Nesebur, Kostinbrod, in the resorts Bansko, Pamporovo, Golden Sands, Sunny beach and the villigers near Sofia – Vladaya, Bistrica, Dragalevciand Boyana.

</doc>
<doc id="19540759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540759" title="Handball at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Handball at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Handball at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Mecca from April 9 to April 19, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19540773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540773" title="Macon (food)">
Macon (food)

Macon is a food item that is prepared from mutton (i.e. adult sheep meat). Macon is prepared in a similar manner to bacon, with the meat being cured by soaking it in large quantities of salt or brine. 
Generally macon has a light black and yellow color, with the outer edges being a darker pink. Macon looks and feels similar to bacon. It would more commonly be found in a thin sliced form used in sandwiches, or as a smaller cut slice topping on a pizza.
Scottish recipe used in World War II.
Macon derives from an old Scots recipe. It was produced in the United Kingdom during World War II when rationing was instituted. Scottish lawyer and politician Frederick Alexander Macquisten, was the first to suggest mass-production of macon. "If the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Food will consult with any farmer's wife in Perthshire, she will show him how to cure it," he informed the House of Commons. This led to its popular name "Macon's bacon".

</doc>
<doc id="19540781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540781" title="Scissionisti di Secondigliano">
Scissionisti di Secondigliano

The Scissionisti di Secondigliano ("Secessionists of Secondigliano") is a Camorra clan from the Secondigliano district of Naples, headed by Raffaele Amato and Cesare Pagano. They are also known as ""Spagnoli"" (Spaniards) because of their endless trips ferrying cocaine from Galicia in Spain. Amato split from the Di Lauro clan and tried to assert the Scissionisti's control over drugs and prostitution rackets in the areas, that included Secondigliano and Scampia. Amato aligned himself with several "Sistema" leaders, as the Camorra is known in Naples, which included Gennaro Marino and Arcangelo Abete. The war, known as the Scampia feud (Italian "faida di Scampìa"), resulted in over 60 murders in 2004 and 2005. The feud caused widespread public revulsion against the Camorra and led to a major crackdown by the authorities. 
Secondigliano is controlled by the Di Lauro clan whereas Scampia, Casavatore, Chiaiano, Marianella, Piscinola, Giugliano and Melito is under the control of the Scissionisti. 
Its known allies are:

</doc>
<doc id="19540823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540823" title="1997 Cotton Bowl Classic">
1997 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 1997 Southwestern Bell Cotton Bowl Classic was a college football bowl game played on January 1, 1997, at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, Texas, USA. The Cotton Bowl Classic was part of the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season. The bowl game featured the Kansas State Wildcats from the Big 12 and the BYU Cougars from the Western Athletic Conference. The game was televised on CBS. 
Game summary.
BYU's defense had kept the Cougars in range, limiting Kansas State to 199 yards of offense through three quarters, with 113 of them coming on two plays, a Hail Mary, tipped touchdown pass to Andre Anderson at the end of the first half and a 72-yard catch and run by Kevin Lockett early in the third quarter for another touchdown. 
BYU was trailing, 15-5, in the fourth quarter when Kansas State's All-America cornerback, Chris Canty, was helped off the field because of cramps caused by dehydration. When Joe Gordon moved to the short side of the field to take Canty's place, reserve cornerback Demetric Denmark entered on the wide side. 
BYU immediately attacked the less experienced player when James Dye caught a 32-yard touchdown catch over Denmark in the end zone to cut K-State's lead to 15-12. 
Canty was still off the field two possessions later when BYU began what would prove to be the winning 60-yard drive. When Gordon also came off the field on a third-and-seven at the K-State 28, freshman cornerback Lamar Chapman was thrown into the game for the first time. 
Again, BYU picked up on the substitution and Steve Sarkisian hit K.O. Kealaluhi, who had a step on Chapman, in the left corner of the end zone for the go-ahead touchdown. With the extra point kick, BYU had a 19-15 lead with three minutes, 39 seconds left. 
An important part of the touchdown according to Bill Snyder, was the fact his defense was on the field for 17:30 of the second half, five minutes longer than BYU's defense. 
After BYU took the lead, Kansas State still had one last chance to win and drove from its own 28 to the BYU 17 with 1:34 remaining in the game. 
But that's when BYU's cornerbacks stepped up. 
K-State quarterback Brian Kavanagh threw to Lockett in back of the end zone, but McTyer hit Lockett in the air and drove him out of bounds before he could get his feet down. 
Two plays later, Kavanagh tried a pass to Jimmy Dean on a slant pattern. But BYU's Morgan broke on the ball and tipped it to himself for the game-saving interception.

</doc>
<doc id="19540879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540879" title="2008 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand and Australia">
2008 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand and Australia

The 2008 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand and Australia was a series of matches played in June 2008 in New Zealand and Australia by Ireland national rugby union team.

</doc>
<doc id="19540884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540884" title="Victor Hammer (businessman)">
Victor Hammer (businessman)

Victor Hammer (b. 1901 in New York City, d. July 21, 1985) was a businessman, founder and owner of the famed Hammer Galleries in New York City, and philanthropist.
Biography.
Early life.
Victor Hammer attended Princeton University, where he graduated in 1921 with a degree in Art History. His older brother was businessman Armand Hammer.
Career.
He was business partner to his brother Armand on several business ventures, including Hammer Galleries in New York City, founded in 1928 as a way to funnel profits made in Soviet Russia out of that country. At one point, British Intelligence believed Hammer Galleries was a front for Soviet Intelligence. The Hammer brothers had been in contact with Soviet authorities for a number of reasons, such as famine relief as well as when the Soviets sought a buyer for the treasures of the Hermitage Museum as a way to earn hard currency. Victor was responsible for acquisitions for Hammer Galleries, including the so-called Romanov Treasures and Fabergé eggs. In 1937, "Time Magazine" described Victor and Armand as "Two of the most startling characters in the U. S. art world are the Brothers Armand and Victor Hammer, one with a medical degree, both friends of Soviet Russia."
Philanthropy.
He was a prolific philanthropist. Alongside his brothers Harry and Armand, he purchased the Campobello Island and donated it to the United States and Canada as the countries' first joint park, known as Roosevelt Campobello International Park

</doc>
<doc id="19540886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540886" title="Max Castillo">
Max Castillo

Max Castillo was the fourth president of the University of Houston–Downtown (UHD) from 1992 to 2009. He has served as the longest president of UHD as of his retirement date on July 31, 2009. Castillo holds a Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts from St. Mary's University, and a Doctor of Education from the University of Houston. Prior to becoming president of UHD, he served as president of San Antonio College from 1982 to 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19540987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540987" title="Kobi">
Kobi

Kobi or KOBI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19540993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19540993" title="Sanjjanaa">
Sanjjanaa

Archana Galrani , (born October 10, 1989) better known by her stage name Sanjjanaa , is an Indian model turned film actress. She made her film debut in the Tamil film "Oru Kadhal Seiveer" (2006) and soon became famous for her controversial role in the Kannada film "Ganda Hendthi" (2006). Her supporting role in the 2008 Telugu film "Bujjigadu" directed by Puri Jagannadh brought her to limelight in the Telugu industry.
Biography.
Sanjjanaa was born in 1989 and brought up in Bengaluru. She is of Sindhi origin. She has a sister Nikki Galrani, who is also an actress. When she was doing her PUC, she received her first modelling offer. She continued her studies while working as a part-time model. She appeared in over 60 television advertisements, the most notable being a Fasttrack advert with John Abraham. After appearing in a couple of advertisements, she signed her first film "Ganda Hendathi" in Kannada. Her first release, however, became the low-budget Tamil film, "Oru Kadhal Seiveer", which met with negative reviews and poor box office returns. S. R. Ashok Kumar of "The Hindu" noted that Sanjjanaa, then credited under her birth name, was "beautiful but has to work on her acting". "Ganda Hendathi", a remake of the Hindi film "Murder" (2004), itself an adaptation of the Hollywood film "Unfaithful" (2002), was also panned by critics. Sanjjanaa's performance drew mixed reviews, with a reviewer from Nowrunning.com claiming that she "utterly fails to deliver" in the emotional sequences, while Sify wrote "Sanjana has made a decent debut and she is extremely daring and does justice to her role". In 2008, she made her Telugu film debut in Puri Jagannadh's "Bujjigadu", in which she played a notable role alongside Prabhas and Trisha Krishnan. Although her role was small, the film gained her considerable attention and helped her growing in popularity. In 2010, she was first seen in the Telugu film "Police Police", which was followed by a cameo role in "Huduga Hudugi". Her final release of that year was "Mylari" that featured her opposite Shivrajkumar. It was the biggest milestone in her Kannada career as she was subsequently flooded with offers in Kannada cinema. Regarding her performance in the film, the "Times of India" wrote that she "shines in her lively and mischievous role". She won the Bangalore Times Award for Best Actor in a Negative Role Female in 2012 for "I Am Sorry Mathe Banni Preethsona".
In January 2012 released her Malayalam debut she played one of the lead female roles in "Casanovva", her maiden Malayalam venture. Reportedly the costliest Malayalam production of all time, co-starring Mohanlal and Shriya Saran, the film saw Sanjjana portray a salsa dancer. Director Rosshan Andrrews signed her for the particular role, since she was trained in salsa. Her last release is her second Malayalam film, the Shaji Kailas directed "The King & the Commissioner", co-starring Mammooty and Suresh Gopi. Later in 2012 she was seen in films including "Narasimha", "Ondu Kshanadalli", "Sagar", all of which being Kannada projects, and "Yamaho Yama".
In 2013 she appeared in "Jagan Nirdoshi" in Telugu which was made under Padmalaya Films and in "Mahanadhi" in Kannada, which was her first heroine centric film. She was then seen in "Nenem…Chinna Pillana?" in which she played a NRI again. She is currently filming for a Telugu comedy film, "Saradha", directed by RP Patnaik, while her Kannada films "Agarja", opposite Jaggesh, and "Rebel" which film has Aditya in the lead, and the Telugu film, "Once Upon a Time" have been finished.

</doc>
<doc id="19541004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541004" title="1992 Winchester 400">
1992 Winchester 400

The twenty-third annual Featherlite Trailers Winchester 400 motor race (run yearly since 1970) was an automobile race held on October 4, 1992, at the Winchester Speedway in Winchester, Indiana (USA).
For the first time in its proud history, the American Speed Association was not the sanctioning body for the event, but two ASA standouts stole the show. In his third attempt at winning the fall classic, Tim Steele passed three-time ASA Champion and two-time former winner Butch Miller on the 348th lap to score the first "Winchester 400" win under the sanction of the All-Pro Series.
The race.
Mike Garvey turned a lap of 16.145 seconds (111.489 MPH) in qualifications to establish a standard for the All-Pro Series. At the drop of the green flag, Steele got the early jump with Garvey in tow for most of the first 100 laps of the race. After traveling back from an ARTGO race at Toledo Speedway that he had won the night before, Miller was forced to start at the tail of the field after missing the mandatory driver’s meeting for the "400."
On lap 111, Garvey passed Steele for the race lead and set a torrid pace until Steel passed him on the 140th circuit. As the leaders battled amongst themselves, Miller patiently maneuvered through the pack, advancing to second position on lap 185. Garvey passed Steele again for the lead on lap 193, but 15 laps later lost a piece of lead weight and cut a tire, sending him spinning and collecting Jack Sprague, ending the day for both competitors.
Gary Bradberry led for the first time following the caution period until Miller flashed by and into the top spot on lap 239. Steele quickly followed Miller into second with Bobby Labonte lurking within striking distance in third. After starting dead last in the field, Miller faced more adversity in the final 100 laps when his shift lever fell off, making restarts difficult. Miller remained in the lead until lap 348 when Steele went back to the front of the field for the third and final time. Miller kept it close, finishing just three car lengths behind Steele to take second place ahead of Bradberry, B. Labonte, and Jody Ridley as the top-five all completed the 400-lap distance. Steele was presented with a first prize of $11,825 for the win.

</doc>
<doc id="19541064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541064" title="Skiff Lake, New Brunswick">
Skiff Lake, New Brunswick

Skiff Lake is an unincorporated community in York County, New Brunswick, Canada. The community is on the north-west corner of Skiff Lake.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19541090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541090" title="Kunštát Castle">
Kunštát Castle

The Kunštát Castle () is a national monument in Kunštát, Czech Republic.
The Kunštát castle is located in the place of the Kunštát fortress, mentioned as early as in 1380.
In 1448 it became the property of King George of Poděbrady.

</doc>
<doc id="19541115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541115" title="African Refugees Development Center">
African Refugees Development Center

The African Refugee Development Center (ARDC), founded in 2004, is an Israeli non-governmental organization created to assist, support, and empower the African refugees and asylum-seekers in Israel, and to promote a humane and fair Israeli asylum policy. Based on the principle of mutual aid and empowerment ("refugees helping refugees"), the organization's goals include:
In early 2007, the ARDC started to work towards a solution to the growing need for accommodation, humanitarian aid, and case management for newly arriving refugees and asylum seekers into Israel. The ARDC began to operate emergency shelters for new arrivals.

</doc>
<doc id="19541157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541157" title="Ricky Van Veen">
Ricky Van Veen

Ricky Raphael Van Veen is the co-founder of CollegeHumor, a popular comedy brand/website, and CEO of Notional, a television production company born out of CollegeHumor. Van Veen created the site as a student at Wake Forest and it quickly became a mainstay. Van Veen's site was earning between $10 million–15 million dollars a year before the partners sold a controlling stake to IAC/InterActiveCorp. He is also one of the principal owners and founders of Connected Ventures, a company formed around CollegeHumor that included BustedTees and Vimeo.
He often appears in some of the company's video series' such as "Jake and Amir" and "Hardly Working", and the former MTV program "The CollegeHumor Show".
In July 2009 Van Veen was announced to be the CEO of the new production company, Notional, which would be producing material for the traditional media of television. One of Notional's most noteworthy TV shows is "Chopped" on the Food Network. Notional would not be funded by IAC/InterActiveCorp. Van Veen would be mentored by Barry Diller, who is the Chairman and Senior Executive of IAC/InterActiveCorp.
Van Veen is from Lutherville-Timonium, Maryland. He is the son of Helen and Richard Van Veen. Van Veen is currently engaged to actress Allison Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19541159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541159" title="Kunštát (disambiguation)">
Kunštát (disambiguation)

Kunštát may refer to the following places in Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="19541161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541161" title="Dealkalization of water">
Dealkalization of water

The dealkalization of water refers to the removal of alkalinity ions from water. Chloride cycle anion ion exchange dealkalizers remove alkalinity from water.
Chloride cycle dealkalizers operate similar to sodium cycle cation water softeners. Like water softeners, dealkalizers contain ion exchange resins that are regenerated with a concentrated salt (brine) solution - NaCl. In the case of a water softener, the cation exchange resin is exchanging sodium (the Na ion of NaCl) for hardness minerals such as calcium and magnesium.
A dealkalizer contains strong base anion exchange resin that exchanges chloride (the Cl ion of the NaCl) for carbonate, bicarbonate and sulfate. As water passes through the anion resin the carbonate, bicarbonate and sulfate ions are exchanged for chloride ions. 
"Higher capacities can be realized by use of type II rather than type I strong base anion resins. Although bicarbonates are not held as tightly as chlorides on the SBA (strong base anion) resins in the hydroxide form, when the resin is predominantly in the chloride form the pH has been raised by a small addition of caustic to the brine regenerant, there will be a favorable exchange of bicarbonate for the chloride. This exchange works well only with high alkalinity waters (40% to 80%), with capacities of 4 to 10 Kg/CF being obtained. The advantages of SBA resin dealkalization is that low-cost salt is used in place of the acid necessary for the SAC (strong acid cation)and un-lined steel tanks can be used."
Why dealkalize?
Dealkalizers are most often used as pre-treatment to a boiler and are usually preceded by a water softener. Alkalinity is a factor that most often dictates the amount of boiler blowdown. High alkalinity promotes boiler foaming and carryover and causes high amounts of boiler blowoff. When alkalinity is the limiting factor affecting the amount of blowdown, a dealkalizer will increase the cycles of concentrations and reduce blowdown and operating costs.
The reduction of blowdown by dealkalization keeps the water treatment chemicals in the boiler longer, thus minimizing the amount of chemicals required for efficient, noncorrosive operation.
Carbonate and bicarbonate alkalinities are decomposed by heat in boiler water releasing carbon dioxide into the steam. This gas combines with the condensed steam in process equipment and return lines to form carbonic acid. This depresses the pH value of the condensate returns and results in corrosive attack on the equipment and piping.
In general, a dealkalizer is best applied to boilers operating below 700 psi (48 bar). In order to justify installation of a dealkalizer on low-pressure boilers, the alkalinity content should be above 50 ppm with the amount of make-up water exceeding 1,000 gallons (approx. 4,000 litres) per day.
Cooling system make-up will also benefit from reduced alkalinity. The addition of a dealkalizer to a cooling water system will substantially reduce the amount of acid required to treat the same amount of water.
Alternate method.
Although seldom used, a hydrogen cycle cation softener will reduce the alkalinity associated with hardness.

</doc>
<doc id="19541192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541192" title="2008 Carolina RailHawks FC season">
2008 Carolina RailHawks FC season

The Carolina RailHawks played the second season in team history in 2008.
2008 squad.
Transfers:
2008 Staff.
Coach - Scott Schweitzer<BR>
Assistant Coach - Damon Nahas<BR>
Assistant Coach - Mark Girard<BR>
Goalkeeping Coach - David Noyes<BR>
Equipment Manager - Jeff Morsch<BR>
Trainer - Elise Caceres
2008 Schedule.
^ Televised nationally on Fox Soccer Channel
^^ Southern Derby fixtures
^^^ US Open Cup fixtures

</doc>
<doc id="19541196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541196" title="William A. Staples">
William A. Staples

William A. Staples is the fourth president of the University of Houston–Clear Lake. He earned a bachelor's degree from Drake University (BBA '70), a master's degree from the University of Iowa (MBA '72), and a doctorate in business administration from the University of Houston (PhD '77). Prior to becoming president, he served the UHCL's School of Business as coordinator, program director, associate dean, and dean.

</doc>
<doc id="19541220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541220" title="WRLM">
WRLM

WRLM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19541232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541232" title="Kim Jin-Ho">
Kim Jin-Ho

Kim Jin-Ho (born December 1, 1961) is a female South Korean archer and Olympic medalist. She competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where she won an individual bronze medal, and an additional two medals in the 1986 Asian Games. She currently teaches at the Korea National Sport University.

</doc>
<doc id="19541243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541243" title="Dave Pagan">
Dave Pagan

David Percy Pagan (born September 15, 1949) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball from 1973 until 1977, and was a member of the Seattle Mariners' 1977 inaugural season roster.
Pagan joined the New York Yankees organization in 1970. After three seasons in their farm system, he received his first call up to the majors in 1973, making the start in the second game of a July 1 double header with the Cleveland Indians. After escaping a jam in the first inning, Pagan was pulled in the second with the bases loaded and nobody out, and one run already in. He was far more effective in a second appearance made in relief on July 7 before returning to the minors. After compiling an 8–5 record and 2.03 earned run average between the West Haven Yankees and Syracuse Chiefs, he rejoined the Yankees that September.
Pagan split the next two seasons between the Yankees and Syracuse. He made the opening day roster for the first time in 1976 as a member of the Yankees' bullpen, but made just two starts with the club prior to a block buster trade in which he, Rick Dempsey, Tippy Martinez, Rudy May and Scott McGregor went to the Baltimore Orioles for Doyle Alexander, Jimmy Freeman, Elrod Hendricks, Ken Holtzman and Grant Jackson.
After going 1–4 with a 5.98 ERA the rest of the way for Baltimore, he was selected by the Seattle Mariners in the 1976 Major League Baseball expansion draft. He was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates for a player to be named later on July 27, and made one appearance with the club that September against the New York Mets. After two more seasons playing minor league ball in the Pirates organization, he retired.

</doc>
<doc id="19541250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541250" title="Amanda">
Amanda

Amanda or AMANDA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19541263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541263" title="Leslie Hindman Auctioneers">
Leslie Hindman Auctioneers

Leslie Hindman Auctioneers is an auction house based in Chicago, Illinois. Founded in 1982, sold to Sotheby's in 1997 and reopened in 2003, The company engages in auctions ranging from contemporary paintings and fine jewelry to French furniture and rare books and manuscripts.
Company history.
In 1982, Leslie Hindman founded her eponymous auction house in Chicago, Illinois, and within a few years it grew to be the largest auction house in the Midwest and the fifth largest in the country. The company conducted many significant and highly publicized auctions, including memorabilia from the historic Comiskey Park, the Chicago Stadium, the Schwinn Family Bicycle Collection, as well as the personal property from such renowned estates as Arthur Rubloff, Mrs. Robert R. McCormick, the Potter Palmer families, and Dole heiress Elizabeth F. Cheney.
In 1991, Hindman gained international recognition for the discovery of a previously unknown still life by Vincent van Gogh. The painting sold for $1.43 million. 
Since reopening, it has handled property from the estates of Leo S. Guthman, Mrs. Jacob Baur (Bertha Baur), Rose Movius Palmer, Melville N. Rothchild, Sally Fairweather, Helen C. Tunison, Frank J. and Mary Mackey Jr., and Dr. Reid I. Martin among others. Additionally, Leslie Hindman Auctioneers has handled property belonging to Leona Helmsley, the Kenan Heise collection of books and manuscripts, property from the Akron Art Museum, The Art Institute of Chicago, The Milwaukee Art Museum, the Scottish Rite Bodies: Valley of Chicago, the Kmart art collection, the Kemper Insurance Companies corporate art collection, sports memorabilia from the legendary Ernie Harwell, music and movie memorabilia from Eric “Mancow” Muller, and the John Drury collection of A.C. Gilbert Erector Sets and Mysto Magic Sets.
Leslie Hindman biography.
Leslie attended Pine Manor College, the University of Paris (also known as the Sorbonne), and Indiana University, and has received an honorary Doctorate in Business Administration from Lincoln College in Lincoln, Illinois. She is the recipient of many awards, including the YWCA Entrepreneur of the Year Award and the National Association of Women Business Owners Woman of Achievement Award. 
For eight years, she was host of two television shows on the Home & Garden Television Network (HGTV), At the Auction with Leslie Hindman and The Appraisal Fair, which were viewed in more than 80 million homes across the United States. She also wrote a weekly syndicated column for the Chicago Tribune called "What’s It Worth?" In February 2001, her critically acclaimed book, Adventures at the Auction, was published by Clarkson Potter, a division of Random House.
In December 2004, she served as Chairperson of the Great Chicago Fire Sale, the first-ever citywide eBay auction led by Commissioner Lois Weisberg and the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs. The auction grossed over $240,000 which was used to support free programs at the Chicago Cultural Center, Gallery 37, the city's cultural grants and the Clarke House Museum.
Hindman serves on the Boards of the Chicago Public Library Foundation, the Goodman Theatre, Children's Memorial Foundation, the Arts Club of Chicago, and the Woman's Board of the Joffrey Ballet.

</doc>
<doc id="19541269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541269" title="William Staples">
William Staples

William Staples may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19541275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541275" title="Ronny Rodelin">
Ronny Rodelin

Sylvio Ronny Rodelin (born 18 November 1989) is a French footballer, who currently plays for Lille OSC.
Career.
Early career.
Rodelin began his career with Rodez. He played a part in the 2007/2008 season, earning 23 games contributing with 1 goal for Rodez in the Championnat National. In July 2008 he signed a contract with Nantes. On 28 January 2010 Troyes signed him on loan from Nantes until the end of the season, before playing the 2010-11 Ligue 2 season with Nantes, scoring 5 goals in 15 appearances for the club.
Lille.
On 14 June 2011, he signed a four-year contract at Lille.

</doc>
<doc id="19541286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541286" title="Signal-to-noise ratio (imaging)">
Signal-to-noise ratio (imaging)

The signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) is used in imaging as a physical measure of the sensitivity of a (digital or film) imaging system. Industry standards measure SNR in decibels (dB) of power and therefore apply the 20 log rule to the "pure" SNR "ratio" (a ratio of 1:1 yields 0 decibels, for instance). In turn, yielding the "sensitivity." Industry standards measure and define sensitivity in terms of the ISO film speed equivalent; SNR:32.04 dB = excellent image quality and SNR:20 dB = acceptable image quality.
Definition of SNR.
Traditionally, SNR has been defined as the ratio of the average signal value formula_1 to the standard deviation formula_2 of the background:
However, when presented with a high-contrast scene, many imaging systems clamp the background to uniform black, forcing formula_2 to zero, artificially making the SNR infinite.
In this case a better definition of SNR is the ratio of the average signal value formula_1 to the standard deviation of the "signal" formula_6:
which gives a meaningful result in the presence of clamping.
Calculations.
Explanation.
The line data is gathered from the arbitrarily defined signal and background regions and input into an array (refer to image to the right). To calculate the average signal and background values, a second order polynomial is fitted to the array of line data and subtracted from the original array line data. This is done to remove any trends. Finding the mean of this data yields the average signal and background values. The net signal is calculated from the difference of the average signal and background values. The RMS or root mean square noise is defined from the signal region. Finally, SNR is determined as the ratio of the net signal to the RMS noise.
Polynomial and coefficients.
formula_8
formula_14
formula_15
Net signal, signal, and background.
The second-order polynomial is subtracted from the original data to remove any trends and then averaged. This yields the signal and background values:
where
Hence, the net signal value is determined by :
RMS noise and SNR.
The SNR is thus given by
Using the industry standard 20 log rule...

</doc>
<doc id="19541290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541290" title="Ignorantia juris non excusat">
Ignorantia juris non excusat

Ignorantia juris non excusat or ignorantia legis neminem excusat (Latin for "ignorance of the law does not excuse" or "ignorance of the law excuses no one") is a legal principle holding that a person who is unaware of a law may not escape liability for violating that law merely because he or she was unaware of its content. In the United States, exceptions to this general rule are found in cases such as "Lambert v. California" (knowledge of city ordinances) and "Cheek v. United States" (willfulness requirement in U.S. federal tax crimes).
European-law countries with a tradition of Roman law may also use an expression from Aristotle translated into Latin: nemo censetur ignorare legem (nobody is thought to be ignorant of the law) or ignorantia iuris nocet (not knowing the law is harmful).
Explanation.
The rationale of the doctrine is that if ignorance were an excuse, a person charged with criminal offenses or a subject of a civil lawsuit would merely claim that he or she is unaware of the law in question to avoid liability, even though the person really does know what the law in question is. Thus, the law imputes knowledge of all laws to all persons within the jurisdiction no matter how transiently. Even though it would be impossible, even for someone with substantial legal training, to be aware of every law in operation in every aspect of a state's activities, this is the price paid to ensure that willful blindness cannot become the basis of exculpation. Thus, it is well settled that persons engaged in any undertakings outside what is common for a normal person, such as running a nuclear power plant, will make themselves aware of the laws necessary to engage in that undertaking. If they do not, they cannot complain if they incur liability.
The doctrine assumes that the law in question has been properly published and distributed, for example, by being printed in a government gazette, made available over the internet, or printed in volumes available for sale to the public at affordable prices.
In the criminal law, although ignorance may not clear a defendant of guilt, it can be a consideration in sentencing, particularly where the law is unclear or the defendant sought advice from law enforcement or regulatory officials. For example, in one Canadian case, a person was charged with being in possession of gambling devices after they had been advised by customs officials that it was legal to import such devices into Canada. Although the defendant was convicted, the sentence was an absolute discharge.
In addition, there were, particularly in the days before satellite communication and cellular phones, persons who could genuinely be ignorant of the law due to distance or isolation. For example, in a case in British Columbia, a pair of hunters were acquitted of game offenses where the law was changed during the period they were in the wilderness hunting. In reaching this decision, the court refused to follow an early English law case in which a seaman on a clipper before the invention of radio was convicted even though the law had been changed while he was at sea (Bailey (1800) Russ & Ry 1).
An alternate explanation of the origin of the maxim, though not particularly relevant to the modern context, can be found with the philosophy of the Greeks and Romans. These were cultures heavily influenced by customary legal systems. Within such a system, law is learned as a person participates in the culture and customs of the community. Thus it is unreasonable to believe a person could have avoided learning them. These rules and customs were also interwoven with ethical and religious dialog so that laws expressed what is right and good and deviation that which is not. We find that Cicero wrote the following in "De re publica" (On the Republic): 
"There is a true law, right reason, agreeable to nature, known to all men, constant and eternal, which calls to duty by its precepts, deters from evil by its prohibition. This law cannot be departed from without guilt. Nor is there one law at Rome and another at Athens, one thing now and another afterward; but the same law, unchanging and eternal, binds all races of man and all times."
Plato wrote similarly in Minos: 
"What’s right is right and what’s wrong is wrong. And isn’t this believed by everyone ... even among the Persians, and always? ... What is fine, no doubt, is everywhere legislated as fine, and what is shameful as shameful; but not the shameful as fine or the fine as shameful."
An unintended consequence of believing in the legal maxim gives everyone lawyer status by proxy whether or not they have any knowledge of law, hence the parody, "Everything about law I learned from one legal maxim".
Translation.
Presumed knowledge of the law is the principle in jurisprudence that one is bound by a law even if one does not know of it. It has also been defined as the "prohibition of ignorance of the law".
The concept comes from Roman law, and is expressed in the brocard "ignorantia legis non excusat".
The essential public character of a law requires that the law must apply to anyone in the jurisdiction where the law applies. Thus, no one can justify his conduct on the grounds that he was not aware of the law.
Generally, a convention exists by which the laws are issued and rendered accessible by methods, authors and means that are simple and well known: the law is readable in certain places (some systems prescribe that a collection of the laws is copied in every local city council), is made by certain authorities (usually sovereign, government, parliament, and derivative bodies), and enters into effect in certain ways (many systems for instance prescribe a certain number of days - often 15 - after issue). This is commonly intended as a constitutional regulation, and in fact many constitutions or statutes exactly describe the correct procedures.
However, some recent interpretations weaken this concept. Particularly in civil law, regard can be had to the difficulty of being informed of the existence of a law considering the lifestyle of the average citizen. On the penal side, the quality of the knowledge of the law can affect the evaluation of the animus nocendi or the mens rea, in that certain subjective conditions can weaken personal responsibility.
The theme was widely discussed, also for political reasons, at the time of the Enlightenment and in the 18th century, given the heavy proportion of illiterate citizens in European countries (who would have some difficulties being aware of all the laws in a country). It was then argued that both the presumed knowledge and the heavily increasing corpus of national legislation were working in favour of lawyers rather than citizens.
In recent times, some authors have considered this concept as an extension of (or at least as analogous to) the other ancient concept (typical of criminal law) that no one can be punished under a law that was issued after the action was committed (non-retroactivity of the law. See ex post facto). This interpretation is however disputed, given that the matter would hierarchically more properly refer to a constitutional doctrine rather than to a civil or penal one.
Some modern criminal statutes contain language such as stipulating that the act must be done "knowingly and wittingly" or "with unlawful intent," or some similar language.
Into law.
This principle is also stated into law:

</doc>
<doc id="19541300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541300" title="Galium aparine">
Galium aparine

Cleavers ("Galium aparine") are herbaceous annual plants of the family Rubiaceae, which are native to North America and Eurasia.
Description.
Cleavers creep along the ground and over the tops of other plants, attaching themselves with the small hooked hairs which grow out of the stems and leaves. The stems can reach up to three feet or longer, and are angular or square shaped.
The leaves are simple, narrowly oblanceolate to linear, and borne in whorls of six to eight.
Cleavers have tiny, star-shaped, white to greenish flowers, which emerge from early spring to summer. The flowers are clustered in groups of two or three, and are borne out of the leaf axils.
The globular fruits grow clustered 1-3 seeds together; and are covered with hooked hairs (a burr) which cling to animal fur, aiding in seed dispersal.
Edibility.
"Galium aparine" is edible. The leaves and stems of the plant can be cooked as a leaf vegetable, if gathered before the fruits appear. However, the numerous small hooks which cover the plant and give it its clinging nature, can make it less palatable if eaten raw. Geese also thoroughly enjoy eating "G. aparine", hence one of its other common names, "goosegrass".
Cleavers are in the same family as coffee. The fruits of cleavers have often been dried and roasted, and then used as a coffee substitute (which contains a much lower amount of caffeine).
Chemistry.
Chemical constituents of "Galium aparine" include: iridoid glycosides such as asperulosidic acid and 10-deacetylasperulosidic acid, asperuloside, monotropein and aucubin, alkaloids such as caffeine, phenolics such as phenolic acids, anthraquinone derivatives such as the aldehyde nordamnacanthal (1,3-dihydroxy-anthraquinone-2-al), flavonoids and coumarins, organic acids such as citric acid and a red dye.
Medicinal uses.
As a tea, the plant acts medicinally as a diuretic, lymphatic, and detoxifier. As a lymphatic tonic, it is used in a wide range of problems involving the lymph system, such as swollen glands (e.g. tonsillitis).
Poultices and washes made from cleavers were traditionally used to treat a variety of skin ailments, light wounds and burns. As a pulp, it has been used to relieve poisonous bites and stings. To make a poultice, the entire plant is used, and applied directly to the affected area.
The asperuloside in cleavers acts as a mild sedative, and one study showed that cleaver extract lowers the blood pressure of dogs, without slowing their heart rate, or any other dangerous side effects. Ethnobotanist Dr. James A. Duke recommends a dosage of one ounce of dried leaves to a pint of water, 1 to 2 teaspoons of tincture, or 2 to 4 grams of the dried herb in a cup of boiling water, three times daily.
Gallium aparine grows in Punjab (Pakistan) wheat fields. It is known as an obstinate weed. Local people use this plant as a diuretic in liver diseases (e.g. dropsy)
Also use in veterinary treatments disease “green water” (Uremia) its fresh juice + yogurt.
In Our clinical trial we noted this herb as a reliable pancreatic rehabilitation agent; this is not a hypoglycemic agent but good pancreatic tonic. (Hakim Muhammad Anwar Khan Lodhi)
Other uses.
Dioscorides reported that ancient Greek shepherds would use the barbed stems of cleavers to make a "rough sieve", which could be used to strain milk. Linnaeus later reported the same usage in Sweden—a tradition that is still practiced in modern times.
In Europe, the dried, matted foliage of the plant was once used to stuff mattresses. Several of the bedstraws were used for this purpose, due to the fact that the clinging hairs cause the branches to stick together, which enables the mattress filling to maintain a uniform thickness.
The roots of cleavers can be used to make a permanent red dye.
Gallium aparine grows in Punjab (Pakistan) wheat fields. I t is known as an obstinate weed. Local people use this plant as a diuretic in liver diseases (e.g. dropsy)
Also use in veterinary treatments disease “green water” (Uremia) its fresh juice + yogurt.
In Our clinical trial we noted this herb as a reliable pancreatic rehabilitator; this not a hypoglycemic agent but good pancreatic tonic. (Hakim Muhammad Anwar Khan Lodhi)
Ecology.
The anthraquinone aldehyde nordamnacanthal (1,3-dihydroxy-anthraquinone-2-al) present in "G. aparine" has an antifeedant activity against "Spodoptera litura", the Oriental leafworm moth, a species which is considered an agricultural pest. The Acari "Cecidophyes rouhollahi" can be found on "G. aparine".

</doc>
<doc id="19541333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541333" title="Millican &amp; Nesbitt">
Millican &amp; Nesbitt

Millican & Nesbitt are a British vocal duo, comprising Alan Millican and Tom Nesbitt. They were former miners from Northumberland, England, who won the UK television talent contest, "Opportunity Knocks", in 1973. They went on to release two charting singles and three albums. Millican & Nesbitt appeared on the final version of "Opportunity Knocks" hosted by Hughie Green in 1978.
They reached the Top 20 of the UK Singles Chart for one week, with their cover of "Vaya Con Dios (May God Be With You)", in the first week of 1974. Les Paul and Mary Ford had taken their version to #7 in the same chart in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19541336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541336" title="Knut (polar bear)">
Knut (polar bear)

Knut (; 5 December 2006 – 19 March 2011) was a polar bear who was born in captivity at the Berlin Zoological Garden. Rejected by his mother at birth, he was raised by zookeepers. He was the first polar bear cub to survive past infancy at the Berlin Zoo in more than 30 years. At one time the subject of international controversy, he became a tourist attraction and commercial success. After the German tabloid newspaper "Bild" ran a quote from an animal rights activist that decried keeping the cub in captivity, fans worldwide rallied in support of his being hand-raised by humans. Children protested outside the zoo, and e-mails and letters expressing sympathy for the cub's life were sent from around the world.
Knut became the center of a mass media phenomenon dubbed "Knutmania" that spanned the globe and spawned toys, media specials, DVDs, and books. Because of this, the cub was largely responsible for a significant increase in revenue, estimated at about five million euros, at the Berlin Zoo in 2007. Attendance figures for the year increased by an estimated 30 percent, making it the most profitable year in its 163-year history.
On 19 March 2011, Knut unexpectedly died at the age of four. His death was caused by drowning after he collapsed into his enclosure's pool while suffering from encephalitis.
Infancy.
Knut was born at the Berlin Zoo to 20-year-old Tosca, a former circus performer from East Germany who was born in Canada, and her 13-year-old mate Lars, who was originally from the Tierpark Hellabrunn in Munich. After an uncomplicated gestation, Knut and his unnamed brother were born on 5 December 2006. Tosca rejected her cubs for unknown reasons, abandoning them on a rock in the polar bear enclosure. Zookeepers rescued the cubs by scooping them out of the enclosure with an extended fishing net, but Knut's brother died of an infection four days later. Knut was the first polar bear to have been born and survive in the Berlin Zoo in over 30 years. Only the size of a guinea pig, he spent the first 44 days of his life in an incubator before zookeeper Thomas Dörflein began raising the cub.
Knut's need for round-the-clock care required that Dörflein not only sleep on a mattress next to Knut's sleeping crate at night, but also play with, bathe, and feed the cub daily. Knut's diet began with a bottle of baby formula mixed with cod liver oil every two hours, before graduating at the age of four months to a milk porridge mixed with cat food and vitamins. Dörflein also accompanied Knut on his twice-daily one-hour shows for the public and therefore appeared in many videos and photographs alongside the cub. As a result, Dörflein became a minor celebrity in Germany and was awarded Berlin's Medal of Merit in honour of his continuous care for the cub. Dörflein died of a heart attack on 22 September 2008. He was 44 years old.
Controversy and media coverage.
In early March 2007, German tabloid "Bild-Zeitung" carried a quote by animal rights activist Frank Albrecht who said that Knut should have been killed rather than be raised by humans. He declared that the zoo was violating animal protection legislation by keeping him alive. Wolfram Graf-Rudolf, the director of the Aachen Zoo, agreed with Albrecht and stated that the zookeepers "should have had the courage to let the bear die" after it was rejected, arguing that the bear will "die a little" every time it is separated from its caretaker. A group of children protested at the zoo, holding up placards reading "Knut Must Live" and "We Love Knut", and others sent numerous emails and letters asking for the cub's life to be spared. Threatening letters were also sent to Albrecht. The Berlin Zoo rallied in support of the baby polar bear, vowing not to harm him and rejecting the suggestion that it would be kinder to euthanise him.
Albrecht stated his original aim was to draw attention to the law, not to have Knut put down. In December 2006 he had taken legal action against Leipzig Zoo to prevent them from killing a sloth bear cub rejected by its mother. His case was dismissed on the grounds that humans raising the animal would have been against the law of nature. In response to the criticism against him, Albrecht said that he was merely drawing parallels between the two cubs. The publicity from this coverage raised Knut's profile from national to international.
Debut and first year.
On 23 March 2007, Knut was presented to the public for the first time. Around 400 journalists visited the Berlin Zoo on what was dubbed "Knut Day" to report on the cub's first public appearance to a worldwide audience. Because Knut became the focus of worldwide media at a very young age, many stories and false alarms regarding the cub's health and well-being were circulated during his first year. For example, on 16 April 2007, Knut was removed from display due to teething pains resulting from the growth of his right upper canine tooth, but initial reports vaguely stated that he was suffering from an unknown illness and subsequently put on antibiotics. Much ado was also made about a death threat that was sent shortly before 15:00 local time on Wednesday 18 April 2007. The zoo had received an anonymous letter by fax which said "Knut ist tot! Donnerstag Mittag." ("Knut is dead! Thursday noon.") In response, the police increased their security measures around the bear. The time frame for the threat passed without incident or harm to Knut.
Despite "Der Spiegel" reporting on 30 April 2007 that Knut was "steadily getting less cute" as he increased in age, Knut continued to bring in record crowds to the zoo that summer. After reaching seven months old and 50 kg (110 lb) in July 2007, Knut's scheduled twice daily public appearances were canceled due to the zoo's concern for the safety of his keeper. Zoo spokeswoman Regine Damm also said it was time for the bear to "associate with other bears and not with other people." After living in the same enclosure as Ernst, a Malaysian black bear cub who was born a month before Knut, and its mother, Knut was then moved to his own private living space. While visitor numbers dwindled from extreme highs in March and April, Knut remained a major attraction at the zoo for the rest of 2007. 400,000 guests were recorded in August 2007, which was an all time high.
News of Knut and his life at the zoo was still being reported internationally in late 2007. Knut's restricted diet, necessary to curtail his natural weight gain necessary to survive harsh winters, made headlines outside of Germany. His daily meals were reduced in number from four to three, and treats, such as croissants, which were favored by the young polar bear, were restricted. After hurting his foot while slipping on a wet rock in his enclosure a month later in September, there was an outpouring of concern and support from fans worldwide.
In November 2007 and weighing over 90 kg (198 lb), Knut was deemed too dangerous for close handling and his interaction with human handlers was further diminished. The celebration of the cub's first birthday, which was attended by hundreds of children, was broadcast live on German television. The national mint also issued 25,000 special commemorative silver coins to mark his birthday. Knut's role at the Berlin Zoo was to have included his becoming an "attractive stud" for other zoos in order to help preserve his species. When Flocke was born at the Nuremberg Zoo in December 2007 under similar circumstances, "Bild" dubbed her Mrs. Knut, suggesting that the two German-born polar bears might become mates when they matured.
2008–2010.
A year after his public debut, Knut was reported as weighing more than 130 kg (286 lb). A plate of six-inch glass, strong enough to resist a mortar blast, was erected between him and zoo visitors. At the end of March 2008, Markus Röbke, one of the keepers who helped rear Knut, reported that the bear should leave the zoo as soon as possible in order to help him acclimate to a life alone. Röbke also said that Knut plainly misses his past father-figure, Thomas Dörflein, and has become so used to attention that he cries when no one is near his enclosure. "Knut needs an audience," Röbke stated. "That has to change". In April, animal welfare campaigners criticized the zoo for allowing Knut to kill and eat ten carp from the moat surrounding his enclosure, saying that it was a breach of German animal protection regulations. The zoo's bear expert, Heiner Klös, however, said that Knut's behavior was "all part of being a polar bear."
In July 2008, it was announced that the Neumünster Zoo in northern Germany, which owns Knut's father, was suing the Berlin Zoo for the profits from Knut's success. Although the Berlin Zoo conceded Neumünster's ownership of Knut due to a previous agreement, it contended that the other zoo has no right to its proceeds. Neumünster had previously tried to negotiate with Berlin Zoo, but later sought a court ruling in their favor. Peter Drüwa, the zoo director at Neumünster, stated that they "do not want to remove Knut from his environment, but we have a right to our request for money." Shortly before Knut's second birthday, reports began circulating that the bear would have to be relocated to another zoo because he was becoming too large for his enclosure. The zoo later released statements that they wish to keep Knut, and the mayor of Berlin, Klaus Wowereit, also declared he wanted the still-adolescent cub to stay in the capital.
Disputes between the two zoos continued into 2009. On 19 May, the Berlin Zoo offered to buy Knut from Neumünster and therefore negate their financial claim on the two-year-old polar bear. Although Neumünster Zoo set a price of €700,000, the Berlin Zoo stated that they would not pay "a cent more" than €350,000 ($488,145). On 8 July, the Berlin Zoo agreed to pay €430,000 ($599,721) to keep Knut in Berlin.
Giovanna, a female polar bear roughly the same age as Knut, was relocated to Berlin from Munich's Hellabrunn Animal Garden in September 2009. She was presented to the public on 23 September, and was due to briefly share Knut's enclosure while her regular home in Munich underwent repairs. Her arrival sparked international interest, as many sources mused that the two bears (although sexually immature) would soon be "dating". However, in March 2010, the German chapter of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals called for Knut to be castrated in order to avoid inbreeding; he and Giovanna share a grandfather and, according to PETA spokesman Frank Albrecht, the same animal rights activist who spoke out about Knut's handraising three years earlier, their offspring would threaten the genetic diversity of the German polar bear population. The Berlin Zoo declined to comment on the matter, only noting that Giovanna's stay in Berlin was still temporary. In August 2010, Giovanna was moved back to Munich after repairs on her enclosure were completed.
Until his death, Knut shared an enclosure with three female polar bears: Nancy, Katjuscha and his mother Tosca. The older bears were reportedly aggressive towards the young male bear, causing news reports in late 2010 to question whether Knut was being bullied. One of the zookeepers disagreed, stating publicly that "For the time being, Knut is not yet an adult male and doesn't yet know how to get respect like his father did. But day by day, he is imposing himself and with time, this type of problem will go away."
Death.
On 19 March 2011, at the age of four, Knut collapsed and died in his enclosure. Witnesses reported that after the bear's rear left leg began shaking, he became agitated before convulsing several times and falling backwards into the pool. Approximately 600 to 700 zoo visitors witnessed Knut's death. A statement made on 22 March in relation to the necropsy reported there were "significant changes in the brain, which may be regarded as a reason for the sudden death". Animal welfare organizations in Germany initially accused the Berlin Zoo of negligence, claiming that Knut died of stress caused by being forced to share his enclosure with three female polar bears. The Zoo denied such claims. Bear curator Heiner Klös stated they "did everything to look after Knut—it's normal for polar bears to live with other polar bears in a zoo, and the idea was that Knut should learn social behavior and other skills from the older females ... He played with the other bears, he was relaxed and strong". Knut was on display at the Berlin Museum until 15 March 2013.
On 1 April, pathology experts announced that Knut's immediate cause of death was from drowning. The bear's apparent seizure was due to his suffering from encephalitis, a swelling of the brain likely triggered by an infection. It is unknown what infection caused the swelling, but pathologists believe it was a virus. Although Knut showed no symptoms of being ill, pathologists believe that "this suspected infection must already have been there for a long time ... at least several weeks, possibly months". It was also announced that had Knut not drowned after collapsing, he would not have survived the encephalitis.
Knut's sudden death caused an international outpouring of grief. Hundreds of fans visited the zoo after the bear's death, leaving flowers and mementos near the enclosure. The mayor of Berlin, Klaus Wowereit, stated "We all held him so dearly. He was the star of the Berlin zoos".
Memorialisation.
The Zoo made plans to erect a monument in Knut's honour, financed by donations from fans. Thomas Ziolko, the chairman of the Friends of the Berlin Zoo, was quoted as saying "Knut will live on in the hearts of many visitors, but it's important to create a memorial for coming generations to preserve the memory of this unique animal personality." On 24 October 2012, the Berlin Zoo unveiled a bronze sculpture by Ukrainian artist Josef Tabachnyk. "Knut – The Dreamer" shows the bear "stretching out dreamily on a rock".
Knut's remains were exhibited in Berlin's Museum of Natural History, although this decision has caused some controversy with fans. A full-sized sculpture covered in Knut's pelt was presented to the public on 16 February 2013. It went on display in the entrance hall of the museum where it was viewed free of charge until 5 May. It will later be used for an exhibition on climate change and environment protection. Museum spokeswoman Gesine Steiner stated that "It's important to make clear we haven't had Knut stuffed. It is an artistically valuable sculpture with the original fur."
From 13 June till 1 September 2013, Knut went on display in the Naturalis Biodiversity Center, the Dutch national museum of natural history in Leiden, Netherlands.
Effects of popularity.
Commercial success.
The Berlin Zoo registered "Knut" as a trademark in late March 2007. As a result, its shares more than doubled at the Berlin Stock Exchange; previously worth around €2,000, the value closed at €4,820 just a week later. The zoo reported that its attendance figures for 2007 increased by an estimated 30 percent, making it the most profitable it had been in its 163-year history. Knut earned the Berlin Zoo nearly €5 million that year, mainly thanks to an increase in visitors as well as the amount of merchandise sold.
Various companies profited from the attention surrounding Knut by developing themed products such as ringtones and cuddly toys. Plush toy company Steiff produced several Knut-based plush toys in three sizes and models: sitting, standing, and lying down. The first 2,400 produced toys, which sold exclusively at the Berlin Zoo, sold out in only four days. The money raised from the Steiff deal was intended to be used to renovate the polar bear enclosure at the zoo. Candy company Haribo released a raspberry-flavored gummy bear sweet called Cuddly Knut beginning in April 2007. They pledged to donate ten cents to the zoo for every tub of Knut sweets it sold. The gummy bears sold so well that the Bonn-based company had to expand production to a second factory to deal with demand.
Knut was the subject of several popular songs in Germany, the most successful of which were the singles "Knut is Cute" and ""Knut, der kleine Eisbär"" () by nine-year-old Kitty from Köpenick. In Britain, musical comedian Mitch Benn has performed four songs about Knut for BBC Radio 4 satirical series "The Now Show": "The Baby Bear Must DIE!", "Knut Isn't Cute Anymore", "Goodbye Knut" and "Panda in Berlin". A blog with updates about the polar bear was maintained by a journalist at the regional public broadcaster Rundfunk Berlin-Brandenburg; it was available in German, English, and Spanish. RBB was also responsible for a weekly television program dedicated to the polar bear cub that was broadcast in Germany. Knut has also been the subject of several DVDs, including one entitled "Knut – Stories from a Polar Bear's Nursery". On 29 March 2007 he appeared on the cover of the German "Vanity Fair" magazine, which included a several page spread about the cub's life.
On 1 May 2007, it was announced that New York-based Turtle Pond Publications and the Berlin Zoo had signed a deal for the worldwide publishing rights to Knut with the hopes of raising awareness of global warming issues. Written by Craig Hatkoff and his daughters Juliana and Isabella, the 44-page book entitled "Knut, der kleine Eisbärenjunge" ("Little Polar Bear Knut") includes Knut's life story as well as previously unpublished photographs. Although several books about Knut had already been published in Germany, this book was the first to be authorized by the Berlin Zoo.
The book was published in Germany by Ravensburger on 26 July 2007 and US publishing company Scholastic released the English version, entitled "Knut: How one little polar bear captivated the world", in the United States in November of the same year. Rights to the book have also been sold to publishers in Japan, England, Mexico, China, and Italy.
On 31 December 2007, the zoo's director confirmed the zoo had received a proposal for a film deal from Hollywood film producer Ash R. Shah, whose films include "Supernova" and "Shark Bait", to make an animated film about the bear's life. Shah reportedly approached the Berlin Zoo with a purported €3.5 million film deal. Knut made his big screen debut in the German film "Knut und seine Freunde" ("Knut and His Friends"), which premiered in Berlin on 2 March 2008. Directed by Michael Johnson, the film depicts how Knut was rescued after his mother abandoned him and also features a polar bear family from the Arctic and two brown bear cubs from Belarus.
Environmental causes.
Dr. Gerald Uhlich, of the Berlin zoo's board of trustees, stated that because of his vast popularity, Knut had become a means of communication and that he had the ability to "draw attention to the environment in a nice way. Not in a threatening, scolding way." As a result, the German Environment Minister Sigmar Gabriel officially adopted Knut as the mascot for a conference on endangered species to be held in Bonn in 2008. The minister met with Knut soon after his zoo debut, commenting that although Knut was in safe hands, "worldwide polar bears are in danger and if Knut can help the cause, then that is a good thing."
Photographer Annie Leibovitz took pictures of Knut that were used for an environmental campaign, including "Vanity Fair" magazine's May 2007 Green Issue in which he was superimposed into a photograph with American actor Leonardo DiCaprio. The polar bear has also been depicted on the logo for the German Environment Minister's campaign to help stop global warming and a 2008 special issue stamp. Officially released on 9 April, the stamp shows the roughly one-year-old Knut with the slogan "Natur weltweit bewahren" ("Preserve nature worldwide").

</doc>
<doc id="19541340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541340" title="Ring Hill, Maine">
Ring Hill, Maine

Ring Hill is a village in the town of Litchfield, Maine, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19541356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541356" title="Chamber lock">
Chamber lock

A chamber lock is a method of securing a firearm against accidental discharge. 
Chamber locks are used to prevent live ammunition from loading into a firearm by blocking the chamber with a dummy (fake) cartridge. The cartridge is sometimes wedged into place with the use of a tool, in essence jamming the gun. Another type is one in which a steel rod is locked into the safety cartridge with a key. As long as the rod and safety cartridge are engaged, the dummy round cannot eject nor can live ammunition be loaded into the firearm. 
Chamber locks work with most firearm types including revolvers, pistols, rifles and shotguns. They are available in any caliber and length, and may include such features as unique keying, rapid removal, and rigorous testing and certification by major state departments such as the California Department of Justice. 
Major manufacturers include:

</doc>
<doc id="19541358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541358" title="Deletionpedia">
Deletionpedia

Deletionpedia is an online archive wiki containing articles deleted from the English Wikipedia between February and September 2008. Its version of each article includes a header with more information about the deletion such as whether a occurred, where the deletion discussion about the article can be found and which editor deleted the article.
Overview.
The site is based on MediaWiki and is no longer collecting deleted articles or being updated. Deletionpedia collected 63,424 articles, limited to those deleted from Wikipedia between February and September 2008. The site functioned as something of a "wikimorgue"; it had been automatically collecting articles deleted from Wikipedia.
In addition to categories preserved from Wikipedia, Deletionpedia has its own categories for articles, based upon the deletion criteria. Pages are organized by the month in which they were deleted, by the number of editors that had worked on a page and by the length of time the article had existed on Wikipedia - nearly 2000 pages were over 1000 days old before they were deleted.
Deletionpedia states that it avoids hosting deleted pages that are copyright violations, pages with serious libel problems, pages whose full is still available on Wikipedia's sister sites, and pages which set out to offend others.
Articles preserved by Deletionpedia have been deleted from Wikipedia for a variety of reasons, from "being not notable," to (alleged) "manipulation by political and business interests." Since the site is read-only, it seeks no donations, suggesting instead that supporters donate to mySociety or to the Wikimedia Foundation.
The site does not appear to be currently updating; a message appearing since April 5, 2008 states:
Reception.
"The Wall Street Journal" cited it as a response to the culture clash that exists on Wikipedia between deletionists and inclusionists. "The Industry Standard" calls it “a fine research project for sociology students to study what groupthink does when applied to a community-built compendium of knowledge”. Shortly thereafter, the "Industry Standard" again turned its attention to Deletionpedia, reporting that deletion of the article in Wikipedia about Deletionpedia was itself under discussion, suggesting that the article was not being considered for deletion based on “insignificance of the site” but rather “due to perceived criticism of Wikipedia itself”. Deletionpedia also made news at "De Telegraaf", the website for the largest daily morning Dutch language newspaper, and "The Inquirer", a British technology tabloid website.
The site has been more fully explored by Ars Technica in an article that not only describes aspects of the website but mentions the controversy over deleting the Wikipedia article on Deletionpedia.
Other wikis.
There are similar projects for other Wikipedia languages, for example:

</doc>
<doc id="19541369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541369" title="The Damage Done (EP)">
The Damage Done (EP)

The Damage Done is an EP released by Gumball in 1993.
Track listing.
[http://www.answers.com/topic/the-damage-done-ep]
Music Video listing.
Article text.
Article text.

</doc>
<doc id="19541404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541404" title="Amateur pornography">
Amateur pornography

Amateur pornography is a category of pornography that features models, actors or non-professionals performing without pay, or actors for whom this material is their only paid modeling work. Reality pornography is professionally made porn which seeks to emulate the style of amateur pornography. Amateur porn has been called one of the most profitable and long-lasting genres of pornography.
History.
Photographs.
The invention of Polaroid cameras in the 1960s allowed true amateurs to produce pornographic photography immediately and without the need for sending them out for processing, which may have made them subject to local obscenity laws. However the biggest spurt to amateur pornographic photography came with the advent of the internet, digital cameras, and more recently camera phones. These have enabled people to take private photos and which have also allowed images to be shared instantly, without the need for expensive distribution, and this has resulted in an ever growing variety and quantity of material. It has also been argued that in the Internet age it has become more socially acceptable to make and view amateur porn. Photo sharing sites such as Flickr and social networking sites such as MySpace have been used to share amateur pornographic photographs - usually nudes but also hardcore photos. A more private and easy to control method of sharing photos is through Yahoo Groups or Google Groups which have access restricted to group members.
Recently it has come to attention the potential danger to teenagers or children, who may be unaware of the consequences, using their Camera phones to make videos and images which are then shared amongst their friends ("see" Sexting). Images initially meant to be shared between couples can now be spread around the world. The result is now a small but growing amount of online amateur porn depicting underage models, created by the young people themselves.
Home movies and videos.
Before the advent of camcorders and VHS tapes couples had to film themselves using Super 8 film which then had to be sent for film processing. This was both expensive and risky as the processing laboratory might report the film to the police. 
Amateur pornography began to rapidly increase in the 1980s, with the camcorder revolution, when people began recording their sex lives and watching the results on VCRs. These home movies were initially shared for free, often under the counter at the local video store. Homegrown Video was the first company to release and distribute these types of amateur adult videos commercially. They were established in 1982, and AVN magazine ranked Homegrown Video #1 among the 50 most influential adult titles ever made because it resulted in the creation of the amateur pornography genre in adult video. Several people who sent their tapes to Homegrown Video became professional porn stars, including Stephanie Swift, Melissa Hill, Rayveness, and Meggan Mallone In 1991, in response to a "Boston Glob"e investigation, video store proprietors reported that between 20 and 60% of video rentals and sales were of adult amateur home video films.
One infamous case was that of Kathy Willets and her husband Jeffrey. Jeffrey was a deputy sheriff in Broward County, Florida who had recorded his "nymphomaniac" wife's sexual exploits with up to eight men a day. Unfortunately, he was charging up to $150 an hour and had also taped some significant local figures and so the two were arrested and charged with prostitution. Ellis Rubin acted as defence council and their defence was that her nymphomania was caused by the use of Prozac. In the end, they pleaded guilty and both were convicted, although Kathy has gone on to a career in the adult film industry.
The term 'realcore' has been used to describe digital amateur porn, which arose due to the combination of cheap digital cameras and the World Wide Web in the late 90s. The term refers both to how porn is made, with simple cameras and a documentary style, and how it is distributed, mostly for free, in web communities or Usenet newsgroups. The term was invented by Sergio Messina, who first used it at the Ars Electronica Symposium in 2000, and was subsequently adopted by a number of authors and experts. Messina has written a book on the subject, entitled "Realcore, the digital porno revolution".
Amateur porn has also influenced the rise of the celebrity sex tape, featuring stars like Pamela Anderson, Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian.
In recent years, the increase of free amateur porn "tube sites" has allowed home made films to be uploaded across multiple tube sites on the internet.
Literature - sex stories.
The internet has also had an impact on amateur authors sharing their pornographic stories. Text is much easier to disseminate than images and so from the early 1990s amateurs were contributing stories to usenet groups such as alt.sex.stories and also to online repositories. While most commercial sites charge for image content, story content is usually free to view and is funded by pop-up or banner advertising. Story submission and rating depends on registration as a user, but this is also usually free. Example sites include Literotica, True Dirty Stories and Lust Library.
As evidence for defense.
On at least one occasion, those accused of rape have been able to defend themselves by providing an amateur sex video showing the alleged victim consenting to the sexual act.
User generated online content.
Like traditional magazine and VHS/DVD-based pornography, Internet pornography has long been a profitable venture. However, with the rise of Web 2.0 ventures and amateur pornography, websites based upon the YouTube platform of user-generated content and video sharing have become highly popular. By January 2008 a search for "porn" and "tube" returned 8.3 million results on Yahoo and 8.5 million on MSN. (By October 2012 searches for "porn" and "tube" returned 1420 million results on Google, and 293 million results on Google images.) Video hosting service "tube" websites feature free user-uploaded amateur pornography, and have become the most visited pornography websites on the internet. 
Since the content of these websites is entirely free and of reasonably high quality, and because most of the videos are full-length instead of short clips, these websites have sharply cut in to the profits of pornographic paysites and traditional magazine and DVD-based pornography. The profits of tube-site owners are also squeezed in an increasingly crowded market, with the number of sites constantly growing.

</doc>
<doc id="19541419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541419" title="1993 Winchester 400">
1993 Winchester 400

The twenty-fourth annual Featherlite Trailers Winchester 400 motor race (run yearly since 1970) was held under All-Pro Series sanction on October 3, 1993, at the Winchester Speedway, Indiana (USA).
Mike Cope became the second different winner of the Winchester 400 in as many years under the All-Pro Series sanction, by claiming the 24th running of the annual event. Starting from the 14th position, the win was Cope's fifth of the season in the series and the first of his career at one of the most treacherous tracks in Motorsports.
The race.
Hal Goodson won the pole for the event and would lead the field for the first 87 circuits. While Goodson was sailing along up front, Cope was working steadily forward from his seventh-row starting position to run third by lap 74. Cope completed his run through the field when he passed Goodson for the lead on lap 88. Once in front, Cope would control the field until lap 182, when Gary Bradberry utilized fresh tires from a caution pit stop to charge by and into the lead. Shortly after losing the lead on lap 203, Bradberry began to slow and eventually retired with engine problems on lap 233.
Over the second half of the race, Jody Ridley, Goodson, and Cope all spent time at the front of the field. During the final round of pit stops, Cope was penalized by Series officials and placed at the tail of the running order. Working his way through lapped traffic, Cope finally caught and passed Ridley for the lead on lap 369. Once in front, Cope was never headed and held off the Georgia veteran by one-half car length to post the victory and claim and event-record $13,000 winner’s purse. Scot Walters came home third, three laps behind the lead duo with Billy Bigley, Jr. eleven laps behind in fourth followed by Royce Mason.

</doc>
<doc id="19541428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541428" title="Barley">
Barley

Barley ("Hordeum vulgare" L.), a member of the grass family, is a major cereal grain. It was one of the first cultivated grains and is now grown widely. Barley grain is a staple in Tibetan cuisine and was eaten widely by peasants in Medieval Europe. Barley has also been used as animal fodder, as a source of fermentable material for beer and certain distilled beverages, and as a component of various health foods. It is used in soups and stews, and in barley bread of various cultures. Barley grains are commonly made into malt in a traditional and ancient method of preparation.
In a 2007 ranking of cereal crops in the world, barley was fourth both in terms of quantity produced (136 million tons) and in area of cultivation (566,000 km²).
Etymology.
The Old English word for 'barley' was "bære", which traces back to Proto-Indo-European and is cognate to the Latin word "farina" "flour". The direct ancestor of modern English "barley" in Old English was the derived adjective "bærlic," meaning "of barley". The first citation of the form "bærlic" in the "Oxford English Dictionary" dates to around 966 AD, in the compound word "bærlic-croft". 
The underived word "bære" survives in the north of Scotland as "bere", and refers to a specific strain of six-row barley grown there. The word barn, which originally meant "barley-house", is also rooted in these words.
Biology.
Barley is a member of the grass family. It is a self-pollinating, diploid species with 14 chromosomes. The wild ancestor of domesticated barley, "Hordeum vulgare" subsp. "spontaneum", is abundant in grasslands and woodlands throughout the Fertile Crescent area of Western Asia and northeast Africa, and is abundant in disturbed habitats, roadsides and orchards. Outside this region, the wild barley is less common and is usually found in disturbed habitats. However, in a study of genome-wide diversity markers, Tibet was found to be an additional center of domestication of cultivated barley.
Domestication.
Wild barley has a brittle spike; upon maturity, the spikelets separate, facilitating seed dispersal. Domesticated barley has nonshattering spikes, making it much easier to harvest the mature ears. The nonshattering condition is caused by a mutation in one of two tightly linked genes known as Bt1 and Bt2; many cultivars possess both mutations. The nonshattering condition is recessive, so varieties of barley that exhibit this condition are homozygous for the mutant allele.
Two-row and six-row barley.
Spikelets are arranged in triplets which alternate along the rachis. In wild barley (and other Old World species of "Hordeum"), only the central spikelet is fertile, while the other two are reduced. This condition is retained in certain cultivars known as two-row barleys. A pair of mutations (one dominant, the other recessive) result in fertile lateral spikelets to produce six-row barleys. Recent genetic studies have revealed a mutation in one gene, "vrs1", is responsible for the transition from two-row to six-row barley.
Two-row barley has a lower protein content than six-row barley, thus more fermentable sugar content. High protein barley is best suited for animal feed. Malting barley is usually lower protein
('low grain nitrogen', usually produced without a late fertilizer application) which shows more uniform germination, needs shorter steeping, and has less protein in the extract that can make beer cloudy. Two-row barley is traditionally used in English ale-style beers. Six-row barley is common in some American lager style beers, especially when adjuncts such as corn and rice are used, whereas two-row malted summer barley is preferred for traditional German beers.
Hulless barley.
Hulless or "naked" barley ("Hordeum vulgare "L. var." nudum" Hook. f.) is a form of domesticated barley with an easier-to-remove hull. Naked barley is an ancient food crop, but a new industry has developed around uses of selected hulless barley to increase the digestible energy of the grain, especially for swine and poultry. Hulless barley has been investigated for several potential new applications as whole grain, and for its value-added products. These include bran and flour for multiple food applications.
Classification.
In traditional classifications of barley, these morphological differences have led to different forms of barley being classified as different species. Under these classifications, two-rowed barley with shattering spikes (wild barley) is classified as "Hordeum spontaneum" K. Koch. Two-rowed barley with nonshattering spikes is classified as "H. distichum" L., six-row barley with nonshattering spikes as "H. vulgare" L. (or "H. hexastichum" L.), and six-row with shattering spikes as "H. agriocrithon" Åberg.
Because these differences were driven by single-gene mutations, coupled with cytological and molecular evidence, most recent classifications treat these forms as a single species, "H. vulgare" L.
Cultivars.
Vocabulary :
History.
Barley was one of the first domesticated grains in the Fertile Crescent, an area of relatively abundant water in Western Asia, and near the Nile river of northeast Africa. The grain appeared in the same time as einkorn and emmer wheat. Wild barley ("H. vulgare" ssp. "spontaneum") ranges from North Africa and Crete in the west, to Tibet in the east. The earliest evidence of wild barley in an archaeological context comes from the Epipaleolithic at Ohalo II at the southern end of the Sea of Galilee. The remains were dated to about 8500 BC. The earliest domesticated barley occurs at Aceramic Neolithic sites, in the Near East such as the Pre-Pottery Neolithic B layers of Tell Abu Hureyra, in Syria. By 4200 BC domesticated barley occurs as far as in Eastern Finland. Barley has been grown in the Korean Peninsula since the Early Mumun Pottery Period ("circa" 1500–850 BC) along with other crops such as millet, wheat, and legumes.
In the Pulitzer Prize-winning book "Guns, Germs, and Steel", Jared Diamond argues that the availability of barley, along with other domesticable crops and animals, in southwestern Eurasia significantly contributed to the broad historical patterns that human history has followed over approximately the last 13,000 years; "i.e.", why Eurasian civilizations, as a whole, have survived and conquered others.
Barley beer was probably one of the first alcoholic drinks developed by Neolithic humans. Barley later on was used as currency.
Alongside emmer wheat, barley was a staple cereal of ancient Egypt, where it was used to make bread and beer. The general name for barley is "jt" (hypothetically pronounced "eat"); "šma" (hypothetically pronounced "SHE-ma") refers to Upper Egyptian barley and is a symbol of Upper Egypt. The Sumerian term is "akiti".
According to Deuteronomy , barley is one of the "Seven Species" of crops that characterize the fertility of the Promised Land of Canaan, and it has a prominent role in the Israelite sacrifices described in the Pentateuch (see e.g. Numbers ). A religious importance extended into the Middle Ages in Europe, and saw barley's use in justice, via alphitomancy and the corsned.
In ancient Greece, the ritual significance of barley possibly dates back to the earliest stages of the Eleusinian Mysteries. The preparatory "kykeon" or mixed drink of the initiates, prepared from barley and herbs, referred in the Homeric hymn to Demeter, whose name some scholars believe meant "Barley-mother". The practice was to dry the barley groats and roast them before preparing the porridge, according to Pliny the Elder's "Natural History" (xviii.72). This produces malt that soon ferments and becomes slightly alcoholic.
Pliny also noted barley was a special food of gladiators known as "hordearii", "barley-eaters". However, by Roman times, he added that wheat had replaced barley as a staple.
Tibetan barley has been a staple food in Tibetan cuisine since the fifth century AD. This grain, along with a cool climate that permitted storage, produced a civilization that was able to raise great armies. It is made into a flour product called "tsampa" that is still a staple in Tibet. The flour is roasted and mixed with butter and butter tea to form a stiff dough that is eaten in small balls.
In medieval Europe, bread made from barley and rye was peasant food, while wheat products were consumed by the upper classes. Potatoes largely replaced barley in Eastern Europe in the 19th century.
Genetics.
The genome of barley was sequenced in 2012.
The genome is composed of seven pairs of nuclear chromosomes (recommended designations: lH, 2H, 3H, 4H, 5H, 6H and 7H), and one mitochondrial and one chloroplastic chromosome, with a total of 5000 Mbp.
Production.
Barley was grown in about 100 countries worldwide in 2007. The world production in 1974 was 148,818,870 tonnes; since then, there has been a slight decline in the amount of barley produced worldwide. Upon the results of 2011, Ukraine was the world leader in barley export.
Cultivation.
Barley is a widely adaptable crop. It is currently popular in temperate areas where it is grown as a summer crop and tropical areas where it is sown as a winter crop. Its germination time is one to three days. Barley grows under cool conditions, but is not particularly winter hardy.
Barley is more tolerant of soil salinity than wheat, which might explain the increase of barley cultivation in Mesopotamia from the second millennium BC onwards. Barley is not as cold tolerant as the winter wheats ("Triticum aestivum"), fall rye ("Secale cereale") or winter triticale (× "Triticosecale" Wittm. ex A. Camus.), but may be sown as a winter crop in warmer areas of Australia and Great Britain.
Barley has a short growing season and is also relatively drought tolerant.
Plant diseases.
This plant is known or likely to be susceptible to barley mild mosaic bymovirus, as well as bacterial blight. It can be susceptible to many diseases, but plant breeders have been working hard to incorporate resistance. The devastation caused by any one disease will depend upon the susceptibility of the variety being grown and the environmental conditions during disease development. Serious diseases of barley include powdery mildew caused by "Blumeria graminis" f.sp. "hordei", leaf scald caused by "Rhynchosporium secalis", barley rust caused by "Puccinia hordei", and various diseases caused by "Cochliobolus sativus". Barley is also susceptible to head blight.
Uses.
Algicide.
Barley straw, in England, is placed in mesh bags and floated in fish ponds or water gardens to help reduce algal growth without harming pond plants and animals. Barley straw has not been approved by the EPA for use as a pesticide and its effectiveness as an algicide in ponds has produced mixed results during university testing in the US and the UK.
Animal feed.
Half of the United States' barley production is used as livestock feed. Barley is an important feed grain in many areas of the world not typically suited for maize production, especially in northern climates—for example, northern and eastern Europe. Barley is the principal feed grain in Canada, Europe, and in the northern United States. A finishing diet of barley is one of the defining characteristics of western Canadian beef used in marketing campaigns.
Beverages.
Alcoholic beverages.
A large part (about 25%) of the remainder is used for malting, for which barley is the best-suited grain. It is a key ingredient in beer and whisky production. Two-row barley is traditionally used in German and English beers. Six-row barley was traditionally used in US beers, but both varieties are in common usage now. Distilled from green beer, whisky has been made primarily from barley in Ireland and Scotland, while other countries have used more diverse sources of alcohol, such as the more common corn, rye and wheat in the USA. In the US, a grain type may be identified on a whisky label if that type of grain constitutes 51% or more of the ingredients and certain other conditions are satisfied.
Barley wine is a style of strong beer from the English brewing tradition. Another alcoholic drink known by the same name, enjoyed in the 18th century, was prepared by boiling barley in water, then mixing the barley water with white wine and other ingredients, such as borage, lemon and sugar. In the 19th century, a different barley wine was made prepared from recipes of ancient Greek origin.
Nonalcoholic beverages.
Nonalcoholic drinks such as barley water and barley tea (called "mugicha" in Japan) have been made by boiling barley in water.
In Italy, barley is also sometimes used as coffee substitute, "caffè d'orzo" (coffee of barley). This drink is obtained from ground, roasted barley and it is prepared as an espresso (it can be prepared using percolators, filter machines or cafetieres). It became widely used during the Fascist period and the war, as Italy was affected by embargo and struggled to import coffee. It was also a cheaper option for poor families (often grown and roasted at home) in the period. Afterwards, it was promoted and sold as a coffee substitute for children. Nowadays, it is experiencing a revival and it can be considered some Italians' favourite alternative to coffee when, for health reasons, caffeine drinks are not recommended.
Food.
Barley contains eight essential amino acids. According to a 2006 study, eating whole-grain barley can regulate blood sugar (i.e. reduce blood glucose response to a meal) for up to 10 hours after consumption compared to white or even whole-grain wheat, which have similar glycemic indices. The effect was attributed to colonic fermentation of indigestible carbohydrates.
Hulled barley (or covered barley) is eaten after removing the inedible, fibrous, outer hull. Once removed, it is called dehulled barley (or pot barley or scotch barley). Considered a whole grain, dehulled barley still has its bran and germ, making it a nutritious and popular health food. Pearl barley (or pearled barley) is dehulled barley which has been steam processed further to remove the bran. It may be polished, a process known as "pearling". Dehulled or pearl barley may be processed into a variety of barley products, including flour, flakes similar to oatmeal, and grits.
Barley meal, a wholemeal barley flour lighter than wheat meal but darker in colour, is used in porridge and gruel in Scotland. Barley meal gruel is known as "sawiq" in the Arab world. With a long history of cultivation in the Middle East, barley is used in a wide range of traditional Arabic, Assyrian, Israelite, Kurdish, and Persian foodstuffs including kashkak, kashk and murri. Barley soup is traditionally eaten during Ramadan in Saudi Arabia. "Cholent" or "hamin" (in Hebrew) is a traditional Jewish stew often eaten on Sabbath, in a variety of recipes by both Mizrachi and Ashkenazi Jews, with barley cited throughout the Hebrew Bible in multiple references. In Eastern and Central Europe, barley is also used in soups and stews such as ričet. In Africa, where it is a traditional food plant, it has the potential to improve nutrition, boost food security, foster rural development and support sustainable landcare.
The six-row variety "bere" is cultivated in Orkney, Shetland, Caithness and the Western Isles in the Scottish Highlands and islands. The grain is used to make "beremeal", used locally in bread, biscuits, and the traditional beremeal bannock.
Like wheat and rye, barley contains gluten, which makes it an unsuitable grain for consumption by those with celiac disease.
Measurement.
Barley grains were used for measurement in England, there being three or four barleycorns to the inch and four or five poppy seeds to the barleycorn. The statute definition of an inch was three barleycorns, although by the 19th century, this had been superseded by standard inch measures. This unit still persists in the shoe sizes used in Britain and the USA.
The barleycorn was known as "arpa" in Turkish, and the feudal system in Ottoman Empire employed the term "arpalik", or "barley-money", to refer to a second allowance made to officials to offset the costs of fodder for their horses.
Ornamental.
A new stabilized variegated variety of "Hordeum vulgare", billed as "Hordeum vulgare varigate", has been introduced for cultivation as an ornamental and pot plant for pet cats to nibble.
Research.
The chlorophyll-binding a/b protein is missing in albostrains of barley, and they have been used to study plastid development in plants. Researching white-streaked strains, plant scientists have gained a greater understanding of reporter gene expression in the production of chloroplast proteins.
Cultural significance.
The Islamic prophet Muhammad prescribed barley (talbina) for seven diseases. It was also said to soothe and calm the bowels. Avicenna, in his 11th century work "The Canon of Medicine", wrote of the healing effects of barley water, soup and broth for fevers. Additionally, barley can be roasted and turned into roasted barley tea, a popular Asian drink.
In English folklore, the figure of John Barleycorn in the folksong of the same name is a personification of barley, and of the alcoholic beverages made from it, beer and whisky. In the song, John Barleycorn is represented as suffering attacks, death, and indignities that correspond to the various stages of barley cultivation, such as reaping and malting. He may be related to older pagan gods, such as Mímir or Kvasir.
Chemistry.
"H. vulgare" contains the phenolics caffeic and p-coumaric, the ferulic acid 8,5'-diferulic acid, the flavonoids catechin-7-O-glucoside, saponarin, catechin, procyanidin B3, procyanidin C2, and prodelphinidin B3, and the alkaloid hordenine.

</doc>
<doc id="19541441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541441" title="Basketball at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Basketball at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Basketball at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Medina from April 9 to April 19, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19541460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541460" title="Katon Dawson">
Katon Dawson

Katon Edwards Dawson (born February 29, 1956) is an American politician from the state of South Carolina, former chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party and was a 2009 candidate for chairman of the Republican National Committee.
Early life.
Dawson was born in Columbia, South Carolina in then-heavily Democratic South Carolina, his parents helped organize the state's first GOP precincts. Dawson claimed his political interest came from attending a Barry Goldwater speech in 1964, and first volunteered for Richard Nixon's 1968 presidential campaign. He also considers the desegregation of his high-school in the 1960s as a major event that inspired him to enter politics, as Dawson was fiercely anti-desegregation. Dawson commented in an interview,
Dawson graduated from the University of South Carolina.
Political career.
Dawson was elected Richland County GOP vice chairman in 1994 and state party chair 2002.
In 2006, despite nationwide losses by the Republican party, the South Carolina GOP carried eight of nine statewide constitutional offices.
In August 2007 Dawson drew national attention for his decision to move the 2008 South Carolina Republican presidential primary from Feb. 2 to January 29, preserving the state's "first in the South" primary. In every election since 1980, the winner of the South Carolina primary has won the Republican presidential nomination.
During Dawson's chairmanship, the South Carolina GOP has made progress with outreach to African-Americans and in promoting minorities to leadership positions, electing its first African-American member of the Republican National Committee from the South, and in 2008 the first black Republican State Representative since Reconstruction was elected.
In August 2008, Dawson personally argued in an open letter to the Forest Lake Country Club, a whites-only country club of which he was a member, to include minority members (and later resigned his 12-year membership) stating "we have a responsibility to expeditiously make right this longstanding wrong." According to Dawson, he first learned of the restriction on the 80-year-old deed in 2008, and while there are no black members, African-Americans are frequent guests at the club and on the golf course. Though Dawson claims to have been only a "12-year-member" of Forest Lake Country Club, his parents were members for decades before that and he and his siblings had grown up at the club, using the facilities since their childhoods in the late '50s and 1960s. This make his claim to have been unaware of racial segregation at the club questionable. Dawson became the first state Republican chair to endorse the "Drill Here. Drill Now. Pay Less." campaign launched by former House Speaker Newt Gingrich's organization American Solutions.
Dawson expressed his interest in chairing the Republican National Committee in October 2007 when reports confirmed Senator Mel Martinez would be stepping down, but did not actively campaign until he announced his official bid on November 24, 2008 for the 2009 RNC Chairmanship Election. Dawson was one of two candidates to earn votes on each of the six votes taken; he lost the final ballot to winner Michael Steele, 91-77.
RNC Chairman Vote
"Source: CQPolitics, and Poll Pundit 
Personal life.
Dawson lives with his wife Candy in Columbia, S.C. They have two children, Anna and Katon Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19541474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541474" title="Giriz">
Giriz

Giriz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19541479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541479" title="Ten Months">
Ten Months

Ten Months is the first and only album from the band No Tagbacks. The band later changed their name to House of Heroes. It was released by Four Door Entertainment. Although previously out of print and unavailable on both physical media and online, "Ten Months" was released on iTunes for the first time by House of Heroes in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19541487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541487" title="Ajax4jsf">
Ajax4jsf

Ajax4jsf was a project for an open source framework that added Ajax capabilities to the JavaServer Faces web application framework.
It was an early entrant to the JSF space, but did implement a still-rare feature, that of skinning.
Ajax4jsf is now contained entirely within the RichFaces project.
History.
Ajax4jsf was created by Alexander Smirnov in early 2005. “Hot” new technologies of the time were Ajax and JavaServer Faces. Smirnov figured to merge the two, so that it would then be easy to have Ajax functionality within a JSF application.
The project began on SourceForge.net under the name Telamon (from the Shakespeare play, Antony and Cleopatra).
Later that same year, Smirnov joined Exadel and continued to develop the framework. The first version was released in March 2006, as part of "Exadel Visual Component Platform" or "Exadel VCP". Later in 2006 it was split into the Ajax4jsf framework and RichFaces. While RichFaces provided a "component-centric" Ajax approach (components do everything you need), Ajax4jsf provided what’s called "page-oriented" Ajax support. The developer specifies what parts of the page should be processed on the server after some client-side user actions, and what client-side parts should be updated afterwards. Ajax4jsf became an open source project hosted on Java.net, while RichFaces became a commercial JSF component library.
In March 2007, JBoss and Exadel agreed a partnership where Ajax4jsf and RichFaces would now be under the JBoss umbrella and be called "JBoss Ajax4jsf" and "JBoss RichFaces". RichFaces would now also be open sourced and free. In September 2007, JBoss and Exadel decided to merge Ajax4jsf and RichFaces under the RichFaces name. This made sense as both libraries now had the same free, open source licence. Having just one product also simplified versioning and compatibility issues.
Although now part of JBoss RichFaces, the code still contains references to the identifier 'codice_1' .

</doc>
<doc id="19541494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541494" title="Cloud computing">
Cloud computing

In computer networking, cloud computing is a phrase used to describe a variety of computing concepts that involve a large number of computers connected through a communication network such as the Internet. It is very similar to the concept of utility computing. In science, cloud computing is a synonym for distributed computing over a network, and means the ability to run a program or application on many connected computers at the same time.
The phrase is often used in reference to network-based services, which appear to be provided by real server hardware, and are in fact served up by virtual hardware, simulated by software running on one or more real machines. Such virtual servers do not physically exist and can therefore be moved around and scaled up or down on the fly without affecting the end user, somewhat like a cloud becoming larger or smaller without being a physical object.
In common usage, the term "the cloud" is essentially a metaphor for the Internet. Marketers have further popularized the phrase "in the cloud" to refer to software, platforms and infrastructure that are sold "as a service", i.e. remotely through the Internet. Typically, the seller has actual energy-consuming servers which host products and services from a remote location, so end-users don't have to; they can simply log on to the network without installing anything. The major models of cloud computing service are known as software as a service, platform as a service, and infrastructure as a service. These cloud services may be offered in a public, private or hybrid network. Google, Amazon, Oracle Cloud, Salesforce, Zoho and Microsoft Azure are some well-known cloud vendors.
Advantages.
Cloud computing relies on sharing of resources to achieve coherence and economies of scale, similar to a utility (like the electricity grid) over a network. At the foundation of cloud computing is the broader concept of converged infrastructure and shared services.
The cloud also focuses on maximizing the effectiveness of the shared resources. Cloud resources are usually not only shared by multiple users but are also dynamically reallocated per demand. This can work for allocating resources to users. For example, a cloud computer facility that serves European users during European business hours with a specific application (e.g., email) may reallocate the same resources to serve North American users during North America's business hours with a different application (e.g., a web server). This approach should maximize the use of computing powers thus reducing environmental damage as well since less power, air conditioning, rackspace, etc. is required for a variety of functions. With cloud computing, multiple users can access a single server to retrieve and update their data without purchasing licenses for different applications.
The term "moving to cloud" also refers to an organization moving away from a traditional CAPEX model (buy the dedicated hardware and depreciate it over a period of time) to the OPEX model (use a shared cloud infrastructure and pay as one uses it).
Proponents claim that cloud computing allows companies to avoid upfront infrastructure costs, and focus on projects that differentiate their businesses instead of infrastructure. Proponents also claim that cloud computing allows enterprises to get their applications up and running faster, with improved manageability and less maintenance, and enables IT to more rapidly adjust resources to meet fluctuating and unpredictable business demand. Cloud providers typically use a "pay as you go model." This can lead to unexpectedly high charges if administrators do not adapt to the cloud pricing model.
Hosted services.
The term "cloud computing" is mostly used to sell hosted services in the sense of application service provisioning that run client server software at a remote location. Such services are given popular acronyms like 'SaaS' (software as a service), 'PaaS' (platform as a service), 'IaaS' (infrastructure as a service), 'HaaS' (hardware as a service) and finally 'EaaS' (everything as a service). End users access cloud-based applications through a web browser, thin client or mobile app while the business software and user's data are stored on servers at a remote location. Examples include Amazon web services and Google App engine which allocate space for a user to deploy and manage software "in the cloud".
History.
The 1950s.
The underlying concept of cloud computing dates back to the 1950s, when large-scale mainframe computers became available in academia and corporations, accessible via thin clients/terminal computers, often referred to as "static terminals", because they were used for communications but had no internal processing capacities. To make more efficient use of costly mainframes, a practice evolved that allowed multiple users to share both the physical access to the computer from multiple terminals as well as to share the CPU time. This eliminated periods of inactivity on the mainframe and allowed for a greater return on the investment. The practice of sharing CPU time on a mainframe became known in the industry as time-sharing. During mid 70s it was popularly known as RJE Remote Job Entry process mostly associated with IBM and DEC.
The 1960s–1990s.
John McCarthy opined in the 1960s that "computation may someday be organized as a public utility." Almost all of the modern-day characteristics of cloud computing (elastic provision, provided as a utility, online, illusion of infinite supply), the comparison to the electricity industry and the use of public, private, government, and community forms, were thoroughly explored in Douglas Parkhill's 1966 book, "The Challenge of the Computer Utility". Other scholars have shown that cloud computing's roots go all the way back to the 1950s when scientist Herb Grosch (the author of Grosch's law) postulated that the entire world would operate on dumb terminals powered by about 15 large data centers. Due to the expense of these powerful computers, many corporations and other entities could avail themselves of computing capability through time sharing and several organizations, such as GE's GEISCO, IBM subsidiary The Service Bureau Corporation (SBC, founded in 1957), Tymshare (founded in 1966), National CSS (founded in 1967 and bought by Dun & Bradstreet in 1979), Dial Data (bought by Tymshare in 1968), and Bolt, Beranek and Newman (BBN) marketed time sharing as a commercial venture.
The 1990s.
In the 1990s, telecommunications companies, who previously offered primarily dedicated point-to-point data circuits, began offering virtual private network (VPN) services with comparable quality of service, but at a lower cost. By switching traffic as they saw fit to balance server use, they could use overall network bandwidth more effectively. They began to use the cloud symbol to denote the demarcation point between what the provider was responsible for and what users were responsible for. Cloud computing extends this boundary to cover servers as well as the network infrastructure.
As computers became more prevalent, scientists and technologists explored ways to make large-scale computing power available to more users through time sharing, experimenting with algorithms to provide the optimal use of the infrastructure, platform and applications which prioritized the CPU and efficiency for the end users.
Since 2000.
After the dot-com bubble, Amazon played a key role in all the development of cloud computing by modernizing their data centers, which, like most computer networks, were using as little as 10% of their capacity at any one time, just to leave room for occasional spikes. Having found that the new cloud architecture resulted in significant internal efficiency improvements whereby small, fast-moving "two-pizza teams" (teams small enough to feed with two pizzas) could add new features faster and more easily, Amazon initiated a new product development effort to provide cloud computing to external customers, and launched Amazon Web Services (AWS) on a utility computing basis in 2006.
In early 2008, Eucalyptus became the first open-source, AWS API-compatible platform for deploying private clouds. In early 2008, OpenNebula, enhanced in the RESERVOIR European Commission-funded project, became the first open-source software for deploying private and hybrid clouds, and for the federation of clouds. In the same year, efforts were focused on providing quality of service guarantees (as required by real-time interactive applications) to cloud-based infrastructures, in the framework of the IRMOS European Commission-funded project, resulting to a real-time cloud environment. By mid-2008, Gartner saw an opportunity for cloud computing "to shape the relationship among consumers of IT services, those who use IT services and those who sell them" and observed that "organizations are switching from company-owned hardware and software assets to per-use service-based models" so that the "projected shift to computing ... will result in dramatic growth in IT products in some areas and significant reductions in other areas."
On March 1, 2011, IBM announced the IBM SmartCloud framework to support Smarter Planet. Among the various components of the Smarter Computing foundation, cloud computing is a critical piece.
On June 7, 2012, Oracle announced the Oracle Cloud. While aspects of the Oracle Cloud are still in development, this cloud offering is posed to be the first to provide users with access to an integrated set of IT solutions, including the Applications (SaaS), Platform (PaaS), and Infrastructure (IaaS) layers.
Growth and popularity.
The development of the Internet from being document centric via semantic data towards more and more services was described as "dynamic web". This contribution focused in particular in the need for better meta-data able to describe not only implementation details but also conceptual details of model-based applications.
The present availability of high-capacity networks, low-cost computers and storage devices as well as the widespread adoption of hardware virtualization, service-oriented architecture, autonomic, and utility computing have led to a growth in cloud computing.
Financials.
Cloud vendors are experiencing growth rates of 90% per annum.
Origin of the term.
The origin of the term "cloud computing" is unclear, although it is often attributed to the Internet Systems Division of Compaq Computer (George Favaloro, Philip Reagan, Jeff Whatcott, Ken Evans, Ricardo Cidale, and others). The expression "cloud" is commonly used in science to describe a large agglomeration of objects that visually appear from a distance as a cloud and describes any set of things whose details are not inspected further in a given context. 
In analogy to above usage the word "cloud" was used as a metaphor for the Internet and a standardized cloud-like shape was used to denote a network on telephony schematics and later to depict the Internet in computer network diagrams. The cloud symbol was used to represent the Internet as early as 1994, in which servers were then shown connected to, but external to, the cloud.
References to cloud computing in its modern sense can be found as early as 1996, with the earliest known mention to be found in a Compaq internal document.
The term became popular after Amazon.com introduced the Elastic Compute Cloud in 2006.
Similar systems and concepts.
Cloud Computing is the result of evolution and adoption of existing technologies and paradigms. The goal of cloud computing is to allow users to take beneﬁt from all of these technologies, without the need for deep knowledge about or expertise with each one of them. The cloud aims to cut costs, and help the users focus on their core business instead of being impeded by IT obstacles.
The main enabling technology for cloud computing is virtualization. Virtualization generalizes the physical infrastructure, which is the most rigid component, and makes it available as a soft component that is easy to use and manage. By doing so, virtualization provides the agility required to speed up IT operations, and reduces cost by increasing infrastructure utilization. On the other hand, autonomic computing automates the process through which the user can provision resources on-demand. By minimizing user involvement, automation speeds up the process and reduces the possibility of human errors.
Users face difficult business problems every day. Cloud computing adopts concepts from Service-oriented Architecture (SOA) that can help the user break these problems into services that can be integrated to provide a solution. Cloud computing provides all of its resources as services, and makes use of the well-established standards and best practices gained in the domain of SOA to allow global and easy access to cloud services in a standardized way.
Cloud computing also leverages concepts from utility computing in order to provide metrics for the services used. Such metrics are at the core of the public cloud pay-per-use models. In addition, measured services are an essential part of the feedback loop in autonomic computing, allowing services to scale on-demand and to perform automatic failure recovery.
Cloud computing is a kind of grid computing; it has evolved by addressing the QoS (quality of service) and reliability problems. Cloud computing provides the tools and technologies to build data/compute intensive parallel applications with much more affordable prices compared to traditional parallel computing techniques.
Cloud computing shares characteristics with:
Characteristics.
Cloud computing exhibits the following key characteristics:
The National Institute of Standards and Technology's definition of cloud computing identifies "five essential characteristics":
On-demand self-service.
On-demand self-service allows users to obtain, configure and deploy cloud services themselves using cloud service catalogues, without requiring the assistance of IT. This feature is listed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) as a characteristic of cloud computing.
The self-service requirement of cloud computing prompts infrastructure vendors to create cloud computing templates, which are obtained from cloud service catalogues. Manufacturers of such templates or blueprints include BMC Software (BMC), with Service Blueprints as part of their cloud management platform Hewlett-Packard (HP), which names its templates as HP Cloud Maps, RightScale and Red Hat, which names its templates CloudForms.
The templates contain predefined configurations used by consumers to set up cloud services. The templates or blueprints provide the technical information necessary to build ready-to-use clouds. Each template includes specific configuration details for different cloud infrastructures, with information about servers for specific tasks such as hosting applications, databases, websites and so on. The templates also include predefined Web service, the operating system, the database, security configurations and load balancing.
Cloud computing consumers use cloud templates to move applications between clouds through a self-service portal. The predefined blueprints define all that an application requires to run in different environments. For example, a template could define how the same application could be deployed in cloud platforms based on Amazon Web Service, VMware or Red Hat. The user organization benefits from cloud templates because the technical aspects of cloud configurations reside in the templates, letting users deploy cloud services with a push of a button. Developers can use cloud templates to create a catalog of cloud services.
Service models.
Cloud computing providers offer their services according to several fundamental models: infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), and software as a service (SaaS) where IaaS is the most basic and each higher model abstracts from the details of the lower models. Other key components in anything as a service (XaaS) are described in a comprehensive taxonomy model published in 2009, such as Strategy-as-a-Service, Collaboration-as-a-Service, Business Process-as-a-Service, Database-as-a-Service, etc. In 2012, network as a service (NaaS) and communication as a service (CaaS) were officially included by ITU (International Telecommunication Union) as part of the basic cloud computing models, recognized service categories of a telecommunication-centric cloud ecosystem. 
Infrastructure as a service (IaaS).
In the most basic cloud-service model, providers of IaaS offer computers – physical or (more often) virtual machines – and other resources. (A hypervisor, such as Hyper-V or Xen or KVM or VMware ESX/ESXi, runs the virtual machines as guests. Pools of hypervisors within the cloud operational support-system can support large numbers of virtual machines and the ability to scale services up and down according to customers' varying requirements.) IaaS clouds often offer additional resources such as a virtual-machine disk image library, raw (block) and file-based storage, firewalls, load balancers, IP addresses, virtual local area networks (VLANs), and software bundles.
IaaS-cloud providers supply these resources on-demand from their large pools installed in data centers. For wide-area connectivity, customers can use either the Internet or carrier clouds (dedicated virtual private networks).
To deploy their applications, cloud users install operating-system images and their application software on the cloud infrastructure. In this model, the cloud user patches and maintains the operating systems and the application software. Cloud providers typically bill IaaS services on a utility computing basis: cost reflects the amount of resources allocated and consumed.
Cloud communications and cloud telephony, rather than replacing local computing infrastructure, replace local telecommunications infrastructure with Voice over IP and other off-site Internet services.
Platform as a service (PaaS).
In the PaaS models, cloud providers deliver a computing platform, typically including operating system, programming language execution environment, database, and web server. Application developers can develop and run their software solutions on a cloud platform without the cost and complexity of buying and managing the underlying hardware and software layers. With some PaaS offers like Windows Azure, the underlying computer and storage resources scale automatically to match application demand so that the cloud user does not have to allocate resources manually. The latter has also been proposed by an architecture aiming to facilitate real-time in cloud environments.
Software as a service (SaaS).
In the business model using software as a service (SaaS), users are provided access to application software and databases. Cloud providers manage the infrastructure and platforms that run the applications. SaaS is sometimes referred to as "on-demand software" and is usually priced on a pay-per-use basis. SaaS providers generally price applications using a subscription fee.
In the SaaS model, cloud providers install and operate application software in the cloud and cloud users access the software from cloud clients. Cloud users do not manage the cloud infrastructure and platform where the application runs. This eliminates the need to install and run the application on the cloud user's own computers, which simplifies maintenance and support. Cloud applications are different from other applications in their scalability—which can be achieved by cloning tasks onto multiple virtual machines at run-time to meet changing work demand. Load balancers distribute the work over the set of virtual machines. This process is transparent to the cloud user, who sees only a single access point. To accommodate a large number of cloud users, cloud applications can be "multitenant", that is, any machine serves more than one cloud user organization. It is common to refer to special types of cloud-based application software with a similar naming convention: desktop as a service, business process as a service, test environment as a service, communication as a service.
The pricing model for SaaS applications is typically a monthly or yearly flat fee per user, so price is scalable and adjustable if users are added or removed at any point.
Proponents claim SaaS allows a business the potential to reduce IT operational costs by outsourcing hardware and software maintenance and support to the cloud provider. This enables the business to reallocate IT operations costs away from hardware/software spending and personnel expenses, towards meeting other goals. In addition, with applications hosted centrally, updates can be released without the need for users to install new software. One drawback of SaaS is that the users' data are stored on the cloud provider's server. As a result, there could be unauthorized access to the data. For this reason, users are increasingly adopting intelligent third-party key management systems to help secure their data.
Cloud management.
Legacy management infrastructures, which are based on the concept of dedicated system relationships and architecture constructs, are not well suited to cloud environments where instances are continually launched and decommissioned.
Cloud management challenges.
Cloud computing presents a number of management challenges. Companies using public clouds do not have ownership of the equipment hosting the cloud environment, and because the environment is not contained within their own networks, public cloud customers do not have full visibility or control. Users of public cloud services must also integrate with an architecture defined by the cloud provider, using its specific parameters for working with cloud components. Integration includes tying into the cloud APIs for configuring IP addresses, subnets, firewalls and data service functions for storage. Because control of these functions is based on the cloud provider’s infrastructure and services, public cloud users must integrate with the cloud infrastructure management.
Capacity management is a challenge for both public and private cloud environments because end users have the ability to deploy applications using self-service portals. Applications of all sizes may appear in the environment, consume an unpredictable amount of resources, then disappear at any time.
Chargeback—or, pricing resource use on a granular basis—is a challenge for both public and private cloud environments. Chargeback is a challenge for public cloud service providers because they must price their services competitively while still creating profit. Users of public cloud services may find chargeback challenging because it is difficult for IT groups to assess actual resource costs on a granular basis due to overlapping resources within an organization that may be paid for by an individual business unit, such as electrical power. For private cloud operators, chargeback is fairly straightforward, but the challenge lies in guessing how to allocate resources as closely as possible to actual resource usage to achieve the greatest operational efficiency. Exceeding budgets can be a risk.
Hybrid cloud environments, which combine public and private cloud services, sometimes with traditional infrastructure elements, present their own set of management challenges. These include security concerns if sensitive data lands on public cloud servers, budget concerns around overuse of storage or bandwidth and proliferation of mismanaged images. Hybrid cloud environments also typically include a complex mix of policies, permissions and limits that must be managed consistently across both public and private clouds.
Cloud clients.
Users access cloud computing using networked client devices, such as desktop computers, laptops, tablets and smartphones. Some of these devices – "cloud clients" – rely on cloud computing for all or a majority of their applications so as to be essentially useless without it. Examples are thin clients and the browser-based Chromebook. Many cloud applications do not require specific software on the client and instead use a web browser to interact with the cloud application. With Ajax and HTML5 these Web user interfaces can achieve a similar, or even better, look and feel to native applications. Some cloud applications, however, support specific client software dedicated to these applications (e.g., virtual desktop clients and most email clients). Some legacy applications (line of business applications that until now have been prevalent in thin client computing) are delivered via a screen-sharing technology.
Deployment models.
Controlled cloud.
Controlled cloud services are not publicly available; users are specifically authorized by services vendors. Access to the controlled cloud may be through the Internet; however, connections would be encrypted. The cloud vendor employs various techniques and technologies to prevent unauthorized access. Use of services is governed by contracts, and service-level agreements which specify the responsibilities of the vendor and the responsibilities of the customer with regard to data stewardship.
The services vendor discloses to customers its processes for managing customer data. Any subprocessors used in processing customer data are identified to customers. Data protection schemes, such as administrative controls, encryption methods, and other appropriate technical and organizational measures (TOMs) to protect data are described and demonstrated to customers.
The services vendor undergoes audits by an accredited independent third party using an industry standard such as the Service Organization Controls as defined by the AICPA, or achieves certification of an industry standard such as the for information security or the British Standard BS 10012 for data privacy. Services vendors and their subprocessors provide customers with the ability to view or receive copies of audit reports and certifications relevant to their cloud offerings and will actively inform their customers (users) about any security breach and data leakage or misuse.
Private cloud.
Private cloud is cloud infrastructure operated solely for a single organization, whether managed internally or by a third-party and hosted internally or externally. Undertaking a private cloud project requires a significant level and degree of engagement to virtualize the business environment, and requires the organization to reevaluate decisions about existing resources. When done right, it can improve business, but every step in the project raises security issues that must be addressed to prevent serious vulnerabilities. Self-run data centers are generally capital intensive. They have a significant physical footprint, requiring allocations of space, hardware, and environmental controls. These assets have to be refreshed periodically, resulting in additional capital expenditures. They have attracted criticism because users "still have to buy, build, and manage them" and thus do not benefit from less hands-on management,
essentially " the economic model that makes cloud computing such an intriguing concept".
Public cloud.
A cloud is called a "public cloud" when the services are rendered over a network that is open for public use. Technically there may be little or no difference between public and private cloud architecture, however, security consideration may be substantially different for services (applications, storage, and other resources) that are made available by a service provider for a public audience and when communication is effected over a non-trusted network. Generally, public cloud service providers like Amazon AWS, Microsoft and Google own and operate the infrastructure and offer access only via Internet (direct connectivity is not offered).
Community cloud.
Community cloud shares infrastructure between several organizations from a specific community with common concerns (security, compliance, jurisdiction, etc.), whether managed internally or by a third-party and hosted internally or externally. The costs are spread over fewer users than a public cloud (but more than a private cloud), so only some of the cost savings potential of cloud computing are realized.
Hybrid cloud.
Hybrid cloud is a composition of two or more clouds (private, community or public) that remain unique entities but are bound together, offering the benefits of multiple deployment models. Hybrid cloud can also mean the ability to connect collocation, managed and/or dedicated services with cloud resources.
Gartner, Inc. defines a hybrid cloud service as a cloud computing service that is composed of some combination of private, public and community cloud services, from different service providers. A hybrid cloud service crosses isolation and provider boundaries so that it can’t be simply put in one category of private, public, or community cloud service. It allows one to extend either the capacity or the capability of a cloud service, by aggregation, integration or customization with another cloud service.
Varied use cases for hybrid cloud composition exist. For example, an organization may store sensitive client data in house on a private cloud application, but interconnect that application to a billing application provided on a public cloud as a software service. This example of hybrid cloud extends the capabilities of the enterprise to deliver a specific business service through the addition of externally available public cloud services.
Another example of hybrid cloud is one where IT organizations use public cloud computing resources to meet temporary capacity needs that can not be met by the private cloud. This capability enables hybrid clouds to employ cloud bursting for scaling across clouds.
Cloud bursting is an application deployment model in which an application runs in a private cloud or data center and "bursts" to a public cloud when the demand for computing capacity increases. A primary advantage of cloud bursting and a hybrid cloud model is that an organization only pays for extra compute resources when they are needed.
Cloud bursting enables data centers to create an in-house IT infrastructure that supports average workloads, and use cloud resources from public or private clouds, during spikes in processing demands.
By utilizing "hybrid cloud" architecture, companies and individuals are able to obtain degrees of fault tolerance combined with locally immediate usability without dependency on internet connectivity. Hybrid cloud architecture requires both on-premises resources and off-site (remote) server-based cloud infrastructure.
Distributed cloud.
Cloud computing can also be provided by a distributed set of machines that are running at different locations, while still connected to a single network or hub service. Examples of this include distributed computing platforms such as BOINC and Folding@Home.
Cloud management strategies.
Public clouds are managed by public cloud service providers, which include the public cloud environment’s servers, storage, networking and data center operations. Users of public cloud services can generally select from three basic categories:
Managing a private cloud requires software tools to help create a virtualized pool of compute resources, provide a self-service portal for end users and handle security, resource allocation, tracking and billing.
In hybrid cloud environments, compute, network and storage resources must be managed across multiple domains, so a good management strategy should start by defining what needs to be managed, and where and how to do it. Policies to help govern these domains should include configuration and installation of images, access control, and budgeting and reporting. Access control often includes the use of Single sign-on (SSO), in which a user logs in once and gains access to all systems without being prompted to log in again at each of them.
Aspects of cloud management systems.
A cloud management system is a combination of software and technologies designed to manage cloud environments. The industry has responded to the management challenges of cloud computing with cloud management systems. HP, Novell, Eucalyptus, OpenNebula, Citrix and are among the vendors that have management systems specifically for managing cloud environments.
At a minimum, a cloud management solution should be able to manage a pool of heterogeneous compute resources, provide access to end users, monitor security, manage resource allocation and manage tracking. For composite applications, cloud management solutions also encompass frameworks for workflow mapping and management.
Enterprises with large-scale cloud implementations may require more robust cloud management tools that include specific characteristics, such as the ability to manage multiple platforms from a single point of reference, include intelligent analytics to automate processes like application lifecycle management. And high-end cloud management tools should also be able to handle system failures automatically with capabilities such as self-monitoring, an explicit notification mechanism, and include failover and self-healing capabilities. Cisco recently launched its InterCloud solution to provide flexibility to dynamically manage workloads across public and private cloud environments.
Architecture.
"Cloud architecture", the systems architecture of the software systems involved in the delivery of cloud computing, typically involves multiple "cloud components" communicating with each other over a loose coupling mechanism such as a messaging queue. Elastic provision implies intelligence in the use of tight or loose coupling as applied to mechanisms such as these and others.
The Intercloud.
The Intercloud is an interconnected global "cloud of clouds" and an extension of the Internet "network of networks" on which it is based.
Cloud engineering.
Cloud engineering is the application of engineering disciplines to cloud computing. It brings a systematic approach to the high-level concerns of commercialization, standardization, and governance in conceiving, developing, operating and maintaining cloud computing systems. It is a multidisciplinary method encompassing contributions from diverse areas such as systems, software, web, performance, information, security, platform, risk, and quality engineering.
Issues.
Threats and opportunities of the cloud.
Critical voices including GNU project initiator Richard Stallman and Oracle founder Larry Ellison warned that the whole concept is rife with privacy and ownership concerns and constitute merely a fad.
However, cloud computing continues to gain steam with 56% of the major European technology decision-makers estimate that the cloud is a priority in 2013 and 2014, and the cloud budget may reach 30% of the overall IT budget.
According to the "TechInsights Report 2013: Cloud Succeeds" based on a survey, the cloud implementations generally meets or exceedes expectations across major service models, such as Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS).
Several deterrents to the widespread adoption of cloud computing remain. Among them, are: reliability, availability of services and data, security, complexity, costs, regulations and legal issues, performance, migration, reversion, the lack of standards, limited customization and issues of privacy. The "cloud" offers many strong points: infrastructure flexibility, faster deployment of applications and data, cost control, adaptation of cloud resources to real needs, improved productivity, etc. The early 2010s cloud market is dominated by software and services in SaaS mode and IaaS (infrastructure), especially the private cloud. PaaS and the public cloud are further back.
Privacy.
The increased use of cloud computing services such as Gmail and Google Docs has pressed the issue of privacy concerns of cloud computing services to the utmost importance. The provider of such services lie in a position such that with the greater use of cloud computing services has given access to a plethora of data. This access has the immense risk of data being disclosed either accidentally or deliberately. Privacy advocates have criticized the cloud model for giving hosting companies' greater ease to control—and thus, to monitor at will—communication between host company and end user, and access user data (with or without permission). Instances such as the secret NSA program, working with AT&T, and Verizon, which recorded over 10 million telephone calls between American citizens, causes uncertainty among privacy advocates, and the greater powers it gives to telecommunication companies to monitor user activity. A cloud service provider (CSP) can complicate data privacy because of the extent of virtualization (virtual machines) and cloud storage used to implement cloud service. CSP operations, customer or tenant data may not remain on the same system, or in the same data center or even within the same provider's cloud; this can lead to legal concerns over jurisdiction. While there have been efforts (such as US-EU Safe Harbor) to "harmonise" the legal environment, providers such as Amazon still cater to major markets (typically to the United States and the European Union) by deploying local infrastructure and allowing customers to select "regions and availability zones".
Cloud computing poses privacy concerns because the service provider can access the data that is on the cloud at any time. It could accidentally or deliberately alter or even delete information. This becomes a major concern as these service providers, who employ administrators which can leave room for potential unwanted disclosure of information on the cloud.
Privacy solutions.
Solutions to privacy in cloud computing include policy and legislation as well as end users' choices for how data is stored. The cloud service provider needs to establish clear and relevant policies that describe how the data of each cloud user will be accessed and used. Cloud service users can encrypt data that is processed or stored within the cloud to prevent unauthorized access.
Compliance.
To comply with regulations including FISMA, HIPAA, and SOX in the United States, the Data Protection Directive in the EU and the credit card industry's PCI DSS, users may have to adopt "community" or "hybrid" deployment modes that are typically more expensive and may offer restricted benefits. This is how Google is able to "manage and meet additional government policy requirements beyond FISMA" and Rackspace Cloud or QubeSpace are able to claim PCI compliance.
Many providers also obtain a audit, but this has been criticised on the grounds that the hand-picked set of goals and standards determined by the auditor and the auditee are often not disclosed and can vary widely. Providers typically make this information available on request, under non-disclosure agreement.
Customers in the EU contracting with cloud providers outside the EU/EEA have to adhere to the EU regulations on export of personal data.
U.S. Federal Agencies have been directed by the Office of Management and Budget to use a process called FedRAMP (Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program) to assess and authorize cloud products and services. Federal CIO Steven VanRoekel issued a memorandum to federal agency Chief Information Officers on December 8, 2011 defining how federal agencies should use FedRAMP. FedRAMP consists of a subset of NIST Special Publication 800-53 security controls specifically selected to provide protection in cloud environments. A subset has been defined for the FIPS 199 low categorization and the FIPS 199 moderate categorization. The FedRAMP program has also established a Joint Accreditation Board (JAB) consisting of Chief Information Officers from DoD, DHS and GSA. The JAB is responsible for establishing accreditation standards for 3rd party organizations who perform the assessments of cloud solutions. The JAB also reviews authorization packages, and may grant provisional authorization (to operate). The federal agency consuming the service still has final responsibility for final authority to operate.
A multitude of laws and regulations have forced specific compliance requirements onto many companies that collect, generate or store data. These policies may dictate a wide array of data storage policies, such as how long information must be retained, the process used for deleting data, and even certain recovery plans. Below are some examples of compliance laws or regulations.
In a virtualized cloud computing environment, customers may never know exactly where their data is stored. In fact, data may be stored across multiple data centers in an effort to improve reliability, increase performance, and provide redundancies. This geographic dispersion may make it more difficult to ascertain legal jurisdiction if disputes arise.
Legal.
As with other changes in the landscape of computing, certain legal issues arise with cloud computing, including trademark infringement, security concerns and sharing of proprietary data resources.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has criticized the United States government during the Megaupload seizure process for considering that people lose property rights by storing data on a cloud computing service.
One important but not often mentioned problem with cloud computing is the problem of who is in "possession" of the data. If a cloud company is the possessor of the data, the possessor has certain legal rights. If the cloud company is the "custodian" of the data, then a different set of rights would apply. The next problem in the legalities of cloud computing is the problem of legal ownership of the data. Many Terms of Service agreements are silent on the question of ownership.
These legal issues are not confined to the time period in which the cloud-based application is actively being used. There must also be consideration for what happens when the provider-customer relationship ends. In most cases, this event will be addressed before an application is deployed to the cloud. However, in the case of provider insolvencies or bankruptcy the state of the data may become blurred.
Vendor lock-in.
Because cloud computing is still relatively new, standards are still being developed. Many cloud platforms and services are proprietary, meaning that they are built on the specific standards, tools and protocols developed by a particular vendor for its particular cloud offering. This can make migrating off a proprietary cloud platform prohibitively complicated and expensive.
Three types of vendor lock-in can occur with cloud computing:
Heterogeneous cloud computing is described as a type of cloud environment that prevents vendor lock-in, and aligns with enterprise data centers that are operating hybrid cloud models.
A heterogeneous cloud is considered one that includes on-premise private clouds, public clouds and software-as-a-service clouds. Heterogeneous clouds can work with environments that are not virtualized, such as traditional data centers.
Cloud piece parts, such as cloud storage systems, offer APIs but they are often incompatible with each other. The result is complicated migration between backends, and makes it difficult to integrate data spread across various locations. This has been described as a problem of vendor lock-in.
The solution to this is for clouds to adopt common standards.
Heterogeneous cloud computing differs from homogeneous clouds, which have been described as those using consistent building blocks supplied by a single vendor. Intel General Manager of high-density computing, Jason Waxman, is quoted as saying that a homogeneous system of 15,000 servers would cost $6 million more in capital expenditure and use 1 megawatt of power.
Open source.
Open-source software has provided the foundation for many cloud computing implementations, prominent examples being the Hadoop framework and VMware's Cloud Foundry. In November 2007, the Free Software Foundation released the Affero General Public License, a version of GPLv3 intended to close a perceived legal loophole associated with free software designed to run over a network.
Open standards.
Most cloud providers expose APIs that are typically well documented (often under a Creative Commons license) but also unique to their implementation and thus not interoperable. Some vendors have adopted others' APIs and there are a number of open standards under development, with a view to delivering interoperability and portability. As of November 2012, the Open Standard with broadest industry support is probably OpenStack, founded in 2010 by NASA and Rackspace, and now governed by the OpenStack Foundation. OpenStack
supporters include AMD, Intel, Canonical, SUSE Linux, Red Hat, Cisco, Dell, HP, IBM, Yahoo and now VMware.
Security.
As cloud computing is achieving increased popularity, concerns are being voiced about the security issues introduced through adoption of this new model. The effectiveness and efficiency of traditional protection mechanisms are being reconsidered as the characteristics of this innovative deployment model can differ widely from those of traditional architectures. An alternative perspective on the topic of cloud security is that this is but another, although quite broad, case of "applied security" and that similar security principles that apply in shared multi-user mainframe security models apply with cloud security.
The relative security of cloud computing services is a contentious issue that may be delaying its adoption. Physical control of the Private Cloud equipment is more secure than having the equipment off site and under someone else's control. Physical control and the ability to visually inspect data links and access ports is required in order to ensure data links are not compromised. Issues barring the adoption of cloud computing are due in large part to the private and public sectors' unease surrounding the external management of security-based services. It is the very nature of cloud computing-based services, private or public, that promote external management of provided services. This delivers great incentive to cloud computing service providers to prioritize building and maintaining strong management of secure services. Security issues have been categorised into sensitive data access, data segregation, privacy, bug exploitation, recovery, accountability, malicious insiders, management console security, account control, and multi-tenancy issues. Solutions to various cloud security issues vary, from cryptography, particularly public key infrastructure (PKI), to use of multiple cloud providers, standardisation of APIs, and improving virtual machine support and legal support.
Cloud computing offers many benefits, but is vulnerable to threats. As cloud computing uses increase, it is likely that more criminals find new ways to exploit system vulnerabilities. Many underlying challenges and risks in cloud computing increase the threat of data compromise. To mitigate the threat, cloud computing stakeholders should invest heavily in risk assessment to ensure that the system encrypts to protect data, establishes trusted foundation to secure the platform and infrastructure, and builds higher assurance into auditing to strengthen compliance. Security concerns must be addressed to maintain trust in cloud computing technology.
Data breach is a big concern in cloud computing. A compromised server could significantly harm the users as well as cloud providers. A variety of information could be stolen. These include credit card and social security numbers, addresses, and personal messages. The U.S. now requires cloud providers to notify customers of breaches. Once notified, customers now have to worry about identify theft and fraud. While providers, have to deal with federal investigations, lawsuits, and bad reputation. Customer lawsuits and settlements have resulted in over $1 billion in losses to cloud providers.
Sustainability.
Although cloud computing is often assumed to be a form of "green computing", there is currently no way to measure how "green" computers are.
The primary environmental problem associated with the cloud is energy use. Phil Radford of Greenpeace said “we are concerned that this new explosion in electricity use could lock us into old, polluting energy sources instead of the clean energy available today.” Greenpeace ranks the energy usage of the top ten big brands in cloud computing, and successfully urged several companies to switch to clean energy. On Thursday, December 15, 2011, Greenpeace and Facebook announced together that Facebook would shift to use clean and renewable energy to power its own operations. Soon thereafter, Apple agreed to make all of its data centers ‘coal free’ by the end of 2013 and doubled the amount of solar energy powering its Maiden, NC data center. Following suit, Salesforce agreed to shift to 100% clean energy by 2020.
Citing the servers' effects on the environmental effects of cloud computing, in areas where climate favors natural cooling and renewable electricity is readily available, the environmental effects will be more moderate. (The same holds true for "traditional" data centers.) Thus countries with favorable conditions, such as Finland, Sweden and Switzerland, are trying to attract cloud computing data centers.
Energy efficiency in cloud computing can result from energy-aware scheduling and server consolidation. However, in the case of distributed clouds over data centers with different sources of energy including renewable energy, the use of energy efficiency reduction could result in a significant carbon footprint reduction.
Abuse.
As with privately purchased hardware, customers can purchase the services of cloud computing for nefarious purposes. This includes password cracking and launching attacks using the purchased services. In 2009, a banking trojan illegally used the popular Amazon service as a command and control channel that issued software updates and malicious instructions to PCs that were infected by the malware.
IT governance.
The introduction of cloud computing requires an appropriate IT governance model to ensure a secured computing environment and to comply with all relevant organizational information technology policies. As such, organizations need a set of capabilities that are essential when effectively implementing and managing cloud services, including demand management, relationship management, data security management, application lifecycle management, risk and compliance management.
A danger lies with the explosion of companies joining the growth in cloud computing by becoming providers. However, many of the infrastructural and logistical concerns regarding the operation of cloud computing businesses are still unknown. This over-saturation may have ramifications for the industry as whole.
Consumer end storage.
The increased use of cloud computing could lead to a reduction in demand for high storage capacity consumer end devices, due to cheaper low storage devices that stream all content via the cloud becoming more popular.
In a Wired article, Jake Gardner explains that while unregulated usage is beneficial for IT and tech moguls like Amazon, the anonymous nature of the cost of consumption of cloud usage makes it difficult for business to evaluate and incorporate it into their business plans.
Ambiguity of terminology.
Outside of the information technology and software industry, the term "cloud" can be found to reference a wide range of services, some of which fall under the category of cloud computing, while others do not. The cloud is often used to refer to a product or service that is discovered, accessed and paid for over the Internet, but is not necessarily a computing resource. Examples of service that are sometimes referred to as "the cloud" include, but are not limited to, crowd sourcing, cloud printing, crowd funding, cloud manufacturing.
Performance interference and noisy neighbors.
Due to its multi-tenant nature and resource sharing, Cloud computing must also deal with the "noisy neighbor" effect. This effect in essence indicates that in a shared infrastructure, the activity of a virtual machine on a neighboring core on the same physical host may lead to increased performance degradation of the VMs in the same physical host, due to issues such as e.g. cache contamination. Due to the fact that the neighboring VMs may be activated or deactivated at arbitrary times, the result is an increased variation in the actual performance of Cloud resources. This effect seems to be dependent also on the nature of the applications that run inside the VMs but also other factors such as scheduling parameters and the careful selection may lead to optimized assignment in order to minimize the phenomenon. This has also led to difficulties in comparing various cloud providers on cost and performance using traditional benchmarks for service and application performance, as the time period and location in which the benchmark is performed can result in widely varied results. This observation has led in turn to research efforts to make cloud computing applications intrinsically aware of changes in the infrastructure so that the application can automatically adapt to avoid failure.
Monopolies and privatization of cyberspace.
Philosopher Slavoj Žižek points out that, although cloud computing enhances content accessibility, this access is "increasingly grounded in the virtually monopolistic privatization of the cloud which provides this access". According to him, this access, necessarily mediated through a handful of companies, ensures a progressive privatization of global cyberspace. Žižek criticises the argument purported by supporters of cloud computing that this phenomenon is part of the "natural evolution" of the Internet, sustaining that the quasi-monopolies "set prices at will but also filter the software they provide to give its "universality" a particular twist depending on commercial and ideological interests."
The Future.
According to Gartner's Hype cycle, Cloud computing has reached a maturity that leads it into a productive phase. This means that most of the main issues with Cloud computing have been addressed to a degree that Clouds have become interesting for full commercial exploitation. This however does not mean that all the problems listed above have actually been solved, only that the according risks can be tolerated to a certain degree. Cloud computing is therefore still as much a research topic, as it is a market offering.
In 2012 the European Commission has issued an analysis of the relevance of the open research issues for commercial stabilisation in which various experts from industry and academia identify in particular the following major concerns:
These findings have been refined into a research roadmap proposed by the Cloud Computing Expert Group on Research in December 2012 which tries to lay out a timeline for the identified research topics according to their commercial relevance. With the 8th Framework Programmes for Research and Technological Development the European Commission is trying to support the according research work along the lines of the Europe 2020 strategy.
Research.
Many universities, vendors, Institutes and government organizations are investing in research around the topic of cloud computing:

</doc>
<doc id="19541529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541529" title="Kubaly">
Kubaly

Kubaly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19541540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541540" title="List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in the Harbor area">
List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in the Harbor area

This is a list of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in the Harbor area of the city of Los Angeles, California, in the United States. There are more than 25 Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments (LAHCM) in this area, and several additional sites have been designated as California Historical Landmarks (CHL) or listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Overview of the Harbor Area's Historic-Cultural Monuments.
The Harbor Area includes some of the city's most historic sites, several of which are also listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Two ships located in San Pedro have also received higher distinction as National Historic Landmarks. They are the "Ralph Scott", a fireboat used for several decades by the Los Angeles Fire Department, and the "Lane Victory", a World War II Victory ship. 
The first sites in the Harbor area to be designated as HCM monuments were both built during the Civil War on land owned by Phinneas Banning. They are HCM #21 (the Civil War era Drum Barracks) and HCM #25 (Banning House where Phinneas Banning lived until his death).
The harbor has played an important role in the area's military history. San Pedro is the site of Fort MacArthur, which was established as a military reservation in 1888, and the harbor's historic sites include a Civil War-era barracks (Drum Barracks) and powder magazine (Powder Magazine (Camp Drum)), coastal artillery batteries built during World War I (Battery Osgood-Farley and Battery John Barlow and Saxton), and the flying bridge of a World War II heavy cruiser (the USS "Los Angeles").
Many of the Harbor area's historical sites have been converted to museums that are open to the public, including Banning House, Drum Barracks, the Point Fermin Lighthouse, and the old San Pedro Municipal Ferry Building which now operates as the city-owned Los Angeles Maritime Museum. The hillside overlooking the Point Fermin Lighthouse also include impressive artillery bunkers used between World War I and World War II, and the Korean Bell of Friendship, donated by the Republic of Korea for U.S. Bicentennial in 1976. Though located a short distance outside the city limits, Lloyd Wright's Wayfarers Chapel is located a short distance north of Point Fermin.
The Los Angeles Conservancy offers bimonthly walking tours of the historic sites in downtown San Pedro, which includes access to the interiors of the area's historic structures.
Non-HCM sites also recognized.
The LAHCM sites listed above include many of the most important historic sites in the City of Los Angeles' port area. Some others within L.A. in the area have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places, including the SS "Lane Victory", a U.S. National Historic Landmark. These are:
There are at least 15 other historic sites in the port area of Long Beach, California, including the RMS "Queen Mary". For these, see National Register of Historic Places listings in Los Angeles County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19541543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541543" title="Kristen Ashburn">
Kristen Ashburn

Kristen Ashburn (born 1973) is an American photojournalist. In 2001, she began photographing the impact of AIDS in southern Africa, and since then has produced stories on the spread of tuberculosis (TB) in the Russian penal system, Jewish settlers and suicide bombers in Israel’s Occupied Territories, the aftermath of the tsunami in Sri Lanka and of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans. Her work has appeared in many publications, including "The New Yorker", "Time", "Newsweek", and "Life". She lives in New York City.
In addition to her humanitarian photography, Ashburn is one of the directors of Through the Eyes of Children: The Rwanda Project, a charity that teaches photography to orphans of the 1994 Rwandan genocide and supports them through the sale of their images.
Recent work.
In 2007, Ashburn worked as a consulting producer on the documentary film "I Am Because We Are", which was produced and written by Madonna. A book of images bearing the same title is being published by powerHouse Books in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19541545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541545" title="1988 Oshakati bomb blast">
1988 Oshakati bomb blast

The 1988 Oshakati bomb blast was a bombing in Oshakati, Ovamboland, South West Africa (now Oshana Region, Namibia) which killed 27 people and left 70 others injured on 17 February 1988. The target of the bombing was the Barclay's Bank in the town. The perpetrators were never convicted, though significant proof exists that the South African police perpetrated the bombing in order to discredit the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO), the major independence movement in Namibia. At the time of the blast, both SWAPO and the South African authorities blamed each other.
Background.
18 February, the day of the blast, was a Friday at the end of the month, which is the traditional time when state employees were paid. At approximately noon, a car bomb exploded. Oshakati in the 1980s was a major hub for both the South African military as well as the bantustan Ovamboland government.
Commemorations.
In the years since the bombing, the day has been marked by commemorations by many Namibians, including prominent religious leaders and politicians. They called for national reconcilitation in honour of the victims.

</doc>
<doc id="19541569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541569" title="Nora Dannehy">
Nora Dannehy

Nora R. Dannehy was appointed Acting United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut on April 4, 2008. She is the first woman to hold the office, which was established in 1789. Dannehy, who graduated from Harvard Law School in 1986, joined the United States Department of Justice in 1991. Prior to her appointment, she had served as Professional Responsibility Officer for the District.
On September 29, 2008, Dannehy was appointed by United States Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey to continue an investigation into the dismissals of nine federal prosecutors in 2006. She is to determine if anyone should be prosecuted following the investigation by the Inspector General and Office of Professional Responsibility of the Department of Justice, which concluded that political pressure drove the dismissals of at least three federal prosecutors in 2006.
On December 10, 2010, Dannehy was named by Connecticut Attorney General elect George Jepsen to the post of Deputy Attorney General of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19541574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541574" title="Chief diversity officer">
Chief diversity officer

The chief diversity officer or CDO is an organization’s executive level diversity and inclusion strategist. According to journalist Bill Picture, about 20% percent of Fortune 500 companies employ diversity officers (Asian Week, Nov. 26, 2005). Steve O. Michael, Kent State University’s Vice President of Diversity Initiatives developed a database in 2006 with roughly 400 diversity officers on college and university campuses. About 80 had the chief diversity officer (CDO) title.
Historical background.
The chief diversity officer serves in an executive level leadership role. According to Billy E. Vaughn, PhD, a history of cultural diversity pioneer work conducted by university professors, cultural diversity consultants, and human resource officers precedes the chief diversity officer. Less than 20 percent of Fortune 500 companies employed diversity officers in 2005, but that number has grown considerably since then. Only recently has there been discussion about the appropriate background education and credentials the diversity officer needs. In the business sector, the role remains tied to human resource management functions. Higher education chief diversity officers tend to have doctoral degrees. The future of the role will be largely determined by the same conditions that have given rise to the profession—changing demographics.
Research & Scholarship.
Dr. Damon A. Williams, a key contributor to the national conversation of strategic diversity leadership, Chief Diversity Officer, and Faculty Member at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and Dr. Katrina Wade-Golden, Senior Research Scientist at the University of Michigan Office of Academic Multicultural Initiatives conducted a major national study of chief diversity officers, with a specific focus on the emergence of these roles in college and universities. This study included over 200 hours of audio recorded interviews, document analysis of more than 1,500 documents and a national survey of over 2500 organizations.
In their research, Williams and Wade-Golden (2008) tackle some of the following questions: What is a chief diversity officer? How are their capabilities designed? How can they play a key role in developing and delivering the diversity goals and objectives of the institutions they serve? Their innovative study resulted in an overarching framework for defining and designing the CDO role by presenting a more conceptually sophisticated and empirically grounded explication of the CDO role, than what has existed in the past
“With this monograph, we really wanted to infuse discipline and clarity into the process of developing chief diversity officer capabilities in higher education and eventually across all organizations,” said Williams. “Too often, presidents are forced to reinvent the wheel because they don't have a solid grasp of the who, what, and how of the CDO. With this monograph, and our impending book, we have hopefully made a contribution that higher education leaders can innovate from as they develop dynamic diversity capabilities at their respective institutions.” 
“The prolific emergence of this capability within higher education is in accord with key societal trends to move the diversity and inclusion discussion from the periphery to the center,” added Wade-Golden. “It also underscores the critical importance for leadership to capitalize on this significant moment in time by giving deep consideration to the type of individual to fulfill the role within a specific institutional context, and equipping that officer with the requisite level of resources to accomplish their work with excellence.”
"One of the key findings of our research on the role of campus diversity officers is that no officer alone can singularly direct campus-diversity efforts; collaboration is essential. Anyone who envisions the officer as leading a cavalry charge like John Wayne is missing the importance of building a consensus and relationships." While some officers may have several units under their direct authority, none has full responsibility for all hiring, leadership development and training, strategic planning for diversity,recruitment and retention, and the myriad of other areas related to an organization's diversity agenda.
They concluded that the most committed organizations have designed chief diversity officer roles that provide overarching strategic leadership to their organization's diversity agenda and play a key role in the highest levels of strategy, decision making,priority setting, and action. These senior officers range in title, from Vice President of Diversity, Special Assistant to the President, to Vice Chancellor for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, and numerous others with each serving as their institution's chief diversity officer.
Indeed within many organization's, the highest ranking diversity leader was termed CDO, regardless of title or rank, even if they were at the director, or program coordinator levels and had very little access to senior leadership and the process of creating enterprise wide strategy. Williams and Wade-Golden have a new study across corporate, higher education, government, and non-profit organizations underway. This new research will partially be presented in their upcoming book, "The Chief Diversity Officer: Strategy, Structure, and Change Management" expected in Fall 2009 with Stylus Publishing Press.
In the article, History of Diversity Trainers and Its Pioneers, Billy E. Vaughn, PhD,
Dr. Damon A. Williams authored Strategic Diversity Leadership: Activating Change and Transformation in Higher Education and The Chief Diversity Officer: Strategy, Structure, and Change Management. These two books, in addition to the The Role of the Chief Diversity Officer in Academic Medicine also by Damon A Williams provide much needed research based insight into the role of chief diversity officers across organizational life, offering for the first time, a more full discussion of their definition, competencies, principles for organizational design, and best-practice characteristics.
Evolution of the Diversity Management Field.
The roles and responsibilities are as varied as the titles. In general, the major responsibilities are to promote diversity and inclusion and increase cultural diversity in the organization. The diversity officer profession is a product of the changing demands and growth of the body of knowledge in the diversity management field as noted in the article, The History of Diversity training & its Pioneers.
As Williams and Wade Golden note, "It seems likely that change and diversity will be permanent characteristics of the 21st century. The rise of the global economy has led to corporations' seeking employees from different backgrounds and experiences who can work with and lead diverse groups. Social-science research reveals changing demographics and demonstrates the importance of diversity to learning and organizational performance."
As these trends grow more powerful, the diversity professional leadership role will continue to grow as diversity is even more intentionally integrated into strategy, structure, workforce development, marketing and advertising,

</doc>
<doc id="19541588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541588" title="The Oxfordshire Golf Club">
The Oxfordshire Golf Club

The Oxfordshire Golf Club is a golf resort in England, that is located Southwest of Thame, Oxfordshire.
It is owned by Leaderboard Golf along with 4 other golfing venues in the South East including Dale Hill Golf Club Wadhurst, East Sussex, Sandford Springs Golf Club near Basingstoke and Newbury, Chart Hills Golf Club near Ashford in Kent and The Leaderboard Golf Centre in Reading.
History.
After Paul Gibbons sold his shares in Hurst Publishing and Auto Trader, he created the Leaderboard brand and negotiated the purchase of The Oxfordshire Hotel and Golf Club.
The golf course was designed by eminent American golf course architect Rees Jones, and has hosted many prestigious tournaments including the Benson & Hedges International Open between 1996 and 1999, and the Brabazon Trophy in 2005.
As with other Leaderboard owned courses, The Oxfordshire regularly plays host to high profile golfing events which are televised on Sky Sports such as the Four Nations Golf Challenge 2011.
Like the other Leaderboard courses, it is part of Leaderboard Golf’s ‘Premier Golf Alliance’ with other high profile golfing venues like La Manga in Spain and Gleneagles in Scotland.
The course was recently voted into the 'Top 100 Golf Courses in England' in the publication Today's Golfer.
In July 2010, Leaderboard opened a new luxury Spa and Hotel at The Oxfordshire. 

</doc>
<doc id="19541595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541595" title="Up &amp; Away (Gregory Douglass album)">
Up &amp; Away (Gregory Douglass album)

Up & Away is a 2006 album from indie-rock artist Gregory Douglass. "Hang Around" was given a music video and was released on YouTube.
Track listing.
All songs by Gregory Douglass. 

</doc>
<doc id="19541601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541601" title="Sam Stone">
Sam Stone

Sam Stone is a British author of gothic, horror and fantasy fiction, and is the commissioning editor of Telos Publishing imprint Telos Moonrise. Stone's debut novel "Gabriele Caccini" (authored as Paigan Stone) won the silver award for best horror novel 2007 with "ForeWord" in the USA. She was shortlisted for the August Derleth Award for Best Novel in the British Fantasy Awards for her second novel, "Futile Flame". This book was also a finalist in "ForeWord"'s Book Of The Year Awards in 2009 and the third book in the series, "Demon Dance", was also a finalist for the 2010 Foreword magazine Awards and won the August Derleth Award for Best Novel in the British Fantasy Awards 2011. This made her the first female writer to win the Award since Tanith Lee did so in 1980. However, after the awards were announced, there was controversy over the voting and so Stone publicly returned the Award, not wishing to be associated with something which might have been awarded erroneously. The BFS then declared that the voting was valid, but then in a later statement announced that the Best Novel would be declared a 'No Award' for that year. Stone was not consulted in this decision. She also won the Best Short Story Award in the British Fantasy Awards in the same year.
In August 2012 Telos Publishing issued a press release announcing the forthcoming audio of Stone's horror collection - Zombies In New York. Telos also published her Steampunk/Horror Novella Zombies At Tiffany's.
Early life and education.
The youngest of seven children, Stone was born in Manchester, England, which forms the partial backdrop of her novel "Killing Kiss" and is the common location of the Vampire Gene Trilogy. She graduated with a BA (Hons) in "English and Writing for Performance" at University of Bolton, a "PGCE" at Manchester University and her "MA in Creative Writing" also at Bolton. "Gabriele Caccini" was originally written as her dissertation, and published under the pen name Paigan Stone.
Stone's novel was re-edited and re-released as "Killing Kiss" in September 2008 by The House of Murky Depths. Writer Tanith Lee gave a quote for the back of the book which said : "A deceptively readable date with darkness – watch your step! This book is lit for the much more discerning chick (and cock) who likes to walk in the shadows. Relax with it, but be prepared for sudden jewels and little masterpieces – and the rug to be pulled from under your feet."
In 2011 a short story collection, "Zombies in New York and Other Bloody Jottings", was published by Telos Publishing. The collection was later picked up in October 2012 by AudioGo. Stone has since gone on to publish two more books with Telos Publishing, "Zombies At Tiffany's" (August 2012) and "Kat on a Hot Tin Airship"(August 2013). This year it was also announced that she was involved in a Doctor Who spin-off film "White Witch of Devil's End" which is due to be released in November 2013.
Novels and Writing Credits.
Novels
Novellas 
Collections
Audio
Screenplays
Short Stories
Editorial Credits

</doc>
<doc id="19541657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541657" title="Alex Arion">
Alex Arion

Alex Pliakos (born September 28, 1977) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name "The Golden Greek" Alex Arion. Alex primarily competes in Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions; such as, Chaotic Wrestling, the East Coast Wrestling Alliance, Eastern Pro Wrestling, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, New England Championship Wrestling and Top Rope Promotions. He has also made several appearances for Ring of Honor and the World Wrestling Federation.
Career.
Early career (1997-2001).
Trained at the "Bodyslammers Wrestling Gym" by Al Snow and Steve Bradley, Pliakas made his professional debut in 1997. Wrestling under the name "The Golden Greek" Alex Arion, he spent over three years on the independent circuit, including the Century Wrestling Alliance (or NWA New England) and Pennsylvania Championship Wrestling, prior to wrestling for New England Championship Wrestling in early-2000. In 2001, Arion appeared on the April 14 edition "WWF Jakked" in a tag team match with Lo Ki against Perry Saturn and Dean Malenko.
Chaotic Wrestling and New England Championship Wrestling (2002-2007).
In March 2002, Arion defeated "Brutal" Bob Evans for the NECW Heavyweight Championship and held it for 9 months before losing the title to Maverick Wild on December 20, 2002. That same year, he also wrestled in Green Mountain Wrestling. Winning the GMW King of the Mountain Television Championship, he defended the title against Justin Powers and Fred Curry, Jr. at the GMW Dojo.
He also made a brief appearance in Ring of Honor facing Maverick Wild at "ROH Invades Boston" on August 24. Manager Prince Nana also accompanied him to ringside in his match against Dunn a few weeks later. The match was originally scheduled to be a tag team match, however Nana suffered a concussion at "ROH Road to the Title" and was unable to compete. Arion defeated Dunn with a superfly splash in under two minutes and, afterwards, Prince Nana made an offer to Arion to become his servant. Arion seemingly agreed and went to shine his shoes but instead hit Nana with a superkick. On November 16, he teamed with Don Juan and Fast Eddie in a 6-man tag team match against The Carnage Crew at "ROH Scramble Madness" held at the Americal Civic Center in Wakefield, Massachusetts.
In early-2003, he made his last appearance for Ring of Honor defeating Hot Stuff Hernandez on March 15. He also participated in the 2003 ECWA Super 8 Tournament being eliminated by Paul London in the opening rounds in Wilmington, Delaware. He would also team and later feud with his kayfabe brother Frankie Arion.
On June 17, 2004, Arion faced Michael Sain for the NECW Heavyweight Championship at NECW's Fan Appreciation Night at the Goodtime Emporium in Somerville, Massachusetts. This was their second meeting, their previous match ending in controversy when outside interference by Sein's manager Alex Crowley caused Arion to lose the match. By March 2005, he was also managed by Crowley.
In April 2005, Arion wrestled Fred Curry, Jr. in Framingham, Massachusetts to for a title shot against then NECW Triple Crown Heavyweight Champion Chris Venom. This show was part of NECW's "Spring Breakthrough Tour" which also held shows in Seekonk and Somerville, Massachusetts. He lost to Curry one year later at Defiant Pro Wrestling's "Scorned" held at the Naugatuck Portuguese Club in Naugatuck, Connecticut on April 16, 2006.
Appearing in Top Rope Promotions during the fall, he eventually joined Arch Kincaid and Max Bauer in the "heel" stable Intellectual Properties on December 1. He replaced Thomas Penmanship, an original member, who had turned on the group the same night. Teaming with Max Bauer, while Arch Kincaid settled into a managerial role, the two feuded with The Logan Brothers throughout the next year.
Arion faced newly crowned NECW Triple Crown Heavyweight Champion DC Dillinger in his first title defense in Brockton, Massachusetts on March 3, 2007. On May 18, he also challenged Chaotic Wrestling New England Champion Brian Fury but failed to win the title. At "NECW Global Impact" the following month, defeated to "Sensational" Scott Reed on June 30. Max Bauer and TJ Richter attempted to attack Arion after the match but was stopped by NECW officials who threatened them with suspension. Arion then confronted the three challenging Richter to a singles match to allow his brother Frankie Arion, who had been forced to leave the promotion 10 months earlier, to return to NECW. Richter instead proposed a gauntlet match in which he would have to defeat all three men or retire from wrestling which Arion accepted.
On July 20, he won the gauntlet match defeating Scott Reed, Max Bauer (via disqualification) and TJ Richter to officially reinstate his brother. Following his victory, Frankie Arion entered the ring and embraced his brother. He and Frankie Arion later defeated DNA (T.J. Richter and Max Bauer), accompanied by Scott Reed, at NECW's "Birthday Bash" on August 18. He also received rematches against Brian Fury for the Chaotic Wrestling Heavyweight title defeated him by disqualification on September 7. Weeks later in NECW, he and Jason Blade lost to The Forgotten.
He and Max Bauer began teaming as Big Business and, October 19, they defeated Bryan Logan & Brian Fury. The following night, Arion won the New England Heavyweight Championship from Logan but lost to him two weeks later. On November 3, he also wrestled Bob Evans for the EPW Heavyweight Championship. In late-December, Arion took part in the NECW's annual "Toxic Waltz" tournament in which the loser of every match picks the opponent for the winner. Arion defeated "Die Hard" Eddie Edwards in the first round before losing to D.C. Dillinger. He and Brian Fury teamed together to defeat Max Bauer in Syracuse, New York on December 29, 2007.
Recent years (2008-present).
On January 19, 2008, he and Bobby Fish lost to Sabotage (Eddie Edwards & DC Dillinger) and to Bob Evans in a rematch for the EPW Heavyweight title several days later. On January 28, Arion teamed with Max Bauer, Brian Fury and Bobby Fish in an 8-man survival match against NECW Triple Crown champion Rick Fuller, Antonio Thomas, DC Dillinger and Eddie Edwards in the main event at "NECW Snowbrawl". Although his team won the match, Arion was eliminated when he was pinned by Eddie Edwards.
On March 29, he was accompanied by his sister Elektra Arion who was at ringside during his match against Scotty Osbourne at "NECW March Badness". That same month, he beat Antonio Thomas at a show for Eastern Pro Wrestling. Arion later replaced Thomas in the 5th annual Iron 8 tournament. Defeating "The Japanese Terror" Kahagas in the first round, he later won the tournament pinning the previous winner Eddie Edwards in the finals. A four-way match, the other wrestlers involved were Scott Osborne and Gran Akuma. On June 6, he defeated Bryan Logan for the Chaotic Wrestling Heavyweight Championship in Lowell, Massachusetts. He held both the Heavyweight and New England championships for two months until being forced to forfeit the New England title to Scott Reed on August 15. On September 20, Arion made a special appearance at NECW's show "Autumn Unleashed" as guest referee in the main event between Max Bauer and D.C. Dillinger for the NECW Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19541661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541661" title="Egnatia Street, Thessaloniki">
Egnatia Street, Thessaloniki

Egnatia Street () is the main commercial street in downtown Thessaloniki. The road is named for the Roman-era Via Egnatia which passed near the town. Lined with shops and office buildings, it is one of the busiest streets of Thessaloniki.

</doc>
<doc id="19541662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541662" title="Yousuf Shaaban">
Yousuf Shaaban

Yousuf Shaaban Al-Busaidi commonly known as Yousuf Shaaban (; born 4 November 1984) is an Omani footballer who plays for Dhofar. He represented the national team in both the 2004 and 2007 Asian Cups wearing the number 11 jersey.
Club career.
He began his career with the Omani giants Dhofar and played with them for a total of 5 seasons. In 2011, he moved to Seeb based club Al-Shabab SC and played for two seasons scoring 6 goals. On 24th September 2013, Yousuf signed a contract with his first and former club Dhofar.

</doc>
<doc id="19541668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541668" title="KXTQ-CA">
KXTQ-CA

KXTQ-CA is the Telemundo affiliate for Lubbock, Texas. The station broadcasts on analog channel 46 and digitally on KLCW-TV's third digital subchannel. KXTQ is owned and operated by Ramar Communications, who also operates KJTV-TV, KLCW, and KUPT.
KXTQ produces newscasts at 5 p.m. and 10 p.m. Monday through Friday; they are the only local Spanish-language productions in the market.
The website for KXTQ-CA is http://www.telemundolubbock.com/default.aspx where an individual may find local news in the Spanish language.

</doc>
<doc id="19541716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541716" title="Dean Miller (album)">
Dean Miller (album)

Dean Miller is the self-titled debut album of American country music artist Dean Miller. It was released in 1997 on Capitol Records Nashville. Three singles were released from it: "Nowhere, USA", "My Heart's Broke Down (But My Mind's Made Up)", and "Wake Up and Smell the Whiskey", which was previously recorded by Brett James on his 1995 self-titled debut. Respectively, these three songs reached numbers 54, 67, and 57 on the Hot Country Songs charts. The track "I Feel Bad" features a spoken-word intro by radio host Ralph Emery.
Following this album's release, Miller left Capitol and signed in 2002 to Universal South Records, where he released three more singles for an unreleased album, entitled "Just Me". His third album, "Platinum", was finally issued in 2005 on Audium Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="19541797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541797" title="Brannoch">
Brannoch

Brannoch may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19541813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541813" title="Network detector">
Network detector

Network detectors or network discovery software are computer programs that facilitate detection of wireless LANs using the 802.11b, 802.11a and 802.11g WLAN standards. Discovering networks may be done through active as well as passive scanning.
Active scanning.
Active scanning is done through sending multiple probe requests and recording the probe responses. The probe response received normally contains BSSID and WLAN SSID. If SSID broadcasting has been turned off however, and active scanning is the only type of scanning supported by the software, no networks will show up. An example of an active scanner is NetStumbler.
Passive scanning.
Passive scanning is not done by active probing, but by mere listening to any data sent out by the AP. Once a legitimate user connects to the AP, the AP will eventually send out a SSID in cleartext. By impersonating this AP by automatic altering of the MAC address, the computer running the network discovery scanner will be given this SSID by legitimate users. Passive scanners include Kismet and essid jack (a program under AirJack).
Notable programs.
Notable programs include Network Stumbler, Kismet, Lumeta Corporation,Aerosol, AirMagnet, MacStumbler, Ministumbler, Mognet, NetChaser, perlskan, Wireless Security Auditor, Wlandump, PocketWarrior, pocketWinc, Prismstumbler, Sniff-em, AiroPeek, Airscanner, AP Scanner, AP Radar, Apsniff, BSD-Airtools, dstumbler, gtk-scanner, gWireless, iStumbler, KisMAC, Sniffer Wireless, THC-Scan, THC-Wardrive, WarGlue, WarKizniz, Wellenreiter, Wi-Scan and WiStumbler.

</doc>
<doc id="19541831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541831" title="Eric Knell">
Eric Knell

Knell was educated at Trinity College, Oxford and ordained in 1929. Beginning his ministry with a curacy at "St Barnabas, Southfields" he was successively: Domestic Chaplain to the Bishop of Lincoln; Priest in charge of the "Trinity College, Oxford, Mission" in Stratford; Vicar of "Emmanuel, Forest Gate", then "Christ Church, Reading"; and finally, before his elevation to the Episcopate, Archdeacon of Berkshire. In 1972 he retired to Lingfield and continued to serve the Church as an Assistant Bishop within the Diocese of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="19541836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541836" title="Typical (album)">
Typical (album)

Typical is a live album by Peter Hammill, recorded in 1992 and released in 1999. It is a double CD and was released on Hammill's own Fie! label. The album was recorded at nine concerts in Austria, Germany, the Netherlands and Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19541856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541856" title="The Poet and the Little Mother">
The Poet and the Little Mother

The Poet and the Little Mother () is a 1959 Danish family film directed by Erik Balling and starring Henning Moritzen. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19541863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541863" title="Farman NC.470">
Farman NC.470

The Farman NC.470 (also known as the Centre N.C-470 when Farman was nationalised to form SNCAC) was a French twin-engined floatplane designed as a crew trainer for the French Navy. It was used in small numbers for both its intended role as a trainer and as a coastal reconnaissance aircraft at the start of World War II.
Development and design.
In 1935, the Farman Aviation Works designed as a private venture the F-470, a twin-engined floatplane intended to be used as a crew trainer by the French Navy. A production order for ten aircraft was placed on 8 March 1936, it being intended that these aircraft would use spare floats left over from now retired Farman F.168 torpedo bombers.
In 1936, Farman was nationalised, and merged with Hanriot to form the Société Nationale de Constructions Aéronautiques du Centre or SNCAC. The prototype, now redesignated NC-470, first flew, with a temporary wheeled undercarriage, on 27 December 1937.
The NC.470 was a twin-engined high-winged monoplane of mixed metal and wood construction, with two radial engines mounted on low mounted stub wings. It had a slab sided fuselage, housing the crew of two pilots in a tandem cockpit, a navigator/bombardier in the nose and a radio operator, flight engineer and gunner in the rear fuselage. The aircraft was designed to carry an armament of a single Darne machine gun on an open dorsal cockpit, together with up to 200 kg (440 lb) of bombs.
The first order for 10 NC.470s was completed by mid-1939, together with a single example of the NC.471, powered by a different model of Gnome et Rhône radial engine. Further orders brought production of the NC.470 to a total of 34.
Operational history.
While intended as a crew trainer, a shortage of coastal reconnaissance aircraft resulted in NC.470s being drafted into this role, with three NC-470s and the sole NC-471 being used together with three CAMS 55 flying boats to equip "Escadrille 3S4" at Berre in August 1939. The NC-470 was also used by the aircrew training school at Hourtin. Fourteen aircraft were captured by Germany during the occupation of Southern France in November 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19541874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541874" title="Wilfrid Norman Bailey">
Wilfrid Norman Bailey

Wilfrid Norman Bailey (born 5 September 1893 Consett, Durham; died 23 October 1961, Eastbourne) was a mathematician who introduced Bailey's lemma and Bailey pairs into the theory of basic hypergeometric series. Bailey chains and Bailey transforms are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19541876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541876" title="Dallas Derby Devils">
Dallas Derby Devils

The Dallas Derby Devils (DDD) is an all-female flat track roller derby league in Dallas, Texas and surrounding area of Ft. Worth, Texas. Founded in November 2004, the Dallas Derby Devils is the original North Texas roller derby league with a current roster of 100+ active skaters, making DDD one of the largest flat track derby league in the south United States. The Dallas Derby Devils are an original member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA), a national governing body of flat track leagues that are skater owned and operated, founded in November 2005.
The Dallas Derby Devils have completed sell-out home seasons since 2006 featuring the five home teams that comprise the league; The Death Row Rumblers, The High Seas Hotties, The Slaugherers, The Suicide Shifters, and The Wrecking Crew. Skaters of these five teams make up an All-Star Travel Team for the Dallas Derby Devils, the Army of Darkness, that compete in interleague play against other WFTDA member leagues. All “bouts” are held at the NYTEX Sports Centre in North Richland Hills, Texas. 
The Dallas Derby Devils is a skater-owned and skater-operated Domestic Non-Profit organization.
Teams.
Dallas Derby Devils Army of Darkness All-Star Travel Team.
Formerly known as Hell Razors

</doc>
<doc id="19541915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541915" title="Animated Conversations">
Animated Conversations

Animated Conversations was a series of British shorts by Bill Mather and Colin Thomas and shown on BBC Four.

</doc>
<doc id="19541918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541918" title="Stoke railway station">
Stoke railway station

Stoke railway station was a station in Stoke-by-Clare, Suffolk.It opened in 1865 and closed in 1967

</doc>
<doc id="19541931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541931" title="Emin Azizov">
Emin Azizov

Emin Azizov (born on December 29, 1984) is a male freestyle wrestler from Azerbaijan. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In the 1/16 of final he beat Swiss Grégory Sarrasin, but lost in the next round with Leonid Spiridonov and was eliminated from competition. 
He won a bronze medal at 2008 European Wrestling Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19541961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541961" title="HRT 1">
HRT 1

HRT 1 (HTV 1, ""Prvi program"") is a Croatian public mainstream TV channel operated by HRT. Its varied line-up contains all kinds of programming (documentary, history, school, mosaic, news, sitcoms, movies, talk-shows, game-shows).

</doc>
<doc id="19541982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541982" title="Samuel Henderson (Indianapolis mayor)">
Samuel Henderson (Indianapolis mayor)

Samuel Henderson (b c.1800 – d. 1883) was the first mayor of Indianapolis, Indiana. The first mayoral election was held on April 24, 1847 and Henderson, a member of the Whig Party, took office on May 1. He served a two-year term.

</doc>
<doc id="19541987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19541987" title="Onkel Bill fra New York">
Onkel Bill fra New York

Onkel Bill fra New York is a 1959 Danish comedy film directed by Peer Guldbrandsen and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19542021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19542021" title="Platinum (Dean Miller album)">
Platinum (Dean Miller album)

Platinum is the title of the third studio album recorded, but only the second to be released, by American country music artist Dean Miller. It was released in 2005 on Koch Records. It followed an unreleased second album, "Just Me", which he recorded in 2002 for Universal South Records. "Platinum" produced only one non-charting single prior to the closure of Koch's country division. "I've Been a Long Time Leaving" was written by Miller's father, Roger Miller, and previously recorded by Waylon Jennings on his album "Dreaming My Dreams". The track "Right Now" was previously recorded by the short-lived band Rushlow on their 2003 album of the same name.

</doc>
