<doc id="19731915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731915" title="So, Who's Paranoid?">
So, Who's Paranoid?

"So, Who's Paranoid" is the tenth studio album from The Damned. Released in November 2008, it was their first album in seven years and to date is their last studio album. Musically, the album draws from the band's 80's Gothic rock sound.
Reception.
Guardian critic Dave Simpson thought it was their best album in a while and said the album "takes a lead from 1980's superb The Black Album by skipping through genres" and "fabulous pop anthems such as Perfect Sunday may find them a new audience even now." While Cameron Gordon, writing for CHARTattack, wasn't so kind. He said the album "blows", was "a really tedious album to absorb" and contains "either generic pop-punk blandness or self-indulgent silliness". Allmusic critic Mark Deming said " there is practically nothing on "So, Who's Paranoid?" that resembles punk rock as we know it", he suggested it was more likely to appeal to people who liked the band's later albums, like "Strawberries" and "Phantasmagoria"". Slant Magazine said it "rises above mediocrity" but Record Collector said it was a "beautifully controlled blend of melody and dynamic".

</doc>
<doc id="19731917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731917" title="Pretty Boy (comics)">
Pretty Boy (comics)

Pretty Boy is a super villain in the Marvel Comics Universe. He first appeared in "Uncanny X-Men" #229 (May 1988) and was created by Chris Claremont and Marc Silvestri.
Pretty Boy.
The cyborg Pretty Boy was a member of the original Reavers, a gang of cyborgs living in a ghost town in Australia, who perpetrated robberies across the globe. When robbing a bank in Hong Kong, Pretty Boy took Jessan Hoan hostage and brought her back to the Reavers' Australian base where he began to alter Jessan's mind so that she would join the team as their financial expert. The X-Men arrived and battled the Reavers, interrupting the process and freeing Jessan. 
Pretty Boy, Bonebreaker and Skullbuster, fled and avoided being sent through the Siege Perilous with the other Reavers. 
Under the leadership of Donald Pierce, the remaining Reavers allied themselves with Lady Deathstrike and her minions and began training to defeat the X-Men. The Reavers never ended up battling the X-Men but encountered Wolverine, beat him half to death, and then crucified him.
After Wolverine escaped, the Reavers attacked Muir Island where they battled the Muir Island X-Men and Freedom Force, killing Sunder and Stonewall before being defeated. After the Muir island massacre, Pretty Boy and the other Reavers continued to attack various heroes and mutants such as Wolverine, Rogue, and the Punisher as well as Emma Frost's factories. As part of the Upstarts' competition, Trevor Fitzroy sent his Sentinel to attack Pierce and the Reavers. The Sentinels arrived in Australia and quickly dispatched the Reavers.
Pretty Boy was among the other Reavers reassembled by Pierce and the Shadow King, who attacked the X-treme X-Men. While battling Sage, he pinned her to the ground and attempted to reprogram her brain with the circuitry in his own. Sage proved to have the stronger will and better training and she turned Pretty Boy's programming back on him, using his own link. Under Sage's control, Prettyboy helped the X-Men defeat the Reavers and was then handed over to the police.
Powers and abilities.
Like the other members of the Reavers, Pretty Boy is a cyborg and has bionic implants that augment strength, leaping, stamina, and reflexes beyond the levels of a normal human. 
The implants of Pretty Boy also include extendible cybernetic limbs, retractable capture coils in his chest, electroshocks, and filaments released from his eyes that enter the minds of others, altering their personality to whatever Pretty Boy desires. They can also pass through computer networks or telephone lines, allowing him to see what is at the other end. 
The personality change induced by Pretty Boy caused Jessan Hoan to become Tyger Tiger the crime lord of Madripoor.

</doc>
<doc id="19731920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731920" title="Derek Ho">
Derek Ho

Derek Ho (born September 26, 1964) is an American surfer who won the world surfing championship in 1993. Ho was born in Kailua, Hawaii. He began surfing at the age of three, and won the world title at age 29. Derek Ho is the brother of Michael Ho, another American champion surfer, and the second cousin of Don Ho, the legendary Hawaiian singer.

</doc>
<doc id="19731921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731921" title="S. E. Hinton bibliography">
S. E. Hinton bibliography

Susan Eloise Hinton (better known as S. E. Hinton) is an American author who is best known for writing young adult fiction. "The Outsiders" was Hinton's first published book in 1967; Hinton wrote the book at the age of seventeen. Hinton based the characters, the Greasers and the Socs, off of teenage gangs and alienated youth in her hometown of Tulsa, Oklahoma during the 1960s. "The Outsiders" has sold over fourteen million copies since it was published. In 1983, "The Outsiders" became a movie, and was later released onto DVD. After experiencing a writer's block and going into a state of depression, Hinton met somebody in her freshmen biology class, who inspired her to continue writing.
Hinton followed the advice given to her and wrote her second novel, "That Was Then, This Is Now" in 1971. Following that, she wrote her shortest novel, "Rumble Fish"; it was published in 1975 after she had published a short story version in a 1968 edition of University of Tulsa's "Alumni Magazine". Four years later in 1979, "Tex" was published and would be Hinton's last book for nine years as she devoted her time to raise her child. Hinton's next novel "Taming the Star Runner" was her first book that wasn't written in first-person point-of-view. Seven years after "Taming the Star Runner", Hinton released her first children's book, "Big David, Little David", which followed with the release of "The Puppy Sister" in 1995. In 2004, "Hawkes Harbor", Hinton's first adult novel, was released. Hinton's most recent book, "Some of Tim's Stories", was published in 2007 and is Hinton's third children's book. Overall, Hinton has written nine published books.
Hinton has won many awards for her books. Hinton has won the "ALA Best Books for Young Adults Award" four times; she won the award for "That Was Then, This Is Now" (in 1971), "Rumble Fish" (in 1975) and for "Tex" and "Taming the Star Runner" (in 1979). Hinton has also won a "School Library Journal Best Books of the Year Award" for "Rumble Fish" (in 1975), and "Tex" and "Taming the Star Runner" (in 1979). In 1979, Hinton received three other awards for both "Tex" and "Taming the Star Runner". Hinton's first and only award for a children's book is the "Parent's Choice Silver Honor Book Award," which she won for "The Puppy Sister". Overall, Hinton has won 19 awards from 21 nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="19731923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731923" title="Rays (Michael Nesmith album)">
Rays (Michael Nesmith album)

Rays is an album by Michael Nesmith, released in 2006. 2000 limited edition numbered copies were produced of the album. Nesmith described the album as a cinematic journey of sound with elements of swing, jazz and instrumental funk that forms what he calls "New Century Modern".
The album cover is a comic strip drawn by Drew Friedman and features Nesmith "driving" through five stages of his life with a quest to looking to fill his "appetite": 1) His earlier career in The Monkees, where he is seen driving a Pontiac GTO and wearing his signature knit-cap; 2) His career as the frontman of the First National Band, driving a Jeep; 3) His "Elephant Parts"-era career, where he is seen driving a pink Cadillac (referring to his song, "Eldorado to the Moon"); 4) His later life as an author, entrepreneur and philanthropist, driving a Rolls Royce and asking, "where am I?"; 5) And in the center of the cartoon, Nesmith is sitting peacefully under a tree on a hill, content with himself, stating, "suddenly, I’m not as hungry as I’d thought".
Track listing.
All songs written by Michael Nesmith.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="19731926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731926" title="Polish Youth Olympic Days">
Polish Youth Olympic Days

Polish Youth Olympic Days ("Ogólnopolska Olimpiada Młodzieży"), are Polish national games for the children and young adults that have been organised yearly since 1995. The games are held in four categories of sport:

</doc>
<doc id="19731933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731933" title="Malava Constituency">
Malava Constituency

Malava Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Kakamega District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19731938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731938" title="Grass (TV series)">
Grass (TV series)

Grass is a sitcom starring Simon Day which originally aired in 2003 on BBC Three. Day plays Billy Bleach, a Londoner and pub know-it-all who is relocated to Norfolk in rural England under a witness protection program after he witnesses a gangland killing. The series was a spin off from "The Fast Show".

</doc>
<doc id="19731944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731944" title="1998 Detroit Shock season">
1998 Detroit Shock season

The 1998 WNBA season was the 1st for the Detroit Shock. The team had an 0-4 start, but by season’s end they missed out on a postseason berth by just one game in the standings.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; FG = Field Goals; MIN= Minutes; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="19731945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731945" title="Mount Alice">
Mount Alice

Mount Alice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19731960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731960" title="Malene Schwartz">
Malene Schwartz

Malene Schwartz (born 10 August 1936) is a Danish film actress. She has appeared in 38 films since 1955. In the TV series Matador she played the role of Maude Varnæs.
She was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19731967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731967" title="Andy Mulliner">
Andy Mulliner

Andrew "Andy" Mulliner (born 3 January 1971) is an English-born Welsh former football goalkeeper who is the Academy goalkeeper coach at Birmingham City.
He spent most of his career in Welsh football, where his 481 game tally in the Welsh Football League is a record for a goalkeeper. He also held the record of the most appearances for TNS, with 266 appearances between 1993 and 1999. This followed brief spells in English football with Telford United, Accrington Stanley, and Curzon Ashton. His career after leaving TNS saw him keep goal for Aberystwyth Town, Rhyl, Bangor City, Connah's Quay Nomads, Newtown, Caersws, Welshpool Town, Ellesmere Rangers, and Airbus UK. He has worked as a goalkeeping coach for Shrewsbury Town, Port Vale, Wolverhampton Wanderers Academy, Kidderminster Harriers, Bury, Stockport County and The New Saints. He has completed his UEFA A Licence outfield and his FA A Licence Goalkeeping coaching qualifications, having previously completed his 'B' licence in both outfield play and goalkeeping.
Playing career.
Mulliner started his career as a reserve player at Port Vale, though he never made a first team appearance for the club or indeed in the Football League. Despite this, in 1988 he won a cap for the Wales under-18 side in a match against Northern Ireland.
After leaving Port Vale, he joined Telford United, appearing once on Boxing Day 1989 in a 3–1 victory at Aggborough. At the start of the 1990–91 season he joined Bangor City playing in the Northern Premier League before dropping down a division to join Accrington Stanley. The following season he joined Curzon Ashton, before joining Llansantffraid in January 1992, who were playing in the Cymru Alliance.
He first appeared in the Welsh Premier League with Llansantffraid in the 1993–94 season – the second season of the league's establishment. He played 31 league games for the club that season, as well as one on loan at Aberystwyth Town. Staying with Llansantffraid for the following five seasons, he played a further 182 league games for the club and was present when they changed their name to Total Network Solutions.
Between 8 August 1995 and 18 October 1997, Mulliner played 117 consecutive competitive matches for the club, including the 1996 Welsh Cup final, which was the last competitive game to be played at the Cardiff Arms Park. In that final he was blamed for two of Barry Town's three goals, but became the hero by saving two of Town's penalties in the shoot-out. During his time the club were solid mid-table performers. He was not there for their league winning season of 1999–2000, having moved on to Rhyl. He also represented the League of Wales in a game against the League of Ireland, and was also capped at semi-professional level in a game against England in 1996.
He spent the 2000–01 season with Bangor City, making 27 league appearances. He then had brief spells with Connah's Quay Nomads, Bangor City (again), Aberystwyth Town and Newtown before playing 22 games of Connah's Quay 2001–02 season. In 2002 he settled with Caersws and spent the next seven seasons at the Recreation Ground, making close to 200 league appearances. During the 2003–04 and 2004–05 seasons his team reached fifth place, a personal best for Mulliner. He joined Welshpool Town in August 2008 and made seven league and four cup appearances in the 2008–09 season. He moved on to Ellesmere Rangers in July 2009, ending a run of sixteen years of playing in the Welsh league. This ended his 481 game tally in the Welsh Football League, a record for a goalkeeper. He achieved promotion with Ellesmere Rangers out of the West Midlands (Regional) League, and also helped them to victory in the Shropshire Challenge Cup, with a 3–1 win over Market Drayton at the New Meadow in Shrewsbury. In July 2010, Mulliner re-signed for former club Bangor City for a short while for their run in the UEFA Europa League, playing in Finland and Portugal. He then returned to Ellesmere Rangers for the start of the league season. He signed for Welsh Premier League side Airbus UK on August transfer deadline day for the 2011–12 season, making 11 league and two cup appearances before announcing his retirement following their 1–0 defeat to Aberystwyth Town in the Europa League play-offs.
Coaching career.
Mulliner served as assistant manager and player-goalkeeping coach at Ellesmere Rangers from 2009 to 2011. He has also worked as a goalkeeper coach at the Wolverhampton Wanderers academy (2006 to 2012), at Kidderminster Harriers (2006 to 2012), Shrewsbury Town (2006 to 2008) Shrewsbury School (2008 to 2012), Shrewsbury Sixth Form College (2007 onwards), The New Saints (2010 to 2012), Bury (2011), Port Vale (2011) and Stockport County (2011 to 2012). He was appointed as the Head of Academy goalkeeping at Birmingham City in June 2012, and also began working with the Wales under-19 team in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19731968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731968" title="Bad Mother Trucker">
Bad Mother Trucker

Bad Mother Trucker is an album by American punk rock band Ten Foot Pole.
Track listing.
All songs written by Dennis Jagard, except "Happy Daze" and "Shelter" by Kevin Ruggeri

</doc>
<doc id="19731980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731980" title="Amaharashi Station">
Amaharashi Station


</doc>
<doc id="19731992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19731992" title="Bolt (video game)">
Bolt (video game)

Bolt is a video game available for PC, Wii, Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Nintendo DS, and Microsoft Windows. It is based on the Disney film of the same name. It was released in North America on November 18, 2008. It was released in Australia on December 4, 2008. It was released in Europe on February 13, 2009. The video game was developed by Avalanche Software and published by Disney Interactive.
Synopsis.
Setting.
In the game, the player follows and controls the superdog Bolt and Penny on various missions taking place in the fictional universe from the movie. By using Bolt's superpowers, the player can fight enemies. New powers, such as Superbark and Laser Eyes, can be unlocked during the game. The levels are shared between Bolt and Penny. Bolt has superpowers, whereas Penny has maneuverability by using her Wheelbar. However, the game focuses on Bolt's fake TV life, not the actual movie storyline. Penny's father has been kidnapped by the evil Dr. Calico, and Penny and Bolt must travel through 5 different countries to rescue him.
All of this is actually on TV, and Rhino is watching a DVD pack of all the 25 "Bolt" episodes; possibly at the rural home at the end of the movie with Bolt's family (Penny, Mittens, Bolt himself, and Penny's mother). However, the player doesn't see Rhino, only hearing him. But on the Nintendo DS, you can play a mini-game called "Rhino's Mission", where you go through mazes and avoid obstacles, like cannons. And also, he had an introduction sequence in the game, where he was starting the DVD, saying it had 940 minutes worth of "Bolt" episodes, even though the game actually has 25. The player doesn't see the other 915 due to Rhino falling asleep at the end of the game.
Plot.
Penny's father has been captured by Calico and his organisation in an attempt to construct a powerful weapon of untold power. Penny and Bolt travel to Italy in an effort to find out more, but they get nowhere other than learning of Calico's location in Belize.
Calico finally manages to capture Penny once she and Bolt find his temple base in the Ukatan jungle. To prove Penny is alive and in custody to her father, Calico gives Penny a cell phone with her father on the other line. Calico then attempts to flee the crumbling temple with his new captive, but decides to leave her there with Bolt to die, saying, "As long as the professor believes she's alive, he will do what is asked and finish the weapon. Too bad we can't all have nine lives."
However, Penny and Bolt survive and discover Calico's new arctic base with a large rocket in the center. But upon entering, Penny notices micro-focusing mirrors and realizes that it is her father's satellite instead of a warhead. All too late as Calico seals the entrance and, to Bolt's horror, launches it with Penny inside screaming for help. Bolt then jumps onto the rocket and dismantles it in mid-flight, crashing it into the snow.
The two then ventured to Calico's harbor in China, (they find it out through a computer system) where they discover a ship full of warheads. Just then, Calico arrives at the harbor, enraged to find Penny still alive, and even more so as he watches his prized freight ship sink to the bottom, thanks to Bolt, who then pursues Calico, escaping in his car to a nearby train station. He arrives at the station and boards his train, closely followed by Penny and her dog. Just as the duo finally corners the doctor, he slips into a hidden room and escaped on his private jet. Not before Penny secures a homing beacon onto the hull, leading them right back to Calico's base.
Penny and Bolt trace his jet back to his main base, where Penny's father is being held. However, upon arriving, Calico tests his new weapon on Bolt, draining him of his powers and strength and capturing Penny, due to her emotions getting in the way of the mission. Once Penny is inside, he explains his plan to use Penny's father's micro focusing mirror-equipped satellites to bounce a beam around the Earth and neutralize all atomic weaponry except for his own, meaning he can nuke anyone, when he wants, how he wants. And as he leaves, he violently kicks Bolt's cage proving Penny of her limited knowledge. However, during this, Penny maneuvers her way out of her hand bindings.
Once free, she attempts to find her father to save Bolt. Unfortunately, she is only captured by Calico once again, just as Bolt regains his powers and Penny sabotages the control panel, however, raising the bridge so Bolt could reach her. Once he does, Penny escapes from her guard captors yet again and launched a pre-prepared, rocket powered cart at the main power generator (which Bolt exposed). Then, using what power remains in the generator, Calico duels with Bolt, using powerful lightning bursts. But after the lengthy and hard-fought battle, Bolt finally defeats him. Beaten and weakened, he attempts to escape on his private helicopter, launching numerous missiles as a decoy, just as Penny finally finds her father (aboard the helicopter). But while Bolt tries to apprehend Calico by grabbing his foot, Penny's father pleads to her and Bolt to allow Calico to escape with himself to stop the missiles, reminding her that she had the power to find him again. Regretfully, Penny orders Bolt to stop the missiles as Calico escaped with her father.
The game closes with an epilogue informing the player of Penny's continuing battle. Then, depending on the version, you either get a "tune in next week," style message or cut to Rhino's dialogue.
Gameplay.
Disney has released multiple versions for different game systems including Nintendo Wii, PC, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 2 and 3, but the Nintendo DS has a different feel and more of a 2D look to it. In addition, the DS version doesn't have character voices, but instead uses words across the screen to tell the user what the character's saying.
A mobile game was also released. The game was developed by Enorbus and Disney Mobile. The mobile version has a 2D look and 4 levels in three different locations, making for a total of 12 levels. The three different locations are (in order): L.A., Bolivia, and Dr. Calico's Secret Island. The player uses Bolt's Super Bark, Super Bite, and Super Speed to battle enemies and level bosses. One interesting difference between the various platforms are the "host" characters, or the lack therof. For instance, in the Wii edition, Rhino is the "host", appearing at the beginning and end of the game, and making comments when the "pause" button is selected. In the mobile game, Rhino and Mittens are both seen before and after each level as watching the "Bolt" TV show. And in the DS version, there's no "host" character to be seen (even though Rhino does get his own mini-game), but letters are displayed onscreen, informing the user on the storyline.
Powers.
In the game, Bolt has 12 powers:
These 4 other powers can be used once Bolt has picked up or jumped on an enemy.
Bolt can also earn the ability to unlock supercharged versions of his Super Bark, Ground Pound, and Laser Eyes, which stun or kill enemies much quicker and better and make the energy bar recharge much faster. The Dash Attack and Strong Attack will also put more force in the hit as well.
There are some stronger and larger enemies. Disky usually wears blue, but sometimes red. He uses large discs and disc-shaped bombs to his advantage. He throws them onto Bolt and Penny, then explodes after a few seconds. Bolt can use his invulnerability against them. Bolt can also use Super Speed to prevent the bomb getting on him. If the disc hits the ground, any enemy or Bolt that runs or walks right over it will get it on them. Sometimes if Bolt aims his Super Speed correctly, he can get the bomb onto an enemy, or can also quickly get into the middle of a ring of enemies and use the bomb to his advantage to stun or kill the surrounding enemies. Penny can use her wheelbar to prevent them getting on her, and then throw them back onto Disky for him to get stunned or killed. Penny can also take the bomb off her if she moves quickly. Disky also takes two discs and slams them together to form a huge force to push forward anything in front of him. Bolt can use Super Speed to pass quickly, but Disky's main weakness is Ground Pound, because since he uses his discs to rebel against most powers, and that it is because it is done on the ground instead of in front of him. Invulnerability will stun him, and then Bolt can use his Laser Eyes to stun him again in a row. Proddy is a female enemy who wears red and orange, and uses fire to her advantage. The most dangerous part about her is that she usually starts attacks from a far away distance, and jumps and slides across the ground to a far distance, hitting Penny or Bolt. She can also pound the ground and stun Bolt, unless Bolt uses his invulnerability. She also sometimes will spin and move forward at the same time and form a ring of fire that will stun Bolt. However, Bolt can use his Dash Attack or Strong Attack to hit her before he gets hit. Proddy also almost always rebels Dash Attack while she is just standing, so Strong Attack (with a single button) is her weakness. There is another very fat, large, and strong enemy that is possibly the hardest to defeat. He wears blue. He also has a very deep voice. He has massive strength. He can jump real high and pound the ground from over a very far distance. Bolt can either use his Super Speed to escape the pound or use invulnerability while staying close to the enemy. The enemy can also stomp on the ground with one foot and cause another very strong force similar to Disky's. He distinctively has the ability to form into a huge ball and roll over Bolt. He will chase Bolt; Bolt can use his Super Speed to escape, or his invulnerability or Laser Eyes to stop the rolling. He often rebels most powers. If Bolt uses Dash Attack or Strong Attack to many times and does not stop, he will be caught by the enemy and then thrown off hardly. The best way to stun him is to wait until he jumps, then use Invulnerability while he pounds the ground, and while the enemy still has his butt on the ground, Bolt can use Powers. If Bolt wants to pick him up, then he can only do it twice in a row before the enemy will start to rebel again. Supercharged ability is his main weakness, but in other terms, Invulnerability is. There is also Starry, who either wears yellow and black or blue with black, and is probably the most annoying enemy of all. He uses special material for hitting and throwing Bolt, and he has very quick movement. He can easily dodge Dash Attack, Strong Attack, and all the picking up actions (Toss, Throw, Hammer, Piledrive). He usually will need to be stunned first. Ground Pound and Super Bark can work to stun him, but Laser Eyes are easiest to use. If there is enough room, Bolt, however, can eventually pick him up (after the first Starry when Bolt does not have Laser Eyes) by quickly and repeatedly pressing the button that allows Bolt to pick up or get onto an enemy.
Reception.
Bolt received mixed reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="19732008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732008" title="Mulino">
Mulino

Mulino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19732011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732011" title="Gliese 832 b">
Gliese 832 b

Gliese 832 b (Gl 832 b or GJ 832 b) is an extrasolar planet located approximately 16 light-years away in the constellation of Grus, orbiting the star Gliese 832. This is the longest-period Jupiter-like planet orbiting around a red dwarf star. This planet takes 3416 days to revolve at an orbital distance of 3.4 AU. Despite been closer to its star than Jupiter is in our Solar System, it receives just 100 times more sunlight than of a full Moon as seen from Earth comparable to the brightness of the Sun at 80AU. This is because the parent star is a faint red dwarf star. This planet was discovered in Anglo-Australian Observatory on September 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19732042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732042" title="1997 Phoenix Mercury season">
1997 Phoenix Mercury season

The 1997 WNBA season was the first for the Phoenix Mercury. 
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; FG = Field Goals; MIN= Minutes; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points"
Playoffs.
Lost WNBA Semifinals (1-0) to New York Liberty

</doc>
<doc id="19732072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732072" title="Chris Moncrieff">
Chris Moncrieff

Chris Moncrieff, (born 9 September 1931) is a British journalist. He was the political editor of the Press Association from 1980 to 1994.
He joined the agency's political staff in the Houses of Parliament in 1962 and became a lobby correspondent in 1973. Once a legendary drinker, he has been teetotal for the past 30 years. The Rev Ian Paisley, who used to insist on smelling the breath of journalists he was about to be interviewed by, once famously said to him "Moncrieff, is that the devil's buttermilk I smell on your breath?" Margaret Thatcher, a great admirer, made him a CBE in the New Year Honours in 1989. He officially retired in 1994, but continues to write political commentary for the Press Association and regularly appears on political programmes on radio and television.
In November 2010 he was awarded a Diamond Jubilee Award for Political Journalism by the UK Political Studies Association on the occasion of the PSA's 60th Anniversary. Presenting the award, the "Financial Times" journalist Sue Cameron told an anecdote of spying Moncrieff in the lobby at Westminster: "Looking for a story Chris?" she enquired. "No" came the reply "I've got the story. I'm just looking for somebody to say it".
Sir Bernard Ingham, Margaret Thatcher's former press secretary, said of Moncrieff "He is the nearest approach to the 24 hour journalist I have ever known". Sir Nicholas Winterton MP said: "the best journalist in this place is the oldest journalist, Chris Moncrieff. You tell him something; he reports it; he does not dress it up; he actually reports."
The refurbished press gallery bar at the House of Commons has been renamed Moncrieff's in his honour.
Family life.
He is married to Maggie. He has four children, Joanna, Sarah, Kate and Angus, and two grandchildren, Nicole and Christopher.

</doc>
<doc id="19732081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732081" title="Christine Fugate">
Christine Fugate

Christine Fugate (born December 12, 1963) is an American film director specializing in documentaries and independent films. She is also a journalist, interviewer, and author of "Mothering Heights", a now monthly online column also published in the "Laguna Beach Independent". In 2008, she edited a collection of essays by women sharing diverse perspectives on the same subject, "The Mothering Heights Manual for Motherhood, Volume I".
Life.
Fugate was born in Los Angeles in 1963. She completed a Master of Fine Arts in Asian film and theater at the University of Hawaii, and her thesis, "The Power to Choose: Women in Thai Film, 1975-1990", is on file at the university's library. She returned to Los Angeles in the nineties to begin her work as a filmmaker. Fugate married in 2000 and is a mother of two children.
Career.
Fugate began her career in 1990 as French director Barbet Schroeder's assistant for the film, "Single White Female". Subsequently she worked as Creative Vice President for Pacific Rim Productions where she was an Associate Producer on the HBO film, "Natural Causes", in 1994.
In the late 1990s, Fugate produced and directed a series of independent films, including "The Southern Sex" (1992), "Mother Love" (1996), "Tobacco Blues" (1998), and "The Girl Next Door" (1999). Fugate rendered the poetry of writer Donna Hilbert for the screen in "Grief Becomes Me" (2005), which premiered at the Kentucky Women Writers Conference and at the Los Angeles International Short Film Festival. Fugate went on to create a biopic connecting Hilbert's life and work, titled "Grief Becomes Me: A Love Story" (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19732089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732089" title="Carl E. Reichardt">
Carl E. Reichardt

Carl E. Reichardt (born 1931) is a retired American business executive. He was president of Wells Fargo & Company from 1978 to 1984 and then chairman of the board of directors until the end of 1994.
Reichardt received his BA degree in economics from the University of Southern California in 1956. In his banking career he joined Wells Fargo in 1970, rising to the post of president in 1978. He was also named chief operating officer in 1981.
In January 1983 he succeeded Richard P. Cooley as chairman and chief executive officer of Wells Fargo. Reichardt relinquished the office of president to Paul Hazen in 1984. Together they guided the bank through the mergers with Crocker National Corporation in 1986 and Barclays Bank of California in 1988 and the recession of the early 1990s. At the end of December 1994, Reichardt retired from the board of directors of Wells Fargo.
He was a director of Ford Motor Company from 1986 to 2006, serving as vice chairman from 2001 to 2003. 
Reichardt also served on the boards of a number of corporations, include Pacific Gas & Electric, ConAgra, HCA, McKesson, HSBC Holdings PLC, and the Newhall Management Corporation. In addition, he hasserved as a director of University of San Francisco and of the University of Southern California.
In the political realm, he was a member of Bush-Cheney 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19732090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732090" title="Deforestation of the Amazon Rainforest">
Deforestation of the Amazon Rainforest

The main sources of deforestation in the Amazon rainforest are human settlement and development of the land. In the nine years from 1991 to 2000, the total area of Amazon rainforest cleared rose from 415,000 to 587,000 km²; comparable to the total land area of Spain, Madagascar or Manitoba. Most of this lost forest has been replaced with pasture for cattle. In February 2008, the Brazilian government announced that the rate at which the Amazon rainforest was being destroyed had been accelerating noticeably during the time of the year that it normally slows: In just the last five months of 2007, more than 3,200 sq. kilometers, an area equivalent to the state of Rhode Island, was deforested. The Amazon rainforest continues to shrink; recently, the rate of deforestation has been slowing, with the 2011 figures showing the slowest rate of deforestation since records have been kept.
Prior to the 1970s, access to the forest's interior was highly restricted, and aside from partial clearing along rivers the forest remained intact. Deforestation accelerated greatly following the opening of highways deep into the forest, such as the Trans-Amazonian highway in 1972.
In parts of the Amazon the poor soil had made plantation-based agriculture unprofitable. The key turning point in deforestation of the Brazilian Amazon was when colonists began to establish farms within the forest during the 1960s. Their farming system was based on crop cultivation and the Slash-and-burn method. However, the colonists were unable to successfully manage their fields and the crops due to the loss of soil fertility and weed invasion due to this method.
In indigenous areas of the Peruvian Amazon, such as the Urarina's Chambira River Basin, the soils are productive for only relatively short periods of time, therefore causing indigenous horticulturalists like the Urarina to move to new areas and clear more and more land.
Amazonian colonization was ruled by cattle raising because ranching required little labor, generated decent profits, and awarded social status in the community. Additionally, grass is able to grow in the poor Amazon soil. However, the abundance of cattle ranching led to extensive deforestation, causing extensive environmental damage. An estimated 30% of the deforestation is due to the actions of small farmers; although small farmers possess smaller total land area than medium and large ranchers, who possess 89% of the Legal Amazon’s private land, the intensity of deforestation within the areas that they inhabit is greater than that within the areas occupied by the larger ranchers. This emphasizes the importance of using previously cleared land for agricultural use, rather the typical easiest political path of distributing still-forested areas.
In the Brazilian Amazon, the proportion of small farmers to large landholders changes frequently with economic and demographic pressures.
In 2009, Peruvian President Alan García pushed through by executive decree Law 840 (also known as "Ley de la Selva," "the Law of the Jungle" or simply the "Forest Law"), which allowed the sale of uncultivated Amazon land under state ownership to private companies, without term limits on the property rights. While the law was promoted as a "reforestation" measure, critics claimed the privatization measure would in fact encourage further deforestation of the Amazon, while surrendering the nation's rights over natural resources to foreign investors and leaving uncertain the fate of Peru's indigenous people, who do not typically hold formal title to the forestlands on which they subsist. Law 840 met widespread resistance and was eventually repealed by Peru's legislature for being unconstitutional.
Causes of Deforestation.
Deforestation of the Amazon rainforest can be attributed to many different factors. The rainforest is mainly seen as a resource for cattle pasture, valuable hardwoods, housing space, farming space (especially for soybeans), road works (such as highways and smaller roads) and medicines. The annual rate of deforestation in the Amazon region increased from 1990 to 2003 due to factors at local, national, and international levels. 70% of formerly forested land in the Amazon, and 91% of land deforested since 1970, is used for livestock pasture. In addition, Brazil is currently the second-largest global producer of soybeans after the United States, mostly for export and biodiesel production; as soybean prices rise, soy farmers push northwards into forested areas of the Amazon. As stated in Brazilian legislation, clearing land for crops or fields is considered an ‘effective use’ of land and is the beginning towards land ownership. Cleared property is also valued at 5–10 times more than forested land; for that reason, more valuable to the owner whose ultimate objective is resale. The needs of soy farmers have been used to validate many of the controversial transportation projects that are currently developing in the Amazon. The first two highways: the Belém-Brasília (1958) and the Cuiaba-Porto Velho (1968) were the only federal highways in the Legal Amazon to be paved and passable year-round before the late 1990s. These two highways are said to be “at the heart of the ‘arc of deforestation’”, which at present is the focal point area of deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon. The Belém-Brasília highway attracted nearly two million settlers in the first twenty years. The success of the Belém-Brasília highway in opening up the forest was reenacted as paved roads continued to be developed, unleashing the irrepressible spread of settlement. The completions of the roads were followed by a wave of resettlement; these settlers had a significant effect on the forest as well.
Scientists using NASA satellite data have found that clearing for mechanized cropland has recently become a significant force in Brazilian Amazon deforestation. This change in land use may alter the region's climate. Researchers found that in 2003, the then peak year of deforestation, more than 20 percent of the Mato Grosso state’s forests were converted to cropland. This finding suggests that the recent cropland expansion in the region is contributing to further deforestation. In 2005, soybean prices fell by more than 25 percent and some areas of Mato Grosso showed a decrease in large deforestation events, although the central agricultural zone continued to clear forests. However, deforestation rates could return to the high levels seen in 2003 as soybean and other crop prices begin to rebound in international markets. This new driver of forest loss suggests that the rise and fall of prices for other crops, beef, and timber may also have a significant impact on future land use in the region, according to the study. [http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Newsroom/NasaNews/2006/2006091923131.html]
In 1996, the Amazon was reported to have shown a 34% increase in deforestation since 1992. The mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 (22,392 km² per year) was 18% higher than in the previous five years (19,018 km² per year). In Brazil, the Instituto Nacional de Pesquisas Espaciais (INPE, or National Institute of Space Research) produces deforestation figures annually. Their deforestation estimates are derived from 100 to 220 images taken during the dry season in the Amazon by the Landsat satellite, also may only consider the loss of the Amazon rainforest biome – not the loss of natural fields or savannah within the rainforest. According to INPE, the original Amazon rainforest biome in Brazil of 4,100,000 km² was reduced to 3,403,000 km² by 2005 – representing a loss of 17.1%.
One of the most important causes of deforestation in the Amazon is the cultivation of agricultural commodities such as soya, which is used mainly to feed animals. Research conducted by Leydimere Oliveira et al. however has shown that the more rainforest is logged in the Amazon, the less precipitation reaches the area and so the lower the yield per hectare becomes. It can thus be stated that for countries as Brazil, there is no economic gain to be made by logging and selling trees and using the logged land for pastoral purposes.
Future of the Amazon Rainforest.
Using the 2005 rain forest deforestation rates, it was estimated that the Amazon Rain forest would be reduced by 40% in two decades. The rate of deforestation is now slowing; in 2011 deforestation figures were the slowest on record. However, the forest is still shrinking.
Norwegian prime minister Jens Stoltenberg announced on September 16, 2008, that the Norwegian Government would donate US $1 billion to the newly established Amazon fund. The money from this fund will go to projects aimed at slowing down the deforestation of the Amazon rainforest.
New findings (cf or) show that large parts of the Amazon basin has been open, cultivated land and that the rain forest, far from being pristine is rather a result of man's activity. This research is still just beginning, but may totally turn over the current perceptions. However, a careless exploiting of Amazonas may ruin all possibilities to study the archeological remnants of this era.
References.
Camill, Phil. "The Deforestation of the Amazon: ." (1999): 1. Web. 31 May 2011. <http://ublib.buffalo.edu/libraries/projects/cases/amazon.html>.
"Amazon Deforestation Trend On The Increase." ScienceDaily LLC (2009): 1. Web. 31 May 2011. <http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/01/090104093542.htm>.
Butler, Rhett . "Deforestation in the Amazon." (1994): 1. Web. 31 May 2011. <http://www.mongabay.com/brazil.html>.
<http://www.livescience.com/3201-amazon-deforestation-earth-heart-lungs-dismembered.html>.
"Amazon Deforestation: Earth's Heart and Lungs Dismembered" LiveScience.com: 1. Web. 9 January 2009.
<http://www.effects-of-deforestation.com/amazon-rainforest-deforestation.php>.
"The Roots of Deforestation in the Amazon" Effects-of-Deforestation.com: 1. Web. 31 May 2011.
<http://blogs.nature.com/news/2011/12/brazil_amazon_deforestation_de.html>.
"Amazon Deforestation Declines to Record Low" Nature.com: 1. Web. 31 May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19732099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732099" title="Leptaxis nivosa">
Leptaxis nivosa

Leptaxis nivosa is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.
Anatomy.
These snails create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19732102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732102" title="Media Foundation (disambiguation)">
Media Foundation (disambiguation)

Media Foundation is a COM-based multimedia framework pipeline and infrastructure platform for digital media in Windows Vista.
Media Foundation may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19732116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732116" title="1982 South Australian Open – Singles">
1982 South Australian Open – Singles

Mark Edmondson was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Mike Bauer won the title, defeating Chris Johnstone 4–6, 7–6, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19732124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732124" title="Toksvig">
Toksvig

Toksvig may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19732152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732152" title="Mark Lipka">
Mark Lipka

Mark Lipka is a comic book artist who has inked such comics as Batman, Star Wars, Justice League of America, Wolverine, Gambit & Bishop, Green Lantern, Swamp Thing, Aliens versus Predator, Daredevil, among others.
He has worked with pencillers including Cary Nord, Rick Leonardi, Yanick Paquette, Roger Petersen, Karl Waller, Adam Hughes, Toby Cypress, Rick Burchett, Steve McNiven, Steve Scott, Joe Phillips and Tom Raney.
Lipka's first professional comic work was for Rock Fantasy Comics, published by Michael Valentine Smith, in 1991, on an ultimately unpublished story in which Mick Fleetwood (of Fleetwood Mac) taught Ozzy Osbourne (Black Sabbath) the magical arts. Throughout the 1990s Lipka worked for several independent comic book publishers while working also on commercial art projects. He was mentored by friend and fellow artist Karl Waller, who lived near Lipka in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and by Nathan Massengill (also a friend and fellow artist). Lipka's first published work with a major publisher was 1997's "Savage Dragon: Sex & Violence" for (Image). Shortly after starting The Savage Dragon book, Mark started to receive mentoring from Brian Stelfreeze.
Lipka is nicknamed "the Jackie Robinson of CrossGen comics". He was the first freelancer to work for CrossGen, who had intended to use only in-house artists on their books.

</doc>
<doc id="19732181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732181" title="Spencer P. Jones">
Spencer P. Jones

Spencer Patrick Jones (born 1956) is a guitar player and singer-songwriter from Te Awamutu, New Zealand. From 1976 he has worked in Australia and has been a member of various groups including The Johnnys, Beasts of Bourbon, Paul Kelly and The Coloured Girls, Chris Bailey and The General Dog, Maurice Frawley and The Working Class Ringos, and Sacred Cowboys. Spencer has also issued ten albums as a solo artist. In May 2012 "Australian Guitar" magazine rated Jones as one of Australia's Top 40 best guitarists.
Biography.
Spencer Patrick Jones was born in 1956 and grew up on a farm in Te Awamutu, New Zealand. His father was a funeral director, farmer and then news agent. When his family moved to Auckland, Jones and his siblings studied piano. On his 14th birthday he was given a guitar and became a self-taught musician. From 1976 he has worked in Australia and his early groups were The Emotional Retreads, Country Killed, Cuban Heels (1979–81), Beats Working (1981–82) and North 2 Alaskans (1982–83).
In 1983 Spencer joined The Johnnys, a pub rock band, on lead guitar and backing vocals. Jones co-wrote their debut single, "I Think You're Cute", with their bass guitarist and lead vocalist, Roddy Rayda, which was issued in October. When Rayda left early in the next year, Spencer took over lead vocals. In April 1986 "The Canberra Times" described the group as a "combination of country punk, mayhem and cowboy image". In August that year Mushroom Records issued their debut album, "Highlights of a Dangerous Life", with Ross Wilson producing (Skyhooks, Company Caine, Mondo Rock). The group broke up in 1989 and Jones continued with various other bands.
In August 1983 while a member of The Johnnys, Spencer formed a side-project, Beasts of Bourbon (1983–85, 1988–93, 1996–97, 2003–08, 2013) with James Baker on drums (ex-Hoodoo Gurus), Tex Perkins on vocals (Dum Dums), Kim Salmon on guitar and Boris Sujdovic on bass guitar (both ex-The Scientists). Except for mainstays, Jones and Perkins, the line-up has changed as the group splintered and reformed several times. Steven Corby for "The Canberra Times" described Beasts of Bourbon in August 1990 as "a mutation of rock 'n roll, some blues, jazz, country, and a cornucopia of 20th century music as well as fartin' and thumpin', sexy girls, and ladies of the night".
Other groups Spencer has worked with include Olympic Sideburns (1983), Paul Kelly and The Coloured Girls (1985), Legendary Stardust Cowboys (1986), The Rock Party (1986), The Butcher Shop (1988–93), Minced Meat (1989), Hell to Pay (1990–92), Chris Bailey and The General Dog (1992), Maurice Frawley and The Working Class Ringos (1993–2000), Sacred Cowboys (1994–95), Paul Kelly Band (1996, 1998, 2001–02) and Singers for the Red Black and Gold (1997).
In November 1994 Spencer released his debut solo album, "Rumour of Death", which he co-produced with Dave McCluney for Red Eye Records and Polydor Records. Jones had started planning for his album in 1989 or 1990 but other projects intervened including Hell to Pay. Working with Jones on the album were Warren Ellis on violin (Dirty Three), Bryan Henry Hooper on bass guitar (Beasts of Bourbon, Kim Salmon and the Surrealists), Peter Jones on drums (ex-Harem Scarem), Graham Lee on pedal steel guitar (ex-The Triffids), Nick Rischbieth on guitar (Sacred Cowboys), and Conway Savage on piano (Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds).
Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, described the album as having "a timeless rock'n'roll feel with country elements". Fellow rock music journalist, Ed Nimmervoll, felt it was "a growling, introspective country rock album" with Spencer "a little unsure about the sound of his own voice but backing his vocals with strong songwriting, sparce arrangements, and a great performance". In March the following year he issued a single, "The World's Got Everything in It", from the album. The track had been written and first recorded by Minced Meat, a duo of Jones and Perkins, back in 1989; it was later re-recorded by Beasts of Bourbon.
In late 1999 Jones formed a band, The Last Gasp, working with Hooper again on bass guitar, joined by Kieran Box on keyboards and Dan Luscombe on guitar (both from The Blackeyed Susans), and Timmy Jack Ray on drums (Powder Monkeys). By mid-November the following year Jones issued his second solo album, "The Last Gasp". It was produced by Tony Cohen, Spencer was backed by a nine-piece session band. Nimmervoll declared it was Album of the Week: "he's comfortable with the sound of his voice ... You can feel the smoky bar rooms this music was born in. The atmosphere is thick with music and attitude". I-94 Bar's The Barman noted the sound is "big, brassy and sprawling. Keyboard colourings abound, though there are sightings of Spencer's understated guitar".
By November 2001 Jones released his next album, "The Lost Anxiety Tapes", on MGM Distribution, featuring Cow Penalty with Arnie Daniels on guitar, Steve Hadley on bass guitar, Des Heffner on drums and Matt Heydon on keyboards, piano, organ, synthesiser, and percussion. The Barman found the tracks had "simple, but effective, rock tuneage that push the edges in all sorts of little ways and exhibit not an ounce of fat". "Cosmik Debris Magazine"s John Sekerka described Jones as one who "knows how to confuse, confound, amuse and delight" with his "various catchy melodies with provocative words, culminating in stupefying songs you'll be hard pressed not to hum".
For his next album, "Fait Accompli" (2003), Jones worked with three different bands, Cow Penalty (with Heydon joined by Helen Cattanach on bass guitar, ex-Moler, and Harry Fischer on drums) on three of twelve tracks, Escape Committee (with Cattanach, Phil Gionpriddo on steel guitar, and Andy Moore on drums) on seven tracks, and New York-based group, The Beeks (Steve Boyle on guitar and keyboards, Billy Ficca on drums, and Brian Ritchie on vocals and bass guitar) on two tracks.
Nimmervoll described "Fait Accompli" being "filled with the growling impatient restless menace real rock and roll is made of" and with Jones fronting three groups "in the spotlight, hat on head, cigarette dangling from the corner of his mouth, guitar in hand, telling you how life is or how he wants to imagine it. It don't matter. It ain't pretty". The Barman noted that it has a "greasy appropriation of the blues" and his "distinctive drawl and scuzzy lead guitar". Sleazegrinder's reviewer declared that Jones "writes and plays every lick, every lyric from the bottom of his soul, you can always feel it when someone spills their guts, means every bit of it, when they've not only written some tunes, but lived 'em, too. [The album is a full experience, not a random assortment of half written leftovers, like most releases we endure nowadays".
On 7 August 2006 Spencer issued an album, "Immolation & Amelioration 1995-2005", which updated previously unfinished material from his back catalogue. It was commissioned by Spanish label, Bang! Records, where Spencer had developed a loyal following. "The Age"s Patrick Donovan opined that it showed his "many moods and styles, from snarling, swampy guitar slinger to tender balladeer, and features his many incarnations". The Barman described the various line ups as "a star-studded list of drop-ins, drop-outs and dropkicks to be sure, but the real star is Spencer hisself".
For his April 2007 album, "Fugitive Songs", Jones worked with the Escape Committee (Cattanach, Gionpriddo, and Moore) again. The album was dedicated to veteran hard rocker, Ian Rilen (1947–2006), who had been a band mate in Hell to Pay. "The Age"s Andrew Stafford cited Jones remembering Rilen "I was playing in Hell to Pay and things started getting messy. I remember Ian saying, 'This is enough of this, we've got to stop doing it' – and he screwed up the syringe in his hand, you know, the needle sticking into his hand – 'F--- this shit, we've got to stop doing this!'" The album itself showed "here's no one making better rock'n'roll records in the country". The Barman finds "Fugitive Songs" is "bluesy rock with the smell of cordite not far away. It doesn't bust down any barriers ... as fine an effort as anything else in his backpages".
During 2008 Jones performed with a revised line up of the Escape Committe – Cattanach was joined by John Nolan on guitar (ex-Bored!, Hoss, Powder Monkeys); Hamish Marr on keyboards and backing vocals; and Cal McAlpine on drums (ex-The Chosen Few). Together they recorded a performance at the Elsternwick Hotel which was issued as Jones' first live album, "Hang On... Hang On... Live from Melbourne", later that year. I-Bar's Simon Li noted that it "enhances his reputation ... as a true National Living Treasure ... features nine classic songs for the world weary and downtrodden, drawn mostly from his Spooky Records catalogue". While fellow reviewer at the website, The Barman felt it is "[raucously rude and liver than your great grandfather will ever be, this bang-up bag of some of Spencer's best-loved tunes dangerously hits the spot – like petrol poured on a barbecue. The ragged two-part vocals just add to the ambience".
"Sobering Thoughts", his next solo studio album, was issued on 10 September 2010 on In the Dog House Records. In February 2013 Jones recalled "is my favourite I think. I really like that record. It was easy to do, the songs came together quickly, I really like everybody's playing on it ... [it was made at a real difficult time in my life. I kind of got through that time by making that record. By purging a whole lot of venom. A record has to have a bit of pain and a lot of action".
In May 2012 "Australian Guitar" magazine rated Jones as one of Australia's Top 40 best guitarists. Jones also worked with the Nothing Butts, which had The Drones's Gareth Liddiard on guitar and Fiona Kitschin on bass guitar; and former Beasts of Bourbon band mate, James Baker on drums. They issued an album, "Spencer P. Jones And The Nothing Butts" on Shock Records on 9 November 2012. Late that year he had teamed with Salmon (both ex-Beasts of Bourbon) which resulted in another album, "The Runaways" (February 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="19732184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732184" title="HD 154672 b">
HD 154672 b

HD 154672 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 210 light-years away in the constellation of Ara, orbiting the metal-rich and aged star HD 154672. This planet has a minimum mass five times that of Jupiter and orbits at about 60% the distance between the Earth to the Sun. Its orbit is very elliptical, which causes temperatures on the planet to vary significantly as it proceeds along its orbit. This planet was discovered in Las Campanas Observatory on September 5, 2008 using the radial velocity method (Doppler spectroscopy). Along with HD 205739 b, the planets were the first to be discovered by the N2K Consortium using the Magellan Telescopes.
Discovery.
Astronomers hoped to implement a survey called the N2K Consortium, a collaboration which uses Doppler spectroscopy to find radial velocity measurements of stars that hadn't been previously surveyed. The project searched particularly for gas giants with short orbits around metal-rich stars to find how the metallicity of the star and the mass of the planet are related. 
Radial velocity observations had been taken by the N2K program using the Magellan Telescopes' Magellan Inamori Kyocera Echelle spectrograph (MIKE) at Las Campanas Observatory in Chile since 2004. Based on these observations, the stars HD 154672 and HD 205739 were among those flagged as potential planetary host stars. The two stars were identified originally as having short-orbit hot Jupiter planets, but 3.5 years of additional observations revealed that the planetary candidates' orbits were far longer than initially anticipated. HD 154672 b's discovery was reported in the "Astronomical Journal" by the American Astronomical Society, appearing in the journal on October 7, 2008 alongside the planet HD 205739 b. The two planets were the first to be discovered by the N2K program that worked out of the Magellan telescopes.
HD 154672 b was later observed by a different team of astronomers investigating the role of metallicity, or the amount of metal present in a star, in the formation of planets. Six radial velocity measurements of the host star, collected using the HARPS instrument at Chile's La Silla Observatory. The team used the radial velocity data to refine the parameters of HD 154672 b from what was published in its discovery paper a year earlier.
Host star.
HD 154672 is a G-type star like the Sun. The star has a mass that is 1.06 times that of the Sun, and a radius 1.27 times the solar radius. The effective temperature, or the temperature it would emit if it were a black body, is 5714 K, slightly cooler than that of the Sun. However, with an [Fe/H] = 0.26 and an age of 9.28 billion years, HD 154672 has 182% more iron than the Sun, and is over two times older than the Sun. Based on its spectrum, HD 154672 is not a very active star.
The apparent magnitude (v) of HD 154672 is 8.22, which means that it is not visible to the naked eye. It is slightly dimmer than Neptune, which has an apparent magnitude of 7.78 at its brightest.
Characteristics.
HD 154672 b is a closely orbiting planet that is larger than Jupiter. Its mass was estimated as 5.02 that of Jupiter. HD 154672 b also orbits its host star at a distance of 0.6 AU every 163.91 days. Earth, in comparison, orbits the Sun at a distance of 1 AU every 365.25 days. However, HD 154672 b has an orbital eccentricity of 0.61, which indicates a very elliptical orbit. Because HD 154672 b has such an eccentric orbit, the equilibrium temperature of the planet varies between 300 K and 600 K, which is significantly higher than that of Jupiter (124 K). If liquid water is present in the atmosphere of HD 154672 b, it could possibly convert between gaseous and liquid phases as the planet moves along its orbit.
The high eccentricity of the planet's orbit suggests that either the Kozai mechanism (there is an exchange between the inclination of a planet and its eccentricity) is at work, or that the planet's orbit was distorted by the unstable orbit of other planets that used to be part of the HD 154672 system.
HD 154672 b had, at the time of its 2008 discovery, an orbital period larger than 90% of all discovered planets. It was the seventh planet known to have an eccentricity over 0.6 and an orbit shorter than 300 days.

</doc>
<doc id="19732190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732190" title="Leptaxis undata">
Leptaxis undata

Leptaxis undata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snails. 
Anatomy.
These snails create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19732196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732196" title="Bellyas">
Bellyas

Greensleeves Rhythm Album #1: Bellyas is the first album in Greensleeves Records' "rhythm album" series. It was released in February 2000 on CD and LP. The album features various artists recorded over the "Bellyas" riddim, produced by reggae-dancehall artists and producers Ward 21.

</doc>
<doc id="19732199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732199" title="2004 Phoenix Mercury season">
2004 Phoenix Mercury season

The 2004 WNBA season was the eighth for the Phoenix Mercury. 
Regular season.
In her WNBA debut, Taurasi netted 26 points and led the Mercury to an 84-76 victory over the Seattle Storm. For the season, the rookie averaged 17.0 points, 4.4 rebounds and 3.9 assists per game. Although the Mercury did not qualify for the playoffs, the season was a personal success as Taurasi was named to the Western Conference All Star team and won the WNBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; FG = Field Goals; MIN= Minutes; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="19732206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732206" title="Emerson Véliz">
Emerson Véliz

Emerson Leopoldo Véliz Cartagena (born August 13, 1982 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran professional football player, who currently plays for FAS in the Salvadoran Premier Division.
Club career.
Véliz came through the Alianza youth ranks and reserves team before joining Salvadoran second division side Platense in 2001. He would make his premier league debut a year later when he signed for Luis Ángel Firpo with whom he would stay for nine years except for one season at Chalatenango. He also played for Firpo in the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League.
In 2010 he moved to Atlético Marte before joining FAS ahead of the 2011 Apertura season.

</doc>
<doc id="19732217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732217" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Vietnam">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Vietnam

The Ambassador from the United Kingdom to the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Vietnam, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Hanoi.

</doc>
<doc id="19732247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732247" title="Schnitzler syndrome">
Schnitzler syndrome

Schnitzler syndrome is a rare disease characterised by chronic hives (urticaria) and periodic fever, bone pain and joint pain (sometimes with joint inflammation), weight loss, malaise, fatigue, swollen lymph glands and enlarged spleen and liver.
The urticarial rash is non-itching in more than half of cases, which is unusual for hives. It is most prominent on the trunk, arms and legs, sparing the palms, soles, head and neck. Associated angioedema has been reported in a few patients. A review of 94 cases found a mean age at onset of 51 years, and only four patients developed symptoms before the age of 35. The cause and disease mechanism of Schnitzler syndrome remain largely unknown.
Schnitzler syndrome is considered an autoimmune disorder. Chronic hives and a monoclonal gammopathy have been proposed as the major criteria, while the others represent minor criteria.
Diagnosis.
Blood tests show a high concentration of specific gamma-globulins (monoclonal gammopathy) of the IgM type. It almost always has light chains of the κ-type. A variant in which IgG is raised has been described, which appears to be ten times as rare. The immunoglobulins may show up in the urine as Bence Jones proteins. Signs of inflammation are often present: these include an increased white blood cell count (leukocytosis) and a raised erythrocyte sedimentation rate and C-reactive protein. There can be anemia of chronic disease. Bone abnormalities can be seen on radiological imaging (often increased density or osteosclerosis) or biopsy.
Because it is such a rare condition (less than 100 cases reported in the literature worldwide before 2008), it is important to rule out other conditions which can cause periodic fevers, paraproteins or chronic hives. These include (and are not limited to) auto-immune or -inflammatory disorders such as adult-onset Still's disease, angioedema, hematological disorders such as lymphoma or monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance, other causes of hives, cryoglobulinemia, mastocytosis, chronic neonatal onset multisystem inflammatory disease or Muckle-Wells syndrome.
It is however possible to have more than one rare condition as seen by a patient with Schnitzler's syndrome and cold induced urticaria.
Prognosis.
The life span in patients with Schnitzler syndrome has not been shown to differ much from the general population. Careful follow-up is advised, however. A significant proportion of patients develops a lymphoproliferative disorder as a complication, most commonly Waldenström's macroglobulinemia. This may lead to symptoms of hyperviscosity syndrome. AA amyloidosis has also been reported in people with Schnitzler syndrome.
Treatment.
Antihistamines are not effective in treating the hives in this condition. It may respond to immunosuppressant drugs such as corticosteroids, cyclooxygenase inhibitors, interferon alpha, interleukin 1 receptor antagonists (Anakinra), perfloxacin, colchicine, cyclosporine or thalidomide. The hives may respond to treatment with PUVA, and the bone pain may respond to bisphosphonates.
Because Schnitzler's syndrome is so rare, the efficacy of different treatments cannot be compared using statistics. Nevertheless, case studies provide evidence that anakinra (otherwise known as kineret) is much more effective for Schnitzler's syndrome than any other drug, and that the improvement in symptoms associated with this treatment is dramatic. For example, Beseda and Nossent (2010) reviewed the literature concerning IL1-RA treatment (i.e. anakinra) for Schnitzler's syndrome. They concluded that, “Twenty-four patients with Schnitzler's syndrome... have been successfully treated with anakinra.” They add that “seven out of seven patients Schnitzler’s syndrome, that either interrupted or used anakinra every other day, had relapse of their symptoms within 24-48 h; anakinra was restarted in all patients with the same clinical efficiency.” Kluger et al. (2008) investigated the effectiveness of anakinra for a range of conditions. They searched MEDLINE for English-language trials of anakinra and abstracts from rheumatologial scientific meetings. They conclude that, “Over the last few years it has become increasingly evident that anakinra is highly effective and safe in patients with ... Schnitzler’s syndrome”. The year before, De Koning et al. (2007) reviewed the disease characteristics of Schnitzler syndrome and collected follow-up information to gain insight into long-term prognosis and treatment efficacy. They used data from 94 patients, and their conclusions about treatment for the condition are that, “There have been promising developments in therapeutic options, especially antiinterleukin-1 treatment, which induced complete remission in all 8 patients treated so far.”
Reports of individual patients treated with anakinra illustrate its effectiveness. Beseda and Nossent (ibid.) report treating a longstanding multidrug resistant Schnitzler’s syndrome patient with anakinra: “Within 24 h after the first injection, both the urticaria and the fever disappeared and have not recurred. For the past 6 months, the patient has been in clinical and biochemical remission.” Other authors report “a complete resolution of symptoms” (Dybowski et al., 2008). Crouch et al. (2007) report the effective treatment of a 52 year old man who had been diagnosed with Schnitzler’s syndrome 8 years earlier: “On review, one week later, the patient’s systemic symptoms had resolved, and his previously elevated white cell count and inflammatory markers had normalised. The use of anakinra in our patient resulted in resolution of symptoms and has enabled cessation of oral prednisolone. Our patient remains symptom free on anakinra after 14 months of follow-up”. Similar stories are reported by Frischmeyer-Guerrerio et al. (2008), Wastiaux et al. (2007), and Eiling et al. (2007), Schneider et al. (2007). De Koning et al. (2006) treated three patients with Schnitzler’s syndrome with thalidomide and anakinra. Thalidomide was only effective for one of the three patients and was discontinued because of polyneuropathy. In contrast, for all three patients, anakinra “led to disappearance of fever and skin lesions within 24 hours. After a follow-up of 16-18 months, all patients are free of symptoms”. The authors concluded that anakinra as a treatment for Schnitzler’s syndrome “is preferable to thalidomide... as it has fewer side effects”.
As well as being more effective, anakinra is safer than the other treatments available for Schnitzler's syndrome. The Cochrane review entitled, ‘Anakinra for rheumatoid arthritis’ (Mertens and Singh, 2009 ) evaluates the (clinical effectiveness and) safety of anakinra in adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis, using data from 2876 patients, from five trials which constituted 781 randomized to placebo and 2065 to anakinra. The authors conclude, “There were no statistically significant differences noted in most safety outcomes with treatment with anakinra versus placebo - including number of withdrawals, deaths, adverse events (total and serious), and infections (total and serious). Injection site reactions were significantly increased, occurring in 1235/1729 (71%) versus 204/729 (28%) of patients treated with anakinra versus placebo, respectively”. These injection site reactions last for no more than four months, and are trivial compared to the very debilitating symptoms of Schnitzler's syndrome.
History.
The disease is named after the French dermatologist L. Schnitzler who first described this syndrome in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19732257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732257" title="2100s">
2100s

2100s may refer to the following future periods:

</doc>
<doc id="19732262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732262" title="Clarins Open">
Clarins Open

The Open Clarins is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played from 1987 to 1992. It was held in Paris in France and played on outdoor clay courts. It was a Tier V tournament until 1989 and was subsequently promoted to Tier IV, raising prize money from $50,000 to $150,000. It was replaced by the Open Gaz de France in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19732266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732266" title="ETR 240">
ETR 240

ETR240 is a series of Italian electric-powered passenger train operated by Ferrovie dello Stato.

</doc>
<doc id="19732283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732283" title="FS Class ETR 300">
FS Class ETR 300

The ETR 300, also known as "Settebello-type" for its use on the former "Settebello" train service, is a type of Italian fast electric multiple unit (EMU) trainset formerly operated by Ferrovie dello Stato (Italian State Railways). The letters ETR stood for "elettrotreno rapido" (Italian for high-speed electric train). Thanks to its aerodynamically low-drag profile, it boasted a maximum speed of , with a power output of 2600 kW. Manufactured for FS by Breda, a total of only three trainsets were built, numbered ETR 301–303. 
Following development of the design that had begun in 1947, the first ETR 300-series unit began making test runs in September 1952. The first completed trainset, numbered ETR 301, was delivered to FS on 21 November 1952. After the delivery of the second set, number 302, the ETR 300-series trains entered regular service between Milan and Rome on 30 March 1953, on the new "Settebello" service. The third and final set, ETR 303, entered service in 1959.
Each EMU trainset had seven cars and seating for 190. In 1970, they were upgraded with more powerful engines, shortening the time it took for the Milan–Rome run. The TEE "Settebello" was discontinued in 1984, and the ETR 300 series was removed from service on that route (Milan–Rome). They remained in service elsewhere until 1988, when they were permanently retired. In 1998, two of the three trainsets were scrapped, leaving only number ETR 302 surviving, and used for occasional display or private hire.

</doc>
<doc id="19732286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732286" title="Stephen William White">
Stephen William White

Stephen William White (16 July 1840 – October 1914) was the secretary of the Northern Central Railway as well as a number of other Pennsylvanian railway companies until his retirement in 1910. Today, he is best known for his English translations of Jules Verne's novels in the "Philadelphia Evening Telegraph".
Biography.
White was born in 1840 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, son of Emily and David W. White. In February 1854, he entered the Central High School of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and graduated there on 11 February 1858 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. From 1858 to 1870 White served as shorthand clerk to the treasurer of the American Sunday School Union, assistant editor of the "Sunday School Times", and bookkeeper to several importing dry goods and grocery houses. In 1863 he earned a Master of Arts degree in the Central High School's 31st class. He married Ellen M. Leibert (1 July 1840 — 10 June 1897) on 21 September 1865.
On 1 February 1870 he began work as private secretary to Jay Cooke and held the job until 1873, when Jay Cooke & Company was bankrupted following the Panic of 1873. From 1872 through 1876 he worked as a freelance phonographer (shorthand secretary) and translator, producing English translations of five works by Jules Verne for serialization in the "Philadelphia Evening Telegraph".
On 1 January 1875 he entered the service of the Pennsylvania Railroad as assistant secretary of the Northern Central Railway, and on 26 September 1877 he was promoted to secretary of the Northern Central Railway. In addition to his main duties there, he was also elected Secretary of the Shamokin Valley and Pottsville Railroad on 1 September 1880; Assistant Secretary of the Pennsylvania Company and of the Pittsburg, Cincinnati and St. Louis Railway on 1 February 1881; clerk of the Girard Point Storage Company on 9 March 1881; Secretary of the Sodus Bay and Southern Railroad on 1 July 1884; Assistant Secretary of the Chicago, St. Louis and Pittsburgh Railroad on 23 September 1885; Secretary of the Elmira and Lake Ontario Railroad on 31 December 1886; Assistant Secretary of the Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway on 18 September 1890; and Secretary of the Allegheny Valley Railway on 5 February 1892.
White retired on 1 August 1910 at the age of 70, and died in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="19732304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732304" title="Packetized Ensemble Protocol">
Packetized Ensemble Protocol

The Packetized Ensemble Protocol (PEP) is a protocol used by Telebit modems. It uses the full bandwidth (3000 Hz) of the telephone lines and dividing it in hundreds of channels. The modem only chooses the channels that are error free, which makes PEP usable on bad lines. The disadvantage is the relatively long time it takes to switch between sending and receiving data. PEP was able to achieve half-duplex speeds of up to 18,000bit/s, with TurboPEP upping this to 23,000bit/s with the Worldblazer model.

</doc>
<doc id="19732314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732314" title="HD 205739 b">
HD 205739 b

HD 205739 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 350 light-years away in the constellation of Piscis Austrinus, orbiting the star HD 205739. This planet has a minimum mass 37% more than Jupiter and orbits 90% of the distance between the Earth and the Sun. The planet has a very elliptical orbit, which has led its discoverers to postulate that the planet's surface temperature varies by about 100 K along the entire orbit. This planet was reported on September 5, 2008 after its discovery at Las Campanas Observatory, where the planet was observed for years by the N2K Consortium while using the Magellan Telescopes. Follow-up observations collected the radial velocity measurements necessary to confirm the candidate as a planet.
Discovery.
HD 205739's designation is from the Henry Draper catalogue. The star was also observed by "Hipparcos", which released its catalogue in 1997. The observations that led to the discovery of the planet HD 205739 b started when the N2K Consortium started an extended search for planets around 300 stars not usually targeted by Doppler spectroscopy surveys. In the case of HD 205739, the star was observed using the Magellan Telescopes at Las Campanas Observatory in Chile. HD 205739 was selected primarily because it was a metal-rich star; the N2K collaboration biased their search towards metal-rich stars with closely orbiting Jupiter-size planets, hoping to find a connection between a star's metallicity and its planets' masses.
HD 205739 was flagged originally as a candidate hosting a Hot Jupiter, which is a large gas giant that orbits closely to its star, although later observations suggested that the planetary candidate orbited further out over the next 3.5 years of observation.
The star was studied through the Magellan Inamori Kyocera Echelle spectrograph's (MIKE) ability to use Doppler spectroscopy to measure radial velocity. Twenty-four measurements were recorded for HD 205739. The measurements were analyzed for accuracy. They were then used to derive the planet's characteristics, which led to the planet's confirmation.
The team of astronomers, which were from the United States, Chile, and the Vatican City, sent the paper to the "Astronomical Journal" on April 7, 2008. The paper was accepted, and was later published on October 7, 2008.
Host star.
HD 205739 is an F-type star with a mass that is 1.22 times the mass of the Sun and a size that is 1.33 times the radius of the Sun. In other words, it is slightly more massive and slightly larger than the Sun is. With an effective temperature of 6176 K, HD 205739 is also hotter than the Sun, although it is younger, at an estimated age of 2.84 billion years. The star is rich in iron; its measured metallicity is [Fe/H] = 0.19, or 1.55 times the iron detected in the Sun. After analysis of HD 205739's spectrum, it can be concluded that HD 205739's chromosphere (its outermost layer) is not active. HD 205739 cannot be seen from Earth with the naked eye because the star has an apparent magnitude (V) of 8.56.
Characteristics.
HD 205739 b is a Jupiter-size planet. The estimated minimum mass is 1.37 times the mass of Jupiter. The planet has been found to orbit its host star every 279.8 days at a distance of 0.896 AU, which is approximately 89.6% of the mean distance between the Sun and the Earth. HD 205739 b has a mildly elliptical orbit, given its orbital eccentricity of 0.27. The planet's elliptical orbit is typical with respect to discovered planets whose orbits are longer than twenty days and have not grown circular because of tidal forces. According to its discoverers, HD 205739 b's elongated orbit causes its surface temperature to fluctuate by up to 100 K.

</doc>
<doc id="19732340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732340" title="2006 Phoenix Mercury season">
2006 Phoenix Mercury season

The 2006 WNBA season was the tenth for the Phoenix Mercury. The Mercury drafted Cappie Pondexter with the 2nd pick overall in the WNBA Draft. They were close to qualifying for the playoffs, but lost to a tiebreaker to the Houston Comets and the Seattle Storm.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; FG = Field Goals; MIN= Minutes; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="19732352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732352" title="Willie Teal">
Willie Teal

Willie Teal (born December 20, 1957 in Texarkana, Texas) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the second round of the 1980 NFL Draft. He played college football at LSU.
Teal also played for the Los Angeles Raiders.

</doc>
<doc id="19732358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732358" title="Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres

The men's C-2 1000 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
17 teams entered in three heats on September 27. The top four finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals and the remaining five teams were relegated to the semifinal.
The Chinese team's intermediate times were not recorded in the official report.
Repechage.
A repechage was held on September 27. The top three finishers from the repechage advanced to the semifinal.
Semifinals.
Three semifinals took place on September 29. The top three finishers from each semifinal advanced directly to the final.
Final.
The final was held on October 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19732364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732364" title="Bab al-Jinan">
Bab al-Jinan

Bāb Jnēn () (Gate of Gardens) was one of the gates of Aleppo that used to lead to gardens on the banks of the Quwēq river. The gate was demolished about 120 years ago in order to widen the road. There used to be numerous exchangers and storage houses for goods near the gate, and a pine dating back to the 16th century. The gate had a tower called the "serpent tower" in which was said to be a talisman capable of protecting from serpent bites. Bāb Jnēn today is the site of a traditional souk.

</doc>
<doc id="19732373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732373" title="Ivor McIntyre">
Ivor McIntyre

Ivor Ewing McIntyre CBE, AFC & Bar (6 October 1899 – 12 March 1928) was a pilot in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). He came to national attention in 1924 when he and Wing Commander (later Air Vice Marshal) Stanley Goble became the first men to circumnavigate Australia by air. Two years later McIntyre piloted the first international flight undertaken by an RAAF plane and crew, under the command of Group Captain (later Air Marshal Sir) Richard Williams. The English-born McIntyre had served with the Royal Naval Air Service and Royal Air Force in World War I, before joining the RAAF. He died in an aircraft crash in 1928.
Early career.
Born in Kent, England, Ivor McIntyre joined the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS) in 1917, seeing action in World War I as a Flight Sub-Lieutenant. He transferred to the Royal Air Force (RAF) on its creation as an independent armed service, and was a Lieutenant when awarded the Air Force Cross in the 1919 New Year Honours. McIntyre was granted a Short Service commission in the RAF as a Flying Officer on 12 December 1919. He joined the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) in the early 1920s.
Pioneering flights.
Circumnavigation of Australia.
In 1924, McIntyre and Wing Commander Stanley (Jimmy) Goble, another World War I veteran of the RNAS, became the first men to circumnavigate Australia by air. McIntyre was lead pilot while Goble, who was Chief of the Air Staff at the time, acted as commander and navigator. The pair took off from Point Cook, Victoria, on 6 April 1924 in a single-engined Fairey IIID floatplane. They flew anticlockwise along the eastern coast to Thursday Island, crossed the Gulf of Carpentaria to Darwin, then continued along the Western Australian and South Australian coasts. Along the way they faced adverse weather, fatigue and illness, and had to deal with engine problems and fuel leaks.
McIntyre and Goble returned to Victoria after covering in 44 days. As they flew over Point Cook, 12 RAAF aircraft took off to escort them to their landing place at St Kilda Beach, where a crowd of 10,000 people was waiting to welcome them. Prime Minister Stanley Bruce called the journey "one of the most wonderful accomplishments in the history of aviation"; his government presented McIntyre with a gift of ₤250, while mission commander Goble received ₤500. The British Royal Aero Club awarded the duo the annual Britannia Trophy, and they were appointed Commanders of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the King's Birthday Honours. McIntyre was also awarded the Oswald Watt Gold Medal for 1924.
Pacific Islands flight.
In 1926, now a Flight Lieutenant, McIntyre was selected as lead pilot on another pioneering Australian flight under the command of the-then Chief of the Air Staff, Group Captain Richard Williams, to study the South Pacific region as a possible theatre of operations. In company with Flight Sergeant Les Trist, they took off from Point Cook on 26 September 1926 and made a round trip to the Solomon Islands in a De Havilland DH.50A floatplane. They returned on 7 December to a 12-plane RAAF escort and a 300-man honour guard. 
Though considered partly a "matter of prestige" due to rumours of other countries planning such a journey, as well as a "reaction" by Williams to the 1924 expedition led by Goble, Williams' rival at the time for leadership of the young Air Force, it was the first international flight undertaken by an RAAF plane and crew. McIntyre was awarded a second Oswald Watt Gold Medal; and a Bar to his AFC; for his part in the flight, while Trist received the Air Force Medal, and Williams was appointed a CBE.
Death and legacy.
Less than two years after his Pacific Islands flight, on 12 March 1928, Ivor McIntyre was killed in a flying accident. In 1994 he and Jimmy Goble were honoured by the issue of a postage stamp by Australia Post, one of a series depicting Australian aviators that also included Freda Thompson, Lawrence Hargrave, Sir Keith and Sir Ross Macpherson Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="19732381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732381" title="Preston Hanna">
Preston Hanna

Preston Lee Hanna (born September 10, 1954) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of eight seasons in the major leagues from 1975 until 1982. He was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the first round of the 1972 Major League Baseball Draft,11th overall, and stayed with their organization until his release in July 1982

</doc>
<doc id="19732383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732383" title="James Buchanan">
James Buchanan

James Buchanan, Jr. (; April 23, 1791June 1, 1868) was the 15th President of the United States (1857–1861), serving immediately prior to the American Civil War. He is, to date, the only president from Pennsylvania and the only president to remain a lifelong bachelor.
He represented Pennsylvania in the United States House of Representatives and later the Senate and served as Minister to Russia under President Andrew Jackson. He was also Secretary of State under President James K. Polk. After he turned down an offer for an appointment to the Supreme Court, President Franklin Pierce appointed him minister to the Court of St. James's, in which capacity he helped draft the Ostend Manifesto.
Buchanan was nominated by the Democratic Party in the 1856 Presidential election. Throughout most of Pierce's term, he was stationed in London as a minister to the Court of St. James's and therefore was not caught up in the crossfire of sectional politics that dominated the country. His subsequent election victory took place in a three-man race with John C. Frémont and Millard Fillmore. As President, he was often called a "doughface", a Northerner with Southern sympathies, who battled with Stephen A. Douglas for the control of the Democratic Party. Buchanan's efforts to maintain peace between the North and the South alienated both sides, and the Southern states declared their secession in the prologue to the American Civil War. Buchanan's view of record was that secession was illegal, but that going to war to stop it was also illegal. Buchanan, an attorney, was noted for his mantra, "I acknowledge no master but the law."
By the time he left office, popular opinion was against him, and the Democratic Party had split. Buchanan had once aspired to a presidency that would rank in history with that of George Washington. However, his inability to impose peace on sharply divided partisans on the brink of the Civil War has led to his consistent ranking by historians as one of the worst presidents in American history. Historians in both 2006 and 2009 voted his failure to deal with secession the worst presidential mistake ever made.
Early life.
Buchanan was born in a log cabin in Cove Gap, Pennsylvania (now Buchanan's Birthplace State Park), in Franklin County, on April 23, 1791, to James Buchanan, Sr. (1761–1821), a businessman, merchant, and farmer, and Elizabeth Speer, an educated woman (1767–1833). His parents were both of Ulster Scots descent, the father having emigrated from Donegal, Ireland in 1783. Buchanan had six sisters and four brothers.
In 1797, the family moved to nearby Mercersburg, Pennsylvania. The home in Mercersburg was later turned into the James Buchanan Hotel.
Buchanan attended the village academy (Old Stone Academy) and later Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. Though he was nearly expelled at one point for poor behavior, he pleaded for a second chance and subsequently graduated with honors on September 19, 1809. Later that year, he moved to Lancaster, where he studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1812.
A dedicated Federalist, he initially opposed the War of 1812 because he believed it was an unnecessary conflict. When the British invaded neighboring Maryland, he joined a volunteer light dragoon unit as a private and served in the defense of Baltimore. Buchanan is the only president with military experience who did not, at some point, serve as an officer.
An active Freemason, he was the Master of Masonic Lodge No. 43 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and a District Deputy Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania.
Political career.
Buchanan began his political career in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1814 to 1816 as a member of the Federalist Party. He was elected to the 17th United States Congress and to the four succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1821 – March 4, 1831), serving as chairman of the U.S. House Committee on the Judiciary in the 21st United States Congress. In 1830, he was among the members appointed by the House to conduct impeachment proceedings against James H. Peck, judge of the United States District Court for the District of Missouri. Peck was charged with abuse of the contempt power, but was ultimately acquitted. Buchanan did not seek reelection and from 1832 to 1833 he served as Minister to Russia, appointed by Andrew Jackson.
With the Federalist Party long defunct, Buchanan was elected as a Democrat to the United States Senate to fill a vacancy and served from December 1834; he was reelected in 1837 and 1843, and resigned in 1845 to accept nomination of him as Secretary of State by President James K. Polk. He was chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations from 1836 to 1841.
After the death of Supreme Court Justice Henry Baldwin in 1844, Polk nominated Buchanan to fill the vacancy in March 1845, but he declined that nomination because he felt compelled to complete his collaboration on the Oregon Treaty negotiations. The seat was eventually filled by Robert Cooper Grier.
Buchanan served as Secretary of State under Polk from 1845 to 1849, despite objections from Buchanan's rival, Vice President George Dallas. In this capacity, he helped negotiate the 1846 Oregon Treaty establishing the 49th parallel as the northern boundary of the western United States. No Secretary of State has become President since Buchanan, although William Howard Taft, the 27th President of the United States, often served as Acting Secretary of State during the Theodore Roosevelt administration.
In 1852, Buchanan was named president of the Board of Trustees of Franklin and Marshall College in his hometown of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and he served in this capacity until 1866, despite a false report that he was fired.
He served as minister to the Court of St. James's (Britain) from 1853 to 1856, during which time he helped to draft a memorandum that became known as the Ostend Manifesto. He signed the memorandum along with Pierre Soulé and John Mason. This document proposed the purchase from Spain of Cuba, then in the midst of revolution and near bankruptcy, declaring the island "as necessary to the North American republic as any of its present ... family of states." Against Buchanan's recommendation, the final draft of the Manifesto suggested that "wresting it from Spain" if Spain refused to sell would be justified "by every law, human and Divine". The Manifesto, generally considered a blunder overall, was never acted upon but weakened the Pierce administration and support for Manifest Destiny.
Presidential election of 1856.
Democrats nominated Buchanan in 1856 as their nominee for President of the United States. He had been in England during the Kansas-Nebraska debate and thus remained untainted by either side. Pennsylvania, which had three times failed Buchanan, now gave him full support in its state convention. Though he never declared his candidacy, it is apparent from all his correspondence that he was aware of the distinct possibility of his nomination by the Democratic convention in Cincinnati, even before heading home at the finish of his work as Minister to the Court of St. James in the United Kingdom. Writer Nathaniel Hawthorne, then serving as American Consul in Liverpool, recorded in his diary that Buchanan visited him in January 1855:
He returns to America, he says, next October, and then retires forever from public life... as regards his prospects for the Presidency, e said that his mind was fully made up, and that he would never be a candidate, and that he had expressed this decision to his friends in such a way as to put it out of his own power to change it... that it was now too late, and that he was too old... although, really, he is the only Democrat, at this moment, whom it would not be absurd to talk of for the office... I wonder whether he can have had any object in saying all this to me. He might see that it would be perfectly natural for me to tell it to General Pierce.
Jonathan Foltz told Buchanan in November 1855, "The people have taken the next presidency out of the hands of the politicians...the people and not your political friends will place you there." While Buchanan did not overtly seek the office, he most deliberately chose not to discourage the movement on his behalf, something that was well within his power on many occasions.
Former president Millard Fillmore's "Know-Nothing" candidacy helped Buchanan defeat John C. Frémont, the first Republican candidate for president in 1856. He served as president from March 4, 1857, to March 4, 1861. Buchanan remains the most recent of the two Democrats (the other being Martin Van Buren) to succeed a fellow Democrat to the Presidency by election in his own right. President-elect Buchanan stated about the growing schism in the country: "The object of my administration will be to destroy sectional party, North or South, and to restore harmony to the Union under a national and conservative government." He set about this initially by maintaining a sectional balance in his appointments and persuading the people to accept constitutional law as the Supreme Court interpreted it. The court was considering the legality of restricting slavery in the territories and two justices had hinted to Buchanan their findings.
Buchanan was the last president born in the 18th century and, at age 65, was the second-oldest man to be elected President at the time.
Presidency 1857–1861.
Dred Scott case.
In his inaugural address, besides promising not to run again, Buchanan referred to the territorial question as "happily, a matter of but little practical importance" since the Supreme Court was about to settle it "speedily and finally", and proclaimed that when the decision came he would "cheerfully submit, whatever this may be". Two days later, Chief Justice Roger B. Taney delivered the Dred Scott Decision, asserting that Congress had no constitutional power to exclude slavery in the territories. Such comments delighted Southerners and incited anger in the North.
Buchanan preferred to see the territorial question resolved by the Supreme Court. He wrote to Justice John Catron in January 1857, inquiring about the outcome of the case and suggesting that a broader decision would be more prudent. Catron, who was from Tennessee, replied on February 10 that the Supreme Court's southern majority would decide against Scott, but would likely have to publish the decision on narrow grounds if there was no support from the Court's northern justices—unless Buchanan could convince his fellow Pennsylvanian, Justice Robert Cooper Grier, to join the majority. Buchanan then wrote to Grier and successfully prevailed upon him, allowing the majority leverage to issue a broad-ranging decision that transcended the specific circumstances of Scott's case to declare the Missouri Compromise of 1820 unconstitutional. The correspondence was not public at the time; however, at his inauguration, Buchanan was seen in whispered conversation with Chief Justice Roger B. Taney. When the decision was issued two days later, Republicans began spreading word that Taney had revealed to Buchanan the forthcoming result. Abraham Lincoln, in his 1858 House Divided Speech, denounced Buchanan, Taney, Stephen A. Douglas and Franklin Pierce as accomplices of the Slave Power, a supposed conspiracy to eliminate legal barriers to slavery.
Chaos in Kansas; Buchanan breaks with Stephen Douglas.
The Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854 created Kansas Territory, and allowed the settlers there to choose whether to allow slavery. This resulted in violence between "Free-Soil" (anti-slavery) and pro-slavery settlers (see "Bleeding Kansas").
The anti-slavery settlers organized a government in Topeka, while pro-slavery settlers established a seat of government in Lecompton, Kansas. For Kansas to be admitted to statehood, a state constitution had to be submitted to Congress with the approval of a majority of residents.
Toward this end, Buchanan appointed Robert J. Walker as territorial Governor, with the mission of reconciling the settler factions and approving a constitution. Walker, who was from Mississippi, was expected to assist the pro-slavery faction in gaining approval of their Lecompton Constitution. However, most Kansas settlers were Free-Soilers. The Lecomptonites held a referendum, which Free-Soilers boycotted, with trick terms and claimed their constitution was adopted. Walker resigned in disgust.
Nevertheless, Buchanan now pushed for Congressional approval of Kansas statehood under the Lecompton Constitution. Buchanan made every effort to secure Congressional approval, offering favors, patronage appointments and even cash for votes. The Lecompton bill passed through the House of Representatives, but failed in the Senate, where it was opposed by Senator Stephen A. Douglas of Illinois, leader of the northern Democrats. Douglas advocated "popular sovereignty" (letting settlers decide on slavery—nicknamed "squatter sovereignty" by Douglas' opponents); he rejected the fraudulent way the Lecompton Constitution was supposedly adopted.
The battle over Kansas escalated into a battle for control of the Democratic Party. On one side were Buchanan, most Southern Democrats, and northern Democrats allied to the Southerners ("Doughfaces"); on the other side, Douglas and most northern Democrats plus a few Southerners. The struggle lasted from 1857 to 1860. Buchanan used all his patronage powers to weaken Douglas.
Douglas's Senate term ended in 1859; so the Illinois legislature elected in 1858 had to choose whether or not to re-elect him. The Senate choice was the primary issue of the legislative election, marked by the famous Lincoln-Douglas Debates. Buchanan, working through Federal patronage appointees in Illinois, ran candidates for the legislature in competition with both the Republicans and the Douglas Democrats. (They were known as "Danites".) This could easily have thrown the election to the Republicans—which showed the depth of Buchanan's animosity toward Douglas.
In the end, however, the Danite vote was insignificant. Douglas Democrats won the legislative election and Douglas was re-elected to the Senate. Douglas forces took control throughout the North, except in Buchanan's home state of Pennsylvania. Buchanan was reduced to a narrow base of southern supporters.
Buchanan's political views.
Buchanan considered the essence of good self-government to be founded on restraint. The constitution he considered to be "...restraints, imposed not by arbitrary authority, but by the people upon themselves and their representatives... In an enlarged view, the people's interests may seem identical, but "to the eye of local and sectional prejudice, they always appear to be conflicting ... and the jealousies that will perpetually arise can be repressed only by the mutual forbearance which pervades the constitution."
One of the greatest issues of the day was tariffs. Buchanan condemned both free trade and prohibitive tariffs, since either would benefit one section of the country to the detriment of the other. As the Senator from Pennsylvania, he thought: "I am viewed as the strongest advocate of protection in other states, whilst I am denounced as its enemy in Pennsylvania."
Buchanan, like many of his time, was torn between his desire to expand the country for the benefit of all and his insistence on guaranteeing to the people settling the expanded areas their rights, including slavery. On territorial expansion, he said, "What, sir? Prevent the people from crossing the Rocky Mountains? You might just as well command the Niagara not to flow. We must fulfill our destiny." On the resulting spread of slavery, through unconditional expansion, he stated: "I feel a strong repugnance by any act of mine to extend the present limits of the Union over a new slave-holding territory." For instance, he hoped the acquisition of Texas would "be the means of limiting, not enlarging, the dominion of slavery".
Nevertheless, in deference to the intentions of the typical slaveholder, he was quick to provide the benefit of much doubt. In his third annual message Buchanan claimed that the slaves were "treated with kindness and humanity... Both the philanthropy and the self-interest of the master have combined to produce this humane result."
Historian Kenneth Stampp wrote: "Shortly after his election, he assured a southern Senator that the "great object" of his administration would be "to arrest, if possible, the agitation of the Slavery question in the North and to destroy sectional parties. Should a kind Providence enable me to succeed in my efforts to restore harmony to the Union, I shall feel that I have not lived in vain." In the northern anti-slavery idiom of his day, Buchanan was often considered a "doughface", a northern man with southern principles.
The President, however, also felt that "this question of domestic slavery is the weak point in our institutions, touch this question seriously ... and the Union is from that moment dissolved. Although in Pennsylvania we are all opposed to slavery in the abstract, we can never violate the constitutional compact we have with our sister states. Their rights will be held sacred by us. Under the constitution it is their own question; and there let it remain."
Buchanan was irked that the abolitionists, in his view, were preventing the solution to the slavery problem. He stated, "Before abolitionists commenced this agitation, a very large and growing party existed in several of the slave states in favor of the gradual abolition of slavery; and now not a voice is heard there in support of such a measure. The abolitionists have postponed the emancipation of the slaves in three or four states for at least half a century."
Buchanan's indifference to educational issues was demonstrated by his veto of a bill passed by Congress to create more colleges, for he believed that "there were already too many educated people."
Near the end of his administration he had a serious exchange with the Rev. William Paxton. After what Paxton described as quite a probative discussion, Buchanan said, " Well, sir ... I hope I am a Christian. I have much of the experience you have described, and as soon as I retire, I will unite with the Presbyterian Church." Paxton asked why he delayed, to which he replied, "I must delay for the honor of religion. If I were to unite with the church now, they would say 'hypocrite' from Maine to Georgia."
Panic of 1857.
The Panic of 1857 began in summer of that year, brought on mostly by the people's over-consumption of goods from Europe to such an extent that the Union's specie was drained off, overbuilding by competing railroads, and rampant land speculation in the west. Most of the state banks had overextended credit, to more than $7.00 for each dollar of gold or silver. The Republicans considered the Congress to be the culprit for having recently reduced tariffs.
Buchanan's response, outlined in his first Annual Message to Congress, was "reform not relief". While the government was "without the power to extend relief", it would continue to pay its debts in specie, and while it would not curtail public works, none would be added. He urged the states to restrict the banks to a credit level of $3 to $1 of specie, and discouraged the use of federal or state bonds as security for bank note issues. The economy did eventually recover, though many Americans suffered as a result of the panic. The South, due to an agriculture-based economy, was considered to have been less severely affected than the North, where manufacturers were hardest hit. Buchanan, by the time he left office in 1861, had accumulated a federal deficit of $17 million.
Utah War.
In March 1857, Buchanan received conflicting reports from federal judges in the Utah Territory that their offices had been disrupted and they had been driven from their posts by the Mormons. He knew that the Pierce administration had refused to facilitate Utah being granted statehood and the Mormons feared the loss of their property rights. Accepting the wildest rumors and believing the Mormons to be in open rebellion against the United States, Buchanan sent the Army in November of that year to replace Brigham Young as Governor with the non-Mormon Alfred Cumming. While the Mormons' defiance of federal authority in the past had become traditional, some question whether Buchanan's action was a justifiable or prudent response to uncorroborated reports. Complicating matters, Young's notice of his replacement was not delivered because the Pierce administration had annulled the Utah mail contract. After Young reacted to the military action by mustering a two-week expedition destroying wagon trains, oxen and other Army property, Buchanan dispatched Thomas L. Kane as a private agent to negotiate peace. The mission succeeded, the new governor was shortly placed in office, and the Utah War ended. The President granted amnesty to all inhabitants who would respect the authority of the government, and moved the federal troops to a non-threatening distance for the balance of his administration.
Partisan deadlock.
The division between northern and southern Democrats allowed the Republicans to win a plurality in the House in the election of 1858. Their control of the chamber allowed the Republicans to block most of Buchanan's agenda (including his proposals for expansion of influence in Central America, and for the purchase of Cuba). Buchanan thought the ideologies of the United States would bring peace and prosperity to these neighboring lands as they had in the Northwest and that without U.S. influence, the major European powers would intervene. The imperative of safe and speedy travel from east to west was of strategic importance to the country. These goals would not be reached. Buchanan, in turn, vetoed six substantial pieces of Republican legislation, causing further hostility between Congress and the White House.
Covode Committee.
In March 1860, the House created the Covode Committee to investigate the administration for evidence of offenses, some impeachable, such as bribery and extortion of Representatives in exchange for their votes. The Committee, with three Republicans and two Democrats, was accused by Buchanan's supporters of being nakedly partisan; they also charged its chairman, Republican Rep. John Covode, with acting on a personal grudge (since the president had vetoed a bill that was fashioned as a land grant for new agricultural colleges, but was designed to benefit Covode's railroad company). However, the Democratic committee members, as well as Democratic witnesses, were equally enthusiastic in their pursuit of Buchanan, and as pointed in their condemnations, as the Republicans.
The committee was unable to establish grounds for impeaching Buchanan; however, the majority report issued on June 17 exposed corruption and abuse of power among members of his Cabinet as well as allegations (if not impeachable evidence) from the Republican members of the Committee, that Buchanan had attempted to bribe members of Congress in connection with the Lecompton constitution. (The Democratic report, issued separately the same day, pointed out that evidence was scarce but did not refute the allegations; one of the Democratic members, Rep. James Robinson, stated publicly that he agreed with the Republican report even though he did not sign it.)
Buchanan claimed to have "passed triumphantly through this ordeal" with complete vindication. Nonetheless, Republican operatives distributed thousands of copies of the Covode Committee report throughout the nation as campaign material in that year's presidential election.
Disintegration: election of 1860.
Sectional strife rose to such a pitch that the Democratic Party's national convention in 1860 led directly to a schism in the Party. Buchanan played little part at the national convention, meeting in Charleston, South Carolina. The southern wing walked out of the convention and nominated its own candidate for the presidency, incumbent Vice President John C. Breckinridge. Another faction nominated former Speaker of the House John Bell, who took no position on slavery; his only focus was on saving the Union. The remainder of the party finally nominated Buchanan's archenemy, Stephen Douglas. For his part, President Buchanan supported Breckinridge's candidacy. When the Republicans nominated Abraham Lincoln, it was a near certainty that he would be elected.
As early as October, the army's Commanding General, Winfield Scott, warned Buchanan that Lincoln's election would likely cause at least seven states to secede. He also recommended to Buchanan that massive amounts of federal troops and artillery be deployed to those states to protect federal property, although he also warned that few reinforcements were available (Congress had since 1857 failed to heed both men's calls for a stronger militia and had allowed the Army to fall into deplorable condition.) Buchanan, however, distrusted Scott (the two had long been political adversaries) and ignored his recommendations. After Lincoln's election, Buchanan directed War Secretary Floyd to reinforce southern forts with such provisions, arms and men as were available; however, Floyd convinced him to revoke the order.
With Lincoln's victory, talk of secession and disunion reached a boiling point. Buchanan was forced to address it in his final message to Congress. Both factions awaited news of how Buchanan would deal with the question. In his message, Buchanan denied the legal right of states to secede but held that the federal government legally could not prevent them. He placed the blame for the crisis solely on "intemperate interference of the Northern people with the question of slavery in the Southern States", and suggested that if they did not "repeal their unconstitutional and obnoxious enactments ... the injured States, after having first used all peaceful and constitutional means to obtain redress, would be justified in revolutionary resistance to the Government of the Union." Buchanan's only suggestion to solve the crisis was "an explanatory amendment" reaffirming the constitutionality of slavery in the states, the fugitive slave laws, and popular sovereignty in the territories. His address was sharply criticized both by the north, for its refusal to stop secession, and the south, for denying its right to secede. Five days after the address was delivered, Treasury Secretary Howell Cobb resigned, feeling that his views and the President's had become irreconcilable. 
Efforts were made by statesmen such as Sen. John J. Crittenden, Rep. Thomas Corwin, and former president John Tyler to negotiate a compromise to stop secession, with Buchanan's support; all failed. Failed efforts to compromise were also made by a group of governors meeting in New York. Buchanan employed a last-minute tactic, in secret, to bring a solution. He attempted in vain to procure President-elect Lincoln's call for a constitutional convention or national referendum to resolve the issue of slavery. Lincoln declined.
South Carolina declared its secession on December 20, 1860, followed by six other slave states, and, by February 1861, they had formed the Confederate States of America. As Scott had surmised, the secessionist governments declared eminent domain over federal property within their states; Buchanan and his administration took no action to stop the confiscation of government property.
Beginning in late December, Buchanan reorganized his cabinet, ousting Confederate sympathizers and replacing them with hard-line nationalists Jeremiah S. Black, Edwin M. Stanton, Joseph Holt and John A. Dix. These conservative Democrats strongly believed in American nationalism and refused to countenance secession. At one point, Treasury Secretary Dix ordered Treasury agents in New Orleans, "If any man pulls down the American flag, shoot him on the spot." The new cabinet advised Buchanan to request from Congress the authority to call up militias and give himself emergency military powers, and this he did, on January 8, 1861. Nevertheless, by that time Buchanan's relations with Congress were so strained that his requests were rejected out of hand. Many consider him as the worst President in history for his failure to prevent the American Civil War.
Fort Sumter.
Before Buchanan left office, all arsenals and forts in the seceding states were lost (except Fort Sumter, off the coast of Charleston, South Carolina, and three island outposts in Florida), and a fourth of all federal soldiers surrendered to the Texas militia. Knowing that secessionist fervor was strongest in South Carolina, Buchanan made a quiet pact with South Carolina's legislators that he would not reinforce the Charleston garrison in exchange for no interference from the state. However, Buchanan did not inform the Charleston commander, Major Robert Anderson, of the agreement, and on December 26 Anderson violated it by moving his command to Fort Sumter. Southerners responded with a demand that Buchanan remove Anderson, while northerners demanded support for the commander. On December 31, in an apparent panic and without consulting Anderson, Buchanan ordered reinforcements.
On January 5, Buchanan sent civilian steamer "Star of the West" to carry reinforcements and supplies to Fort Sumter, which, located in Charleston harbor, was a conspicuously visible spot in the Confederacy. On January 9, 1861, South Carolina state batteries opened fire on the ship, causing it to withdraw and return to New York. Buchanan was again criticized by both north (for lack of retaliation against the hostile South Carolina batteries) and south (for attempting to reinforce Fort Sumter), further alienating both factions. Paralyzed, Buchanan made no further moves either to prepare for war or to avert it.
On Buchanan's final day as president, March 4, 1861, he remarked to the incoming Lincoln, "If you are as happy in entering the White House as I shall feel on returning to Wheatland, you are a happy man."
Judicial appointments.
Buchanan appointed one Justice to the Supreme Court of the United States, Nathan Clifford. Buchanan appointed only seven other Article III federal judges, all to United States district courts. He also appointed two Article I judges to the United States Court of Claims.
Final years.
The Civil War erupted within two months of Buchanan's retirement. He supported it, writing to former colleagues that "the assault upon Sumter was the commencement of war by the Confederate states, and no alternative was left but to prosecute it with vigor on our part". He also wrote a letter to his fellow Pennsylvania Democrats, urging them to "join the many thousands of brave & patriotic volunteers who are already in the field".
However, Buchanan spent most of his remaining years defending himself from public blame for the Civil War, which was even referred to by some as "Buchanan's War". He began receiving angry and threatening letters daily, and stores displayed Buchanan's likeness with the eyes inked red, a noose drawn around his neck and the word "TRAITOR" written across his forehead. The Senate proposed a resolution of condemnation (it failed), and newspapers accused him of colluding with the Confederacy. His former cabinet members, five of whom had been given jobs in the Lincoln administration, refused to defend Buchanan publicly.
Initially so disturbed by the attacks that he fell ill and depressed, Buchanan finally began defending himself in October 1862, in an exchange of letters between himself and Winfield Scott that was published in the "National Intelligencer" newspaper. He soon began writing his fullest public defense, in the form of his memoir "Mr. Buchanan's Administration on the Eve of Rebellion", which was published in 1866.
Buchanan caught a cold in May 1868, which quickly worsened due to his advanced age. He died on June 1, 1868, from respiratory failure at the age of 77 at his home at Wheatland and was interred in Woodward Hill Cemetery in Lancaster.
Personal life.
In 1818, Buchanan met Anne Caroline Coleman at a grand ball at Lancaster's White Swan Inn, and the two began courting. Anne was the daughter of the wealthy iron manufacturing businessman (and protective father) Robert Coleman and sister-in-law of Philadelphia judge Joseph Hemphill, one of Buchanan's colleagues from the House of Representatives. By 1819, the two were engaged, but could spend little time together; Buchanan was extremely busy with his law firm and political projects during the Panic of 1819, which took him away from Coleman for weeks at a time. Conflicting rumors abounded, suggesting that he was marrying her for her money, because his own family was less affluent, or that he was involved with other women. Buchanan never publicly spoke of his motives or feelings, but letters from Anne revealed she was paying heed to the rumors.
After Buchanan visited a friend's wife, Coleman broke off the engagement. She died suddenly soon afterward, on December 9, 1819. The records of a Dr. Chapman, who looked after her in her final hours, and who commented just after her death that it was "the first instance he ever knew of hysteria producing death", reveal that he theorized, despite the absence of any valid evidence, that she had overdosed on laudanum, a concentrated tincture of opium. Buchanan was prevented from attending the funeral service. In a letter to her father he wrote, however, that "I feel happiness has fled from me forever."
After Coleman's death, Buchanan never courted another woman or seemed to show any emotional or physical interest; a rumor circulated of an affair with President James K. Polk's widow, but it had no basis. It has been suggested that Anne's death in fact served to deflect awkward questions about his sexuality and bachelorhood. While Buchanan may have been asexual or celibate, there are many indicators that suggest he was homosexual. The argument has been put forward by Shelley Ross, biographer Jean Baker, sociologist James W. Loewen, Robert P. Watson, and historian John Howard.
A source of this interest has been Buchanan's close and intimate relationship with William Rufus King (who became Vice President under Franklin Pierce). The two men lived together in a Washington boardinghouse for 10 years from 1834 until King's departure for France in 1844, after which point they never again shared a residence. King referred to the relationship as a "communion", and the two attended social functions together. Contemporaries also noted the closeness. Andrew Jackson called them "Miss Nancy" and "Aunt Fancy" (the former being a 19th-century euphemism for an effeminate man), while Aaron V. Brown referred to King as Buchanan's "better half". James W. Loewen described Buchanan and King as "siamese twins." In later years Kat Thompson, the wife of a cabinet member, expressed her anxiety that "there was something unhealthy in the president's attitude".
Buchanan adopted King's mannerisms and romanticised view of southern culture. Both had strong political ambitions and in 1844 they planned to run as president and vice president. One historian has found them both to be soft, effeminate, and eccentric. In May 1844, Buchanan wrote to Cornelia Roosevelt, "I am now 'solitary and alone,' having no companion in the house with me. I have gone a wooing to several gentlemen, but have not succeeded with any one of them. I feel that it is not good for man to be alone, and should not be astonished to find myself married to some old maid who can nurse me when I am sick, provide good dinners for me when I am well, and not expect from me any very ardent or romantic affection."
King became ill in 1853 and died of tuberculosis shortly after Pierce's inauguration, four years before Buchanan became President. Buchanan described him as "among the best, the purest and most consistent public men I have known." While some of their correspondence does not survive, the length and intimacy of surviving letters illustrate "the affection of a special friendship."
Buchanan remained a bachelor; during his presidency his orphaned niece, Harriet Lane, whom he had adopted, served as official White House hostess.
Legacy.
The day before his own death, Buchanan predicted that "history will vindicate my memory". Nevertheless, historians criticize Buchanan for his unwillingness or inability to act in the face of secession. Historical rankings of United States Presidents, considering presidential achievements, leadership qualities, failures and faults, consistently place Buchanan among the least successful presidents. In an academic poll of 47 British academics specializing in American history and politics in 2011, it was reported that he came last (40th). They were asked to evaluate the performance of every president from 1789 to 2009 (excluding William Henry Harrison and James Garfield, both of whom died shortly after taking office) in five categories: vision/agenda-setting, domestic leadership, foreign policy leadership, moral authority and positive historical significance of their legacy.
Buchanan biographer Philip Klein put these rankings into context commenting, "Buchanan assumed leadership ... when an unprecedented wave of angry passion was sweeping over the nation. That he held the hostile sections in check during these revolutionary times was in itself a remarkable achievement. His weaknesses in the stormy years of his presidency were magnified by enraged partisans of the North and South. His many talents, which in a quieter era might have gained for him a place among the great presidents, were quickly overshadowed by the cataclysmic events of civil war and by the towering Abraham Lincoln."
Others criticized Buchanan as well. Years before Buchanan won the White House, President James K. Polk confided to his diary: "Mr. Buchanan is an able man, but is in small matter without judgment and sometimes acts like an old maid." The "National Intelligencer," the leading Whig newspaper of the day, ridiculed Buchanan on January 24, 1859, for his follies as president, citing a series of his "magnificent" proposals that all failed:
Buchanan is remembered today for other missed opportunities rather than any significant accomplishments. He vetoed the Morrill Act and the Homestead Act, both of which Lincoln signed into law only a few years later, and which would prove to be two of the most influential pieces of legislation passed in the United States in the nineteenth century. The Homestead Act accelerated westward expansion, while the Morrill Act accelerated agricultural and engineering research and education to develop the young nation.
A bronze and granite memorial residing near the southeast corner of Washington, D.C.'s Meridian Hill Park was designed by architect William Gorden Beecher and sculpted by Maryland artist Hans Schuler. Commissioned in 1916 but not approved by the U.S. Congress until 1918, and not completed and unveiled until June 26, 1930, the memorial features a statue of Buchanan bookended by male and female classical figures representing law and diplomacy, with the engraved text reading: "The incorruptible statesman whose walk was upon the mountain ranges of the law", a quote from a member of Buchanan's cabinet, Jeremiah S. Black. The memorial in the nation's capital complemented an earlier monument, constructed in 1907–08 and dedicated in 1911, on the site of Buchanan's birthplace in Stony Batter, Pennsylvania. Part of the original memorial site, is a 250-ton pyramid structure which stands on the site of the original cabin where Buchanan was born. The monument was designed to show the original weathered surface of the native rubble and mortar.
Three counties are named in his honor: Buchanan County, Iowa, Buchanan County, Missouri, and Buchanan County, Virginia. Another in Texas was christened in 1858 but renamed Stephens County, after the newly elected Vice President of the Confederate States of America, Alexander Stephens, in 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="19732401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732401" title="Lehman Brothers Centre for Women in Business">
Lehman Brothers Centre for Women in Business

The Lehman Brothers Centre for Women in Business is based at London Business School and was established as a joint partnership between London Business School and Lehman Brothers, the investment bank.
The Lehman Brothers Centre for Women in Business provides thought leadership in relation to women in business. The Centre acts as an interface between the world of academia and business and seeks to influence practice and policy through academic research.
History.
The Centre was personally founded by Laura D'Andrea Tyson, the School's (first female) Dean, in 2006. Lynda Gratton, Professor of Management Practice and Organisational Behaviour at London Business School, is the Executive Director of the Lehman Brothers Centre for Women in Business. Lamia Walker is Associate Director of the Centre and responsible for its administration. Since 2006, research is led and conducted by Dr Elisabeth Kelan, the Centre's Senior Research Fellow.
In 2008, Judy Wajcman was a Visiting Professor at the Centre. In June 2008, she organised the “Humanising Work” symposium with Elisabeth Kelan at London Business School. The groundbreaking seminar attempted to expose business academics and practitioners to current research and knowledge in the social sciences and saw two talks by (Lord) Anthony Giddens and Richard Sennett. Stefan Stern from the Financial Times likened this event to an academic version of the Rumble in the Jungle and referred to it as the "Dialectic in the Park" - a reference to London Business School's Regent's Park campus. He authored several articles on the topic of "What sociologists can teach managers" discussing his impression that sociologists could help you run your company better than management gurus.
The Centre also introduced the Executive in Residence scheme with the intent to bridge the gap between theory and practice. Ellen Miller, Managing Director at Lehman Brothers and responsible for academic relations, currently holds this position.
Research.
The Centre has published extensively in its studies area:
It published two major reports:
It also published several working papers, such as...
In 2008, the Centre has launched a consortium-backed major research project on generational and gender transformations, led by Elisabeth Kelan, called "Gen(d)eration Y": Age diversity is at the top of the agenda for many HR professionals, and responding to generational changes is a crucial issue for attracting and retaining the best talent. Much has been written about Generations X and Y but there is no universally accepted definition of who belongs to which generation. Put simply, Gen Y refers to those under 30 while Gen X includes people over 30. While the generation game is a popular topic in the media, there is a lack of academic research exploring this area. The proposed "Gen(d)eration Y" attempts to change this gap. The first phase of the project looks at what has been written on Gen Y and young professionals both from an academic and a practitioner perspective and compared this with assumptions about Gen X. The research includes in-depth interviews with young professionals.
Lehman Collapse.
After the collapse of Lehman Brothers on September 15, 2008, questions were raised about the future existence of the Centre. According to media reports, Lehman Brothers had committed £1.75m over five years from 2006 to 2011 toward establishing the Centre. London Business School stated vis-à-vis Emiliya Mychasuk and Emiko Terazono's Financial Times People column that "...it was "business as usual"..." and that "...the name of the centre would be unchanged for "the time being"...". Since the Nomura purchase of some Lehman Brothers assets the Centre is known as "The Centre for Women in Business at London Business School".

</doc>
<doc id="19732408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732408" title="2007 Phoenix Mercury season">
2007 Phoenix Mercury season

The 2007 WNBA season was the 11th for the Phoenix Mercury. The Mercury won their first WNBA championship.
Offseason.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Mercury's selections in the 2007 WNBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19732413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732413" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 29">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 29

The 29th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Bucks County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19732436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732436" title="MOA-2007-BLG-400L">
MOA-2007-BLG-400L

MOA-2007-BLG-400L is a star located approximately 20000 light-years away in the constellation of Sagittarius. This star is presumed to be a red dwarf with a spectral type of M3V, based on its mass of 0.35 MS.
Planetary system.
In September 2008, the discovery of an extrasolar planet was announced by the Microlensing Observations in Astrophysics (MOA) Collaboration. This planet was detected by the gravitational microlensing method based on an event recorded in September 2007. The Microlensing Follow Up Network (μFUN) has not yet positively identified the source star.

</doc>
<doc id="19732440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732440" title="Yuen Cheung-yan">
Yuen Cheung-yan

Yuen Cheung-Yan is an actor, director, stuntman, and fight choreographer who has worked for many years in the Hong Kong film industry. During the 1970s and early 1980s, he worked with Yuen Woo-Ping (Yuen Cheung-Yan's brother) and other members of the Yuen family on several films, some of them bizarre kung fu comedies such as "Shaolin Drunkard" (1982) and "The Miracle Fighters" (1983).
Yuen's acting credits include "The One-Armed Swordsman" (1967), "Golden Swallow" (1968), "The Buddhist Fist" (1980), "Once Upon a Time in China" (1991), and "Kung Fu Hustle" (2004). His directing credits include "Shaolin Drunkard" (1982) and "Wizard's Curse" (1992).
More recently, Yuen Cheung-Yan has worked as a fight choreographer on Hollywood films such as "Charlie's Angels" (2000), "" (2003), "The Matrix Reloaded" (2003), and "The Matrix Revolutions" (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="19732463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732463" title="Agder Court of Appeal">
Agder Court of Appeal

Agder Court of Appeal () is the court of appeal located in Skien, Norway. It serves the counties of Aust-Agder, Telemark, Vest-Agder and Vestfold. The court has 21 judges and 13 administrative staff, including a director. The court is administrated by the Norwegian National Courts Administration.
The court has seven courtrooms, two each located in Skien, Tønsberg and Kristiansand, and one in Arendal. 
The court was created in 1936, and was given temporary accommodation in Skien, with the court room in the city hall. By 1991 the court was located at three different places in the city, before the current Tønsberg Courthouse was opened.

</doc>
<doc id="19732486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732486" title="Frederick Webb Headley">
Frederick Webb Headley

Frederick Webb Headley (10 April 1856 – 25 November 1919) was an English naturalist and author of books on evolution and Darwinism.
Frederick was the second son of Rev. Henry Headley, of Brinsop Vicarage, Herefordshire. He was educated at Harrow School and
the University of Cambridge, graduating in 1878, later becoming Assistant Master at Haileybury College, Hertfordshire,
where he remained until shortly before his death following an operation.
He was a member of the British Ornithologists' Union and a Fellow of the Zoological Society of London.
Bibliography.
This last title was left unfinished at Headley's death; it was completed for the press by W. Kennedy, who also added a second section on local history and antiquities.

</doc>
<doc id="19732490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732490" title="MOA-2007-BLG-400Lb">
MOA-2007-BLG-400Lb

MOA-2007-BLG-400Lb is an extrasolar planet located approximately 20000 light-years away in the constellation of Sagittarius, orbiting the star MOA-2007-BLG-400L. This planet was detected on September 18, 2008 by the gravitational microlensing by Dong. It has mass between 50% to 130% of Jupiter and orbits between 0.6 to 1.1 AU.

</doc>
<doc id="19732494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732494" title="Bibie">
Bibie

Bibie (pseudonym of Béatrice Adjorkor Anyankor, born on January 9, 1957, in Accra, Ghana) is a singer, famous for her 1985 hit "Tout doucement".
Biography.
Her childhood was marked by many countries where her father, a Ghanaian diplomat, was sent. Quickly, Bibie decided to devote herself to the singing, to the detriment of her studies.
After having tried several styles of Afro-American music, she moved to Paris, where she met the famous composer John Paul Dréau, who wrote the song "Tout doucement" for her. This song became a huge success in 1985, reaching number two in France. Certified Gold disc, the song was covered by Dalida in Italian-language and by Bibie herself in English-language. She also met success with "J'veux pas savoir", number 6 in France in 1986. She released the song "Tout simplement" in 1988, but was not able to repeat the same feat.
In the early 90s, Bibie continued her career, but enthusiasm of the public for her songs was no longer the same. As many other French female singers of the 1980s such as Sabine Paturel or Desireless, she fell again into anonymity.
After making a come back on French television, Bibie released an album in 2004 in the musical style of Tracy Chapman. While it was musically a critical success, the album was not fully embraced by her traditional audience. In the same year, she also took part in a French television show on the TF1 station called "Retour Gagnant" ("Winning Comeback"), where Julie Petri was the winner of the first season, and which was won this time by French singer Jean-Luc Lahaye.
In 2010, Bibie will take part in a music radio tour called "RFM party 80"

</doc>
<doc id="19732515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732515" title="Pattikada Pattanama">
Pattikada Pattanama

Pattikada Pattanama (; ) is a 1972 Indian Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan, Jayalalitha and Manorama. Pattikada Pattanama played for 189 days in theaters and turned out to be one of the box office hits of year 1972.
Plot.
Kalpana (Jayalalithaa) is a modern girl returning to India from London. She along with her parents go to a nearby village to attend a family function, where they meet Mookkaiya, the village chief. Kalpana immediately falls for him, but her mother is against this, as opposed to Kalpana's father. Kalpana is later due to get married to another man, but Mookkaiya rescues her from the marriage and subsequently they two get married. Kalpana's father blesses them, but her mother does not and estranges herself from Kalpana. Though Kalpana and Mookkaiya lead a happily married life, they are poles apart from each other; Kalpana is modern, while Mookkaiya is rustic. This eventually causes a rift, after Kalpana invites her friends to a party at the village house, and Mookkaiya sends them all out in rage. Startled, Kalpana separates herself from Mookkaiya and returns to her parents home. However, Mookkaiyan tries to learn western practices to impress Kalpana and get her back to the village, even he goes to the extent of impregnating her. But she only starts disliking him and with help from her mother, sends him away. A year later, her son his born but is taken away from her and to Mookkaiya's house. Whether she gets back her son and reconciles with Mookkaiya forms the rest of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="19732542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732542" title="Cologne Open">
Cologne Open

The Cologne Open is a defunct men's tennis tournament that was part of the ATP World Series of the ATP Tour for one year in 1992. The event was held in Cologne, Germany from September 14 through September 20, 1992 and was played on outdoor clay courts. The prize money for the tournament was $300,000. Bernd Karbacher won the singles event while Horacio de la Peña and Gustavo Luza teamed-up to win the doubles event. 

</doc>
<doc id="19732552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732552" title="Kuwait–Pakistan relations">
Kuwait–Pakistan relations

Kuwait–Pakistan relations are the relations between Kuwait and Pakistan. The relationship between both countries were brotherly and historical based on shared history, traditions and common culture. Kuwait and Pakistan had always enjoyed deep friendly, business and cultural ties but Kuwait's decision to ban visas for Pakistani nationals has strained relations between the two countries.
Commercial, economic and cultural ties.
Kuwait and Pakistan are the members of OIC. Pakistani forces took active part in the liberation of Kuwait along with coalition forces in 1991. After the end of the first Gulf War in 1991 Pakistani army engineers were involved in a programme of mine clearance in the country. The present level of Kuwaiti exports to Pakistan is $750 million. Pakistani exports to Kuwait are just $50 million. Kuwait and Pakistan have decided to expand their mutual trade to $1.0 billion annually in the next two to three years. The number of Pakistanis living in Kuwait is estimated to be around 100,000.
Aid to Pakistan.
Kuwait was also the first country to send aid to isolated mountain villages in Kashmir after the quake of 2005, also offering the largest amount of aid in the aftermath of the quake ($100m).
In response to the 2005 Kashmir earthquake, the Kuwaiti government pledged Pakistan US$100 million.
Moreover, in the aftermath of the 2010 Pakistan floods, the Kuwaiti government lifted a long standing ban on collecting donations in public. 
Visa Ban.
In 2011 Kuwait suspended the granting of visas to citizens from five countries, including Pakistan, for any purposes. The suspension was due to the "difficult security conditions in the five countries". This effectively bars Pakistani nationals from entering Kuwait, except perhaps Pakistani diplomats invited to Kuwait on official business. In banning Pakistani nationals from entering Kuwait, the Kuwaiti government has made it extremely hard for Pakistani businesses to operate and invest in Kuwait, driving away potential investors.

</doc>
<doc id="19732554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732554" title="Sister Margaret">
Sister Margaret

Sister Margaret may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19732559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732559" title="HD 60532">
HD 60532

HD 60532 is a white (F-type) main sequence star located approximately 84 light-years away in the constellation of Puppis, taking its primary name from its Henry Draper Catalogue designation. It is calculated to be 1.44 times more massive than the Sun. The star is only 59% as old as our Sun (2.7 Gyr) and has metallicity of only 38% that of our Sun. In 2008, two extrasolar planets were discovered in orbit around it.
Planetary system.
In September 2008, two Jupiter-like planets were found orbiting the star. The orbital periods of these two planets appear to be in 3:1 resonance.

</doc>
<doc id="19732560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732560" title="List of Hellsing chapters">
List of Hellsing chapters

This is a list of volumes and chapters of the seinen manga series "Hellsing" written and illustrated by Kouta Hirano. It first premiered in "Young King Ours" in 1997 and ran for eleven years until the final chapter was released in the November 2008 issue. The individual chapters are collected and published in "tankōbon" volumes by Shōnen Gahosha, with all 10 volumes released as of March 2009. In 2001, Hirano began publishing chapters of a prequel series, "Hellsing: The Dawn", in special editions of "Young King OURs", with six chapters released as of September 2008. "Hellsing" chronicles the efforts of the mysterious and secret Hellsing Organization, as it combats vampires, zombies called "ghouls", and other supernatural foes who threaten the United Kingdom.
The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Dark Horse Comics. The first volume was released on December 1, 2003 and as of October 2008, the company has published nine translated volumes. Chuang Yi is releasing the series in English in Singapore, with six volumes released as of October 2008, and through an agreement with the company, Madman Entertainment is re-releasing those volumes in Australia and New Zealand. "Hellsing" is also licensed for regional language releases in France by Editions Tonkam, in Italy by Dynit, in Germany by Planet Manga, in Poland by Japonica Polonica Fantastica and in Denmark and Sweden by Mangismo.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19732568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732568" title="Charles Higounet">
Charles Higounet

Charles Higounet (13 January 1911 – 8 April 1988) was a French historian medievalist, specialising in bastides and the Middle Ages in the southwest of France.
Biography.
Charles Higounet was a French medievalist who taught in Bordeaux III university from 1946 to 1979, where a research center was named after him. 
He used to be a specialist of bastides, (a new and specific form of city in the middle age), and south-west of France history, and he was especially noticed after his history of Bordeaux, for which he won the historical prize Grand prix Gobert in 1973. He also led a team work of an historical atlas for French cities. 
He also the "Que sais-je ?" (famous French collection of thousands of shorts reference essays, summarising the state of the knowledge on various subjects) on various forms of writing. The book has been re-edited more than ten times.

</doc>
<doc id="19732576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732576" title="Azz Izz">
Azz Izz

Azz Izz (released June 20, 1995) was the only album from R&B group, MoKenStef. Their biggest hit was "He's Mine", which peaked at #7 on the Billboard Hot 100. Their second single, "Sex in the Rain," generated much less success, reaching #63 on the R&B chart. 

</doc>
<doc id="19732580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732580" title="2001 Phoenix Mercury season">
2001 Phoenix Mercury season

The 2001 WNBA season was the fifth for the Phoenix Mercury. Cynthia Cooper became the second head coach in franchise history.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="19732588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732588" title="Songs of Fredman">
Songs of Fredman

Songs of Fredman () is a collection of 65 poems and songs published in 1791 by the Swedish poet Carl Michael Bellman. 
As a follow-up of Epistles of Fredman from the previous year, the book contains songs from a longer period. There are bible travesties ("Gubben Noak", "Gubben Loth och hans gamla Fru", "Joachim uti Babylon"), drinking songs ("Bacchi Proclama", "Til buteljen") and lyrical passages ("Haga (Fjäriln vingad)").
Grouping of the songs.
The Order of Bacchi.
Bellman had public performances known as the "Bacchus Orden" ("Order of Bacchi"). These consisted largely of travesties of the chivalric and society orders of the time, some of which Bellman himself was a member. These orders held strict ceremonials, and members were often expected to live a decent and "christian life". To be knighted in the "Order of Bacchi", it was required to at least twice have been observed publicly lying stupor in the gutter. Several of the songs from these performances are collected in "Songs of Fredman" (songs 1–6).
Death.
A common theme for songs 18–21 is Death.
Biblical travesties.
Bellman wrote drinking songs and bible travesties, and also mixed the two genres. The holy men from the Old Testament were portrayed as drunken bums. The travesties became popular all over the country, being spread (anonymously) by broadsheets and transcripts. Some of Bellman's bible travesties offended the church authorities. As shown in a 1768 letter from the Lund chapter, the church attempted to collect all prints and transcripts in circulation of the most popular song, "Gubben Noach", as well as other songs. "Gubben Noak" and eight other biblical travesties are included in "Fredmans Sånger" as songs number 35–43.
Bacchus' bankruptcy.
The songs 47–54 are part of a song play about "Bacchus' bankruptcy" ("Bacchi konkurs").
Other.
The other songs in the book are not naturally grouped by theme.
Persons.
The songs portray a series of persons, mostly people lapsed into heavy drinking. Named persons are Kolmodin (treasurer), Holmström, Nystedt (pub owner), Meissner (brewer), Steindecker (royal kettledrummer), Lundholm (brewer and distiller), Appelstubbe (customs officer), Österman (workshop owner), Halling (baker), Agrell (customs officer), Kämpendal, Nybom, Planberg, Joseph Israelson (student and poet) and Knapen (musician). In addition to these are the biblical figures, and also Bacchus and Venus, plus a few more.

</doc>
<doc id="19732598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732598" title="M65 Atomic Cannon">
M65 Atomic Cannon

The M65 Atomic Cannon, often called Atomic Annie, was a towed artillery piece built by the United States and capable of firing a nuclear device. It was developed in the early 1950s, at the beginning of the Cold War, and fielded by 1953 in Europe and Korea.
History.
Picatinny Arsenal was tasked to create a nuclear capable artillery piece in 1949. Robert Schwartz, the engineer who created the preliminary designs, essentially scaled up the 240mm shell (then the maximum in the arsenal) and used the German K5 railroad gun as a point of departure for the carriage. (The name "Atomic Annie" likely derives from the nickname "Anzio Annie" given to a German K5 gun which was employed against the American landings in Italy.) The design was approved by the Pentagon, largely through the intervention of Samuel Feltman, Chief of the Ballistics Section of the Ordnance Department’s Research and Development Division. A three-year developmental effort was begun. The project proceeded quickly enough to produce a demonstration model to participate in Dwight Eisenhower's inaugural parade in January 1953.
The cannon was transported by two specially designed tractors, both capable of independent steering in the manner of some extra-long fire engines. Each of the tractors was rated at 375 hp, and the somewhat awkward combination could achieve speeds of 35 miles an hour and negotiate right angle turns on 28 ft wide, paved or packed roads. The artillery piece could be unlimbered in 15 minutes, then returned to traveling configuration in another 15 minutes.
On May 25, 1953 at 8:30am, the Atomic Cannon was tested at Nevada Test Site (specifically Frenchman Flat) as part of the Upshot-Knothole series of nuclear tests. The test — codenamed Grable — was attended by then Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Arthur W. Radford and Secretary of Defense Charles Erwin Wilson; it resulted in the successful detonation of a 15 kt shell (W9 warhead) at a range of 7 miles. This was the first and only nuclear shell to be fired from a cannon (the Little Feller 1 test shot of an M388 used a Davy Crockett Weapon System which was a recoilless rifle firing the warhead mounted on the end of a spigot inserted in the barrel of the weapon.)
After the successful test, there were at least 20 of the cannons manufactured at Watervliet and Watertown Arsenals, at a cost of $800,000 each. They were deployed overseas to Europe and Korea, often continuously shifted around to avoid being detected and targeted by opposing forces. Due to the size of the apparatus, their limited range, the development of nuclear shells compatible with existing artillery pieces (the W48 for the 155mm and the W33 for the 203mm), and the development of rocket and missile based nuclear artillery, the M65 was effectively obsolete soon after it was deployed. However, it remained a prestige weapon and was not retired until 1963.
Survivors.
Of the twenty M65s produced, at least eight survive on display. Most no longer have their "prime movers".

</doc>
<doc id="19732600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732600" title="HD 60532 b">
HD 60532 b

HD 60532 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 84 light-years away in the constellation of Puppis, orbiting the star HD 60532. This planet has a true mass of 3.15 times more than Jupiter which orbits at 0.77 AU and takes 201.83 days to revolve in an eccentric orbit. This planet was discovered on September 22, 2008 in La Silla Observatory using the HARPS spectrograph. On this same day, the second planet in this system, HD 60532 c, was discovered in a 1:3 orbital resonance.

</doc>
<doc id="19732608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732608" title="Hakone Ropeway">
Hakone Ropeway

The is the name of an aerial lift, as well as its operator. The funitel line links between Sōunzan and Tōgendai via Ōwakudani, all within Hakone, Kanagawa, Japan. The line became funitel in 2002, the second of its kind in the nation, after Hashikurasan Ropeway. It makes a part of the sightseeing route between Odawara and Lake Ashi. The company belongs to the Odakyū Group.
Basic data.
Hakone Ropeway was a single line until 2001. From 2002, it became a system consisted of two distinct sections, although they are still treated as the same line.

</doc>
<doc id="19732614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732614" title="Morales de Valverde">
Morales de Valverde

Morales de Valverde is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 271 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="19732616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732616" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 30">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 30

The 30th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19732620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732620" title="1983 South Australian Open – Singles">
1983 South Australian Open – Singles

Mike Bauer successfully defended his title, defeating Miloslav Mečíř 3–6, 6–4, 6–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19732621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732621" title="Finsterwolde">
Finsterwolde

Finsterwolde is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen, about 7 km northeast of the city of Winschoten. Finsterwolde was a separate municipality until 1990, when it was merged with Beerta into Reiderland. In 2010 Reiderland merged into the municipality Oldambt. The old municipality of Finsterwolde included six small nearby or connecting settlements. These are also taken into account in the population estimate of 2008, without which the actual population, purely based on the centre and new developments, would be 1250.
The town was named 'Little Moscow' by TIME magazine in 1950, because communists have always had the majority of the votes since 1933.
Born in Finsterwolde.
Arie Haan (1948), Dutch footballer and coach

</doc>
<doc id="19732627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732627" title="Nathan Carruth">
Nathan Carruth

Nathan Carruth (December 25, 1808 – May 19, 1881) was an American railroad pioneer.
Early life.
Nathan Carruth, fourth son of Francis and Mary Hale Carruth, was educated in his native town North Brookfield, Massachusetts and resided there until seventeen years old. Coming to Boston in 1825, in the succeeding year he was employed as a clerk by a concern engaged in the West India goods trade, and he then served an apprenticeship in the drug store of Messrs. Fletcher and Carruth. After the dissolution of that firm in 1831, he entered into partnership with his brother Francis Sumner, under the firm name of F.S. & N. Carruth. They were associated in business for eight years, at the expiration of which time Nathan Carruth formed a co-partnership with his younger brother Charles, under the firm name of N. & C. Carruth. The latter concern had a most successful career in the drug business in Boston, covering a period of almost 40 years.
The revolutionizing of traffic made possible by the advent of steam as a motive power found a most enthusiastic supporter in Mr. Nathan Carruth, who devoted much time, energy, and capital to the introduction of railway lines in Massachusetts and other New England States. Nathan Carruth's advocating of railway lines in Massachusetts begans with the Western Railroad around 1832. A railway line he would later sit on the Board of Director's of between 1840-1842. In Mr. Carruth's early years of advocating he became interested in their development and the very first Old Colony Memorial Railroad in 1835 was organized and contracted to build the line, to run from the end of the Taunton Branch Railroad. The Old Colony Memorial Railroad later incorporating into the first Old Colony Railroad Corporation in 1838. Mr. Carruth not only labored to promote their establishment, but after their completion he took an active interest in their welfare. After several years of successful and profitable operation of the Western Railroad and the Taunton Branch Railroad, the movement of expanding railways south of, and around Boston, and other New England states began in 1842. Mr. Nathan Carruth once again found himself advocating for railroads expansion. This period of advocating lasted nearly 2 years and simply put, pitted railroad expansion advocates against farmers. By 1842 Mr. Carruth's experience and success with the Western Railroad became a powerful tool in advocating the recreation of the Old Colony Railroad Corporation and expanding on the proposed line south of Boston. In 1842 a town hall meeting was held in Dorchester and is recorded as a much lively debate in which all kinds of accusing statements were made on all sides. Farmers being fearful of an iron monster of the day. Problems seen in the City of Boston expanding with railways to their farming community, where some of the argument's anti-rail expansion advocates argued. Politically, Mr. Carruth was a Republican, in 1842 the Republican party in Massachusetts was enjoying good public opinion with the success of every railroad built to that point. Addition effects of railroads were being documented in 1842 that somewhat sold themselves, to name a few where increased value of land around the Western Railroad's line, and farmers along the Western Railroad's line enjoyed increased profits on crops. The benefit of delivering Boston's and Massachusetts crops and goods to Boston port's became the focus of the The Old Colony Railroad and the Republican Party railway supporter's advocating in 1843. The argument and documented effect meant that Boston's economy would grow with rails expansion. An argument anti-rail expansion advocates would not be able to overcome and in March 1844 the Old Colony Railroad was once again reborn under Nathan Carruth.
Old Colony Railroad Corporation.
Besides being the first president and general manager of the Old Colony Railroad Corporation, he was for a number of years Director and Treasurer of the Northern Railroad of New Hampshire, and Director of the Dorchester and Milton Branch Railroad. He continued his involvement with railway advocating with the Old Colony Street Railway and the Metropolitan Railroad, Massachusetts up until 1875, when the last Boston Globe newspaper article is found about Mr. Nathan Carruth. During this period between 1854–1874, Mr. Carruth was the president of the Dorchester Gaslight Company, Co-Founder and Director of Cedar Grove Cemetery and a director of the Mattapan Bank. The massive Old Colony system, which began under Mr. Nathan Carruth, fell under lease to the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad on March 1, 1893. The NYNH&H merged into Penn Central in 1969, which was in turn merged into Conrail in 1976, the lines in New England now being CSX Transportation.
Ashmont.
In 1847 Mr. Carruth moved to Dorchester, laying out at great expense a most attractive estate in what is now known as Ashmont. An Andrew J Downing inspired Gothic Victorian estate designed by Victorian architect Luther Briggs, also designer of the Old Colony Railroad headquarters in 1844. Starting sometime with 1849 approval of The Old Colony Railroad's Ashmont Station, Nathan Carruth along with business partner Charles Dodge, a Boston Shipping Company owner, built 3 estate houses directly off the Ashmont T's 1850 station in the architect style suggested by Andrew J. Downing 1842 Cottage Residences Books, Nathan Carruth House was a Gothic Irregular Style, Charles Dodges Carruth Hill Estate was an Italian Symmetrical Style, and closest to Ashmont's Train 1850 Station, was a small English Style resident, all laid out as the 1842 Andrew J. Downing estate ground layout suggested. As the Andrew J Downing Building theory of the irregular shape house and the symmetrical house shape suggests the start to building Victorian American communities. Mr. Nathan Carruth using the talents of a young local Dorchester architect Luther Briggs Jr., began engaging in the promoting and development of South Dorchester's neighborhoods. Mr. Carruth continued to look to the services of Victorian Architect Luther Briggs Jr., in this promoting to build Dorchester neighborhoods, and even engaged Mr. Briggs services in laying out the streets in Mr. Carruth's personal Railroad Suburb vision on Carruth Hill. Many early concepts of Transit Oriented Development by Dr. Lardner and Andrew J. Downing are applied in real life for the first time along the Old Colony Railroad's South line in this early relationship between Mr. Nathan Carruth and a young Luther Briggs Jr. and led to many buildings showing up around the Old Colony system line's between 1844–1880, which after 1850 were creating a circle around both Carruth Hill and Pope's Hill in Dorchester. Part of an overall early Transit Oriented Development Design Site Plan by Luther Briggs Jr. embedding the Old Colony Railroad as a Gothic Railroad Suburb Design. The First American Master Planned Community outlaid of sorts. Which leds to Luther Briggs Jr. actually designed a smaller section with the first planned suburb community, known as Port Norfolk, South Boston today. In 1854 Mr. Carruth Co-Founded along with William Pope, the Dorchester Gaslight Company. Which began offering services to South Dorchester neighborhoods, which in the mid-1850s into the 1870s consisted largely of Victorian Estates of several acres or more. Many having been designed by Luther Briggs Jr. in the Andrew J. Downing and Calvert Vaux suggested styles. With the Old Colony Railroad Lines in Dorchester and the formation of the Dorchester Gaslight company, South Dorchester experienced growth that turned a farming community into an estate suburb, which than in turn led to the City of Boston annexing Dorchester in 1870. With these events in place and now City of Boston services with streets, water, and sewage. Dorchester and South Dorchester experienced the first recorded housing boom and bust in 1870 Boom-1873 Bust. Which helped to led the United States into a mini depression and locally in Dorchester took about seven years for the real estate market to recover. 
Mr. Nathan Carruth's Estate and Personal railroad suburb vision, was on the east side of Dorchester Ave. called Beechmont/Beaumont and would become one of the first Railroad Suburbs taking nearly 30 years to build. Although it was not fully realized in Mr. Carruth's lifetime. Nathan's estate which started at than grow to as much as was a long and tireless vision that at its end was finished by Nathan Carruth's son, Herbert S. Carruth. The Old Colony Railroad line started it, by having reasonable means to assess downtown Boston, the Dorchester Gaslight Company expanded it, by means of houses could receive the same services as living close into Boston. But it was the annexation of Dorchester by Boston and the services brought by it that set Mr. Carruth 30 year vision in solid stone that the South Boston Suburbs would again grow. Even though Mr. Nathan Carruth and Luther Briggs Jr. had been engaged in promoting and building houses around South Dorchester, outside of Nathan's Gothic Victorian house his personal vision of a neighborhood had not begun. It began in 1876-1877 with the building of 24 and 30 Beaumont Street. Beaumont Street which was Carruth Estate's private carriageway became the display's of the personal vision. 30 Beaumont Street build for Nathan's 22 year old son Herbert S. Carruth and wife Anne F. Pope, was a Second Empire Italian Revival Victorian designed by Luther Briggs Jr. and considered an old design style in 1877. It's noteworthy that out of 30 years Luther Briggs Jr. designs the Italian Style up to 1877 and the 20 years after 1877 Luther Briggs is still an architect. Luther Briggs design no more Italian Style Victorian houses after 30 Beaumont Street's Building. 24 Beaumont Street., a Romanesque Gothic Revival style, was designed by John Fox. Built for a family member of William Pope's. 24 and 30 Beaumont Street being a 1876-1877 Andrew J. Downing Building theory again of the Irregular House Shape and the Symmetrical House Shape applied by Luther Briggs Jr., and used as sales models for the rest of the community to be built. 
It would be 24 and 30 Beaumont Street being built, a Community Building theory, that kicks off the development of the Carruth Street area in the early to mid-1880s, by Nathan Carruth's son Herbert S. Carruth. By these two houses being on Carruth Estate's (Nathan Carruth's property) private carriageway, deed restrictions where born in America. Nathan Carruth instructed son Herbert S. Carruth on Stabling Horse as a business, and Dr. Lardner's use of Property Deed Maintenance Restrictions Nathan Carruth applied in Railroads, which leds Herbert S. Carruth to found the first House Deed Restrictions and Community Agreement to stable horses at the original 1847 Carruth Estate stables of the estate property. Herbert S. Carruth charged a maintenance fee for Beaumont Street and the community stables. By 1891, the Carruth Hill by Nathan Carruth's 1847 vision was only several years away from completion by Herbert S. Carruth.
Death.
Nathan Carruth resided in Dorchester for the rest of his life and died at his home on May 19, 1881. He is buried at Cedar Grove Cemetery Ashmont, Co-Founded by Mr. Carruth and a part of the building of Mr. Nathan Carruth's Old Colony Railroad Victorian American Suburb.

</doc>
<doc id="19732644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732644" title="HD 60532 c">
HD 60532 c

HD 60532 c is an extrasolar planet located approximately 84 light-years away in the constellation of Puppis, orbiting the star HD 60532. This planet has a true mass of 7.46 times more than Jupiter which orbits at 1.58 AU and takes 607 days to revolve in an eccentric orbit. This planet was discovered on September 22, 2008 in La Silla Observatory using the HARPS spectrograph. On this same day, the second planet in this system, HD 60532 b, was discovered in a 3:1 orbital resonance.

</doc>
<doc id="19732647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732647" title="Pierre de Boissat">
Pierre de Boissat

Pierre de Boissat (1603 in Vienne, Isère – 28 March 1662) was a soldier, writer, poet and translator.
Knight and Count Palatine, Boissat began his career in the military. He was one of the first members of the Académie française, and first to occupy the Academy's seat 31 in 1634. Boissat translated "Les fables d'Esope Phrygien, illustrées de Discours moraux, philosophiques et politiques", published in 1633 by his friend Jean Baudouin, used by Jean de La Fontaine. He is also attributed with "Une Morale chrétienne" and "Une Histoire négropontique". His home, l'hôtel Pierre de Boissat, on rue des Orfèvres in Vienne, département Isère (France) exists today as an historic monument.

</doc>
<doc id="19732655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732655" title="Curculio (play)">
Curculio (play)

Curculio, also called "The Weevil", is a Latin comedic play for the early Roman theatre by Titus Maccius Plautus. It is the shortest of Plautus's surviving plays.
Plot.
In "Curculio", Phaedromus is in love with Planesium, a slave girl belonging to the pimp Cappadox. Phaedromus sends Curculio (a stock parasite character) to borrow money. Unsuccessful, Curculio happens to run into Therapontigonus, a soldier who intends to purchase Planesium. After Curculio learns of his plans, he steals the soldier's ring and returns to Phaedromus. They fake a letter and seal it using the ring. Curculio takes it to the soldier's banker Lyco, tricking him into thinking he was sent by Therapontigonus. Lyco pays Cappadox, under the conditions that the money will be returned if it is later discovered that she is freeborn. Curculio takes the girl back to Phaedromus. When the trick is later discovered, the angry Therapontigonus confronts the others. However, Planesium has discovered from the ring that she is actually Therapontigonus's sister. Since she is freeborn, Therapontigonus is returned his money, and Planesium is allowed to marry Phaedromus.

</doc>
<doc id="19732670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732670" title="Rosemount Middle School">
Rosemount Middle School

Rosemount Middle School (RMS) is a middle school in Rosemount, Minnesota, USA. Rosemount Middle is a Blue Ribbon School that is managed by the Independent School District 196.
Academic standards.
During the 1999-00 school year, Rosemount Middle was recognized with the Blue Ribbon School Award of Excellence by the United States Department of Education, the highest award an American school can receive. The school is not a Title 1 school and in 2007 failed meeting Adequate Yearly Progress due to special education students not being proficient in math or reading. In the 2010-2011 school year, the RMS test scores dropped to below meeting the standards.
Facilities.
Part of the school building dates back to 1918 and a decision was taken in 1998 to preserve this when the school was upgraded. In 1992 a rooftop fire broke out that caused $10,000 to $20,000 worth of damage during construction of a new addition on the school. The addition added classroom space for 300 students.
Fund-raising.
The students are known for their fund-raising efforts for charity, raising over $7,000 in 2005 for example.
Feeder schools.
The following schools feed into Rosemount Middle:
Demographics.
1,131 students, 99% male, 1% female. Teacher:Student ratio 1:17.
Students by Grade
Students by Ethnicity

</doc>
<doc id="19732690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732690" title="John Tyler">
John Tyler

John Tyler (March 29, 1790 – January 18, 1862) was the tenth President of the United States (1841–1845). A native of Virginia, Tyler served as a state legislator, governor, U.S. representative, and U.S. senator before winning election as Vice President in 1840. Although he was a Democrat, he ran on the Whig ticket with William Henry Harrison. He became president on the death of Harrison in April 1841. A firm believer in American exceptionalism and manifest destiny, President Tyler sought to strengthen and preserve the Union through territorial expansion, most famously the annexation of the independent Republic of Texas in his last days in office.
Tyler became the first Vice President to succeed to the office of President on the death of the incumbent. He was also the first of five persons to serve as President without ever being elected to that office. Tyler's opposition to federalism and emphatic support of states' rights endeared him to his fellow Virginians but alienated him from most of the political allies who brought him to power in Washington. Opposition from both the Democratic and the Whig parties crippled his presidency. Near the end of his life he would side with the South in its secession from the United States.
Tyler, born to an aristocratic Virginia family of English descent, came to national prominence at a time of political upheaval. In the 1820s, the nation's only political party, the Democratic-Republicans, split into factions, most of which did not share Tyler's strict constructionist ideals. Though initially a Democrat, his opposition to Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren led him to alliance with the Whig Party. He was put on the ticket to attract disaffected Democrats.
Upon the death of President Harrison on April 4, 1841, only a month after his inauguration, a short Constitutional crisis arose over the succession process. Tyler immediately moved into the White House, took the oath of office, and assumed full presidential powers, a precedent that would govern future successions and eventually become codified in the Twenty-fifth Amendment.
As President, Tyler opposed the Whig platform and vetoed several Whig party proposals. As a result, most of his cabinet resigned, and the Whigs, dubbing him "His Accidency", expelled him from the party. While he faced a stalemate on domestic policy, he still had several foreign-policy achievements, including the Webster–Ashburton Treaty with Britain and the Treaty of Wanghia with Qing China. Tyler dedicated his last two years in office to the annexation of Texas. He sought election to a full term, but he had alienated both Whigs and Democrats and his efforts to form a new party came to nothing. In the last days of his term, Congress passed the resolution authorizing the Texas annexation, which was carried out by Tyler's successor as President, James K. Polk.
Tyler essentially retired from electoral politics until the outbreak of the Civil War in 1861. He sided with the Confederate government, and won election to the Confederate House of Representatives shortly before his death.
Although some have praised Tyler's political resolve, historians generally hold his presidency in low esteem; 21st-century Americans considered him an obscure president, with little presence in the American cultural memory.
Early life and law career.
John Tyler was born on March 29, 1790, the first President to be born after the adoption of the Constitution. From birth he was politically tied to his future running mate William Henry Harrison: both were born in Charles City County, Virginia, and descended from aristocratic and politically entrenched families. The Tyler family proudly traced its lineage to colonial Williamsburg in the 17th century. JohnTyler,Sr., popularly known as Judge Tyler, was a friend and college roommate of Thomas Jefferson and served in the Virginia House of Delegates alongside William's father Benjamin Harrison V. Judge Tyler served four years as Virginia Speaker of the House before becoming a state court judge. He would later serve as governor and as a judge on the U.S. District Court at Richmond. His wife, Mary Marot (Armistead), was the daughter of a prominent plantation owner, Robert Booth Armistead. She died of a stroke when her son John was seven years old.
The young Tyler was raised with his two brothers and five sisters on Greenway Plantation, a estate with a six-room mansion his father had built. Various crops including wheat, corn, and tobacco were grown at Greenway by the Tylers' forty slaves. Tyler was an unhealthy child, very thin and prone to chronic diarrhea. Such afflictions would continue to burden him throughout his life. At the age of twelve, he entered the preparatory branch of the elite College of William and Mary, continuing the Tyler family's tradition of attending the college. Tyler graduated from the school's collegiate branch in 1807, at age seventeen. Among the books that informed his economic views was Adam Smith's "The Wealth of Nations". His political views were deeply shaped by Bishop James Madison, the college's president, who served as a second father and mentor to him.
After graduation Tyler went on to study law with his father, who was a state judge at the time. Tyler was admitted to the bar at the age of 19, in violation of bar regulations: the judge who administered the bar exam neglected to inquire about his age. By this time his father had become Governor of Virginia (1808–1811), and the young Tyler started a practice in Richmond. In 1813, he purchased Woodburn and resided there until 1821.
Early political career.
Start in Virginia politics.
At the age of 28, Tyler was elected by his fellow Charles City County residents to the Virginia House of Delegates, the lower house of the Virginia General Assembly. He served five successive one-year terms (and would return later in his career), seated on the Courts and Justice committee. The young politician's defining attributes were on display by the end of his first term: a strong support of states' rights and opposition to a national bank. He joined fellow legislator, Benjamin W. Leigh, in pushing for the censure of U.S. Senators William Branch Giles and Richard Brent from Virginia, who had voted for the recharter of the First Bank of the United States against the legislature's instructions.
In addition to infighting over the national bank, the United States was facing ongoing hostilities with Britain in the War of 1812. Tyler's education had impressed on him a strong sense of anti-British nationalism, and at the onset of the war he urged military action on the assembly floor. After the British capture of Hampton, Virginia in the summer of 1813, Tyler eagerly organized a small militia company of county residents to defend Richmond, but no attack came their way and he dissolved the company two months later. That same year his father died, and Tyler inherited thirteen slaves along with his father's estate. In 1816 he resigned to serve on the Governor's Council of State, a group of eight advisers elected by the legislature.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Tyler's three terms in the United States House of Representatives would be his foray into national politics. The death of U.S. Representative John Clopton in the fall of 1816 left a vacancy in the 23rd district which Tyler was well positioned to fill. He faced his friend and political ally Andrew Stevenson, then Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates, in the congressional election. The race was amicable despite the high political stakes. Tyler's political connections and campaigning skills won him the election by a slim margin. He was sworn in as a Democratic-Republican to the Fourteenth Congress on December 17, 1816, to complete Clopton's term. He was re-elected to a full term the following spring.
While the Democratic-Republicans had a historical platform of states' rights, they had begun to adopt nationalist tendencies. In the wake of the War of 1812, Congress was pushing to fund the states' reconstruction and infrastructure projects. Tyler held fast to his strict constructionist beliefs, rejecting such proposals on both constitutional and personal grounds. Virginia was not "in so poor a condition as to require a "charitable" donation from Congress," he contended. He was chosen to participate in an audit of the Second Bank of the United States in 1818 as part of a five-person committee, and was appalled by perceived corruption within the bank. He argued for the annulment of the bank charter, although Congress rejected any such proposal. His first clash with then-General Andrew Jackson followed Jackson's 1818 invasion of Florida during the First Seminole War. While praising Jackson's character, Tyler condemned the general's zealous behavior and his execution of two British subjects. Tyler was re-elected without opposition in early 1819.
The defining issue of the Sixteenth Congress (1819–21) was the admission of Missouri to the Union, and whether slavery would be permitted in the new state. Tyler was a slaveholder for his entire life, at one point keeping forty slaves at Greenway. While he regarded slavery as an evil, and never attempted to justify it, he never agreed with national emancipation, and never freed any of his slaves even at the dawn of the Civil War. The living conditions of his slaves are not well documented, but historians agree that he cared for their well-being and abstained from physical violence against them.
Tyler was a leader in opposing the Missouri Compromise of 1820, which would for the first time establish national boundaries for the establishment of slavery. In his view, the compromise served only to diminish and divide the states, while unnecessarily expanding federal authority. Acknowledging the ills of slavery, he argued that allowing it in Missouri would attract existing slave-owners from Southern states, dissipating the population of slaves and reducing each state's reliance on the practice. Thus, in his view, emancipation would occur organically at the state level without federal intervention. He voted against the Missouri Compromise—which passed regardless—and all bills which would restrict slavery in new territories.
Tyler declined to seek renomination to Congress in late 1820, citing illness. He privately acknowledged his dissatisfaction with the office, as his opposing votes were largely symbolic and did little to change the political culture in Washington; he also observed that funding his children's education would be difficult on a Congressman's low salary. He left office on March 4, 1821, endorsing his former opponent Stevenson for the seat, and returned to private law practice.
Return to state politics.
He was soon drafted for a second stint in the Virginia House of Delegates, which lasted from December 1823 to December 1825. Upon taking office he found the chamber thrust into debate over the impending presidential election of 1824. The congressional nominating caucus, an early system for choosing presidential candidates, was still in effect despite its growing unpopularity. Tyler attempted to bring the lower house to endorse the caucus system and choose William H. Crawford as the Democratic-Republican candidate. Despite the legislature's support of Crawford, opposition to the caucus system killed his proposal. Tyler's most lasting effort in this second legislative tenure was salvaging the College of William and Mary, which suffered from waning attendance and risked closure. Rather than move it from rural Williamsburg to the populous capital of Richmond, as some suggested, Tyler proposed that a series of administrative and financial reforms be enacted. His reforms were successfully adopted: by 1840 the school would see its highest-ever attendance.
Tyler's political fortunes were growing, with his name taken up for consideration in the 1824 U.S. Senate election. He was nominated in December 1825 for Governor of Virginia, a position which was then appointed by the legislature. He was elected 131–81 over John Floyd, whose candidacy had little traction. The office of governor was determinately powerless under the original Virginia Constitution (1776–1830), lacking even veto authority. Tyler enjoyed a prominent oratorical platform but could do little to influence the legislature. His most visible act as governor was delivering the funeral address for President Thomas Jefferson, a Virginia native who died on July 4, 1826. Tyler was deeply devoted to Jefferson, and his ornate eulogy was well received.
Tyler's governorship was otherwise uneventful. He promoted states' rights and adamantly opposed any concentration of federal power. In order to thwart federal infrastructure proposals, he suggested Virginia actively expand its own road system. A proposal was made to expand the state's poorly funded public school system, but no significant action was taken. Tyler was re-elected unanimously to a second term in December 1826.
U.S. Senate.
In January 1827, the Virginia General Assembly was considering the impending re-election of U.S. Senator John Randolph. Randolph was a contentious figure: although he shared the staunch states' rights views held by most of the Virginia legislature, he had a reputation for fiery rhetoric and erratic behavior on the Senate floor, which put his allies in an awkward position. Furthermore, he had made enemies by fiercely opposing John Quincy Adams and Henry Clay. The nationalist wing of the Democratic–Republican Party, who supported Adams and Clay, were a sizable minority in the Virginia legislature. They hoped to unseat Randolph by capturing the vote of states'-rights supporters who were uncomfortable with the senator's reputation. They approached Tyler, and promised their endorsement if he ran against Randolph. Tyler repeatedly declined the offer, endorsing Randolph as the best candidate, but the political pressure continued to mount. Eventually he conceded that he would accept the seat if chosen, and the legislature elected him in a vote of 115—110. He resigned his governorship on March 4, 1827, as his Senate term began.
Tenuous alliance.
By that time of Tyler's election to the Senate, the 1828 presidential election was in progress. Adams, the incumbent President, was challenged by Andrew Jackson. The Democratic-Republicans had splintered into Adams' National Republicans and the Jacksonian Democrats. Tyler was repulsed by both candidates, each embodying the nationalist views he had always rejected. Still, he was increasingly drawn to Jackson, hoping that he would be less insistent on internal improvements than Adams. In considering Jackson he wrote, "Turning to him I may at least indulge in hope; looking on Adams I must despair."
The first session of the Twentieth Congress began in early December 1827. Tyler served alongside his close friend Littleton Waller Tazewell, a fellow Virginian who shared his strict constructionist views and uneasy support of Jackson. Throughout his Senate service, Tyler vigorously opposed all bills which provided for national infrastructure projects. He and his Southern colleagues were appalled by the protectionist Tariff of 1828, known to its detractors as the "Tariff of Abominations". Tyler suggested that the Tariff's only positive outcome would be a national political backlash, restoring a respect for states' rights.
Despite supporting Jackson in the 1828 election, Tyler soon found points of disagreement with the President. He was frustrated by Jackson's newly emerging spoils system, describing it as an "electioneering weapon". He voted against many of the President's nominations when they appeared to be based on patronage or did not follow Constitutional procedure. Such an act was considered "an act of insurgency" against his party. He was particularly offended by Jackson's use of the recess appointment power to name three treaty commissioners to meet with Turkey; he authored a bill chastising the President for this use of executive power.
Still, Tyler attempted to remain on good terms with Jackson, only opposing him on principle rather than partisanship. He defended Jackson for vetoing the Maysville Road funding project, which Jackson considered unconstitutional. He voted to confirm several of the President's appointments (including Jackson's future running mate Martin Van Buren) despite strong opposition from the National Republicans. The leading issue in the 1832 presidential election was the recharter of the Second Bank of the United States, which both Tyler and Jackson opposed. Congress voted to recharter the bank in July 1832, and Jackson vetoed the bill for a mixture of constitutional and practical reasons. Tyler voted to sustain the veto and endorsed Jackson for re-election.
Break with Democrats.
Tyler's uneasy relationship with his party came to a head during the 22nd Congress, as the Nullification Crisis of 1832–33 began. The state of South Carolina, threatening secession, passed the Ordinance of Nullification in November 1832, declaring the "Tariff of Abominations" null and void within its borders. This raised the constitutional question of whether states had the right to nullify federal laws. President Jackson, who denied such a right, prepared to sign a Force Bill allowing the federal government to use military action to enforce the tariff in South Carolina. Tyler, who sympathized with South Carolina's reasons for nullification, rejected Jackson's use of military force against a state and gave a speech in February 1833 outlining his views. He supported Henry Clay's attempts to craft the Compromise Tariff of 1833. This bill would gradually reduce the tariff over ten years, alleviating tensions between the states and the federal government.
In voting against the Force Bill, Tyler knew he would permanently alienate the pro-Jackson faction of the Virginia legislature, even those who had tolerated his irregularity up to this point. This would jeopardize his re-election in February 1833, in which he faced the pro-administration Democrat James McDowell. With Clay's endorsement, Tyler was re-elected to a full term by a twelve-vote plurality; several legislators who had supported him only weeks beforehand were moved to vote against him as a result of the Force Bill vote.
Jackson further offended Tyler by moving to dissolve the Bank by executive fiat. In September 1833, Jackson issued an executive order directing Treasury Secretary Roger B. Taney to transfer federal funds from the Bank to state-run banks immediately. Tyler saw this as "a flagrant assumption of power", a breach of contract, and a threat to the economy. After months of agonizing, he decided to ally with Clay and the anti-Jackson factions of Congress on the bank issue, while still maintaining the Bank's unconstitutionality. Sitting on the Senate Finance Committee, he voted for two censure resolutions against the President in March 1834. By this time, Tyler was formally in line with Clay's newly formed Whig Party, which held control of the Senate. On March 3, 1835, with only hours remaining in the congressional session, the Whigs voted him President "pro tempore" of the Senate as a symbolic gesture of approval. He is the only U.S. President to have held this office.
Shortly thereafter, the Democrats took control of the Virginia House of Delegates, and Tyler's seat in the Senate was threatened. That December, the legislature offered him a judgeship in exchange for resigning his seat, but he declined. Tyler understood what was to come: he would soon be forced by the legislature to cast a vote that went against his constitutional beliefs. Senator Thomas Hart Benton of Missouri had repeatedly introduced a bill expunging the censure of Jackson from the record. With the support of Virginia's Democrats, Tyler could be instructed to vote for the bill. If he disregarded the instructions, he would be violating his own principles: "the first act of my political life was a censure on Messrs. Giles and Brent for opposition to instructions," he noted. Over the next few months he sought the counsel of his friends, who gave him conflicting advice. By mid-February he felt that his Senate career was likely at an end. He issued a letter of resignation to the Vice-President on February 29, 1836, saying in part:
Presidential election, 1836.
While Tyler wished to attend to his private life and family, he was soon swept up in the presidential election of 1836. He had been suggested as a Vice Presidential candidate since early 1835, and the same day the Virginia Democrats issued the expunging instruction, the Virginia Whigs nominated him as their candidate. The new Whig Party was not organized enough to hold a national convention and name a single ticket against Jackson's chosen successor, Martin Van Buren. Instead, Whigs in various regions each put forth their own preferred ticket, reflecting the party's tenuous coalition: the Massachusetts Whigs nominated Daniel Webster and Francis Granger, the Anti-Masons of the Northern and border states backed William Henry Harrison and Granger, and the states' rights advocates of the middle and lower South nominated Hugh Lawson White and John Tyler. Tyler, despite his strong following in the Virginia and Ohio conventions, only received 47 electoral votes in the November 1836 election, trailing both Granger and the Democratic candidate, Richard Mentor Johnson. Harrison was the leading Whig candidate for president, but he lost to van Buren.
Later state politics.
Tyler had been drawn into Virginia politics even as a U.S. Senator. From October 1829 to January 1830, he served as a member of the state constitutional convention, a role which he was reluctant to accept. The original Virginia Constitution gave outsize influence to the state's more conservative eastern counties, as it allocated an equal number of legislators to each county (regardless of population) and only granted suffrage to property owners. The convention gave the more populous and liberal counties of western Virginia an opportunity to expand their influence. Tyler, a slave-owner from eastern Virginia, supported the existing system. He largely remained on the sidelines during the debate, however, not wishing to alienate any of the state's political factions. He was focused on his Senate career, which required a broad base of support, and gave speeches during the convention promoting compromise and unity.
After the 1836 election, Tyler thought his political career was at an end, and planned to return to private law practice. In the fall of 1837 a friend sold him a sizable property in Williamsburg. He had barely settled in, however, when he was again elected to the Virginia House of Delegates. He took office in 1838 and his peers unanimously elected him Speaker. Tyler was a national political figure by this point, and his third delegate service touched on such national issues as disposal of public lands.
In February 1839, the legislature again considered a U.S. Senate election, this time the seat of incumbent William Cabell Rives, a Conservative Democrat who had succeeded Tyler. Rives had drifted away from his party, signalling a possible alliance with the Whigs. As Tyler had already fully rejected his party, he expected the Whigs would consider him as a candidate instead. Still, the Whigs found Rives a more politically expedient choice, as they hoped to draw a useful coalition with the Conservative Democrats for the 1840 presidential election. This strategy was espoused by Whig leader Henry Clay, who otherwise admired Tyler. Tyler was turned down for the nomination, while in-party squabbles delayed Rives' re-election until January 1841.
Presidential election, 1840.
At the Whig convention of 1840, Tyler supported Henry Clay for Presidential candidacy. After Clay had been passed over in favor of William Henry Harrison, Tyler was named Harrison's running mate. Although this was ostensibly to balance the ticket by placing the Virginian, Tyler, with Harrison, who now resided in Ohio, Harrison was originally from a plantation along the same stretch of road in Charles City County, Virginia as Tyler.
The union of the Whigs in this year was a coalition of diverse elements joined to defeat their common opponent, the Democratic incumbent Martin Van Buren. This combination included both southern states' rights men such as Tyler, who had long opposed a national bank and unrestricted federal power, and economic nationalists such as Clay, whose "American system" called for a national bank, protective tariff, and federally financed internal improvements. To win the election, these differences were downplayed, in favor of portraying Harrison as hardy western frontiersman and Van Buren as an effete easterner. The Whig slogan was "Tippecanoe and Tyler too" – among the most famous in American politics.
But these differences reappeared later, dividing Tyler and the Whig Party after he succeeded Harrison as President.
Harrison and Tyler won the election by an electoral vote of 234–60 and a popular vote of 53 percent to 47 percent, and the Whigs gained control of both houses of Congress.
Vice-presidency, 1841.
Tyler was sworn in on March 4, 1841, in the Senate chamber, and delivered a three-minute tirade about states' rights before swearing in the new senators and attending with them to President Harrison's inauguration. Following the ceremony, the Vice President returned to the Senate to receive the president's cabinet appointments, returning the following day to preside over their confirmations — a total of two hours as President of the Senate. Expecting few responsibilities, he then left Washington, quietly repairing to his home in Williamsburg. Historian Robert Seager II later wrote, "Had William Henry Harrison lived, John Tyler would undoubtedly have been as obscure as any Vice-President in American history."
Harrison, meanwhile, struggled to keep up with the demands of Henry Clay and others who sought offices and influence in his administration. He did not seek Tyler's advice regarding appointments, and Tyler reportedly offered none, only hoping that it "be cast of the proper material" and avoid factionalism and patronage. Harrison's old age and fading health were no secret during the campaign, and the question of the presidential succession was on every politician's mind. The first few weeks of the presidency took a clear toll on Harrison's health, and after being caught in a rainstorm in late March he came down with pneumonia and pleurisy.
Secretary of State Daniel Webster sent word to Tyler of Harrison's illness on April 1; two days later, Richmond attorney James Lyons wrote with the news that the President had taken a turn for the worse, remarking that "I shall not be surprised to hear by tomorrow's mail that Gen'l Harrison is no more." Tyler determined not to travel to Washington, not wanting to appear unseemly in anticipating the President's death. However, at dawn on April 5, two couriers (Webster's son Fletcher, Chief Clerk of the State Department, and Senate assistant doorkeeper Robert Beale) arrived at Tyler's plantation with a letter from Webster, informing the Vice President of Harrison's death the morning before.
Presidency, 1841–1845.
"His Accidency".
Harrison's unprecedented death in office caused considerable disarray regarding his successor. The Constitution of the United States stated only that:
In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death, Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Office, the same shall devolve on the Vice President.
This led to the question of whether the actual office of President "devolved" upon Vice President Tyler, or merely its powers and duties. However, by the time Tyler arrived in Washington at 4:00 a.m. on April 6, 1841, he had firmly resolved that he was now, in name and fact, the President of the United States. Acting on this determination, he had himself sworn in as President--without any qualifiers--in his hotel room. He considered the Presidential oath redundant to his oath as Vice President, but wished to quell any doubt over his accession. 
Immediately after his inauguration, Tyler called Harrison's cabinet into a meeting, having decided to retain its members. Webster informed him of Harrison's practice of making policy by a majority vote. The cabinet fully expected the new President to continue this practice. Tyler was astounded and immediately corrected them:
I beg your pardon, gentlemen; I am very glad to have in my Cabinet such able statesmen as you have proved yourselves to be. And I shall be pleased to avail myself of your counsel and advice. But I can never consent to being dictated to as to what I shall or shall not do. I, as President, shall be responsible for my administration. I hope to have your hearty co-operation in carrying out its measures. So long as you see fit to do this, I shall be glad to have you with me. When you think otherwise, your resignations will be accepted.
He delivered a "de facto" inaugural address on April 9 reasserting his fundamental tenets of Jeffersonian democracy and limited federal power. Tyler's claim was not immediately accepted by opposition members in Congress such as John Quincy Adams, who argued for Tyler to assume a role as a caretaker under the title of "Acting President", or remain Vice President in name. Among those who questioned Tyler's authority was Whig leader Henry Clay, who had intended to be "the real power behind a fumbling throne" and exercise considerable influence over Harrison, and who now transferred that ambition onto his close friend, Tyler. He saw Tyler as the "Vice-President" and his presidency as a mere "regency".
On June 1, impressed by his authoritative actions, both houses of Congress passed resolutions declaring Tyler the 10th President of the United States. Tyler had thus become the first U.S. Vice President to assume the office of President upon the death of the incumbent, establishing a precedent that would be followed seven times in the 19th and 20th centuries. Yet it was not until 1967 that Tyler's action of assuming both the full powers and the title of the presidency was legally codified in the Twenty-fifth Amendment.
Although his accession was given approval by both the Cabinet and, later, the Senate and House, Tyler's detractors (who, ironically, would eventually include many of the Cabinet members and members of Congress who had legitimized his presidency) never fully accepted him as President. He was referred to by many nicknames, including "His Accidency," a reference to his having become President, not through election, but by the accidental circumstances regarding his nomination and Harrison's death. However, Tyler never wavered from his conviction that he was the rightful President; when his political opponents sent correspondence to the White House addressed to the "Vice President" or "Acting President," Tyler had it returned unopened.
Economic policy and party conflicts.
Harrison had been expected to adhere closely to Whig Party policies and to work closely with Whig leaders, particularly Clay. When Tyler succeeded him, he at first was in accord with the new Whig Congress in signing into law such measures as a pre-emption bill granting "squatters' sovereignty" to settlers on public land, a Distribution Act, discussed below, a new bankruptcy law, and the repeal of the Independent Treasury enacted under Van Buren. But when it came to the great banking question, the former Democratic President was at odds with the Congressional Whigs. Twice he vetoed Clay's legislation for a national banking act following the Panic of 1837. Although the second bill supposedly had been tailored to meet his stated objections in the first veto, its final version was not. This practice, designed to protect Clay from having a successful incumbent President as a rival in the next election, became known as "heading Captain Tyler," a term coined by Whig Representative John Minor Botts of Virginia. Tyler proposed an alternative fiscal plan to be known as the "Exchequer," but Clay's friends, who controlled the Congress, would have none of it.
On September 11, 1841, following the second bank veto, members of the cabinet entered Tyler's office one by one and resigned – an orchestration by Clay to force Tyler's resignation (and place his own lieutenant, Senate President Pro Tempore Samuel L. Southard, in the White House). The exception was Secretary of State Webster who remained to finalize what became the 1842 Webster-Ashburton Treaty, as well as to demonstrate his independence from Clay. Two days later, when the President stood firm, the Whigs in Congress officially expelled Tyler from the party. A national backlash ensued, as Tyler was lambasted by Whig newspapers and received hundreds of letters threatening his assassination.
Tariff and distribution debate.
By mid-1841, the federal government faced a projected budget deficit of $11 million. Tyler recognized the need for higher tariffs, but wished to stay within the 20-percent rate created by the Compromise Tariff of 1833. He also supported a plan to distribute to the states any revenue from the sales of public land, as an emergency measure to manage the states' growing debt, even though this would cut federal revenue. The Whigs supported high protectionist tariffs and national funding of state infrastructure, and so there was enough overlap to forge a compromise. The Distribution Act of 1841 created a distribution program with a proviso requiring tariffs to remain below 20 percent; a second bill enacted the top rate on previously low-tax goods. Despite these measures, by March 1842 it had become clear that the federal government was still in dire fiscal straits. In a recommendation to Congress, Tyler lamented that it would be necessary to override the Compromise Tariff of 1833 and raise rates beyond the 20 percent limit. Under the previous deal, this would suspend the distribution program, reverting funds back to the federal government.
The defiant Whig Congress would not raise tariffs if it would affect the distribution of funds to states. In June 1842 they passed two bills that would raise tariffs and unconditionally extend the distribution program. Believing it improper to continue distribution at a time when federal revenue shortage necessitated increasing the tariff, Tyler vetoed both bills, burning any remaining bridges between himself and the Whigs. His firm resolve finally prompted the Whig-controlled Congress to pass the Tariff of 1842, which he signed into law, increasing import duties without extending distribution.
Impeachment attempt.
Shortly after the tariff veto, Whigs in the House of Representatives initiated the first impeachment proceedings against a President in American history. This was not only a matter of the Whigs supporting the Bank and tariff legislation which Tyler vetoed. Until the presidency of the Whigs' arch-enemy Andrew Jackson, Presidents vetoed bills rarely, and then generally on constitutional rather than policy grounds. So Tyler's actions also went against the Whigs' idea of the presidency. John Minor Botts of Virginia, who had been Tyler's greatest reviler, introduced a resolution on July 10, 1842. It levied several charges against the President and called for a nine-member committee to investigate his behavior, with the expectation of a formal impeachment recommendation. Clay found this measure prematurely aggressive, favoring a more moderate progression toward Tyler's "inevitable" impeachment. The Botts bill was tabled until the following January, when it was rejected, 127-83.
A House select committee headed by former President John Quincy Adams, who was now a member of Congress, condemned Tyler's use of the veto and assailed his character. Adams, an ardent abolitionist, disliked the President for being a slaveholder. While the committee's report did not formally recommend impeachment, it clearly established the possibility. In August 1842, by a vote of 98–90, the House endorsed the committee's report. Adams sponsored a constitutional amendment to change the two-thirds requirement to override a veto to a simple majority, but neither house passed such a measure. The Whigs were unable to pursue further impeachment proceedings in the subsequent 28th Congress, as in the elections of 1842 they lost control of the House (although they retained a majority in the Senate). Near the end of Tyler's term in office, on March 3, 1845, Congress overrode his veto of a minor bill relating to revenue cutters. This marked the first time any president's veto had been overridden.
Administration and cabinet.
For two years, Tyler struggled with the Whigs, eventually nominating 19 men to the six cabinet offices. When he nominated John C. Calhoun in 1844 as Secretary of State, to reform the Democrats, the gravitational swing of the Whigs to identify with "the North" and the Democrats as the party of "the South" led the way to the sectional party politics of the next decade. Tyler's final Cabinet consisted of five Southerners and one Northerner (William Wilkins, Secretary of War).
Four of Tyler's Cabinet nominees were rejected, the most of any president. These were Caleb Cushing (Treasury), David Henshaw (Navy) James Porter (War), and James S. Green (Treasury). Henshaw and Porter served as recess appointees before their rejections. Tyler aggravated this problem when he repeatedly renominated Cushing. As a result, Cushing was rejected three times in one day, March 4, 1843, the last day of the 27th Congress.
Foreign and military affairs.
Tyler's difficulties in domestic policy were matched by adept accomplishments in foreign policy. He had long been an advocate of expansionism toward the Pacific and free trade, and was fond of evoking themes of national destiny and the spread of liberty in support of these policies. His presidency was largely continuous with Jackson's earlier efforts to promote American commerce across the Pacific. Eager to compete with Great Britain in international markets, he sent lawyer Caleb Cushing to China, where he negotiated the terms of the Treaty of Wanghia (1844). The same year, he sent Henry Wheaton as a minister to Berlin, where he negotiated and signed a trade agreement with the German "Zollverein". This treaty was rejected by the Whigs, mainly as a show of hostility toward the Tyler administration. The President also applied the Monroe Doctrine to Hawaii, told Britain not to interfere there, and began the process towards the eventual annexation of Hawaii by the United States.
In 1842, the Secretary of State, Daniel Webster, negotiated the Webster–Ashburton Treaty with Britain which concluded where the border between Maine and Canada lay. The issue of where the border lay had caused tension between the United States and Britain for a notable amount of time and had brought the two countries to the brink of war on several occasions. The treaty improved Anglo-American diplomatic relations. However, Tyler was unsuccessful in concluding a treaty with the British to fix the boundaries of Oregon. On Tyler's last full day in office, March 3, 1845, Florida was admitted to the Union as the 27th state.
Tyler advocated an increase in military strength. His administration drew the praise of naval leaders, who saw a marked increase in naval warships. Tyler brought the long, bloody Second Seminole War to an end in 1842, and expressed interest in the forced cultural assimilation of the Native Americans. He also advocated the establishment of a chain of American forts from Council Bluffs, Iowa, to the Pacific.
In May 1842, when the Dorr Rebellion in Rhode Island came to a head, Tyler pondered the request of the governor and legislature to send federal troops to help it suppress the Dorrite insurgents. The insurgents under Thomas Dorr had armed themselves and proposed to install a new state constitution. Before such acts, Rhode Island had been following the same constitutional structure that was established in 1663. Tyler called for calm on both sides, and recommended the governor enlarge the franchise to let most men vote. Tyler promised that in case an actual insurrection should break out in Rhode Island he would employ force to aid the regular, or Charter, government. He made it clear that federal assistance would be given, not to prevent, but only to put down insurrection, and would not be available until violence had been committed. After listening to reports from his confidential agents, Tyler decided that the 'lawless assemblages' had dispersed and expressed his confidence in a "temper of conciliation as well as of energy and decision." He did not send any federal forces. The rebels fled the state when the state militia marched against them. With their dispersion, they accepted the expansion of suffrage.
Judicial appointments.
Two vacancies occurred on the Supreme Court during Tyler's presidency, as Justices Smith Thompson and Henry Baldwin died in 1843 and 1844, respectively. Tyler, ever at odds with Congress – including the Whig-controlled Senate – nominated several men to the Supreme Court to fill these seats. However, the Senate successively voted against confirming John Canfield Spencer, Reuben Walworth, Edward King and John M. Read (King was rejected twice). One reason cited for the Senate's actions was the hope that Whig Henry Clay would fill the vacancies after winning the 1844 presidential election. Tyler's four unsuccessful nominees are the most by a president.
Finally, in February 1845, with less than a month remaining in his term, Tyler's nomination of Samuel Nelson to Thompson's seat was confirmed by the Senate. Nelson's successful confirmation was a surprise. Nelson, although a Democrat, had a reputation as a careful and noncontroversial jurist. Baldwin's seat remained vacant until Polk's nominee, Robert Grier, was confirmed in 1846.
Tyler was able to appoint only six other federal judges, all to United States district courts.
Annexation of Texas.
Tyler, an advocate of Western expansionism, made the annexation of the Republic of Texas part of his platform soon after becoming President. Texas had declared independence from Mexico in the Texas Revolution of 1836, although Mexico still refused to acknowledge it as a sovereign state. The people of Texas actively pursued joining the Union, but Jackson and Van Buren had been reluctant to inflame tensions over slavery by annexing another Southern state. Tyler, on the other hand, intended annexation to be the focal point of his administration. Secretary Webster, opposed, convinced Tyler to focus on Pacific initiatives until later in his term.
Early attempts.
In early 1843, having completed the Webster–Ashburton treaty and other diplomatic efforts, Tyler felt ready to pursue Texas. Now lacking a party base, he saw annexation of the republic as his only pathway to independent re-election in 1844. For the first time in his career he was willing to play "political hardball" to see it through. As a trial balloon he dispatched his ally Thomas Walker Gilmer, then a U.S. Representative from Virginia, to publish a letter defending annexation, which was well received. Despite his successful relationship with Webster, Tyler knew he would need a Secretary of State who supported the Texas initiative, and so he forced Webster's resignation and installed Hugh S. Legaré of South Carolina as an interim successor.
With the help of newly appointed Treasury Secretary John C. Spencer, he cleared out an array of officeholders, replacing them with pro-annexation partisans, in a reversal of his former stand against patronage. He elicited the help of political organizer Michael Walsh to build a political machine in New York. In exchange for an appointment as consul to Hawaii, journalist Alexander G. Abell wrote a flattering biography, "Life of John Tyler", which was printed in large quantities and given to postmasters throughout the country to distribute. Seeking to rehabilitate his public image, Tyler embarked on a nationwide campaign tour in the spring of 1843. The positive reception of the public at these events contrasted starkly with his ostracism back in Washington. The tour centered around the dedication of the Bunker Hill Monument in Boston, Massachusetts. Shortly after the dedication, Tyler learned of Legaré's sudden death, which dampened the festivities and forced him to cancel the rest of the tour.
He appointed Abel P. Upshur, a popular Secretary of the Navy and close adviser, as his new Secretary of State, and nominated Gilmer to fill his former office. Tyler and Upshur began quiet negotiations with the Texas government, promising military protection from Mexico in exchange for a commitment to annexation. Secrecy was necessary, as the Constitution required Congressional approval for such military commitments. Upshur planted rumors of possible British designs on Texas to drum up support among Northern voters, who were wary of admitting a new pro-slavery state. By January 1844 Upshur told the Texas government that he had found a large majority of Senators in favor of an annexation treaty. The republic remained skeptical, and finalization of the treaty took until the end of February.
USS "Princeton" disaster.
It was only one day after completing the treaty that Upshur and Gilmer were killed in an accident. A ceremonial cruise down the Potomac River was held aboard the newly built USS "Princeton" on February 28, 1844. Aboard the ship were 400 guests, including Tyler and his cabinet, as was the world's largest naval gun, the "Peacemaker". The gun was ceremonially fired several times in the afternoon to the great delight of the onlookers, who then filed downstairs to offer a toast. Several hours later, Captain Robert F. Stockton was convinced by the crowd to fire one more shot. As the guests moved up to the deck, Tyler paused briefly to watch his son-in-law, William Waller, sing a ditty.
At once an explosion was heard from above: the gun had malfunctioned. Tyler was unhurt, having remained safely below deck, but a number of others were killed instantly, including his crucial cabinet members, Gilmer and Upshur. Also killed or mortally wounded were Virgil Maxcy of Maryland, Rep. David Gardiner of New York, Commodore Beverly Kennon, Chief of Construction of the United States Navy and Tyler's black slave and body servant. The death of David Gardiner had a devastating effect on Gardiner's daughter, Julia, who fainted and was carried to safety by the President himself. Julia later recovered from her grief and married President Tyler.
For Tyler, any hope of completing the Texas plan before November (and with it, any hope of re-election) was instantly dashed. Historian Edward P. Crapol later wrote that "Prior to the Civil War and the assassination of Abraham Lincoln," the "Princeton" disaster "unquestionably was the most severe and debilitating tragedy ever to confront a President of the United States."
Ratification and 1844 election.
In what the Miller Center of Public Affairs considers "a serious tactical error that ruined the scheme establishing political respectability for him", Tyler appointed former Vice President John C. Calhoun in early March 1844 as his Secretary of State. Tyler's good friend, Virginia Representative Henry A. Wise, wrote that following the "Princeton" disaster, he went on his own to extend Calhoun the position through a colleague, who assumed that the offer came from the president. When Wise went to tell Tyler what he had done, the President was angry but felt that the action now had to stand. Calhoun was a leading advocate of slavery, and his attempts to get an annexation treaty passed were resisted by abolitionists as a result. When the text of the treaty was leaked to the public, it met political opposition from the Whigs, who would oppose anything that might enhance Tyler's status, as well as from foes of slavery and those who feared a confrontation with Mexico, which had announced that it would view annexation as a hostile act by the United States. Both Clay and Van Buren, the respective frontrunners for the Whig and Democratic nominations, decided in a private meeting at Van Buren's home to come out against annexation. Tyler sent the treaty to the Senate for ratification, accompanied by a message that extolled the benefits of annexation to the country and contained no mention of slavery.
Following Tyler's break with the Whigs in 1841, he had begun to shift back to his old Democratic party, but its members, especially the followers of Van Buren, were not ready to receive him. He knew that with little chance of election, the only way to salvage his presidency and legacy was to move public opinion in favor of the Texas issue. He formed a third party, the Democratic-Republicans, using the officeholders and political networks he had built over the previous year. A chain of pro-Tyler newspapers across the country put out editorials promoting his candidacy throughout the early months of 1844. Reports of Tyler meetings held throughout the country suggest that support for the President was not limited to officeholders, as is often inferred. The Tyler supporters, holding signs reading "Tyler and Texas!", held their nominating convention in Baltimore in May 1844, just as the Democratic Party was holding its presidential nomination. With their high visibility and energy they were able to force the Democrats' hand in favor of annexation. Ballot after ballot, Van Buren failed to win the necessary super-majority of Democratic votes, and slowly fell in the ranking. It was not until the ninth ballot that the Democrats discovered an obscure pro-annexation candidate named James K. Polk. They found him to be perfectly suited for their platform, and he was nominated with two-thirds of the vote. Tyler considered his work vindicated, and implied in an acceptance letter that annexation was his true priority rather than election.
Tyler was unfazed when the Whig-controlled Senate rejected his treaty by a vote of 16–35 in June 1844, as he felt that annexation was now within reach. He called for Congress to annex Texas by joint resolution rather than by treaty. Former President Andrew Jackson, a staunch supporter of annexation, persuaded Polk to welcome Tyler back into the Democratic party and ordered Democratic editors to cease their attacks on him. Satisfied by these developments, Tyler dropped out of the race in August and endorsed Polk for the presidency. Polk's narrow victory over Clay in the November election was seen by the Tyler administration as a mandate for completing the resolution. Tyler announced in his annual message to Congress that "a controlling majority of the people and a large majority of the states have declared in favor of immediate annexation." In late February 1845, the House by a substantial margin and the Senate by a bare 27–25 majority approved a joint resolution offering terms of annexation to Texas. On March 1, three days before the end of his term, Tyler signed the bill into law. After some debate, Texas accepted the terms and entered the union on December 29, 1845, as the 28th state.
Post-presidency and death.
Tyler retired to a Virginia plantation, originally named Walnut Grove (or "the Grove"), located on the James River in Charles City County, Virginia. He renamed it Sherwood Forest, in a reference to the folk legend Robin Hood, to signify that he had been "outlawed" by the Whig Party. He did not take farming lightly and worked hard to maintain large yields throughout the 1840s. His neighbors, largely Whigs, appointed him "overseer" of his road in 1847 in an effort to mock him. To their displeasure he treated the title seriously, frequently summoning his neighbors' slaves to attend to road work, and continued to bear the title even after his neighbors asked him to stop. He withdrew from electoral politics, rarely receiving visits from his friends. He was asked to give an occasional public speech, but was not sought out as an adviser. One notable speech was at the unveiling of a monument to Henry Clay; acknowledging the political battles between the two, he spoke highly of his former colleague, whom he had always admired for bringing about the Compromise Tariff of 1833.
On the eve of the Civil War, Tyler re-entered public life as sponsor and chairman of the Virginia Peace Convention, held in Washington, D.C., in February 1861 as an effort to devise means to prevent a war. The convention sought a compromise to avoid civil war while the Confederate Constitution was being drawn up at the Montgomery Convention. When the convention's proposals were rejected by Congress, Tyler abandoned hope of compromise and saw secession as the only option. He was sanguine about a peaceful secession, predicting that a clean split of all Southern states would not result in war. When war ultimately broke out, Tyler unhesitatingly sided with the Confederacy and became a delegate to the Provisional Confederate Congress from February 4, 1861. He was then elected to the House of Representatives of the Confederate Congress. On January 5, 1862, he left for Richmond, Virginia, in anticipation of his congressional service, but he would not live to see the opening sessions.
Throughout Tyler's life, he suffered from poor health. As he aged, he suffered more frequently from colds during the winter. After his exit from the White House, he fell victim to repeated cases of dysentery. He had many aches and pains in the last eight years of his life. On January 12, 1862, after complaining of chills and dizziness, he vomited and collapsed. He was revived, yet the next day he admitted to the same symptoms. He was treated for the rest of the week, but his health did not improve, and he made plans to return to Sherwood Forest on the 18th. As he lay in bed the previous night he began suffocating, and Julia summoned his doctor. Just after midnight, Tyler took a last sip of brandy, and told his doctor, "I am going. Perhaps it is best." It is believed that he had suffered a stroke. Tyler is buried in Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond, Virginia, in front of the gravesite of former President James Monroe, the black structure visible in the illustration behind the left side of Tyler's obelisk.
Tyler's death was the only one in presidential history not to be officially recognized in Washington, because of his allegiance to the Confederacy. He had requested a simple burial, but Confederate President Jefferson Davis and his fellows delivered a grand, politically pointed funeral, painting Tyler as a hero to the Confederacy. Accordingly, the coffin of the tenth president of the United States was draped at the funeral with a Confederate flag. Tyler's favorite horse named "The General" is buried at his Sherwood Forest Plantation with a gravestone which reads,
Here lie the bones of my old horse, "General," 
Who served his master faithfully for twenty-one years, 
And never made a blunder. 
Would that his master could say the same!
Family and personal life.
Tyler fathered more children than any other President in history. His first wife was Letitia Christian Tyler (November 12, 1790 – September 10, 1842), with whom he had eight children:
Early in his presidency, Tyler was attacked by abolitionist publisher Joshua Leavitt, who alleged that Tyler had fathered (and sold) several sons with his slaves, prompting a response from the Tyler administration–linked newspaper "The Madisonian". A number of African American families today have an oral tradition of descent from Tyler, but no evidence of such a link has ever surfaced.
As of January 2012, Tyler has two living grandsons through his son Lyon Gardiner Tyler. Lyon Gardiner Tyler, Jr., was born in 1924, and Harrison Ruffin Tyler was born in 1928. Harrison Tyler maintains the family home, "Sherwood Forest." Tyler is the oldest former president with living grandchildren, and none of the succeeding presidents have living grandchildren until James A. Garfield, who served forty years after Tyler, with Abraham Lincoln and lifelong bachelor James Buchanan each having no living descendants of any kind.
Legacy.
The Tyler presidency is generally held in low esteem by historians. Edward P. Crapol began his biography "John Tyler, the Accidental President" (2006) by noting: "Other biographers and historians have argued that John Tyler was a hapless and inept chief executive whose presidency was seriously flawed." In "The Republican Vision of John Tyler" (2003), Dan Monroe observed that the Tyler presidency "is generally ranked as one of the least successful". Robert Seager II wrote in "And Tyler Too: A Biography of John and Julia Gardiner Tyler" (1963) that Tyler "was neither a great President nor a great intellectual," adding that despite a few achievements, "his administration has been and must be counted an unsuccessful one by any modern measure of accomplishment". A survey of 65 historians, conducted by C-SPAN in 2009, ranked Tyler as 35th of 42 men to hold the office.
Some have argued that Tyler's accomplishments and political resolve warrant a more favorable treatment. Tyler's assumption of complete presidential powers "set a hugely important precedent", according to a biographical sketch by the University of Virginia's Miller Center of Public Affairs. The article also noted that "Tyler could claim an ambitious, successful foreign policy presidency, due largely to the efforts of Secretary of State Webster." Monroe credits Tyler with "achievements like the Webster–Ashburton treaty which heralded the prospect of improved relations with Great Britain, and the annexation of Texas, which added millions of acres to the national domain." Crapol argued that Tyler "was a stronger and more effective President than generally remembered," while Seager wrote, "I find him to be a courageous, principled man, a fair and honest fighter for his beliefs. He was a President without a party." The book "Recarving Rushmore" (2009), which rated Presidents in terms of peace, prosperity, and liberty, ranked John Tyler as the best President of all time. At three years, 11 months, Tyler served the longest tenure of any President who was never elected to the office.
Tyler has been the namesake of several U.S. locations, including the city of Tyler, Texas and one of its schools, John Tyler High School, along with John Tyler Community College in Chesterfield, Virginia, located near Tyler's home. Virginia State Route 5 in Charles City County, where Tyler lived, is now known as the John Tyler Memorial Highway. While academics have both praised and criticized Tyler, the general American public has little awareness of him at all. Several writers have noted that Tyler is among the nation's most obscure presidents. As Seager remarked, "His countrymen generally remember him, if they have heard of him at all, as the rhyming end of a catchy campaign slogan."
Ancestors.
<!--Table from 

</doc>
<doc id="19732696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732696" title="Wolf Devil Woman">
Wolf Devil Woman

Wolf Devil Woman, also known as Wolfen Ninja, is a 1982 Taiwanese fantasy horror film starring and directed by Pearl Chang.
The English-dubbed version of the film is notable for its bizarre vocal performances, particularly the vocal performance for the film's antagonist, "The Devil", who speaks like American cartoon character Yosemite Sam.
The film was followed by a 1983 sequel, "Wolf Devil Woman 2", which also starred and was directed by Pearl Chang.

</doc>
<doc id="19732722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732722" title="Arthur Lemon">
Arthur Lemon

Arthur Whitelock Lemon (15 April 1905– 28 May 1982) was a Welsh international number 8 who played club rugby for Neath and was capped 13 times for Wales.
International rugby career.
Lemon made his international debut for Wales in a game against Ireland on 9 March 1929 under the captaincy of Guy Morgan. Wales drew the game, which handed the Championship to Scotland. Although Lemon missed the opening game of the 1930 Five Nations Championship against England, he was reselected for the remaining three games. Lemon played in all four games of the 1931 tournament, which saw Wales win the Championship for the first time in eight years. Lemon was next selected to play against the 1931 touring South Africans. It was a terrible spectacle played on an icy pitch, that Wales captain Jack Bassett failed to adapt his teams play to. After playing out the entirety of the 1932 Championship, Lemon would play one final match for Wales against Ireland in 1933. When Wales lost the game, the selectors decided on wholesale change and Lemon was amongst 11 players to be dropped.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19732727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732727" title="Tom Frieden">
Tom Frieden

Dr. Thomas R. Frieden is the Director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and Administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR). He served as Commissioner of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene from 2002–2009.
Education.
Frieden graduated from Oberlin College (BA), Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons (MD) and Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health (MPH). He completed training in internal medicine at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center and sub-specialty training in infectious diseases at Yale University. One brother, Jeffry Frieden, is a noted international political economist and the Stanfield Professor of International Peace at Harvard University. His other brother, Ken Frieden, the B.G. Rudolph Professor at Syracuse University, specializes in nineteenth-century literature.
Early career.
Frieden's work on tuberculosis in New York fostered public awareness and helped improve public funding (city, state and federal) for TB control. The epidemic was controlled rapidly, reducing overall incidence by nearly half and cutting multidrug-resistant tuberculosis by 80%. The city's program became a model for tuberculosis control. From 1996 to 2002, Frieden was based in India, assisting with national tuberculosis control efforts. As a medical officer for the World Health Organization on loan from the CDC, he helped the government of India implement the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Program (RNTCP). The 2008 RNTCP status report estimates the nationwide program resulted in 8 million treatments and 1.4 million saved lives. While in India, Frieden worked to establish a network of Indian physicians to help India's state and local governments implement the program and helped the Tuberculosis Research Center in Chennai, India, establish a program to monitor the impact of tuberculosis control services.
Issues.
Frieden served as head of the New York City DOHMH from 2002–2009. The agency employs more than 6,000 people with an annual budget of $1.5 billion. He also chaired the New York City Board of Health, pursuing "an unapologetically aggressive public health agenda," Frieden led a period marked by improvements in the health of New Yorkers as well as sometimes fierce controversy.
Frieden has been criticized by interest groups from across the political spectrum – especially advocates for the tobacco and restaurant industries. The "New York Post" quipped that Frieden had turned the city into a “nanny state on steroids.” These criticisms did not diminish after he was appointed as Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “Frieden's stick-over-carrot, for-your-own-good approach to public health is no longer confined to the Big Apple," the industry-backed Center for Consumer Freedom wrote on its blog. "Get ready, because the 'nanny state on steroids' is going national.” (Politico.com) Despite his contentious stance on many issues, Frieden was selected by "Governing Magazine" as a Public Official of the Year in 2005, and NY1's New Yorker of the Year in 2006.
Tobacco control.
Upon his appointment as Health Commissioner in January 2002, Frieden made tobacco control a priority, resulting in a rapid decline after a decade of no change in smoking rates. Frieden established a system to monitor the city's smoking rate, and worked with New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg to increase tobacco taxes, ban smoking from workplaces including restaurants and bars, and run aggressive anti-tobacco ads and help smokers quit. The program reduced smoking prevalence among New York City adults from 21.6% in 2002 to 16.9% in 2007– a change that represents 300,000 fewer smokers and could prevent 100,000 premature deaths in future years. Smoking prevalence among New York City teens declined even more sharply, from 17.6% in 2001 to 8.5% in 2007, and is now less than half the national rate. The workplace smoking ban prompted spirited debate before it was passed by the New York City Council and signed into law by Mayor Bloomberg. Over time, the measure has gained broad acceptance by the public and business community in New York City. New York City's 2003 workplace smoking ban was among those following California's ban in 1994. Frieden supports increased cigarette taxes as a means of forcing smokers to quit, saying "tobacco taxes are the most effective way to reduce tobacco use." Frieden supported the 62-cent Federal tax on each cigarette pack sold in the United States, introduced in April 2009.
Take Care New York.
Frieden also introduced Take Care New York, the city's first comprehensive health policy. This program targeted ten leading causes of preventable illness and death for concerted public and personal action. By 2006, New York City had made measurable progress in eight of the ten priority areas.
HIV/AIDS.
As Health Commissioner, Frieden sought to fight HIV/AIDS with public health principles used successfully to control other communicable diseases. The most controversial aspect of this strategy was a proposal to eliminate separate written consent for HIV testing. Frieden believes the measure would encourage physicians to offer HIV tests during routine medical care, as the CDC recommends. Some community and civil liberties advocates fought this legislation arguing it would undermine patients' rights and lead eventually to forced HIV testing. In 2010, New York State passed a new law that eased the requirement for separate written consent in some circumstances. On 14 February 2007, the NYCDHMH also introduced the NYC Condom, prompting Catholic League president Bill Donohue to respond, "What's next? The city's own brand of clean syringes?" More than 36 million were given away in 2007.
Diabetes.
Confronted with what he called a growing "epidemic" of diabetes in New York City (in reality, the rate of growth mirrored national trends), Frieden worked to raise awareness, particularly among pregnant women, and established an involuntary, non-disclosed hemoglobin A1C diabetes registry that tracks patients' blood sugar control over several months and report that information to treating physicians in an effort to help them provide better care. The New York City Board of Health's decision to require laboratories to report A1C test results has generated a heated debate among civil libertarians, who view it as a violation of medical privacy and an intrusion into the doctor-patient relationship. Even though patients can choose to not receive information from the program, there is no provision enabling patients to opt out of having their glycemic control data entered in the database. The New York City DOHMH asserts that the A1C registry can help reduce the risk of blindness, kidney failure, leg amputations and early death among people with diabetes. But according to a 21 May 2010 PowerPoint presentation prepared by the NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, as of 31 December 2009, the program was only reaching 16% of New York City residents with diabetes. The New York City DOHMH has provided little if any solid evidence to validate its assertions about improved patient outcomes, although "outcome evaluation currently being designed" and completion is anticipated by 2011.
Food policies.
To combat cardiovascular disease, New York City has adopted regulations since 2006 to eliminate trans fat from all restaurants. The restaurant industry and its political allies condemned the trans-fat measure as an assault on liberty by an overzealous "nanny state," but compliance has exceeded 90% among New York City restaurants, and the measure has inspired similar laws in several US cities and the state of California. The Health Department also required chain restaurants to post calorie information to raise consumer awareness of fast food's caloric impact. The measure requires chains with 15 or more outlets to post calorie counts on menus and menu boards. It has prompted two lawsuits by the New York State Restaurant Association. In the first, New York State Restaurant Association v. New York City Board of Health, a U.S. District Court judge ruled that federal law pre-empted New York City's action and overturned it. The NYC Board of Health then repealed and re-enacted the measure, which took effect in May 2008. Most chains now post calorie information in their New York City outlets, despite a pending legal challenge, and customers have experienced widespread "sticker shock.". National health reform legislation, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, requires menu labeling nationally by 2012.
Epidemiology.
During Frieden's tenure as Commissioner, the Health Department expanded the collection and use of epidemiological data, launching an annual Community Health Survey and the nation's first community-based Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Electronic health records.
To improve quality and efficiency of medical care, the agency also launched the nation's largest community-based electronic health records project to improve preventive care for more than one million at-risk New Yorkers.
Director of CDC and Administrator of ATSDR.
On 15 May 2009 the White House and the Department of Health and Human Services named Dr. Frieden the 16th director of Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR); he assumed his position on 8 June 2009 from the acting head, Richard E. Besser.
On announcing Frieden’s appointment, President Obama said, “America relies on a strong public health system and the work at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is critical to our mission to preserve and protect the health and safety of our citizens.” Frieden had previously worked for the CDC from 1990 to 2002 as an Epidemic Intelligence Service Officer in New York City and then as part of CDC’s tuberculosis control program.
Bloomberg Philanthropies.
Frieden also served as health advisor to New York City Mayor Bloomberg, supporting the Bloomberg Initiative to Reduce Tobacco Use. This initiative aims to prevent more than 100 million tobacco-related deaths worldwide by promoting tobacco control in developing countries. By mid-2008, the initiative had funded more than 100 organizations in 36 nations, with a focus on China and India, where more than 40% of the world's smokers live. Bloomberg's effort was joined by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19732748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732748" title="Hålogaland Court of Appeal">
Hålogaland Court of Appeal

The Hålogaland Court of Appeal () is one of six courts of appeal in the Kingdom of Norway. The Court is located in Tromsø. It covers the counties Nordland, Troms, and Finnmark as well as Jan Mayen and Svalbard.
Information.
The Hålogaland Court of Appeal covers the County of Nordland including Jan Mayen, the County of Troms including Svalbard, and the County of Finnmark—and their approximately 470,000 inhabitants. Together these counties and territories constitute the Juridical District of Hålogaland ().
The Court has its seat in Tromsø, the capital of Troms and the largest city in Northern Norway (Hålogaland). In addition the Court arranges court meetings in the city of Bodø, the capital of Nordland and the second largest city in Northern Norway, and in the town of Mosjøen, also in Nordland.
The Court is headed by a lawspeaker (), currently by Arild Oskar Eidesen. The administration of the Court is managed by the Norwegian National Courts Administration. 
Because of the great distances both at land and at sea in Northern Norway, the Court deals with many cases related to fishery and land rights. Northern Norway is also where the 'three peoples' meet, i.e. Norwegians, Samis, and Kvens. The cultural variations demand bigger efforts of the Court's judges, among other the ability to understand different ways of living and thinking. Also lingual variations represent a challenge.
Since the Middle Ages the old Thing of Hålogaland met at Steigen in Nordland. This assembly was dissolved in 1797. When re-established in 1890 it was moved to Tromsø in Troms.

</doc>
<doc id="19732778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732778" title="Palm syrup">
Palm syrup

Miel de palma (lit. palm honey, also palm syrup) is an edible sweet syrup produced from the sap of a number of palms. It is produced in the Canary Islands and coastal regions of South America.
Species.
In the Canary Islands, palm syrup ("miel de palma") is produced from the Canary Island Date Palm ("Phoenix canariensis"). In Chile, palm syrup ("miel de palma") is produced from the endangered Chilean Wine Palm ("Jubaea chilensis").
Other species used include the coconut palm, sugar palm, and palmyra palm.
Production in the Canary Islands.
Most guarapo and miel de palma production occurs in the municipality of Vallehermoso on La Gomera. The process of collecting sap from the palm and concentrating it into syrup is similar in many ways to the process used for maple syrup.
The sap, known as "guarapo" or "garapa", is collected from a bowl-shaped depression cut into the crown of the tree. As guarapo spoils quickly in sunlight, the harvesting is done overnight. Every evening during the harvesting season, the "guarapero" (farmer) prepares each tree. He climbs to the top of the tree, often using a ladder, uses a sharp knife or chisel to trim the bowl to remove surface crust and open the pores, and hoists a bucket into place beneath a pipe or channel leading from the bowl. Early the next morning, he returns and collects the filled buckets, containing ten or more litres from each tree.
The harvested guarapo is then brought to, or collected by, a local processing plant, or may be processed on site. Processing involves boiling the guarapo for several hours until it is reduced by about 90% to a dark brown syrup that is rich and sweet. It is then packaged, typically in glass jars. Palm syrup will tend to thicken and crystallize over time.
After about four to five months of being harvested every day, during the period January to June, a tree needs five years to recuperate before it is used again.
Uses.
Miel de palma is used to accompany many pastries and desserts, such as pancakes and ice cream. The syrup is widely used in Southeast Asian cooking.
Its sweetness tempers the flavours of spicy curries, adding its rich, molasses-like flavour to the food. It is also widely used as an ingredient in desserts, or drizzled over prepared foods.
Palm sap is a refreshing drink, and fermented palm syrup is distilled to produce various alcohols such as arrack, a spirit similar to rum. On La Gomera it is mixed with 'Parra' (similar to grappa) to produce Gomeron.
Palm syrup is also traditionally used on La Gomera for general medicinal purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="19732799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732799" title="Umarin Yaodam">
Umarin Yaodam

Umarin Yaodam is a Thai footballer currently plays for Thai Premier League club side Suphanburi. 
Honours.
"International"
"Club"
"PEA FC"
"Buriram FC"
"Muangthong United"
International career.
Umarin was called up to the national team, in coach Peter Reid's first squad selection for the T&T Cup to be played in Vietnam in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19732800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732800" title="Guide Right">
Guide Right

Guide Right is an American musical variety show which aired on the DuMont Television Network from February 25, 1952 to February 5, 1954. Sponsored by the United States Air Force, and featuring The Airmen of Note directed by Fred Kepner, each 30-minute episode was hosted by Donn Russell.
Episode status.
The UCLA Film and Television Archive has 18 episodes in its collection, and the Paley Center for Media has two episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="19732818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732818" title="Matt Blank">
Matt Blank

Clarence Matt Blank (born April 5, 1976) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher who played for the Montreal Expos. He batted and threw left-handed.
Blank was drafted by the New York Yankees in the 37th round of the 1994 Major League Baseball Draft. Blank decided not to sign. The following year, he was again drafted, this time by the Florida Marlins in the 40th round. Again, Blank chose not to sign. After not being drafted in , Blank was drafted in the 11th round of the 1997 Major League Baseball Draft by the Montreal Expos. Blank signed on to play in the Expos organization. Blank made his made major league debut in at the age of 24. In that game, Blank pitched one inning, giving up zero earned runs. That year, Blank had an ERA of 5.14 in 14 innings. The following year, he threw 22.7 innings, with an ERA of 5.16. After spending the entire season in the minors, Blank was traded on April 30, to the San Francisco Giants to complete an earlier trade. Less than two months later, he was released.
On August 3, Blank was signed by the Atlanta Braves, only to be released 16 days later. In January , he was signed by the Florida Marlins. After spending the year in the minors, Blank was released by the Marlins. A month later, he was again signed by the Marlins, but again was released by them. On January 11, , he was signed by the Toronto Blue Jays. On March 22, 2006, he was granted free agency, and re-signed with the Marlins. During the season, he was traded to the San Diego Padres for Jim Brower and finished the season with Triple-A Portland, retiring after the season.
At the time of his retirement, Blank had a 2-3 record, a 5.15 ERA, 18 walks, and 15 strikeouts. Blank was 4 for 9 hitting, with a lifetime batting average of .444. His lifetime fielding percentage was 1.000.

</doc>
<doc id="19732864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732864" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 31">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 31

The 31st Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Bucks County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19732869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732869" title="Panupong Wongsa">
Panupong Wongsa

Panupong Wongsa () is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thai Premier League side Suphanburi. He won the Thai Premier League in 2008.
he also plays for the Thailand national football team.
Club career.
Panupong began his career with his hometown club, Chiangmai F.C.. From 2002 to 2003 he played in the youth section of the club, in 2004, he joined the senior team. In 2005 he moved to Royal Thai Police F.C. and completed for this club until 2007 a total of 60 games. For the 2008 season he moved to PEA. At his new club, he could help to win the first championship (Thai Premier League) in club history. With the club he was in 2009 in the qualifying round of the 2009 AFC Champions League. Opponents was the Singapore Armed Forces F.C.. After a 1-4 in extra time, he left with his club. But as to waste the skills of the club was allowed to participate in the 2009 AFC Cup and thus he gained his first experience in a Continental Vereinswettebwerb. End of the 2009 season, he was obliged by the new champion Muangthong United. Even with this club he could participate in the qualifying round of the AFC Champions League. After the club was able to SHB Da Nang F.C. 3-0 defeat in the first round, they met in the second round of the championship in Singapore. This was no less than the Singapore Armed Forces. Even in his second attempt, he managed not to take the hurdle. For him personally, tragically, the game had to be in the penalty shoot-determination. Panupong here was the second shooter of his team. His penalty shot was very poor and could be parried by the opposing end man.
International career.
For the Thailand national football team, he was so far in the U-23 squad and took part in the qualification for the Olympic Games in 2000. In the same year he won the gold medal with a choice at the Summer Universiade in 2007. A year later - in 2008 - they were among the cadres of ASEAN Football Championship. He became captain of the national team in 2012, and played an important role in the 2012 AFF Suzuki Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19732885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732885" title="Watchara Mahawong">
Watchara Mahawong

Watchara Mahawong is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thailand Premier League side Singhtarua. He won the Thailand Premier League in 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19732901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732901" title="Kritsana Wongbudee">
Kritsana Wongbudee

Kritsana is a Thai footballer playing for Thailand Premier League side Provincial Electricity Authority FC. He won the Thailand Premier League in 2008. Now, he is a Thai footballer currently playing for Regional League Division 2 side Buriram F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19732905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732905" title="Alcian yellow">
Alcian yellow

Alcian yellow is a dye, with formula (CH3[(CH3N)2CS]2C6H2SNCC6H4)2N2.

</doc>
<doc id="19732911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732911" title="Pakistan–Syria relations">
Pakistan–Syria relations

Pakistan–Syria relations are the historic, international, and bilateral relations between Syria and Pakistan. Through the ancient civilization exchange, areas of modern Pakistan were part of the silk route with the Syria and for centuries, Syrian Islamic missionaries that introduced Islam in the parts of now integrated in Pakistan after 711 AD were from Syria.
Along with Russia and Iran, Pakistan has raised its voice for the support for President Bashar al-Assad, and greatly exhorted for peaceful solution of Syrian crises as well as opposing any military actions against Syria.
Foreign relations.
1960s-70s: Political relations and bilaterliasm.
The foreign relations began to grow during the 1960s when Pakistan Armed Forces contingent were dispatched to Syria, specifically the fighter pilots to fly Syrian Air Force's Russian-built fighter jets.
In the 1970s, Syrian President Hafez al-Assad came to Pakistan to participate in the international Organization of Islamic Conference, being the first Syrian President to have visited Pakistan. President Hafez al-Assad was believed to be a close ally of former Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. In a view of former statesman, Khurshid Kasuri, Pakistan's silence is a product of "historical links between the Bhutto and al-Assad families." After the death of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, Syrian President Hafez al-Assad ultimately awarded asylum to Benazir, Murtaza and Shahnavaz Bhutto in 1979 to support for their leftist campaign against President General Zia-ul-Haq.
Pakistan and the Yom Kippur War.
In the events leading to the Yom Kippur War against Israel in 1973 which is usually referred to as the Ramadan War in Pakistan, a strong Pakistan military contingent was dispatched by Prime Minister Zulfiakr Bhutto to Syrian Armed Forces to help and to provide necessary military combat training, requested by Syrian President Hafez al-Assad. From 1973–77, the Pakistan military advisers trained the Syrian Army personnel in various military tactics while maintaining a strong combat division to provide protection of Damascus from any possible Israeli Army attacks during the course of the war. The Pakistan Navy also played an active role in providing the naval hardware to Syrian navy while the PAF dispatched a sizable unit of its fighter pilots to fly the Syrian Air Force fighter jets, operating from Inchass field of Egyptian Air Force. The PAF wing led by Wing Commander Masood Hatif, the PAF and navy fighter pilots flew several of Syrian Air Forces' MiG 21 fighter jets and reportedly made aggressive patrols over Syrian-Israeli border.
In 1974, during the height of the conflict, one of the PAF's notable fighter pilot Flight-Lieutenant Sattar Alvi who flew Syrian Air Force's MiG-21, shot down IAF's Mirage-IIIC fighter jet which was piloted by Captain M. Lutz. In other aerial engagement in following weeks in 1974, the PAF fighter pilot, Squadron-Leader Arif Manzoor, leading a MiG-21 wing, forced two Israeli Mirages-IIIs into a close combat, and shooting down both Mirage IIIs with the K-13 missiles. After the war, Fligt Lieutenant Alvi and Squardon Leader Arif Manzoor were awarded two of Syria's highest decorations for gallantry awards in 1973 by President Hafez al-Assad in a public ceremony.
1970s-80s: Cooling and normalizing of relations.
After the removal of Bhutto, Pakistan's relations with Syria had nose-dived after President Zia-ul-Haq assumed the control of the country in 197. In 1981, the relations deteriorated when the PIA commercial flight, Boeing 720, was hijacked by the operatives of al-Zulfikar in Damascus. The Pakistan government had long assessed that the al-Zulfikar had the enjoyed the support from the President Hafez al-Assad.
Tensions increased when the Syria treated the hijackers as state guests, and the Foreign ministry delegation led by Major-General Rahim Khan was ill-treated. The relations tensed until the next five years when the Foreign ministry successful negotiations normalized relations with Syria. In 1987, President Zia-ul-Haq made a surprise state visit to Damascus and had a one-to-one meeting with President Hafez al-Assad to led the discussion to normalize the relations. Concerning about the political instability in Pakistan and suppression of left-wing alliance led by Benazir Bhutto, President al-Assad declared in audience: "Had Pakistan adopted Arabic, the language of the Quran, as the national language, the lingual rifts and political divisions and anarchy would not have occurred. Pakistan would have remained a united country."
After President Zia-ul-Haq's death and Benazir Bhutto becoming the Prime minister, the relations were warmed once again as Prime minister Benazir Bhutto promoted strong left-wing ideas and relations with Moscow.
1980s-2000s: Commerce, trade and education.
In the 1990s, Syria successfully sought help from Pakistan to established its own tractor factory in the country. Since the 1990s, Pakistan helped upgrade Syria's sugar, cement, fertilizer, and paper industry as well as cooperation has been increased in agriculture process.
Under a Pakistan Technical Assistance Programme (PTAP), Pakistan awards semester scholarships to Syrian students to study agriculture science at the University of Faisalabad; Pakistan also invested in establishing the institutes for computer science and informatics in Damascus in late 1990s. Since Benazir Bhutto and Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) coming to power in 1993, the relations were warmed when Syria supported Pakistan's case for Kashmir and 
refers to the Indian occupation of Eastern Kashmir as "an open aggression." After a long negotiations, Pakistan and Syria have agreed for mutual cooperation and exchange of experts in the field of science and technology which led to the establishment of Pak-Syria Joint Committee on Science and Technology in 2005.
Moral and diplomatic support of Pakistan continued for Syria's position on Golan Heights in the UN after the Arab-Israeli war. On annual basis, Pakistan exports a large cache of wheat and cotton to Syria on minimum prices in return of Syria providing crude oil to Pakistan at a lesser rates.
2010-Present: Syrian civil war.
In 2010, President Asif Zardari paid a state visit to Syria to meet with President Bashar al-Assad to expedite exchange of delegations in both government and private levels in political and economic sectors, eventually signing a trade treaty in 2010.
Ultimately after the start of the Syrian civil war, Pakistan adopted a policy of neutrality and pushed its non-belligerent role during the conflict. Official stand of Pakistan keenly oppose the strong use of military strikes against Syria. At the meeting of the UNSC, Pakistan abstained from vote on an anti-Syria resolution in the UN General Assembly. Conference held by Iran, Pakistan urged the international community to respect Syria’s sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity.
Pakistan has strongly urged the United States and western powers to avoid use of military force in Syria. In a statement, the Foreign Office spokesperson Aizaz Chaudhry maintained that Syria's sovereignty and territorial integrity must be respected. Pakistan has greatly expressed deep concerns over the ongoing violence and threat of possible American military action looming large over already embattled Syria. The Pakistan Foreign ministry also strongly condemned the alleged use of chemical weapons of Syrian government, "All the engaged parties should adopt course of dialogue instead of violence and peaceful resolution of the conflict should be sought out", the Foreign Office quoted. The National Security Adviser, Sartaj Aziz, has quoted at the United Nations that: "Pakistan condemns the use of chemical weapons, but it does not support aerial strikes which the U.S. proposes as it will only make the situation "more concerning". Aziz strongly exhorted to the U.S and UK, "We should wait for the UN mission’s report on Syria."

</doc>
<doc id="19732912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732912" title="2004–05 Washington Capitals season">
2004–05 Washington Capitals season

The 2004–05 Washington Capitals season was their 31st National Hockey League season. Its games were cancelled as the 2004–05 NHL lockout could not be resolved in time. As a result, Alexander Ovechkin would not make his NHL debut until the start of 2005–06 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19732923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732923" title="Monkdogz Urban Art">
Monkdogz Urban Art

Monkdogz Urban Art is an art gallery in Chelsea, the art district of New York City.
The gallery was founded in 2006 by co-owners Marina Hadley and Robert Hogge. The principal focus of Monkdogz is to discover and showcase contemporary emerging artists from around the world working in the different media of painting, drawing sculpture, photography, video and prints. In its first two years of opening, the gallery exhibited over 170 artists from 35 countries.
In September 2008, Monkdogz exhibited a solo show by French Artist Jean Marc Calvet which will be part of a biographical feature documentary by award winning director and producer Dominic Allan currently being filmed, titled “Calvet”.
Managing Editor of Gallery & Studio Magazine, Ed McCormack wrote:
“…the artists assembled under the Monkdogz banner make an auspicious debut and suggest a much needed shot in the arm for postmodern, post-movement art.”
Monkdogz Urban Art Inc. also maintains an International Art Network of over 2000 artists. It is a free web network designed for the International arts community, allowing artists from around the world to exhibit their work and link their own websites.
Artists Represented.
Sébastien Aurillon, Esther Barend, Ruth Butler, Jean Marc Calvet, Hans Meertens,
Minya, Richard Milo, Lou Patrou, Charles Schindler, Yuichiro Shibata, Marcus van Soest, Mari Yamagiwa,Kathy Ostman-Magnusen

</doc>
<doc id="19732925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732925" title="Ricardo Orellana">
Ricardo Orellana

Ricardo José Orellana Rojas (born January 19, 1987 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for CD Aguiluchos USA in the NPSL.
Club career.
Orellana's professional career began on July 3, 2007 when he signed a contract with now defunct Salvadoran national league club, San Salvador F.C.. He was one of six players from the El Salvador U17 national team, that would sign for San Salvador that season. The others were William Maldonado, Diego Chavarría, Xavier García, Óscar Arroyo and Fabricio Alfaro. He made his professional debut on August 25, 2007, in a league match against Vista Hermosa.
After a season with San Salvador he moved to Luis Ángel Firpo and played for Atlético Marte in the 2011 Clausura. He joined Once Municipal for the 2011 Clausura.
International career.
Orellana was named in the pre-Olympic El Salvador U-23 squad by Rubén Israel in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19732926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732926" title="Arnulfo">
Arnulfo

Arnulfo is a masculine given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19732930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732930" title="Worawet Chanuthai">
Worawet Chanuthai

Worawet Chanuthai (Thai: วรเวศ จันทร์อุทัย) or formerly Nantawet Chanuthai (Thai: นันธเวศ จันทร์อุทัย) is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thai Premier League side Samut Songkhram. He won the Thailand Premier League in 2008 at Provincial Electricity Authority FC

</doc>
<doc id="19732975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19732975" title="Henri Jöel">
Henri Jöel

Henri Jöel Kouakou Tahiri (born 17 March 1986 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian football defender currently playing for Thai Premier League side Ratchaburi. 
He played for them in a 2009 AFC Champions League match against Singapore Armed Forces FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19733001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733001" title="Anne Tønnessen">
Anne Tønnessen

Anne Tønnessen (born 1974 in Flekkefjord) is a Norwegian footballer and Olympic champion. 
She received a gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, playing for the Norwegian team. She played only the two first matches in the Olympics, as she became injured early in the second game against Nigeria, and was replaced by Bente Kvitland for the rest of the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19733014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733014" title="Cologne Grand Prix">
Cologne Grand Prix

The Cologne Grand Prix was a tennis tournament held in Cologne, Germany, between 1976 and 1986. The tournament was a part of the Grand Prix tennis circuit for male tennis players.

</doc>
<doc id="19733020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733020" title="Yuttapong Boonamporn">
Yuttapong Boonamporn

Yuttapong Boonamporn is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thai Division 1 League side Suphanburi. He has won the Thai Premier League title in 2008 with Provincial Electricity Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="19733028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733028" title="Michael B. Druxman">
Michael B. Druxman

Michael B. Druxman (born February 23, 1941) is a screenwriter, active primarily in the 1990s. His scripts for B-movie producer Roger Corman include "Cheyenne Warrior" (1994) with Kelly Preston, "Dillinger and Capone" (1995) starring Martin Sheen and F. Murray Abraham and "The Doorway" (2000) with Roy Scheider, which he also directed.
He is also the author of one-person plays, "Lombard" and "Jolson."
Additionally, he is the author several non-fiction works about Hollywood, its movies and the people who make them (e.g. "Basil Rathbone: His Life and His Films", "Make It Again, Sam: A Survey of Movie Remakes"), plus two novels, "Nobody Drowns in Mineral Lake" and "Shadow Watcher".
His memoirs, "My Forty-Five Years in Hollywood and How I Escaped Alive", were published in August, 2010, by Bear Manor Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19733029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733029" title="Craggs">
Craggs

Craggs may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19733033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733033" title="Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres

The women's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
16 competitors entered in three heats on September 26, but one withdrew. The heats served as placement rounds for the semifinals that were held two days later.
Semifinals.
Three semifinals were held on September 28. The top three finishers in each semifinal advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on September 30. 
Schmidt, who won all three ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships women's kayaking events in 1981, 1982, 1983, 1985, and 1987, was an overwhelming favorite in this event but was upset by the fast-finising Gesheva.

</doc>
<doc id="19733035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733035" title="Archibald Robertson (bishop)">
Archibald Robertson (bishop)

The Right Reverend Archibald Robertson (29 June 1853 – 29 January 1931) was the seventh Principal of King's College London who later served as Bishop of Exeter.
He was born in Sywell, and educated at Bradfield College and Trinity College, Oxford where he graduated with a first class degree in Classics. He went on to serve as Principal of King's College London from 1897 to 1903, and received an honorary doctorate (LL.D) from the University of Glasgow in June 1901.
He was elected Bishop of Exeter in 1903, serving until 1916.
His son, of the same name, was the communist and atheist Archibald Robertson (atheist) (1886-1961).

</doc>
<doc id="19733044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733044" title="Rafał Jakubowicz">
Rafał Jakubowicz

Rafał Jakubowicz (born 1974). Visual artist. Art critic.
Education.
He studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Poznań, at the Faculty of Artistic Education (1999) and the Faculty of Painting, Graphics and Sculpture (2000). He is currently a PhD (doctorate) student at the Institute Of Art History at the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań
Art.
Member of artistic group Wunderteam since 2002. He has published articles in a number of magazines, journals, exhibition catalogues and websites, including „Czas Kultury”, „Orońsko. Kwartalnik Rzeźby”, „Gazeta malarzy i poetów”, „Tygodnik Powszechny”, „Format”, „Opcje”, „Exit”, „Odra”, „Kresy”, „Dyskurs”, „ARTeon”, „Umělec” (Praha), „Magazyn Sztuki”, „Rasta”. Member of AICA (International Association of Art Critics) since 2005.
In his artistic work Rafał Jakubowicz uses various media. He paints pictures, makes installations, videos, photos. He exhibits his works in galleries and makes projects in public space. He brings up the issues of widely interpreted memory; of preservation, superseding, continuation and disappearance of historical and visual reality. Jakubowicz's best-known work is "Arbeitsdisziplin": a video in which a uniformed guard is walking behind a wire netting set in front of a massive factory with Volkswagen logo; a lightbox with the view of the factory emerging from behind a barbed wire, and postcards showing the same theme. Referring to Volkswagen's shameful role in Nazi Germany, he shows an oppressive side of this place, and tells about the levers of power which penetrate the reality and determine our everyday life. They exist in the society's subconscious, awaiting an opportunity to come to light in extreme conditions.
Jakubowicz points out the danger of forgetting and of the ignorance caused by it. It is particularly noticeable in his work "Pływalnia" ("Swimming-pool") dedicated to a Poznań synagogue, which in 1940 was turned into a swimming-pool. Jakubowicz designed a postcard displaying a photo of the synagogue with a Hebrew sign meaning “swimming-pool” on one side, and a photograph of boys swimming in the pool on the other. The original character of the interior is meaningless to them. They do not know it. Unawareness, ignorance and the resulting passiveness, together with a lack of resistance, led throughout the history to the expansion of totalitarian regimes and irreversible modifications of reality. Jakubowicz emphasizes the importance of historical sense as well as of visual awareness, with either one's increase being made possible through art, which also enables spreading of knowledge, beyond the control of the authorities.
He lives and works in Poznań.
Exhibitions.
2006 Pływalnia, individual exhibition (ind.exh.), Auschwitz Jewish Center, Oświęcim; Gabinet, ind.exh., Galeria Entropia, Wrocław; The Lost Whistle, ind.exh. Sekcja, Warszawa (z Yifat Lajst); Witajcie w mediach!, Królikarnia, Warszawa; Ulica Próżna 2006, Warszawa; Futuryzm Miast Przemysłowych, Łaźnia Nowa, Nowa Huta; Czechpoint, Galerie C2C, Praga, Czechy; 2005 Sztuka zabija, ind.exh., Galeria Pies, Poznań; MITTEL WEIß, ind.exh., Foksal Gallery, Warszawa; stoosiemdziesiąt i coś, ind.exh., CSW Warszawa; Randka w ciemno, Sector Reforma, Guadalajara, Meksyk; Futuryzm Miast Przemysłowych, Kunstverein Wolfsburg, Niemcy; 2004 FORMA, ind.exh., Foksal Gallery, Warszawa; SIGNAL BOX /NASTAWNIA, BWA Katowice, Za czerwonym horyzontem, CSW Warszawa; 2003 zugzwang, ind.exh., Galeria Wieża Ciśnień, Konin; Stan wojenny, ZOR Warszawa; 2002 OUT THERE, ind.exh., Galeria ON, Poznań; Arbeitsdisziplin, ind.exh., Squat Rozbrat, Poznań; dicke Luft, ind.exh., Galeria Entropia, Wrocław; 2000 reparation, ind.exh., Galeria AT, Poznań.
External links.
Source.
The original version of the definition (Polish) can be found in Tekstylia bis, Korporacja Ha!art, Kraków 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19733045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733045" title="Yuttajak Kornchan">
Yuttajak Kornchan

Yuttajak is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thai Premier League side Chiangrai United. He won the Thailand Premier League in 2008. His speciality is his powerful shot.

</doc>
<doc id="19733063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733063" title="Rattapon Piyawuttisakun">
Rattapon Piyawuttisakun

Rattapon is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thai Premier League side PTT Rayong. When 2004, Rattapon have been selected in the project "Chang Thai to Everton F.C." and got a change to go to football practice at Everton F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19733067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733067" title="Nanodisc">
Nanodisc

A nanodisc is a synthetic model membrane system which assists in the study of membrane proteins. Nanodiscs are useful for membrane biology in the study of membrane proteins because they represent a more native environment than liposomes, detergent micelles or bicelles and allow the study of purified membrane proteins. Nanodiscs consist of a small portion of membrane that has been solubilized by the addition of two molecules of an amphipathic protein, dubbed the membrane scaffold protein (MSP). This protein wraps around the hydrophobic core of the lipids, effectively creating a soluble portion of membrane. When prepared properly, nanodiscs are uniform in size and allow a native local environment to be maintained within a larger "in vitro" study.
Further reading.
Some recent publications and reviews
Shih, A.Y., Freddolino, P.L., Arkhipov, A., Sligar, S.G., and Schulten, K. (2008) Molecular Modeling of the Structural Properties and Formation of High-Density Lipoprotein Particles Current Topics in Membranes 60, 313-342. ISBN 978-0123738936

</doc>
<doc id="19733077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733077" title="Armageddon (Prism album)">
Armageddon (Prism album)

Armageddon is the third studio album and fourth album overall by Canadian rock band Prism. It was released in 1979 on Canadian record label GRT. It achieved double platinum status in Canada (in excess of 200,000 units sold.)
Armageddon is notable for several reasons. Bruce Fairbairn received the Canadian music industry 1980 Juno Award for Producer of the Year for the album. Band leader and guitarist-songwriter Lindsay Mitchell received the SOCAN Song of the Year award for "Night to Remember". It is the band's best selling album. Despite all the commercial success, the band's record label, GRT Records, filed for bankruptcy in the same year of the album's release. The album is also notable for the songwriting contributions by Bryan Adams.
Background.
Armageddon was crucial in Prism's commercial development. The band had already released two successful albums, both reaching platinum status in Canada (100,000+ units sold.) But they had yet to break into the US in a significant way and were only an opening act on the Canadian arena rock tour. Armageddon was expected to be their breakout album, elevating the band to international success and a concert headline act. The first and biggest obstacle the band faced was a lack of songwriting within the lineup. Jim Vallance, under the pseudonym "Rodney Higgs", was the original and principal songwriter for Prism. But after the first album, he withdrew from the band and only provided token contributions. The role of principal songwriter was then left to Lindsay Mitchell. Although a capable songwriter, he could not match the quantity of material written by Vallance. This in turn forced the band to go outside the lineup for new material.
Bryan Adams & Jim Vallance (Rodney Higgs).
Songwriting and arranging presence of future 1980s superstar Bryan Adams and his songwriting partner Jim Vallance (credited as Rodney Higgs for his sole song contribution here, but as Jim Vallance for his arranging contributions). Vallance was once a full-fledged member of the band.
GRT Bankruptcy.
Prism's record label, GRT Records, went into bankruptcy in 1979 and the rights to their catalog was purchased by Capitol Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19733084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733084" title="Victor Mensah">
Victor Mensah

Victor Mensah (born 25 December 1985) is a Ghanaian footballer who has won the Thailand Premier League with club side Provincial Electricity Authority. He is currently playing for Raj Pracha Thailand F.C. in the Thai Division 1 League.
Career.
He joined in 2008 to Provincial Electricity Authority and won the Thailand Premier League in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19733089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733089" title="Salisbury, Illinois">
Salisbury, Illinois

Salisbury is an unincorporated community located in Sangamon County, Illinois. It is located on Illinois Route 97, 11 miles (18 km) northwest of Springfield. Salisbury used to be located in its own rural township, Salisbury Township. After Salisbury Township dissolved itself in 1989, the Salisbury area joined the adjacent Gardner Township.

</doc>
<doc id="19733095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733095" title="Anucha Chaiyawong">
Anucha Chaiyawong

Anucha Chaiyawong is a Thai footballer currently playing for Chiangmai F.C., and who played for Thailand Premier League side Provincial Electricity Authority FC. He won the Thailand Premier League in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19733103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733103" title="Craggs, Florida">
Craggs, Florida

Craggs is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located about northeast of Trenton on State Road 47, where the railroad tracks cross the highway.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19733116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733116" title="2001–02 Carolina Hurricanes season">
2001–02 Carolina Hurricanes season

The 2001–02 Carolina Hurricanes season was the franchise's 23rd season in the National Hockey League and 5th as the Hurricanes. The Hurricanes made it as far as the Stanley Cup Final, but lost in 5 games to the Detroit Red Wings.
Regular season.
The Hurricanes had the most power-play opportunities of all 30 teams, with 391.
Game log.
October.
Record for the month 6-5-0-2 (Home 4-4-0-1 Away 2-1-0-1)
November.
Record for the month 6-6-4-0 (Home 4-1-2-0 Away 2-4-2-0)
December.
Record for the month 8-2-1-3 (Home 3-2-0-1 Away 5-0-1-2)
January.
Record for the month 3-6-5-0 (Home 1-4-4-0 Away 2-2-1-0)
February.
Record for the month 2-3-1-0 (Home 0-0-1-0 Away 2-3-0-0)
March.
Record for the month 7-2-3-0 (Home 2-1-3-0 Away 5-1-0-0)
April.
Record for the month 3-2-2-0 (Home 1-1-1-0 Away 2-1-1-0)
Player stats.
Forwards.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Points"
Defencemen.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Points"
Goaltending.
"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
Playoffs.
Eastern Conference Quarterfinals.
Carolina Hurricanes (3) vs. New Jersey Devils (6)
Eastern Conference Semifinals.
Carolina Hurricanes (3) vs. Montreal Canadiens (8)
Eastern Conference Finals.
Carolina Hurricanes (3) vs. Toronto Maple Leafs (4)
Stanley Cup Finals.
Detroit Red Wings (W1) vs. Carolina Hurricanes (E3)
Awards and honors.
NHL Draft.
Carolina's picks at the 2001 NHL Entry Draft in Sunrise, Florida.The Hurricanes have the 15th overall pick.
Farm teams.
American Hockey League.
The Lowell Lock Monsters are the Hurricanes American Hockey League affiliate for the 2001–02 AHL season.
East Coast Hockey League.
The Florida Everblades are the Hurricanes East Coast Hockey League affiliate.

</doc>
<doc id="19733120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733120" title="Pattara Piyapatrakitti">
Pattara Piyapatrakitti

Pattara Piyapatrakitti () or formerly Pattarakorn Thanganuruck is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thailand Premier League side Police United.
Honours.
International
Thai Premier League Winner x 3
2002/03 & 2003/04 - Krung Thai Bank FC
2008 - PEA FC
Thai FA Cup Winner
2009 - Thai Port FC
He played in the 2010 Thai League Cup final and won a winner's medal after Thai Port defeated Buriram PEA F.C. 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="19733124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733124" title="St. Alphonsus Church">
St. Alphonsus Church

St. Alphonsus Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19733131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733131" title="Heckton, Pennsylvania">
Heckton, Pennsylvania

Heckton is an unincorporated community in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, United States, at latitude 40.352 and longitude -76.916. It is part of the Harrisburg–Carlisle Metropolitan Statistical Area.
It was named for Dr. Lewis Heck - Born 1810 - Died 1890 - Reared in Shippensburg, Dr. Heck settled here in 1832. He practiced medicine and served as a Representative in the Pennsylvania General Assembly during the American Civil War. He also operated a large steam sawmill nearby from 1843 until 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="19733138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733138" title="Supakit Jinajai">
Supakit Jinajai

Supakit Jinajai, born October 6, 1979 in Bangkok, Thailand, is a Thai footballer currently playing in the Regional League Division 2, on the Lamphun Warrior team.

</doc>
<doc id="19733150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733150" title="WAES">
WAES

WAES (88.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Variety format. Licensed to Lincolnshire, Illinois, USA. The station is currently owned by Adlai E. Stevenson Hs Dist. 125. It is local to Adlai E. Stevenson High School.
Locally, the high school radio station is known as the "Stevenson Patriot Radio," a name inclusive of both the school's name and mascot. The radio station can be tuned into from most southern Lake County locales; the station itself is run by students of the high school.

</doc>
<doc id="19733162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733162" title="Curtis, Florida">
Curtis, Florida

Curtis is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located about southwest of Bell.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19733165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733165" title="Phonlawut Donjui">
Phonlawut Donjui

Phonlawut Donjui is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thailand Premier League side Bangkok United. He won the Thailand Premier League in 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19733180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733180" title="Vaithya lingam temple">
Vaithya lingam temple

Sri Vaithya Lingam Swami temple is located at Aladipatti, which is from Tirunelveli on the way to Tenkasi. The temple's sanctum has sri vaithya lingam swami and goddess yogambigai. The other deities of the temple for various castes of people are Sudalai Madan Samy and Karuppa Samy.
Kula Deivam.
Sri Vaithya Lingam Swami is worshipped as Kula Deivam by various groups of people.
Festivals.
The festival will be carried twice a year. A ten days festive for Sri Vaithya lingam swami and Yogambigai in the month of Avani (Tamil month) and another festive for the deity in the month of Chitthirai (Tamil month), which is more popular around the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19733207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733207" title="Lina Bruna Rasa">
Lina Bruna Rasa

Lina Bruna Rasa (24 September 1907 – October 1984) was an Italian operatic soprano. She was particularly noted for her performances in the verismo repertoire and was a favourite of Pietro Mascagni who considered her the ideal Santuzza. Bruna Rasa created the roles of Atte in Mascagni's "Nerone", Cecilia Sagredo in Franco Vittadini's "La Sagredo" and Saint Clare in Licinio Refice's 1926 oratorio, "Trittico Francescano". She also sang the role of Tsaritsa Militarisa in the Italian premiere of Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's "The Tale of Tsar Saltan".
Biography.
Lina Bruna Rasa was born at Padua and began her music studies at age 14, studying with Guido Palumbo and Italiano Tabarin in her native Padua, and later in Milan with Manlio Bavagnoli. Her appearance in a 1925 concert at the Teatro La Fenice singing the "Suicidio" aria from "La Gioconda" created a sensation. By the end of that year, at the age of 18 she made her operatic debut singing the role of Elena in Boito's "Mefistofele" at the Teatro Politeama in Genoa. She made her debut at the Teatro Regio in Turin in the same role on 21 February 1926 and was engaged by Toscanini to sing Elena for the opening of the 1927 season at La Scala where she made her debut on 16 November 1927. She went on to sing in many notable performances there including the world premieres of Mascagni's "Nerone", Franco Vittadini's "La Sagredo", the Italian premiere of Rimsky-Korsakov's "The Tale of Tsar Saltan" and some of the earliest performances Wolf-Ferrari's "Sly", Vincenzo Michetti's "La Maddalena", and Respighi's "La campana sommersa". In a departure from her usual repertoire, she sang Mathilde for La Scala's celebration of the 100th anniversary of Rossini's "William Tell".
In the years between 1926 and 1933 Bruna Rasa sang throughout Italy as well as in Montecarlo, Nice, Lausanne and Barcelona where she sang "Aida" at the city's Gran Teatre del Liceu. Further afield, she travelled to Egypt in 1927 where she sang in "Aida" and "Omòniza" in Cairo's Teatro Reale. In 1929, she was engaged by the theatrical impresario, Faustino Da Rosa, for a series of performances in South America. She made her debut at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires on 14 June 1929 as Maddalena de Coigny in "Andrea Chénier" with Georges Thill as Chénier. She also sang there in "Cavalleria Rusticana", "Tosca", and "La campana sommersa" in its South American premiere. In August, Da Rosa's singers went on to Uruguay where she sang "Andrea Chénier" (again with Thill) and "Tosca" at the Teatro Solis in Montevideo.
Bruna Rasa's earliest assumptions of Santuzza in "Cavalleria rusticana", the role for which she is best remembered today, were in 1927 in Lausanne and Bari. The opera's composer, Pietro Mascagni, and Bruna Rasa met for the first time in Venice in July 1928 when he conducted a performance of "Cavalleria Rusticana" in the Piazza San Marco before a crowd of 35,000 people. Mascagni was struck by her dramatic intensity and her powerful yet beautiful voice. She was to become his favourite Santuzza. He subsequently conducted many of her performances in the role both in Italy and abroad and chose her for the 1940 recording of "Cavalleria rusticana" which marked the 50th anniversary of its premiere. It is the only full-length studio recording of the work which is conducted by Mascagni himself.
In the early 1930s Bruna Rasa had begun showing signs of the mental illness which was to cause her premature retirement from the stage. This worsened with the death of her mother in 1935. She suffered a severe breakdown which led to her spending increasingly longer periods away from the stage, often in sanatoriums. Gino Bechi who sang with her on the 1940 "Cavalleria rusticana" recording recalled that during the recording sessions she would insistently ask him if he had noticed the white horses in the wings that she believed were waiting to take her away, but would become completely lucid when the music began. The tenor Giovanni Breviario who sang with her in Lecco in 1941 recalled:"Her marvelous voice came to life as soon as she began her scenes. This happened only onstage. We were all very affectionate toward her, but when not on the stage, she was passive, apathetic, would not speak and remained doggedly clinging to her handbag." On 20 July 1942, she sang in "Cavalleria rusticana" at the outdoor arena in Pesaro. It was to be her final performance in a staged opera. Lina Bruna Rasa spent the last 36 years of her life in a mental hospital in Milan, where she died.
Roles.
In addition to the stage roles listed below, Bruna Rasa also sang in radio performances of Rito Selvaggi's "Maggiolata veneziana" and Giordano's "Fedora". 

</doc>
<doc id="19733216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733216" title="A Night at the Opera Tour">
A Night at the Opera Tour

A Night at the Opera Tour was a concert tour in 1975 by Queen to promote their album "A Night at the Opera". It spanned from 1975 to 1976 and covered Europe, the United States, Japan, and Australia. This was the first appearance of Bohemian Rhapsody, which went on to be played at every Queen gig from the A Night At The Opera Tour to The Magic Tour.
Concert Recordings.
No visual-recording of the tour has been released on home video. The Christmas Eve concert at the Hammersmith Odeon was video-taped and broadcast live on the long-running BBC music programme The Old Grey Whistle Test. From 2009, the concert has been rebroadcast occasionally on the BBC. This version included a newly recorded introduction by Bob Harris (in front of the Hammersmith Odeon) and the concert itself was slightly edited.

</doc>
<doc id="19733217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733217" title="Little Lake City, Florida">
Little Lake City, Florida

Little Lake City is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located on the Suwannee River about northwest of Bell.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19733221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733221" title="Church of Ireland College of Education">
Church of Ireland College of Education

The Church of Ireland College of Education or C.I.C.E. as it is more commonly known () is one of five Irish Colleges of Education which provide a Bachelor of Education (B.Ed.) degree, the qualification generally required to teach in Irish primary schools. Its degrees are awarded by Trinity College/University of Dublin just like Coláiste Mhuire, Marino and Froebel College of Education.
The college is located in Rathmines in Dublin.
The College also provides postgraduate courses in Learning Support and Special Educational Needs and a Certificate Course for Special Needs Assistants.
History.
The history of The Church of Ireland College of Education dates from 1811 when a primary teacher training college known as "The Kildare Place Training Institution" was founded in Dublin by the Society for Promoting Education of the Poor in Ireland. In the 1850s this institution was taken over by the Church Education Society for the purpose of training Anglican teachers for church schools. This College was taken over in 1878 by the General Synod of the Church of Ireland and six years later became a recognised denominational college with the Archbishop of Dublin as "ex officio" manager and Chairman of the Board of Governors. In 1884 under the guidance of Archbishop Plunket affiliated to the state national school system.
In the 1970s a Bachelor of Education degree was introduced and since then has been taught jointly by Trinity College, University of Dublin and The Church of Ireland College of Education. It is also the oldest teacher training establishment in Ireland. While, it holds the fewest students in comparison to the other colleges, it is renowned for its esteemed graduates.
The CICE course has a mandatory Religious element preparing teachers to teach in Protestant run primary schools.
Student accommodation is also available on campus for both students of the college or of other colleges.
In 2011 the college celebrates its bicentenary, with a number of events celebrating the colleges contribution to education in Ireland.
2012 seen the announcements by the Minister of Education, Ruairi Quinn, regarding the reduction in the number of teacher training colleges, with a number of small colleges earmarked for closure or encouraged to merge with other institutions, as a result CICE has been in negotiation with Trinity College however disagreements have seen CICE enter into negotiations with Dublin City University who validate St Patrick's College, Dublin(Drumcondra) and Mater Dei(two Catholic Colleges) about accommodating the Church of Ireland ethos in Teacher Training, within a new Institution.
Principals.
Principals of the College included:-

</doc>
<doc id="19733233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733233" title="Break Up the Concrete">
Break Up the Concrete

Break Up the Concrete is the ninth studio album by rock group The Pretenders. It is their first studio album since "Loose Screw" in 2002. Several "exclusive" editions of the disc exist (see track listing below); each appends a new countrified version of Pretenders' classic, in keeping with the general sound of the album. The title song "Break Up the Concrete" was used in the opening scene of an episode of "House M.D." ("5 to 9", season 6, episode 14).
The first edition of "Break Up the Concrete" also includes a small sheet of "handmade seed paper", which can be planted, and if cared for, promise to sprout within a few weeks.
"Break Up the Concrete" was the first Pretenders album since 1994's "Last of the Independents" not to feature Martin Chambers on drums. In an interview, Chrissie Hynde said that she was looking for a different style that she didn't believe that Martin was capable of playing to her satisfaction. Session drummer Jim Keltner took his place in the studio, although Chambers would return for the tour in support of the album.
Reception.
The album so far has a score of 74 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "generally positive reviews". "Mojo" gave the album four stars out of five and said that it was "looser and more organic, and a different sonic palette for Hynde." "Q" also gave it four stars out of five and said, "It's Hynde who steals the show with her lip-curling vibrato, part Elvis, part Dusty, never more intoxicating than on the seductive 'Almost Perfect.'" "The Boston Globe" gave it a positive review and said that the album "just might be most congenial, and certainly rootsiest, collection yet."
Other reviews are average or mixed: "Under the Radar" gave the album six stars out of ten and said it had "a few throwaway tunes", but that it was "probably the best Pretenders album since "Get Close"." "Uncut" gave it three stars out of five and said that the album might be "a bargain... but the triumphs of yore tend to expose the new album's low-fi rockabilly and country strums." "The Observer" also gave it three stars out of five and said that Chrissie Hynde was "reinvestigating her roots with some rockabilly and a Dylan vibe." "The Austin Chronicle", however, gave it two-and-a-half stars out of five and asked, "Why not take the five really good tracks... and offer a stellar EP for download?"
Chart.
"Break Up the Concrete" debuted at number 32 on "Billboard"'s album chart in the issue dated 25 October 2008 and it stayed on the chart for three weeks. The album was issued with a 'best of' in a double-disc edition in the UK and charted at number 35 on the UK Albums Chart.
Popular culture.
Disc 2, track 1 "Boots of Chinese Plastic" was featured on the popular AMC television show "Breaking Bad" during Walt's "joyride" scene in episode 407, "Problem Dog".

</doc>
<doc id="19733239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733239" title="Chalermpong Kerdkaew">
Chalermpong Kerdkaew

Chalermpong Kerdkaew is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thai Premier League side Chainat F.C. He won the Thai Premier League in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19733242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733242" title="Helder (disambiguation)">
Helder (disambiguation)

Helder often refers to Den Helder, a municipality and a city in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19733253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733253" title="1984 South Australian Open – Singles">
1984 South Australian Open – Singles

Mike Bauer was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals this year.
Peter Doohan won the title, defeating Huub van Boeckel 1–6, 6–1, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19733262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733262" title="Lottieville, Florida">
Lottieville, Florida

Lottieville is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located on State Road 26 about west of Trenton.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19733287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733287" title="Wave height">
Wave height

In fluid dynamics, the wave height of a surface wave is the difference between the elevations of a crest and a neighbouring trough. Wave height is a term used by mariners, as well as in coastal, ocean and naval engineering.
At sea, the term significant wave height is used as a means to introduce a well-defined and standardized statistic to denote the characteristic height of the random waves in a sea state. It is defined in such a way that it more–or–less corresponds to what a mariner observes when estimating visually the average wave height.

</doc>
<doc id="19733289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733289" title="St Augustine the Less Church, Bristol">
St Augustine the Less Church, Bristol

St Augustine the Less was a Church of England parish church in Bristol, England, first attested in 1240, rebuilt in 1480, damaged in 1940 by fire, and demolished in 1962. It took its name from its proximity to the church of the Abbey of St Augustine ("St Augustine the Great"), which is now Bristol Cathedral.
The parish was united with that of St George's Church, Brandon Hill, after the Second World War. After demolition the site remained vacant until the early 1980s, when an archaeological investigation was undertaken before an extension to the Royal Hotel was built over it; over 100 burial vaults were discovered below the former church's floor, together with coins of various periods; the finds were deposited in the Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="19733291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733291" title="2004–05 Phoenix Coyotes season">
2004–05 Phoenix Coyotes season

The 2004–05 Phoenix Coyotes season was their 26th National Hockey League season, and their ninth season in Phoenix, however its games were cancelled as the 2004–05 NHL lockout could not be resolved in time.

</doc>
<doc id="19733299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733299" title="John Kenney">
John Kenney

John J. Kenney (1844 – August 7, 1893) was an American professional baseball player. He played outfield and second base for the Brooklyn Atlantics in , when that club belatedly joined the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players in its second season.
Kenney played five games during May of that season; in 19 at bats he did not get a base hit but is credited with one run batted in. 
Previously he had been a regular outfielder for the Atlantics in 1867 and a substitute infielder during the next two seasons. In the first professional season, 1869, he played primarily third base in nine of 58 team games on record. Next season he was a regular outfielder and infielder for Union of Morrisania (now in the Bronx), a lesser one of fifteen professional teams in 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="19733302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733302" title="List of programs broadcast by Knowledge Network">
List of programs broadcast by Knowledge Network

The following is the list of programs aired by Knowledge Network.
Knowledge Kids.
The following programs are broadcast by Knowledge Kids, the children's brand of Knowledge Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19733315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733315" title="Neals, Florida">
Neals, Florida

Neals is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located about east of Craggs.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19733343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733343" title="Iraq–Pakistan relations">
Iraq–Pakistan relations

The Iraq–Pakistan relations are the international and bilateral between the Republic of Iraq and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Iraq has the unique distinction of being one of the first Arab countries to have diplomatically recognized Pakistan as a sovereign country in 1947.
Although both nations were part of the military alliance led by the United States in 1960s, the relations turned into hostilities in 1970s, throughout the early 2000s, which covered the political issues of Iran-Iraq War, the 1991 Gulf War and the 2003 Iraq War. The relations normalized in 2004 to the current state whereby Pakistan maintains an embassy in Baghdad while Iraq has an embassy in Islamabad. Pakistan continued their support for Iraq during the Iran-Iraq War despite pressure from the United States on Pakistan to not back Iraq. Pakistan brushed off any comments from the Unites States and labeled the Iraqi nation as 'brothers in faith' and stated that support to them was compulsory and should not be questioned. Pakistan has been one of the most outspoken nation against the US invasion of Iraq and President Musharraf, the president of Pakistan at the time warned the US that Pakistan is also a nuclear state just like the US and raising a finger against a 'brotherly' nation like Iraq would mean to also disturb Pakistan. However, shortly after Pakistan entered into its own internal problems whereby President Musharraf was removed from presidency and a state of emergency in Pakistan was declared.
History of Foreign relations.
1950–50s:CENTO Pact.
Iraq was one of the few Arab countries to have diplomatically established relations with Pakistan in 1947. In 1950s, the diplomatic problems began to mount when Iraq provided weapons and ammunition to Baloch separatist against the Iranian Government, which also caused disturbances in Pakistan. In 1960s, Pakistan and Iraq joined the CENTO military alliance led by the United States to oppose the Soviet Union.
1970s–80s: Diplomatic rift and tensions.
There were two incidents that led to the deterioration of relations between the two countries in 1970s. It was before the 1971 OIC summit in Lahore that Iraq's relations subsequently reached a low ebb with Pakistan. Iraq was also the first Arab country to have recognized Bangladesh in 1972 only after East-Germany. Iraqi President Hassan al-Bakr financially and militarily supported the Baloch rebels during the internal rebellion in Balochistan, Pakistan. This lead to the souring of relations between the two countries.
The support continued until 1973 when the Military Intelligence (MI) successfully convinced one Baloch leader to defect to Pakistan. On 10 February 1973, the Punjab Rangers and the police raided the Iraqi embassy in Islamabad without prior official warning to the Iraqi government. This tactical operation revealed a large cache of small arms, ammunition and hand grenades. Other weapon supplies were found in crates marked "Foreign Ministry, Baghdad" and these were believed to be destined for Pakistani Baloch rebels. Pakistan responded by expelling and declaring persona non grata Iraqi Ambassador Hikmat Sulaiman and other consular staff. In a letter written to President Richard Nixon on 14 February 1973, Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto Bhutto blamed India and Afghanistan, besides Iraq and the Soviet Union, for involvement in a "conspiracy ... subversive and irredentist elements which seek to disrupt Pakistan's integrity."
A successful military operation led to an ultimate dismantling of Baloch rebels in the province. In 1980s, the Martial Law Administrator of Balochistan, General Rahimuddin Khan's policies stabilized the province. During the height of the Iran-Iraq war, President Saddam Hussein tried to work with the Baloch rebels to divert Iran's focus to Pakistan but this was ultimately unsuccessful. In the wake of Iran-Iraq War in 1980s, the Gulf Cooperation Council was formed in 1981 in the Middle East. Most of the military instructors were from the Pakistan Armed Forces, around ~40,000 military personnel of Pakistan Armed Forces were stationed in Saudi Arabia to reinforce the internal and external security of the country. The Iran-Iraq war was a polarizing issue in Pakistan, with half of its population now under threat from its own Shiite population and from revolutionary Iran. President Zia managed Pakistan's security efficiently knowing the fact that since Pakistan was closer to United States, the country would be dragged into a war against a friendly neighbour at the behest of the United States. The high-ranking members of Pakistan Armed Forces strongly objected the killing of Shiite pilgrims in Saudi Arabia. Zia did not issue any orders to Pakistan Armed Forces-Arab Contingent Forces, to engage any country militarily.
Despite the United States urging, the Iran-Iraq war provided Zia with an opportunity to deal with Iran. Many stinger missiles shipped for Afghan mujahideen were sold to Iran which proved to be a defining factor for Iran in the Tanker war.
1990s–2000s: Gulf war and sanctions.
In 1991, Iraq invaded Kuwait due to political tensions between the two Arab countries. Pakistan fully endorsed the United States-led military campaign against Iraq, with chief of army staff General Aslam Beg and Chairman Joint Chiefs Admiral Iftikhar Sirohey overseeing the deployment of the Pakistan Armed Forces Middle East Contingent forces.
Ironically, General Beg accused the Western countries for encouraging Iraq to invade Kuwait, though he kept his armed forces fighting against Iraq as a support to Saudi Arabia. The Iraq war with Kuwait was a polarizing political issue in Pakistan and Beg carefully commanded and deployed the Pakistan Armed Forces' contingent forces during the Operation Desert Storm in 1991.
After the 1991 Gulf war Iraq began building closer relations with India after having considered it as one of its closest allies.It then became a major oil supplier to India. Iraq had supported India's right to develop its nuclear program following its tests of five nuclear weapons on May 11 and May 13, 1998. In 1999, the relations soured when Iraq and India began to work towards a stronger relationship. In 2000, the then-Iraqi Vice-President Taha Yassin Ramadan visited India, and on 6 August 2002, President Saddam Hussein conveyed Iraq's "unwavering support" to India over the Kashmir dispute with Pakistan. India and Iraq established joint ministerial committees and trade delegations to promote extensive bilateral co-operation.
2003–Present: Normalization of relations.
In 2003, prior to the outbreak of the second Gulf War, the Government of Pakistan announced it was opposed to any military action against Iraq. Pakistan was under tremendous public pressure to vote against the war although some had been considering a vote for the war. After the war ended however Pakistan had indicated that it was willing to send its Middle East military contingent forces to Iraq for peacekeeping if the Iraqi people wished so.
As early as 2003, the United States and the United Kingdom made many calls for the deployment of the Pakistan military's contingent forces for peacekeeping operations in Iraq. The Pakistan military officials countered that: "Given the uprising against the US-led coalition forces in Iraq and the internal anarchy there, sending our troops at this time would be like jumping into fire." Relations remains intense over the issue of foreign hostages in Iraq. In 2004–05, 14 Pakistani citizens were made hostages of which two hostages were killed by their captors in Iraq.
Nonetheless, the relations were normalized following the United States troops withdrawal from Iraq. In 2013, both countries signed a defence pact.

</doc>
<doc id="19733350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733350" title="Kabaddi at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Kabaddi at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Kabaddi was contested by seven teams at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games in Macau, China from October 30 to November 3. The competition took place at Luso-Chinesa School Pavilion.

</doc>
<doc id="19733362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733362" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 32">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 32

The 32nd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19733363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733363" title="Tyler, Florida">
Tyler, Florida

Tyler is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located about northeast of Trenton.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19733369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733369" title="Polikarpov I-6">
Polikarpov I-6

The Polikarpov I-6 was a Soviet biplane fighter prototype of the late 1920s. It was designed with traditional wooden construction in comparison with the wood and steel tube construction Polikarpov I-5. Its development took longer than planned and the lead designer, Nikolai Polikarpov, was arrested for industrial sabotage, which only further delayed the project. Only two prototypes were built, as the I-5 was selected for production. 
Design and development.
Development of the I-6 ("Istrebitel"—fighter) began in September 1928 with a deadline for delivery for the first prototype of 1 August 1929 after the first prototypes of the Polikarpov I-3 were completed. Although the new fighter shared many of the characteristics of the earlier design, including the staggered sesquiplane, single-bay, layout of the wings, it was a new design which used a nine-cylinder, single-row, air-cooled Bristol Jupiter radial engine rather the water-cooled inline engine of its predecessor. It was designed by the OSS (—Landplane Department), later redesignated as OPO-1 (—Experimental Department) of "Aviatrest" ("Aviation Trust") under the supervision of Nikolai Polikarpov, head designer of the department. It was originally intended to be compared to the I-3, but this was changed to an evaluation of construction methods with the wooden construction I-6 compared to the mixed construction Polikarpov I-5. Both aircraft used the Jupiter VI engine for which a license had recently been negotiated.
The I-6 had an oval-section semi-monocoque fuselage covered with 'shpon', molded birch plywood, with a small headrest faired into the fuselage, although the engine was enclosed in a metal cowling that left the cylinder heads exposed for better cooling. The two-spar wings were covered in plywood and fabric and had a Clark Y profile. Internal bracing wires were fitted to reinforce the wings. The control surfaces were framed in duralumin, but covered in fabric. The duralumin N-type struts that separated the wings, and attached the upper wing to the fuselage, had a teardrop profile. They were reinforced with steel bracing wires. The conventional undercarriage was fixed with rubber shock absorbers. The wooden propeller was given a spinner. The lighter weight of the air-cooled Jupiter engine, which required neither a heavy radiator nor coolant, meant that the I-6 had an empty weight only 62% of that of the I-3. 
Polikarpov was arrested and imprisoned by the OGPU in September 1929 for the crime of industrial sabotage when neither the I-6 nor the I-5 projects met their stipulated deadlines, and this delayed the first flight of the I-6 until 30 March 1930. The second prototype was completed shortly thereafter and both aircraft appeared in that year's May Day fly-past over Moscow. Both aircraft likely used imported engines before they were replaced by the Soviet-built copy of the Jupiter, the Shvetsov M-22. One I-6 crashed on 13 June 1930 after the test pilot bailed out, without justification, in the opinion of the Soviet aviation historian Vadim B. Shavrov. 
The I-5 and the I-6 were virtually identical in performance, although the I-6 took 15 seconds to complete a full circle versus the 9.5 seconds of the I-5. Both aircraft were armed with two 7.62 mm (0.3 in) PV-1 machine guns, but the production model of the I-5 was expected to be armed with four, although this proved to impose too great a penalty to the I-5's performance. The exact reasons for the selection of the I-5 over the I-6, which was debated for a full year, are not known, but likely relate to both of these factors. Curiously, Polikarpov was not informed of the selection of the I-5 until his release in 1933 after his initial sentence of death had been commuted to ten years of imprisonment in a labor camp.

</doc>
<doc id="19733370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733370" title="Luis Gómez">
Luis Gómez

Luis Gómez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19733427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733427" title="Waters Lake, Florida">
Waters Lake, Florida

Waters Lake is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located about south of Craggs, just east of State Road 47 on a lake of the same name, for which it is named.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19733441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733441" title="Jean de La Chapelle">
Jean de La Chapelle

Jean de La Chapelle (24 October 1651 - 29 May 1723) was a French writer and dramatist. 
Chapelle was born at Bourges, France. He was elected to the Académie française in 1688. He died in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19733444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733444" title="Elisabeth Kelan">
Elisabeth Kelan

Dr Elisabeth Kelan is an Associate Professor in the Department of Management at King's College London. Prior to that she was Senior Research Fellow in the Centre for Women in Business at London Business School, founded by Laura D’Andrea Tyson. She also worked at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) where she received her PhD.
Elisabeth Kelan is a leading scholar on gender, generations and leadership in organizations. "The Times" described her as an up-and-coming management thinker. She is known for having coined the term Gender Fatigue to denote that whilst gender discrimination continues to exist in organizations, people struggle to deny its existence to construct their workplaces as gender neutral.
Research.
Kelan has conducted research on gender in high-tech professions and on gender in MBA education. She also led a project that explored what Generation Y/Millennials want from work. Her interests lie in the area of identity in organizations and organizational cultures. She is particularly interested in the subtle effects of stereotypes and inequality. Her current work looks at gender and generational diversity, corporate responsibility and leadership development.
Work.
Dr Kelan has presented her research at various prestigious institutions and occasions such as at the World Summit on the Information Society in Tunis 2005, the Women as Global Leaders conference in Abu Dhabi 2006, the United Nations in New York 2007, the Women's Forum for the Economy and Society in Deauville 2007 and 2008, and the United Nations Global Compact’s Women’s Day Commemoration in New York in 2009 and 2010. During the 2009 event held to adopt and implement the UN Global Compact Calvert Women’s Principles, she spoke on why gender is a crucial part of corporate social responsibility.
She gave further keynote addresses to the Mayor of London & Greater London Authority's Women in London’s Economy programme held at the Merchant Taylors' Hall, and to the European Central Bank in Frankfurt.
In June 2008, she organised the “Humanising Work” symposium with Judy Wajcman, then Visiting Professor at the Lehman Brothers Centre for Women in Business at London Business School. The groundbreaking seminar attempted to expose business academics and practitioners to current research and knowledge in the social sciences and saw two talks by (Lord) Anthony Giddens and Richard Sennett. Stefan Stern from the Financial Times likened this event to an academic version of the Rumble in the Jungle and referred to it as the "Dialectic in the Park" – a reference to London Business School's Regent's Park campus. He authored several articles on the topic of "What sociologists can teach managers" discussing his impression that sociologists could help you run your company better than management gurus.

</doc>
<doc id="19733455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733455" title="Wilcox, Florida">
Wilcox, Florida

Wilcox is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located about west of Lottieville, at the bend in State Road 26.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19733461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733461" title="Ash Green Halt railway station">
Ash Green Halt railway station

Ash Green Halt railway station known for a time as Ash Green, served the village of Ash, Surrey in England on a forerunner version of the Alton Line which ran from London via the town of Guildford to the east.
History.
The London and South Western Railway opened the station in 1849, as a halt (request stop), between Guildford railway station and Aldershot railway station before the opening of nearby spurs off the South Western Main Line to the north and consequent rival routes which were shorter to London and provided a direct link to Reading, Berkshire from the main destinations Alton, Hampshire and Aldershot. The 1923 Grouping made the LS&WR became of the new Southern Railway, which closed Ash Green in 1937.
The site today.
The station building is now a private house.

</doc>
<doc id="19733526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733526" title="2009 Thai Division 1 League">
2009 Thai Division 1 League

The 2009 Thai Division 1 League has 16 teams.
Pre Season Playoff.
The winners of the Pre Season Playoff would fill the void left by Bangkok Bank FC, after they withdrew from the league after being relegated from the Thailand Premier League.
The four semi finalist's in the play-offs, are the four relegated clubs from the 2008 season of the Thailand Division 1 League.
Results.
"Last updated October 17, 2009"
Top scorers.
"Last updated October 17, 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="19733538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733538" title="Tickell">
Tickell

Tickell is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19733549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733549" title="Wilcox Junction, Florida">
Wilcox Junction, Florida

Wilcox Junction is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located about west of Wilcox, and about north of Fanning Springs.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19733561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733561" title="Lincolnshire-Riverwoods Fire Protection District">
Lincolnshire-Riverwoods Fire Protection District

The Lincolnshire-Riverwoods Fire Protection District is a United States public safety agency purposed to defend a portion of the Vernon Township in the northeastern Illinois county of Lake from fire. The firefighting district is composed of three stations; one of these stations is located in the village of Lincolnshire, while the others are in the adjacent villages of Riverwoods and Vernon Hills. 
The fire protection district offers a number civilian services to the villages of Lincolnshire and Riverwoods, including surveys identifying how competent houses would be to fire and surveys to check the functionality of residents' fire detectors. They also offer CPR classes. 
There are 36 sworn full-time Firefighter/Paramedics, four civilian workers, 3 Battalion Chiefs, 2 Deputy Chiefs, and one Fire Chief. 

</doc>
<doc id="19733579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733579" title="Eidsivating Court of Appeal">
Eidsivating Court of Appeal

Eidsivating Court of Appeal () is the court of appeal located in Hamar, Norway. It serves the counties of Hedmark, Oppland and northern Akershus. In addition to Hamar, the court may meet in Lillehammer and Eidsvoll. The court is administrated by the Norwegian National Courts Administration.
Eidsivating was created in 1995, when the former Eidsivating Court of Appeal was split into two; the Oslo-based section was renamed the Borgarting Court of Appeal, while the northern section retained the Eidsivating name.

</doc>
<doc id="19733610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733610" title="Marc Ferland (figure skater)">
Marc Ferland (figure skater)

Marc Ferland is a retired Canadian figure skater. He is the 1984 World Junior silver medalist. Since his retirement in the 1980s, he has started a singing career. He sang the finale "This is the Moment" at the Figure Skating Exhibition Gala at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="19733615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733615" title="Guild of Blades">
Guild of Blades

The Guild of Blades Publishing Group produced their first video game in 1997 called Dark Realms, which continues to be popular today. The company has since expanded to revolutionary computer games like 1483 Online as well as many Role Playing Games, Board Games and The Guild of Blades "Empires of History" series of historical board games. The company's founders are Bruce P. Dowrie and Ryan O. Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="19733618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733618" title="Fort Hunter, Pennsylvania">
Fort Hunter, Pennsylvania

Fort Hunter is an unincorporated community in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the Harrisburg–Carlisle Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Six miles north of Harrisburg, on the south bank of Fishing Creek at its junction with the Susquehanna River, near Rockville, stood Fort Hunter, named after Robert Hunter, a pioneer white man who had previously settled there. Its erection was probably commenced by the settlers about October or November 1755, immediately after the massacre at Penns Creek, and completed by the Government troops when taking charge in January, 1756.
It was a block-house surrounded by a stockade, and had additional barracks on the outside for the recruits on their way to Fort Augusta. It was generally under the command of Captain McKee and Captain Patterson, of Colonel Clapham's Augusta Regiment, being the only defense in this list not directly under Colonel Weiser's command. He, nevertheless, had more or less to do with it. It occupied animportant position and was used until the termination of mall hostilities in 1764.

</doc>
<doc id="19733637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733637" title="Marc Ferland">
Marc Ferland

Marc Ferland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19733687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733687" title="Arsenic oxide">
Arsenic oxide

Arsenic oxide may refer to either of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19733692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733692" title="Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres

The women's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
15 crews entered in two heats on September 26. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining nine teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
Two repechages took place on September 26. The top three finishers from each repechage advanced directly to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each semifinal (raced on September 28) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on September 30. 

</doc>
<doc id="19733693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733693" title="Williford, Florida">
Williford, Florida

Williford is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located about northeast of Bell, and west of Craggs.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19733700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733700" title="Jardin botanique de l'Arquebuse">
Jardin botanique de l'Arquebuse

The Jardin botanique de l'Arquebuse (2 hectares) is a botanical garden and arboretum located at 1 Avenue Albert-Premier, Dijon, Côte-d'Or, Bourgogne, France. It is open daily without charge.
The garden is located within a larger park and garden (5 hectares) created on the former 16th-century training grounds for chevaliers of the arquebus. There, in the late 18th century, the chevaliers' last captain built an English garden on the site to designs by noted landscaper Jean-Marie Morel, which in 1803 became city property. In 1833 the plants from Dijon's first botanical garden, established 1771 by writer Bénigne Legouz de Gerland (1695–1774), were transferred to form today's botanical garden, which was named a Conservatoire Botanique Régional in 2002.
Today the garden contains nearly 4,000 plant species with an emphasis on the flora of Bourgogne. Its collections include a systematic collection (3,352 taxa), regional flora of Bourgogne (1,423 taxa), French native plants (789 species), and 1,140 species from the rest of the world, with specimens of ornamental plants, food plants, succulents, carnivorous plants, subtropical plants, and Mediterranean plants. It also contains an arboretum, a herbarium containing about 100,000 specimens, greenhouses, and a school of botany, as well as an extensive collection of Anatidae (wild ducks, geese, and swans).

</doc>
<doc id="19733705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733705" title="1978 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament">
1978 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament

The NCAA NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey Tournament involved in playing single-elimination play to determine the national champion of NCAA Division 1. The tournament began on March 18, 1978. The semifinals were on March 22 and March 23, 1979. The National Championship Game was on March 24, 1978. A total of 4 games were played in Providence Civic Center in Providence, Rhode Island. Boston University won their third national championship defeating Boston College 5-3.
Bracket.
"Consolation Game" Bowling Green 4, Wisconsin 3

</doc>
<doc id="19733717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733717" title="Flatlander (Niven)">
Flatlander (Niven)

Flatlander is a term used in Larry Niven's fictional universe of Known Space. It is also the title of two works in the Known Space canon.
In-universe term.
The in-universe term "flatlander" refers to any human born on Earth, in contrast to those who live on other planets or space habitats. The derogatory term was coined by Belters, whose space habitats are either enclosed, or located on large asteroids with visibly curving horizons. Whereas from any point on the surface of Earth the horizon looks "flat". 
Of the stable population of approximately eighteen billion people living on Earth from about the 23rd century onwards, very few wind up leaving the planet for any length of time. Many suffer from the so-called "flatland phobia," a chronic fear of leaving the confines of the environment in which humans evolved. Their reaction to changes in gravity, atmospheric composition, and sunlight hue can include nausea and continual panic attacks.
Those who do venture into space, of course, tend to take exception to the word, as they have left the planet with no ill effects, and even relish partaking of the same adventures and benefits of space travel that non-Earthbound humans enjoy. Gregory Pelton is one of these, goading Beowulf Shaeffer into calling him a "flatlander" even after having traveled to a number of planets in Known Space.
Flatlander (collection).
Flatlander (ISBN 0-345-39480-1) is a 1995 anthology by Niven, all stories set in Known Space. It is the definitive collection of all stories by Niven about ARM agent Gil Hamilton.
Flatlander (short story).
"Flatlander" is an English language science fiction short story written in 1967 by Larry Niven. It is the third in the series of "Known Space" stories featuring crashlander Beowulf Shaeffer.

</doc>
<doc id="19733719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733719" title="René Peters">
René Peters

René Peters (born 15 June 1981) is a Luxembourgian football player who currently plays for Jeunesse Esch. He is currently the captain of the national team.
Club career.
Peters was member of the professional squad of Belgian side Standard Liège in the 99/00 season but did not make the grade there and moved to French Ligue 2 outfit Créteil only to leave them after one season to stay with Swift Hesperange for 7 seasons.
In summer 2008 he joined Jeunesse.
International career.
Peters made his debut for Luxembourg in an April 2000 friendly match against Estonia and by February 2013 had earned 89 caps, scoring 4 goals. He played in 21 FIFA World Cup qualification matches.
He scored an international goal for the Luxembourg national football team on 11 October 2008 against Israel in the qualifying campaign for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
International goals.
[*] Note: Not a full FIFA international, and unofficial for Faroe Islands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19733734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733734" title="Gerhard Dörfler">
Gerhard Dörfler

Gerhard Dörfler (born 29 May 1955) is an Austrian politician, who served as Governor of Carinthia from 27 October 2008 (acting since 11 October), following Governor Jörg Haider's sudden death in a car accident, to 28 March 2013.
Dörfler is a member of the Freedom Party in Carinthia (FPK). By now, he serves in the Federal Council, where he represents his home state Carinthia.

</doc>
<doc id="19733735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733735" title="Riot Girl">
Riot Girl

Riot Girl is the debut studio album from J-pop star and voice actress Aya Hirano. It was released on 16 July 2008. It contains songs from her entire non-character song discography up until her 2008 single, "Unnamed World." It contains 7 all-new songs and the A-side songs from her first 7 singles (with the exception being the B-side of Unnamed World instead of the A-side). The album made its debut on the Oricon charts at number 6, selling approximately 23,000 units in its first week of sales. 

</doc>
<doc id="19733747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733747" title="The Prince's Shadow">
The Prince's Shadow

"The Prince's Shadow" is a Hong Kong television series first broadcast on TVB in March 2005.
Synopsis.
As a child Ko Sing (Adam Cheng) entered the Qing court to act as a whipping boy to the Qianlong Emperor (Marco Ngai) and continues to live at court as a hanger on. However unknown to all, the Qianlong Emperor is not the literate and able ruler of history but a foolish and incompetent one, only with the aid of Ko Sing is he able to protect his reputation and the reputation of the Qing court. Playing the role of a layabout with no official titles or duties, Ko Sing acts as a trouble shooter within the palace, allowing plotters and malcontents to underestimate him until it is too late.
Although Qianlong has a harem of thousands the Emperess (Joyce Tang) controls the harem, and arranges either consorts from her own clan or very ugly ones to serve the Emperor's bed. Finding the Emperess's arrangements not to his liking Qianlong becomese besotted with Yu-yee (Tavia Yeung) a newly arrived serving-girl in the palace, and demands that Ko Sing help bring her to him.
Unwilling to become the play thing of the Emperor, Yu-yee escapes from the palace but in doing so falls into the hands of slavers who sell her on to a brothel. Believing that Yu-yee has been stolen from the palace, along with other treasures, Qianlong sends Ko Sing in pursuit. Ko Sing finds that Yu-yee is in the possession of brothel madam So Sam (Sheren Tang), in order to free Yu-yee Ko Sing buys the brothel. However he is told by Yu-yee that she would rather be a prostitute at the brothel free to choose her own customers than to be the plaything of the Emperor.
In order to fund the purchase of the brothel, Ko sing creates an artwork attributed to the Emperor and which he sells (in fact all of the Emperor's previous calligraphy and artwork is the work of Ko Sing), this artwork finds its way back to the palace, and reveals to the Emperor where Ko Sing and Yu-yee are.
The Emperor arrives at the brothel in disguise and residing there is served by the other girls but not Yu-yee to the detriment of the affairs of state. When it is time to return to the palace, the Emperor is so enamoured with the brothel and its occupants that he has the brothel recreated in the grounds of the palace and So Sam, Yu-yee and the other girls taken captive.
Knowing that such an arrangement will damage the reputation of the Empire and the Emperor's ability to rule, the Emperess and Ko Sing plot to free the girls from the palace. They do this by presenting the girls formally to the Emperor as candidates to be Imperial consorts, given the Emperess's previous habit of offering extremely ugly candidates to him, the Emperor rejects the girls out of hand and, without inspecting them, orders them to be sent away.

</doc>
<doc id="19733813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733813" title="Togia Sioneholo">
Togia Sioneholo

Togia Likalika Sioneholo is a Niuean politician who was a Cabinet Minister of Toke Talagi's Government from June 2008 to May 2011 after being elected to the Niue Assembly in the June 2008 general election. He was minister for Community Affairs, Education, Justice, Shipping and Bulk Fuels. He was formerly Chief Electoral Officer.
Sioneholo is from the village of Mutalau but now residing in the village of Alofi South. He first graduated from the University of the South Pacific with a Bachelor of Arts in History and Politics. He is also a qualified lawyer graduated from the University of Tasmania and did post-graduated studies at the National University of Australia. Previously Togia was head of the Niue Justice Department. He is also the Secretary/Treasurer of the Ekalesia Niue Church in Mutalau.

</doc>
<doc id="19733814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733814" title="Manwan">
Manwan

Manwan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19733822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733822" title="Carried Away (George Strait song)">
Carried Away (George Strait song)

"Carried Away" is a song written by Steve Bogard and Jeff Stevens, and recorded by American country music artist George Strait. It was released in June 1996 as the second single from the album "Blue Clear Sky". In August of that year, it became Strait's 30th "Billboard" number-one single. The song was one of two George Strait songs (the other being "One Night at a Time") to be nominated as Single of the Year at the 1997 Country Music Association awards.
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, saying that the strongest thing about the single is Strait's "heartfelt delivery." She goes on to say that "the melody is pretty, but the lyric just seems a little cliched and unworthy of Strait's vocal gifts.
Chart positions.
"Carried Away" debuted at number 73 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of May 18, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19733827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733827" title="Elga Balk">
Elga Balk

Helga Balk is a South African pair skater. With partner Gavin MacPherson, she won the silver medal at the 1977 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, which were known as the "I.S.U. Junior Figure Skating Championships" at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19733830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733830" title="Michael R. Ash">
Michael R. Ash

Michael R. Ash (born 12 August 1961) is a Mormon scholar and apologist. 
Ash was born in Rockledge, Florida as the second son of an eventual four boys. He currently lives in Ogden, Utah. He and his wife Christine are the parents of three daughters and grandparents of four grandchildren.
FAIR work.
Ash is on the management team for the Foundation for Apologetic Information & Research (FAIR), an international, volunteer, non-profit organization that produces material defending the LDS faith and answers queries from members (and investigators) who have challenging questions about Mormonism. Ash has written dozens of articles for FAIR as well as his own website, MormonFortress.com.
Ash has also written articles for the Foundation for Ancient Research and Mormon Studies (FARMS), , and Sunstone Magazine.
In June 2008, FAIR published Ash's book entitled, "Shaken Faith Syndrome: Strengthening One's Testimony in Face of Criticism and Doubt" which has received mostly positive reviews.
In December 2008, Cedar Fort published Ash's book, "Of Faith and Reason: 80 Evidences Supporting the Prophet Joseph Smith".
Michael writes a weekly column about LDS issues for the Deseret News (and Church News) owned online publication, the Mormon Times.
On July 7, 2011, Ash admitted on Mormon web board "Mormon Discussions" that he was dismissed from his unpaid columnist position with "Mormon Times".

</doc>
<doc id="19733845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733845" title="Sébastien Ogier">
Sébastien Ogier

Sébastien Ogier (born 17 December 1983) is a French rally driver for Volkswagen in the World Rally Championship. He won the Junior World Rally Championship in 2008 and previously drove for the Citroën World Rally Team alongside Sébastien Loeb in 2011. His co-driver is compatriot Julien Ingrassia. With 13 victories in the World Rally Championship, he is the third successful French driver after Sébastien Loeb and Didier Auriol. He is considered to be the successor to Sébastien Loeb, who dominated the sport until his departure in 2013, and went on to become the 2013 WRC champion.
Life and career.
Ogier was born in Gap, Hautes-Alpes. He won the French Peugeot 206 Cup in 2007 and moved to compete a full Junior World Rally Championship programme in the 2008 season, driving a Super 1600 -class Citroën C2 for the Equipe de France FFSA team. Ogier debuted in the World Rally Championship at the 2008 Rally Mexico, winning the JWRC class. After home country's Ricardo Treviño was disqualified for using non-homologated driving gloves, Ogier became the first JWRC driver to take a WRC point and eighth place overall. Ogier went on to take further junior category victories in Jordan and Germany. 
At the penultimate round of the championship, the 2008 Rally Catalunya, Ogier was leading and about to secure the JWRC title when he hit a bank and broke his C2 S1600's radiator, forcing him to retire. Ogier then clinched the title by placing second at his home event, the Tour de Corse. After winning the JWRC title, Ogier was rewarded with his first World Rally Car drive in a Citroën C4 for Rally GB. He surprised the more experienced drivers by winning the first stage and taking a shock lead, but crashed out from eighth place on day two.
In January 2009, Ogier made a one-off appearance in the Intercontinental Rally Challenge, contesting the Monte Carlo Rally in a Peugeot 207 S2000. He took the lead when Škoda's Juho Hänninen picked up a puncture, and went on to win the event ahead of the 207s of Freddy Loix and Stéphane Sarrazin. For the 2009 WRC season, Ogier was signed by the debuting Citroën Junior Team, a satellite team of the Citroën Total works squad. He started his season with a career-best sixth place in Ireland and took his second points-finish with seventh in Argentina. At the Acropolis Rally, Ogier drove to his first podium place, finishing second to Ford's Mikko Hirvonen. This result also marked the first-ever podium for a non-works Citroën C4 WRC.
In the 2010 season, Ogier continued in the Citroën Junior Team with the 2007 Formula One world champion Kimi Räikkönen as his new teammate. Ogier took his second podium in Mexico, completing a Citroën 1–2–3 by finishing narrowly behind Sébastien Loeb and Petter Solberg. At the Rally New Zealand, he led from Ford's Jari-Matti Latvala by 6.2 seconds before the final stage, but spun three corners before the finish and lost the win to Latvala by 2.4 seconds. Ogier went on to take his debut WRC victory in the next event, the Rally de Portugal, by leading from stage four to the end and finishing 7.9 seconds ahead of Loeb. Citroën then promoted Ogier to the factory team for the remaining three gravel rounds of the series. Subsequently, Dani Sordo replaced Ogier in the manufacturer's junior team, and after 2010 went on to leave Citroen to join the Mini WRC Team.
Ogier was given a drive with Citroën's factory team for the full 2011 season and started off by finishing fourth in Sweden. He finished as the highest Citroën driver behind the Fords of Mikko Hirvonen, Mads Østberg and Jari-Matti Latvala, and became the first driver to win a Power Stage. After retiring in Mexico Ogier went on to win the next two rallies at Portugal and Jordan, with podiums at Argentina and Finland coming either side of a victory on the Acropolis Rally. Then, Ogier went on to claim victory in Germany. This was Ogier's maiden tarmac success in the WRC and the first time that his team mate Sébastien Loeb had been beaten in Germany.
Following a season in which relations between the two drivers deteriorated significantly, Ogier departed Citroën at the end of the 2011 campaign. He subsequently signed up to spearhead Volkswagen's WRC assault and contested the 2012 championship in a Škoda Fabia S2000 whilst developing the new Polo R WRC, before competing in the Polo R full-time in 2013. In December 2011, Ogier debuted in the Race of Champions at the Esprit Arena in Düsseldorf, Germany. He took the top step of the podium in the finals against Tom Kristensen, winning both heats and becoming the fourth Frenchman to win the title Champions of Champions.
In the 2013 season, Ogier became the second non-Nordic driver to win the Rally Sweden, after Loeb's victory in 2004. His win in Sweden was also the maiden win for the Polo R WRC.
In April 2013 Ogier won the Rally of Portugal, extending his lead at the top of the world championship standings. He won the 2013 championship in the first stage of Rally France because Dani Sordo won the Power Stage, which gave Sordo 3 bonus points. With 2 rallies remaining meaning, second place Thierry Neuville cannot catch Ogier even with rally wins.
Racing record.
Complete Porsche Supercup results.
† – As Ogier was a guest driver, he was ineligible to score points.

</doc>
<doc id="19733848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733848" title="Francis Mellersh (RAF officer)">
Francis Mellersh (RAF officer)

Air Vice Marshal Sir Francis John Williamson Mellersh KBE, AFC, RAF (22 September 1898 – 25 May 1955) was a World War I pilot in the Royal Naval Air Service credited with five aerial victories, and a senior Royal Air Force commander during World War II. He was killed in a bizarre helicopter accident in 1955.
World War I service.
Mellersh joined the Royal Naval Air Service in 1916. He trained as a fighter pilot and was posted to 9 Naval Squadron in 1917. While flying a Sopwith Triplane on 28 July 1917, he drove down an Aviatik C. He switched to flying a Sopwith Camel and scored victories 15 October 1917 and 12 April 1918; the latter win was shared with squadron-mate Roy Brown. On 21 April 1918, Mellersh was a flight commander involved in the dogfight that brought down the Red Baron, Manfred von Richthofen; Mellersh claimed a Fokker Dr.I triplane destroyed on that date. His last victory came two days later.
Death.
Mellersh debarked from a helicopter onto a quay on 25 May 1955; he had been invited to cruise on a yacht belonging to the Itchenor Yacht Club. As the helicopter departed, one of its rotors hit the mast of a yacht. As the copter crashed, the main rotor killed Mellersh.

</doc>
<doc id="19733860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733860" title="TMC8">
TMC8

Transmembrane channel-like 8 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the TMC8 gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is an integral membrane protein that localize to the endoplasmic reticulum and is predicted to form transmembrane channels. This gene encodes a transmembrane channel-like protein with 8 predicted transmembrane domains and 3 leucine zipper motifs.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in the TMC8 gene are associated with epidermodysplasia verruciformis (EV), an autosomal recessive dermatosis characterized by abnormal susceptibility to human papillomaviruses (HPVs) and a high rate of progression to squamous cell carcinoma on sun-exposed skin.

</doc>
<doc id="19733869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733869" title="Gavin MacPherson">
Gavin MacPherson

Gavin MacPherson is a South African pair skater. With partner Elga Balk, he won the silver medal at the 1977 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, which were known as the "I.S.U. Junior Figure Skating Championships" at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19733885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733885" title="Alexandria National Museum">
Alexandria National Museum

The Alexandria National Museum (ANM) in Egypt was inaugurated the 31 December 2003 by Hosni Mubarak and it's located in a restored Italian style palace in Tariq Al-Horreya Street (former Rue Fouad). The building used to be home to the United States consulate.
History.
The museum is located in a former Italianate mansion. It's the former home of a wood sales person. It used to house the United States consulate.
Collection.
It contains about 1,800 artifacts that narrate the story of Alexandria and Egypt. Most of these pieces came from other Egyptian museums. The museum mainly focuses on three collections: Ancient Egyptian, Coptic, and the Muslim world. The museum also includes works from the Hellenistic period, including pieces from Heraklion and Canopus. Objects include canopic jars, Mashrabiya, and pieces from the rule of Nectanebo II. The city of Alexandria is also included in the collection, including objects from the 20th century. Objects include pieces from Caracalla's rule, figures of Medusa, Islamic clothing, a bust of Briniky, and pieces of ancient ruins. The museum recently exhibited a sculpture which is believed to be of Alexander the Great. 
The museum also has a collection of jewelry, weapons, statuary, coins, and glassware.

</doc>
<doc id="19733932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733932" title="Firmin Monestime">
Firmin Monestime

Saint-Firmin (S. F.) Monestime (December 16, 1909 – October 27, 1977) was a Haitian-Canadian politician and medical doctor, who was the first Black Canadian ever elected mayor of a Canadian municipality.
Born in Port-au-Prince in 1909, Monestime studied rural medicine and wrote three books on the subject. In 1937, he was one of the only doctors on duty during the Parsley Massacre, and was subsequently awarded the Haitian Legion of Merit for his work during that crisis.
He moved to Quebec City in the 1940s. After upgrading his medical training he planned a move to Timmins, Ontario to set up a medical practice, but when he stopped in Mattawa en route, he was convinced by a restaurant owner to stay in that town and set up practice there instead. He married Zena Petschersky, an immigrant from Danzig, whom he met in Ottawa in 1953.
Monestime practiced medicine in Mattawa until 1964, when he was elected the town's mayor. Except for one year that he took off for personal reasons, he remained the town's mayor until his death. Monestime was very active with the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada, and served as its national director. He considered running federally for the party, and in 1971 he ran and lost in a bid for the presidency of the party. A Red Tory, Monestime was attracted to the party because of Prime Minister John Diefenbaker's Bill of Rights.
On February 29, 1976, Monestime's 21-year-old son, Fedia, was shot and killed outside the Trans-Canada Hotel in Mattawa. He was in a group chasing a man who had fired his rifle into the wall after a bar fight, when the man fired on them, also injuring three others. Ralph Childerhose was charged with murder and acquitted, a decision Monestime considered unjust.
Monestime and his wife established a nursing home in Mattawa in 1975. His daughter Vala Monestime Belter continues to run the home today, and has served on the boards of Ontario Northland and TVOntario.

</doc>
<doc id="19733946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733946" title="Creigiau railway station">
Creigiau railway station

Creigiau railway station was a former railway station in Creigiau in south Wales. It was on the Barry Railway between Efail Isaf and Wenvoe, which ran broadly north-south through Creigiau. To the east of the station, a second former line headed north-west towards Llantrisant, and also south-east towards Cardiff. There was no connection between these lines, the Barry Railway line passing over the former Llantrisant and Taff Vale Junction Railway's and later Taff Vale Railway's Waterhall branch to the north of the station. During the Second World War, the station was used to transfer American military to the nearby hospital at Rhydlafar. The Railway closed in 1962. 
Both platforms remain, albeit rather overgrown. The site of the station buildings and yard is now used by a coach operator. There are rumours about the line re-opening between Cardiff and Creigiau, and another rumour around the village says it will be paved over into a levelled-out concrete cycle and walking path to Cardiff. The final say lies with the Welsh assembly government.

</doc>
<doc id="19733974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733974" title="1985 South Australian Open – Singles">
1985 South Australian Open – Singles

Peter Doohan was the defending champion.
Eddie Edwards won the title, defeating Doohan 6–2, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19733977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733977" title="Ferrante II Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla">
Ferrante II Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla

Ferrante II Gonzaga (1563 – 5 August 1630) was Count of Guastalla and, from 1621, Duke of Guastalla.
He was the son of Cesare I Gonzaga, Count of Guastalla and Duke of Amalfi, and Camilla Borromeo. He succeeded his father in 1575. On 2 July 1621, the County of Guastalla was elevated to a Duchy and Ferrante was subsequently deemed a Duke.
Ferrante played a part in the War of the Mantuan Succession when, as a distant Gonzaga cousin, he claimed the Duchy of Mantua after the extinction of the direct male line of the House of Gonzaga in December 1627. He was nominally supported by Habsburg Emperor Ferdinand II, who really sought to re-attach the Duchy of Mantua to the Holy Roman Empire. His attempt failed as the French candidate Charles of Nevers became the new Duke.
Issue.
Ferrante II married Vittoria Doria (1569–1618), daughter of Giovanni Andrea Doria, and had 3 children :

</doc>
<doc id="19733978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19733978" title="Airtel digital TV">
Airtel digital TV

Airtel digital TV is an Indian direct-broadcast satellite service provider owned and operated by Bharti Airtel. Its satellite service, launched in 2008, transmits digital satellite television and audio to households in India. It uses MPEG-4 digital compression with DVB-S2 technology, transmitting using the satellite SES-7 108.2°E.
As of 31 December 2013, Airtel digital TV has total 394 Channels and Services including 19 HD channels.
Its primary competitors are Dish TV, Tata Sky, Videocon d2h and cable television providers. It has a total subscriber base of 8.8 million as of 31 December 2013.
Áirtel Digital TV Recorder.
A premium DVR Digital Video Recorder allows 150 hours of recording live TV on a 160 GB hard disk with MPEG 4 picture clarity. This product was discontinued after the launch of Recorder.
Airtel Digital TV.
Airtel Digital TV HD provides channels in their native resolution of 1080i or 720p with 16:9 aspect ratio. The STB is compatible with 7.1 Channel Dolby Digital Plus surround sound as well and is in fact the first HD STB in India to be compliant with Dolby digital Plus.
Airtel Digital TV HD+ is a recorder that records content on an external USB drive/hard disk drive. It is different from the Digital TV recorder that records content on an in-built hard disk drive. HD+ offers potentially unlimited recording, as the capacity depends on that of the external hard disk drive/ USB drive. However, it only has a single tuner and hence only a single channel can be watched and recorded at the same time. This is in contrast to the [HD recorder that enables one to watch and record two different channels at a time and to also supports simultaneous multiple channels recording.
Airtel Digital TV Recorder.
On 4 May 2010, Airtel digital TV from bharti airtel announced the launch of its 3D ready High Definition Personal Video Recorder (HD Recorder). Retaining its pioneering Remote Recording feature, airtel digital TV's HD Recorder offers unique features of Automatic Favourites, Search and Genre and Category sort and is 3D ready.
On 24 May 2011, Airtel announced that its digital TV HD and HD-DVR boxes are software-enabled to view standard definition (SD) content upscaled to 1080i HD.
Technical information.
Airtel Digital TV's standard definition broadcasts are in MPEG-4 with Interactive Service (ITV) and 7-day EPG (electronic programme guide). Interactive Service (ITV) of Airtel Digital TV includes an add-on service that allows a user to shop, book movie tickets etc. A universal remote is included in the package that can, over IR frequencies, control both the TV and the DTH box. Like other DTH service providers, it also provides a pay per view interactive service that includes a catalogue of movies in Hindi, English and regional languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19734109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734109" title="Floyd Paxton">
Floyd Paxton

Floyd G. Paxton (March 7, 1918 – December 10, 1975) was the inventor of the bread clip, a notched plastic tag used for sealing bags of bread worldwide. It is manufactured by the Kwik Lok Corporation, founded by Paxton.
Bread clip.
Floyd Paxton was known for telling the story about how he came up with the idea of the bread clip. As he told it, he was flying home on an airliner in 1952 and opened a bag of peanuts, whereupon he realized he had no way to reseal the bag. He rummaged through his wallet and found an expired credit card and hand-carved his first bag clip with his small pen knife.
When a fruit packer, Pacific Fruit, wanted a to replace rubber bands with a better bag closure for it new plastic bags, Paxton remembered his bag of peanuts. He hand-whittled another clip from a small sheet of Plexiglas. With an order in hand for a million clips, Paxton designed a die-cut machine to produce the clips at high speed. 
Despite repeated attempts, Paxton never won a United States patent for his clips. He did win numerous patents for the high-speed "bag closing apparatus" that made the clips, inserted bread into bags and applied the clips for the finished product.
Other pursuits.
Paxton was best known in the state of Washington for his very conservative political views. During the 1960s he was national president of the John Birch Society. He made four unsuccessful runs for Congress. He founded a conservative newspaper, The "Yakima Eagle", which did not attract a subscriber base and soon folded. Paxton and his wife, Grace, had a running battle with the Internal Revenue Service over a family trust set up to avoid taxation, resulting in years of litigation and appeals with the IRS—with the Paxtons ultimately losing.

</doc>
<doc id="19734152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734152" title="Anita Andreassen">
Anita Andreassen

Anita Andreassen Hedmann is a Norwegian mushing competitor, and she has also competed in cycling and in cross country skiing. She is three times world champion in mushing.
Mushing.
She received a bronze medal at the 1991 world championship, and gold medals in 1992, 1993 and 1994. She is three times European champion (2 individual, 1 relay), and several times National champion in mushing.
Other sports.
Andreassen was national champion in cycling in 1979. She was a member of the national team from 1977 to 1980, and has represented Norway in the world championships.
She has also competed successfully in cross country skiing.
Awards.
Andreassen was awarded Egebergs Ærespris in 1996.
She received "Troms idrettskrets"'s medal of honor in 1982, and again "with star" in 2004, for her later achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="19734175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734175" title="Pat Spirito">
Pat Spirito

Pasquale Spirito a.k.a. ""Pat the Cat"" (May 26, 1939 – April 29, 1983) was a soldato and hitman of the Bruno crime family in Philadelphia from 1981 until his death on April 29, 1983.
Career.
Little is known about Spirito's early life. As a front for his illegal activities he gave people the impression that he was a plumber or a hardware store owner. He came from the Italian community of Chambersburg, New Jersey which is now part of Trenton, New Jersey. At one time, Spirito, who was involved in loansharking and bookmaking, was considered a close associate of both Harry Riccobene and of Riccobene's half-brother, Mario. He worked in the Scarfo crime family during the 1980s, during Nicodemo Scarfo's reign. Pasquale (Pat the Cat) Spirito was an associate of made man Joseph (Joey Chang) Ciangalini who introduced Spirito into the life of organized crime. Pat earned the nickname amongst his fellow associates as 'The Cat' because of con artist charm and demeanour. He was an associate until he was the getaway driver in the murder of John Calabrese, a long-time drug dealer who served under Angelo Bruno and then became a 'made man' under Phil Testa with Francis (Faffy) Iannarella and Andrew Thomas DelGiorno at a secret induction ceremony at the home of mob associate Robert (Toro) Locicero in Vineland, New Jersey. He was married but was a constant womanizer. John Calabrese was murdered on October 6, 1981 in Southwest Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Pat recruited Nicholas Caramandi, Charles Iannece, and Ralph Staino Jr. as his associates, eventually elevating them all to 'proposed members' to Nicholas Scarfo. Nicholas Caramandi said, "He was greedy and ambitious, attributes that (Nicholas) Scarfo could appreciate, but he lacked the killer instinct… Spirito was a moneymaker but he was also a whiner and complainer." He used to hang out at a bar, Paco's in Pennsport, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Nick Caramandi would later say, "If he had problems with his wife (he would send Charles Iannece or Nick Caramandi) to talk to his wife. Then we had to stay with him from eleven o'clock in the morning til one or two the next morning. Then he used to call you on the phone and have you one the phone for two or three hours."
Being inducted into the family.
On June 8, 1980 Phil Testa held a Cosa Nostra initiation ceremony at the South Philadelphia home of mob captain John Cappello. At the ceremony, Phil inducted Scarfo's nephew Phil Leonetti, Salvatore (Chuckie) Merlino, Robert (Bobby) Lumio, Anthony (Blonde Babe) Pungitore Sr., the father of future Scarfo soldiers Michael and Anthony, Salvatore (Wayne) Grande, Frank (Little Frankie) Narducci Jr., Anthony (Tony) Casella, the brother of drug trafficker Peter Casella and Phil's only son, Salvatore. In January 1982, at the same induction ceremony of Tommy DelGiorno, Francis Ianarella, Pasquale Spirito, Felix (Little Felix) Bocchino, Joseph (Joey Pung) Pungitore, Eugene (Gino) Milano, Albert (Reds) Pontani, Michael (Micky) Ricciardi, Gerald (Jerry) Fusella, Joseph Sodano and Happy Bellina, and Phil's son Salvatore Testa.
Murder of Dominick DeVito.
He was also a suspect of murdering Dominick (Mickey Diamond) DeVito along with Alphonse 'Funzi' Marconi and Guerino 'Mark' Marconi. DeVito was found on February 25, 1982 in the trunk of his own car parked at Ninth and Bainbridge streets in Washington Square West, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was murdered for making unwanted advances towards a niece of the Marconi brothers. Before his body was discovered, Pat and Charles Iannece told Nicholas Caramandi who was having problems with DeVito, "Your fucking problems are over. This guy's fucking dead. They didn't find his body yet." Following the murder of Dominick DeVito, Nicholas and his associates joined Pat's crew.
Attempted Riccobene mob hit.
Spirito was almost shotgunned to death in his Cadillac while driving down the street by Harry Riccobene loyalists. This was shortly before the attempted mob hit of Scarfo crime family capo Salvatore Testa in April 1982. The attempted murder of Spirito was in retaliation for murdering 35-year-old Samuel (Little Sammy) Tammburino, murdered by Charles Iannece and Francis Ianarella as he left a pharmacy-convenience store in South Philadelphia that was owned and operated by Tammburino's parents shooting him sixteen times.
Criminal operations.
In 1982 set up his criminal headquarters in the 1800 block of Bancroft Street in Point Breeze, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and was overseeing a lucrative extortion and gambling operation that was bringing in an estimated a million a year, but he had attracted the attention of many law enforcement agencies and they had planted several hidden listening devices in his clubhouse. This forced him to move from the Bancroft Street location to the corner of Camac and Moore Street, just off of East Passyunk Avenue in Queen Village, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania where a friend of Nicholas Caramandi had rented an old plumbing supply store. In 1982 he was convicted on charges under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act and sentenced to eight years in prison, but like Joseph (Joey Chang) Ciangalini, Harry Riccobene and a few others, he was free pending an appeal. Then in September, he was jailed for contempt after a convicted arsonist connected him with a corrupt attorney in plans to rig a court case. He was subpoenaed by a grand jury investigating the lawyer and spent about two weeks in jail for refusing to testify. Pat was a frequent patron of Marra's restaurant of Passyunk Avenue where he would spend most of his time drinking. He drove a 1978 two-door grey Cadillac. He was shot three times in the head by Nicholas Caramandi as he sat in his Cadillac on the northeast corner of 11th and Mifflin streets in East Passyunk Crossing, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Relationship with Frank Narducci Sr..
Pasquale was a close associate of Frank Narducci Sr. On January 7, 1981, 50-year-old South Philadelphia resident Francis "Chickie" Narducci Sr., a long-time capo under the tutelage of Angelo Bruno was murdered by his adopted son and namesake Frank Narducci Junior who was adopted by Narducci Sr. when he was just a year old with his wife Arlin, and younger biological son Philip. Fellow mobsters Joseph (Joey Pung) Pungitore, and Joseph (Joey) Grande were assigned as 'blockers', with Charles 'Charlie White' Iannucce, Salvatore Testa and Eugene 'Gino' Milano as the shooters, and Nicholas (The Crow) Caramandi as the getaway driver. Narducci Sr. was shot ten times point bank in the face, neck and chest outside their South Philadelphia home. Former Narducci associate and made man turned stool pigeon Nicholas Caramandi said, "You never know what he might have told Chick (Frank Narducci Sr.) One day he'd complain about me; one day he'd complain about Charlie (Charles Ianecce). He was goofy, like I tell Charlie something's up here". Spirito became angry at the young Salvatore Testa telling Nicholas Caramandi, "I'll pull his other arm off. I'll cripple him with his other arm", commenting on the attempted mob shooting at Philadelphia's Italian Market that nearly severed Testa's arm. Spirito fell out of favor with Scarfo very early on after he became boss of the crime family. Spirito was known to be a reluctant hitman, possibly failing to fulfill murder-for-hire contracts or outright declining them. Nicodemo Scarfo was not satisfied with his services. He was also accused of stealing from the extortion protection money of drug dealers and unconnected loan sharks in the South Philadelphia neighbourhoods.
Speculation and conflicts.
It is speculated that Spirito was killed because he was being a nuisance to the family, he lacked ambition and willingness to perform hits under the orders of Nicodemo Scarfo, or Scarfo thought he was useless to the organization and that his prominence in the family had to be put to an end like most of Scarfo's former associates and wiseguys. Spirito had recently switched allegiance, aligning himself with Scarfo. It is believed that Spirito had been chosen to kill either Marco or Bobby Riccobene and that when he failed to do so he was targeted for death. Furthermore, Phil Leonetti stated in the book Mafia Prince that Scarfo was infuriated when Spirito told Scarfo who should be made captains and soldiers in the family. Scarfo felt insulted that an underling was telling him how to run the Philidephia Mafia, and thus wanted to have him killed.
Downfall and death.
Mob boss Nicodemo Scarfo was starting to begin a violent genocide of his associates and every member of the family. An estimated total of 30 outsiders and made men were dead by the end of his reign, largely due to the Scarfo-Riccobene War and his own paranoia of disloyal and dishonest people. Scarfo ordered him to take out Bobby Riccobene. Spirito was reluctant, and Scarfo sent Nicholas Caramandi and Charles Iannece Jr. to kill him.
On April 29, 1983, Pasquale Spirito was shot two times in the back of the head while sitting in his car in South Philadelphia. Spirito was killed for failing to carry out the contract to kill Robert Riccobene, the brother of Harry Riccobene. Nick Caramandi, during an interview commented,"We tried for months to kill him, and for a while that's all we used to talk about. We used to get sick when we'd see him. We'd want to throw up. Pat had bad vibes and knew what was coming. This guy tried to work my head for hours the day before. He had me in a booth in a luncheonette drinking coffee for four hours, making me tell him how much I love him, and it's already set up to kill him the next night. I said, "Pat, what are you talking like this for? I'd do anything for you. Hey! I wouldn't be here if it weren't for you. Buddy, my life is yours. Jesus Christ, I love you." He was relieved.
Caramandi also said:
"Spirito was not cut out for the Scarfo mob. He had come out of Trenton and moved to South Philadelphia at a time when mob members were low-key operators concentrating on gambling, loan-sharking, and bookmaking. He was greedy and ambitious, attributes that Scarfo could appreciate, but he lacked the killer instinct. He thought he could slide by generating enough money to keep the Little Guy down the shore satisfied. But he underestimated Scarfo's bloodlust. Spirito was a money-maker, but he was also a whiner and complainer." After we killed him, "everybody was happy. Everybody hated him. I never seen a guy hated so much."

</doc>
<doc id="19734186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734186" title="Friendlier Up Here">
Friendlier Up Here

Friendlier Up Here is the debut studio album by the Irish mod/pop rock quartet, The Aftermath. It was released on 25 April 2008.
The album featured three singles which had previously entered the Irish Singles Chart, all inside the Top 20; "One is Fun/Are You Not?" spent two weeks in the chart and peaked at #11, "Hollywood Remake/Need" also spent two weeks in the chart and peaked at #19 whilst latest single "All I Want is For You to Be Happy" spent a week in the chart at #13. The lead single was the album's opener "Are You Not Wanting Me Yet?".
The title comes from a lyric in the song "Northern Lingerie", which was later released as a single. It refers to what band member Johnny Cronin called "a safer zone for your listening pleasure" and is "a big LSD reference too" in homage to Echo & the Bunnymen.
Track listing.
All songs written by The Aftermath.

</doc>
<doc id="19734190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734190" title="Pierre-Joseph Thoulier d'Olivet">
Pierre-Joseph Thoulier d'Olivet

Pierre-Joseph Thoulier d'Olivet, Abbot of Olivet (1 April 1682, Salins-les-Bains – 8 October 1768, Paris) was a French abbot, writer, grammarian and translator. He was elected the fourth occupant of Académie française seat 31.

</doc>
<doc id="19734192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734192" title="Fraser Forster">
Fraser Forster

Fraser Gerard Forster (born 17 March 1988) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Scottish Premiership club Celtic.
He started his career with Newcastle United and had brief loan spells with Stockport County and Bristol Rovers. He then spent a successful season on loan at Norwich City, helping the club win the League One title and promotion to the Championship. Forster then joined Celtic on loan for the 2010–11 season, and helped them win the Scottish Cup. He spent a further season on loan there, winning the Scottish Premier League before becoming a permanent squad member in 2012 in a £2 million transfer. Forster has won many plaudits for his performances at Celtic and holds the Scottish Premier League record of 1,256 minutes without conceeding a goal.
Forster was selected for several England squads during 2012 and 2013 before finally making his first international appearance in November 2013.
Early life.
Forster was born in Hexham and attended the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle, but did not begin playing as a goalkeeper until he was 13 years old. Before then he had mainly played either rugby union or cricket. Forster played for the renowned Wallsend Boys Club, but coaches questioned whether he would be tall enough to become a goalkeeper. He started growing significantly at 15 years old and later signed with Newcastle United.
Club career.
Newcastle United.
Forster earned his first professional contract with Newcastle United, signing for their Academy in 2005. Forster was Newcastle's third choice goalkeeper in the 2007–08 season while Tim Krul was on loan at Falkirk, and played regularly in the reserves. However in the six years he was signed to the club, Fraser never made a first-team appearance for Newcastle, mainly due to the fact that he spent most of his time on loan to other clubs, often lasting entire seasons.
Loan to Stockport County.
With Krul back for the 2008–09 season and Given back to full fitness, it was the turn of Forster to go on loan. He was loaned out to Stockport County on 2 October 2008, to deputise for regular goalkeeper Owain Fôn Williams while he was away on international duty with Wales. Forster started his first game for Stockport on 7 October in the Football League Trophy second round, where they lost 1–0 away to Bury. He started his first league game for Stockport on 11 October, where his team drew 1–1 away to Southend United. He returned to Newcastle on 1 November, after completing his loan stint at Stockport playing six league games and keeping three clean sheets.
Loan to Bristol Rovers.
Forster, having been on the bench for Newcastle on over 30 occasions in the Premier League and UEFA Cup, needed regular playing experience and subsequently signed a month-loan deal with Bristol Rovers on 31 July 2009. He kept two clean sheets in the four league games he played for them. Bristol Rovers asked to extend the loan but Norwich City made a counter offer which was accepted by Newcastle. Manager Paul Trollope was disappointed and commented that the team wanted Forster between the sticks. He stated "Fraser has a great career ahead of him".
Loan to Norwich City.
Norwich City manager Paul Lambert was keen to sign Forster who he had seen play for both Stockport and Bristol Rovers. Forster then signed for Norwich City in a one month loan deal, and was given the 21 jersey. It was then extended to the end of January 2010 after making an impressive debut against Hartlepool in the 2-0 victory at Victoria Park. Forster received a red card on 26 September 2009 against Gillingham for bringing Curtis Weston down in the penalty area, however this was considered to be a controversial decision. He made a blunder in a 2-1 defeat against Leeds United on 19 October, with a 90th minute goal kick going straight to Jermaine Beckford who scored.
On 20 November 2009, Norwich City announced that they had agreed a deal with Newcastle United to extend Forster's loan until the end of the 2009–10 season, after impressing the Norwich faithful with his displays, helping the team shoot up the League One table. He was also allowed to play in Norwich City's cup games. Norwich City manager, Paul Lambert praised world class saves and a terrific contribution to the team.
In November 2009, Forster was awarded Norwich City Player of the Month. On 17 April 2010, Norwich secured promotion to the Championship with a hard-fought 1-0 win over Charlton, with Forster pulling off excellent saves to deny Nicky Bailey and Deon Burton. A week later Norwich's 2-0 win over Gillingham saw them win the League One title. In recognition of his contribution to Norwich's success, Forster was named the club's Players' Player of the Year 2010 and second in the Supporters' Player of the Year award. A fantastic season at Norwich was completed by his award of the Macron Golden Gloves Award for the best record of clean sheets in the league, keeping 18 clean sheets in 38 league appearances and 20 clean sheets in 42 appearances in all competitions.
Celtic.
On 24 August 2010, Forster joined Celtic, originally on a season-long loan from Newcastle. Celtic manager Neil Lennon described Forster by saying, "He's a big boy, he's come highly recommended, his age is the only thing going against him because otherwise he's all the qualities you look for." He made his Celtic debut on 29 August 2010 away at Motherwell and kept a clean sheet as Celtic won 1–0. He then went on to play in every match of Celtic's season with the exception of two cup matches.
Forster had a successful season with Celtic, winning a runner-up medal in the League Cup and Scottish Premier League. Between them, Forster and fellow goalkeeper Łukasz Załuska kept 23 clean sheets in the league, breaking Celtic's previous clean sheet record from the 2001–02 season. Forster kept 21 of the clean sheets. He capped off his season with a 3–0 victory over Motherwell to help Celtic win the Scottish Cup. In total, he kept 24 clean sheets in 44 matches for Celtic.
After appearing for Newcastle in pre-season against Darlington, Orlando City, Leeds United and Fiorentina, as well as being named among the substitutes for the opening game of the Premier League season against Arsenal, Forster rejoined Celtic, on loan for the remainder of the season, on 17 August 2011. He helped Celtic draw 0–0 against FC Sion at home, but then lost 3–1 in the away leg, only for UEFA to reinstate Celtic into the Europa League with 3–0 wins in both legs after Sion were found to be fielding ineligible players, thus allowing Forster to keep his only clean sheets in Europe for the season, as he conceded in all the five group games he played in.
Forster had a successful 2011-12 season with Celtic, winning the Scottish Premier League and helping his team beat the previous season's record of 23 clean sheets. He and Zaluska kept 25 clean sheets combined, Forster racking up 21 of them. In December 2011, Hearts were awarded a controversial penalty in the final minute of a league match at Parkhead, with Celtic leading 1–0. Forster, however, pulled off an excellent save from Eggert Jonsson's penalty kick to secure three important points for Celtic. In total, he kept 26 clean sheets from 47 games that season.
On 30 June 2012, it was announced that Forster had signed for Celtic on a permanent deal for a fee in the region of £2 million.
On 7 November 2012, Forster produced a resolute performance against Barcelona in the UEFA Champions League group stages, helping Celtic record a historic 2–1 win during the week of the club's 125th anniversary. Due to the calibre of his performance, the Spanish media nicknamed Forster "La Gran Muralla" (The Great Wall). Forster continued to impress in domestic games as well. In January 2013, Motherwell were awarded a soft penalty against Celtic. Bizarrely, referee Steven McLean allowed Tom Hateley to take the penalty kick from "in front" of the penalty spot. Forster was yellow carded for his protests to McLean, but the goalkeeper went on to produce an excellent one-handed save high to his right. The following month in a league match against Dundee, Forster tipped over a powerful Gary Harkins dipping shot at full-stretch. This save was voted the SPL Save of the Season in May 2013. Forster went to win a second league title with Celtic that season, and completed a league and cup double on 26 May 2013 with a 3–0 win over Hibernian in the Scottish Cup Final.
Celtic again qualified for the UEFA Champions League for season 2013-14, and again played against Barcelona at Parkhead on 1 October 2013, losing 1–0. Despite the defeat, Forster again impressed with several excellent saves, in particular an outstanding double save near the end of the match. Forster also pulled off a crucial save during a 2–1 win on 22 October 2013 over Ajax at Parkhead, saving from Thulani Serero who seemed to be clean through on goal.
Forster's impressive performances for Celtic in the Champions League and involvement with the England international squad led to media reports in October and November 2013 that several clubs, including Manchester United and Manchester City, were considering to make a bid for the goalkeeper. In response to the press speculation, Celtic manager Neil Lennon commented "It's going to be impossible to keep Fraser, the way he’s playing", adding "Inevitably, I think a huge club will come in and make a huge bid for him."
On 2 February 2014 Forster set a new a club-record of 11 league clean sheets in a row, surpassing a record of 10 clean sheets set by Charlie Shaw in the 1921-22 season. Forster's achievement was noted abroad, with the Spanish daily sports newspaper "Marca" awarding him their weekly 'El Óscar' accolade to someone in football who has made an outstanding contribution in some way to their team. On 22 February 2014, Forster broke Bobby Clark's Scottish League record of 1155 minutes without conceding a goal in a league match. Celtic won 2–0 away at Hearts, and Forster racked up his 13th consecutive clean sheet in the league. 
Forster's clean sheet run finally ended on 1,256 minutes against Aberdeen on 25 February 2014, with Jonny Hayes beating Forster with an impressive 30 yard shot to open the scoring in a 2–1 win for "The Dons".
International career.
On 4 October 2012, Roy Hodgson included Forster in his England squad for the 2014 World Cup qualifiers against San Marino and Poland. On 8 November 2012, Forster was then named in Hodgson's England squad for their upcoming friendly against Sweden. On 14 March 2013, Roy Hodgson again included Forster in his England squad, this time for the 2014 World Cup qualifiers against San Marino and Montenegro. On 27 August 2013, Forster earned his fourth inclusion to the England squad ahead of the World Cup qualifiers with Moldova and Ukraine, joining Joe Hart and John Ruddy in competition for the goalkeeper's position.
Forster won his first cap for England on 15 November 2013 in a friendly match against Chile at Wembley Stadium. England lost 2–0 but Forster was "blameless" for both goals, making a "fine diving save" to deny Chile a third. This appearance against Chile saw Forster become only the second Celtic player ever to play for England whilst playing his club football for the Glasgow club.
Honours.
Club.
Norwich City
Celtic

</doc>
<doc id="19734209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734209" title="SLC30A1">
SLC30A1

Solute carrier family 30 (zinc transporter), member 1 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the SLC30A1 gene.
Function.
SLC30A1 modulates zinc permeation through the L-type calcium channel. SLC30A1 downregulates not only Zn++ influx, but also Ca++ influx, thereby protecting cells from the effects of excessive cation permeation.

</doc>
<doc id="19734235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734235" title="Mildred L. Batchelder Award">
Mildred L. Batchelder Award

The Mildred L. Batchelder Award, or Batchelder Award, is an American Library Association literary award that annually recognizes the year's "most outstanding" children's book translated into English and published in the U.S.
It is administered by the Association for Library Service to Children (ALSC), the children's division of ALA, and conferred upon the U.S. publisher.
The award is named in honor of Mildred L. Batchelder, former director of the ALSC. One of her stated goals was ""to eliminate barriers to understanding between people of different cultures, races, nations, and languages"."
The Mildred L. Batchelder Award is unusual in that it is given to a publisher yet it explicitly references a given work, its translator and author. It seeks to recognize translations of children's books into the English language, with the intention of encouraging American publishers to translate high quality foreign language children's books and ""promote communication between the people of the world"".
The Batchelder Award was inaugurated in 1968 and there have been 44 winners in 45 years through 2012.
From 1994 there have been 31 worthy runners up called Honor Books, one to three each year.
The 2012 winner is Eerdmans Books for Young Readers, an imprint of Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co., for "Soldier Bear", translated by Laura Watkinson. The Dutch original "Soldaat Wojtek" (2008) was written by Bibi Dumon Tak, illustrated by Philip Hopman. It was announced January 23, 2012.
Mildred L. Batchelder.
Batchelder began her career working in an Omaha, Nebraska Public Library, then as a children's librarian at St. Cloud State Teachers College, and subsequently as librarian of Haven Elementary School in Evanston, Illinois. She eventually joined the ranks of the American Library Association in 1936 spending the next 30 years at the ALA promoting the translation of children's literature.
Criteria.
Source: "Batchelder Award terms and criteria"
Recipients.
Winners are distinguished from Honor Books by yellow background and by 'W' in the far right column.
Multiple awards and honors.
E. P. Dutton has won five Batchelder Awards, Delacorte Press (Dell) four. Several imprints have won three: Arthur A. Levine Books (Scholastic); Lothrop, Lee & Shepard (HarperCollins); Houghton Mifflin. It appears that Scholastic Corporation and Houghton Mifflin have won five and four under all subsidiary imprints.
Anthea Bell's translations from Danish, German, French and Greek have won seven mentions, four Awards and three Honors. Hillel Halkin's translations from Hebrew have four awards. Translations from Greek by Edward Fenton have won three. Several people have translated two Award winners.
Uri Orlev writing in Hebrew and Alki Zei writing in Greek were the authors of four and three Award-winning works, all of those translated by Halkin and Fenton respectively. Bjarne Reuter wrote two of the winners in Danish and Josef Holub two of those in German.

</doc>
<doc id="19734302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734302" title="Mila Kajas">
Mila Kajas

Mila Johanna Kajas (born 30 January 1972) is a Finnish figure skater. She placed 12th at the 1994 Winter Olympics and won the silver medal at the 1993 Trophee Lalique.
She married Jarkko Virtanen in 1997 and gave birth to a daughter in January 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19734337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734337" title="Eoghan Quigg">
Eoghan Quigg

Eoghan Quigg (born 12 July 1992) is a former pop singer and occasional actor from Dungiven, Northern Ireland, who finished third in the fifth series of the British television music talent contest "The X Factor" in 2008. As a result of his "X Factor" success, Quigg was due to be signed by Simon Cowell, "X Factor" creator/producer and owner and CEO of Syco Records, but was instead signed to RCA after Cowell pulled out. He is best known for his 2009 eponymous début album, which was released to unanimous censure from critics. He is scheduled to compete in the Irish national selection for the chance to represent Ireland at the Eurovision.
Early life.
Eoghan Karl Christopher Quigg grew up in Dungiven, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
Singing along to Disney cartoons since the age of two, Quigg found his voice when he was in class and told to stand up and sing as a punishment. To the teacher's surprise he sang well, which led to his becoming a choir boy. From then on he sang lead roles in school musicals, such as "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat". 
2008: "The X Factor".
Quigg auditioned for the talent show "The X Factor" in front of judges Simon Cowell, Dannii Minogue, Louis Walsh and Cheryl Cole in 2008. Quigg got past the "judges' houses" stage of the competition, and made it to the live shows in Cowell's 14–24 boys group, along with Scott Bruton and Austin Drage, both of whom were eliminated early in the live shows. On the first live show, Quigg sang "Imagine" and was highly praised by the judges. On the second live show (Michael Jackson week) he sang "Ben" which was also praised. On Big Band week Quigg sang "L-O-V-E" and received a standing ovation from the judges and the crowd. He made it to the semi-finals and after performances of "Year 3000" and "Does Your Mother Know" was voted through to the final.
Quigg eventually finished third, with Alexandra Burke the winner, and JLS runners-up.
2008–09: Post "X Factor".
Quigg appeared at the Cheerios Childline Concert at the Dublin O2 in Dublin on 16 December 2008, among big stars including Enrique Iglesias, Anastasia, Boyzone and many more. In December he also appeared on "The Late Late Show" where it was announced that Irish boyband Boyzone had invited him on their UK and Ireland Better Tour.
After Alexandra Burke won the "X Factor", Simon Cowell's Syco Music announced that it intended to sign Quigg, along with Burke, second place JLS, and fourth place Diana Vickers. On 15 January 2009 it was announced that Quigg had landed a record deal with Syco's parent company Sony BMG. "The Sun" later reported that Cowell had revoked his offer to Quigg and that he has been signed to RCA Records.
2009: First Album.
Quigg released his first album titled "Eoghan Quigg" on 6 April 2009. "28,000 Friends", the only single from Quigg, charted poorly, peaking at no. 96 in the UK Singles Chart. The album charted poorly in the UK, only making number 14 and spending only 3 weeks in the top 100. After some initial success on the Irish Albums Chart - where it debuted at Number 1 - the album soon began free-falling and the album spent just a total of 8 weeks on the chart. The album received overwhelmingly scathing reviews leading to Peter Robinson claiming it to be "the worst album in the history of recorded sound" and that it was "so bad that it would count as a new low for popular culture". The album was mainly criticised for its complete lack of any original material, poor production and poor singing performance from Quigg. Following disappointing album sales, Quigg was dropped by RCA Records in July 2009 and currently remains unsigned. On 2 December 2010, Eoghan performed live at Wellington College Belfast. Lloyd Daniels was supposed to perform but was "unable to be there".
2014: Eurosong.
In February 2014, Quigg was announced by RTÉ as one of the 5 acts that would compete to represent Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014, with the song "The Movie Song". He finished second in the contest.
Acting career / Television.
Quigg got a minor role in the BBC sitcom "Dani's House", playing himself.
He has also expressed an interest in landing a role in the E4 television series "Skins" but was turned down. He also appeared as a guest on the 22 December 2009 edition of "" and featured as a guest on "Harry Hill's TV Burp" on 19 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19734338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734338" title="Vernon R. Young">
Vernon R. Young

Vernon Robert Young (November 15, 1937 – March 30, 2004) was an expert on protein and amino acid requirements and researched how the human body processes nutrients into protein. Young was a principal organizer of amino acid Workshops sponsored by the International Council of Amino Acid Science and was the Chairman of the Council's Scientific Advisory Board.
Young was born in Rhyl, Wales, and educated in England at the University of Cambridge and the University of Reading, where he received degrees in agriculture, before earning his doctorate in nutrition at the University of California, Davis, in 1965. He joined the M.I.T. faculty that year and in 1977 became a professor of nutritional biochemistry.
Young also served as associate program director for M.I.T.'s Clinical Research Center during the 1980s and held posts at Harvard Medical School and the Boston Shriners Hospital. He was a former president of the American Institute of Nutrition and, in 1990, was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. In 1993, Young was elected to the academy's Institute of Medicine.
His contributions were recognized not only by his election to the National Academy of Sciences (USA) and to the Institute of Medicine of the Academy, but also by his receipt of awards, including the Mead-Johnson, Borden, and Conrad Elvehjem Awards of the American Society for Nutritional Sciences, the McCollum Award of the American Society of Clinical Nutrition, the Rank Prize in Nutrition, the Gopalan Oration and Gold Medal of the Nutrition Society of India, the Bristol Myers Squibb Award for Distinguished Achievement in Nutrition Research, the Danone International Prize for Nutrition, the Roger Williams Award in Preventive Nutrition, the International Award for Modern Nutrition, the W.O. Atwater Award from the USDA Agricultural Research Service, and the Jonathan E. Rhoads Award of the American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition.
In 2001, Young was named to the board of directors of Nestle corporation.
Additional Academic Appointments.
In addition to his professorship at MIT, Young served as associate program director of the MIT Clinical Research Center, 1985–1987, and director of research for the Shriners Burns Institute, 1987-1990. Additional appointments in Boston at the time of his death included lecturer in surgery, Harvard University, and senior visiting scientist, U.S. Department of Agriculture Human Center on Aging, Tufts University, 1988-2004.
Young also held appointments as visiting professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, 1983; University of Southern California Medical School, March 1984; University of Illinois, Urbana, March 1986; University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, March 1986; University of Iowa, Iowa City, May 1986; University of Florida, Gainesville, December 1987; Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, January 1988; Case Western Reserve School of Medicine, Cleveland, September 1988. He served as visiting research fellow, Merton College, Oxford, U.K., April–June 1994; visiting scholar, University of Texas Health Sciences Center at San Antonio 1996; and visiting professor, the Universities of Wageningen and Maastrich, The Netherlands, 2000; and visiting research fellow, University of Ulster, Coleraine, Northern Ireland, 2002.
National and International Lectureships and Committees.
Young’s named lectureships included the Vickers Lecture of the British Neonatal Health Science Center, San Antonio, 1986; the American Society for Nutritional Sciences McCollum Award Lecture, 1987; Burns Lecture, Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons, Scotland, 1990; Brackenridge Lecture, University of Texas Health Science Center, San Antonio, 1996; Bruce and Virginia Street Lecture in Preventive Nutrition, University of North Texas, Fort Worth, 1996; Ninth Annual Malcolm Trout Lecture, Michigan State University, 1997; Rudolf Schonheimer Centenary Lecture, Nutrition Society of U.K.,1998; first David Murdock Lecture in Nutrition, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, 1998; Jonathan Roads Lecture, American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition. 1999; Hans Fischer Lecture, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, 1999; and W. O. Atwater Lecture and Award, USDA Agricultural Research Service, 2001.
Editorial boards on which he served included the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, 1976–1978; Nutrition Research, 1980–1984; Advances in Nutrition Research, 1976–2004; Pediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition, 1981–1985; Age, 1977–1982; Growth, 1986–1990; Journal of the Nutrition Society of Nigeria, 1990–1994; and Nutrition Today, 1997-2004.
Life and career.
The only son of a mariner and homemaker, Young was born in Rhyl, Wales but spent much of his youth during the years of World War II at his uncle's farm in the Sherwood Forest area of Nottinghamshire.
Young began his scientific studies at Reading University, Wales, in animal husbandry, before emigrating to California. In 1960, as an agriculture graduate student in the old Home Economics department at the University of California, Davis, Young gradually became interested in problems as they related to human
nutrition. Then, toward the end of his period there, he came across the September, 1964, issue of Scientific American, an edition devoted to food and agriculture, which contained an article written by Nevin Scrimshaw, Institute Professor at MIT, who was to become a lifelong mentor, colleague and hero to Young. (In 1991, Scrimshaw was awarded the World Food Prize for his lifelong dedication to alleviating hunger and malnutrition in developing nations.)
"His article on the global problems of protein energy malnutrition really attracted me," says Young. "So I wrote to him and asked if I could work with him. He said 'yes', so we set off on a scientific journey together which has been very exciting."
Upon arriving at MIT, Young was attracted to more than Scrimshaw's science. Young was likewise charmed by Janice, Scrimshaw's secretary, to whom Young was married for 37 years. "My wife has been an essential reason for any of my possible successes."
Awards.
Mead-Johnson Award (1973), the Borden Award (1983), the McCollum Award (1987), the Rank Prize in Nutrition (1989), and Danone Prize (1998).

</doc>
<doc id="19734348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734348" title="Roney &quot;Giah&quot; Giacometti">
Roney &quot;Giah&quot; Giacometti

Roney "Giah" Giacometti (born 11 August 1974) is a Brazilian composer, singer, guitar player and music producer.
Biography.
Born in a family fascinated by music, Roney Giah started studying and playing the guitar at 6 years old. His first band came when he was 9, encouraged by his teacher and mentor, Manuel dos Santos. His first compositions came when he was 11 years old. 
But it was only with his second band, Moscou Capitalista (Capitalist Moscow) that Roney started playing at music festivals and made his first studio recording in 1988. The band split up four years later, making place for Quelidon, power trio consisted of Roney (voice and guitar), Rolon (bass), and Sil (drums).
In 1993, Roney traveled to the United States to study music at the Musicians Institute in Los Angeles. There, he studied with Pat Metheny, Scott Henderson, Frank Gambale, Joe Diorio, Joe Pass, Stanley Jordan, Jenifer Batten (Michael Jackson’s former guitar player), and Cat Gray (Prince’s keyboard player).
Back to Brazil in 1994, the singer, guitar player and composer, graduated at M.I.T., started playing weekly at nightclubs in his hometown São Paulo. After two years of concerts, Roney recorded his debut album, "Semente" (Seed), in 1996, at the Bebop Studio. The CD was largely instrumental and was nominated for Brazil’s 1998 Sharp Award.
Also in 1998, he was finalist at Brazil’s Visa Instrumental Award and won a second place at the Berklee / Souza Lima Festival, in São Paulo.
Roney Giah's second algum, the CD "Mais Dias na Terra" (Extra days on Earth), had its official launching on April 29, 2006 in a sold out concert at the theater of Museu da Imagem e do Som (MIS) in São Paulo. "Mais dias na Terra (Extra days on Earth)" was also pre-selected for 2006 Brazilian Tim Award and Latin Grammy 2006.
In 2008, The John Lennon Songwriting Contest, created by Yoko Ono with judges such as Carlos Santana, Wyclef Jean, John Legend, Fergie, Al Jareau, Bob Weir, and Lamont Dozier gave Honorable Mention in World category for the song Amar com E, from Giah’s second CD, "More Days on Earth".
Also in 2008, Giah signed a record deal with British Label ASTRANOVA for the release of a CD compilation entitled Yesterday's tomorrow. Featuring seven tracks from "Semente – Seed" - (1998), six tracks from "Mais dias na Terra − More days on Earth" − (2006), and one bonus track exclusively produced for the compilation, ASTRANOVA released podcast shows in 107 countries. The record company's interest started when Roney Giah's compositions "Amar Com E" and "A Chuva" were selected for garageband.com's Track of the Day, which is an American site that has Sir George Martin, Beatles former producer, as chairman of their advisory board.
In addition to the compilation, Giah’s composition Translate the world was featured on the soundtrack of the American production "No Pain, No Gain", a movie exhibited in 250 movie theaters in the United States and worldwide.
In 2009, Roney Giah won Honorable Mention in The Billboard World Song Contest for his composition "Time is so still", from Giah’s fourth work, the pop chamber-inspired album "Queimando a moleira" (Burning mind).
In 2010, Roney Giah was nominated for best independent artist in the Australian-based The MusicOz Award.
In 2011, Giah's fifth album, "Co'as goela e tudo" ("Nothing but the Throats"), recorded entirely a cappella with Brazilian vocal group Perseptom was released.
Discography.
CD Semente (Seed) - 1997 <br>
CD Mais dias na Terra (Extra days on earth) - 2005 <br>
CD Yesterday's tomorrow - 2008 <br>
CD Queimando a moleira (Burning mind) - 2010 <br>
CD Co'as goela e tudo (Nothing but the throats) - 2011<br>
CD (+ compact vinil) Single puzzle piece vol. 01- 2012<br>
CD (+ compact vinil) Pop em pedaço vol. 01 - 2012
Career highlights.
Second (Runner up) Best World/Folk album of the year (CARAs - Contemporary A cappella Recording Awards, 2011) for his CD "Nothing but the throats".<br>
Suggested Artist Honors at the Song of the year Songwriting Contest (2011).<br>
Nominated for Best international artist (The Musicoz Award, 2010).<br>
Honorable Mention in World category for the song "Amar com E" from Roney Giah’s second CD, "Extra days on Earth" (The John Lennon Songwriting Contest, 2008).<br>
Pre-selected for the 2006 TIM Music Award (CD "Extra days on Earth").<br>
Pre-selected for the 2006 Latin Grammy (CD "Extra days on Earth").<br>
Honorable Mention for the composition "Time is so still" (Billboard World Song Contest, 2009).<br>
Honorable Mention for the composition "Time is so still" (Mike Pinder’s Song Wars, 2010).<br>
Giah’s composition “Time is so Still” (from his fourth CD Burning mind) was featured on over 160 college radios in the USA and has reached the top 30 charts twice (2011).<br>
Also in 2008, Giah signed a record deal with British Label ASTRANOVA Records for the release of a CD compilation entitled "Yesterday´s tomorrow". Promoting the compilation, ASTRANOVA released podcast shows reaching thousands of subscribers in 107 countries. "Yesterday’s tomorrow" includes seven tracks from "Semente – Seed" - (1998), six tracks from "Mais dias na Terra - Extra days on Earth" - (2006), and one bonus track exclusively produced for the compilation.<br>
Roney Giah’s composition "Translate the World" was featured on the soundtrack of the American production No Pain, No Gain − a movie shown in over 250 movie theaters in the United States and worldwide.<br>
Roney Giah’s debut album "Semente" (Seed) was nominated for the Sharp Award (1998).<br>
As a guitarist, he was a finalist at the 1998 Visa Instrumental Award and won a second place at the Berklee / Souza Lima Festival in his hometown São Paulo.

</doc>
<doc id="19734361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734361" title="New York Association for New Americans">
New York Association for New Americans

The New York Association for New Americans (NYANA) was a UJC agency for refugee assistance located on the Battery in New York City.
NYANA was founded in 1949 as a local arm of the Jewish United Service for New Americans to assist in the resettlement of refugees from the Holocaust coming to the USA in the aftermath of World War II. In the 1950s it served Jewish immigrants from Romania, Greece, Hungary, and Egypt, and in the 1960s from Cuba, Czechoslovakia, and Poland. After Jews were allowed to leave the USSR in the mid-1970s, it expanded to assist large numbers of Jewish refugees from the former USSR, approximately 250,000 by 2004. But it also served non-Jewish refugees, beginning in 1972 with Ugandans and continuing with Southeast Asian boat people, Cambodians, Tibetans, and others. It is estimated to have served 500,000 people during its existence. Its headquarters were in the Whitehall Building on Battery Place in Lower Manhattan, and it had a satellite office in Queens.
NYANA sought from its inception to provide one-stop services to refugees, including assistance finding housing, health, mental health and family services, an English as a Second Language school, vocational training, and licensing courses in addition to legal help with immigration and adjustment. As the number of refugees from the former Soviet Union declined, it reshaped itself to serve the broader immigrant population, also offering citizenship assistance, a center for women and families, a mental-health clinic, and a substance-abuse program and programs in workforce and economic development, community development, and bi-culturation. 
The NYANA English School taught incoming refugees as much English as possible in intensive classes. Initially the NYANA Method was aural/oral, based on the ulpan method used to teach Hebrew to new immigrants in Israel and using a short in-house textbook. Teachers were recruited from the performing arts community and included Todd Solondz. However, in 1995 the school converted to a more conventional four-skills curriculum. In the late 1990s as numbers of refugees declined, increasing numbers of clients were assigned to ESL classes in neighborhood centers under short-term government grants and the school greatly reduced.
At its peak, NYANA served 50,000 refugees per year, but shifting policies and needs caused this to decline to between 300 and 400 in 2007. Its peak budget was $90 million, which by 2008 had shrunk to $7.5 million. Joseph Lazar, a management consultant who was himself born in a displaced persons camp in the late 1940s, was hired as director and a fund-raising dinner was held, but it raised only about $50,000 and the decision was made to close the agency in summer 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19734363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734363" title="Cubitis, Florida">
Cubitis, Florida

Cubitis is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States. It is located about north of Arcadia on U.S. Route 17.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19734376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734376" title="Marmorana scabriuscula">
Marmorana scabriuscula

Marmorana scabriuscula is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to northwest Sicily.
Anatomy.
Species within this genus create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19734378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734378" title="Annual World Bank Conference on Development Economics">
Annual World Bank Conference on Development Economics

The Annual World Bank Conference on Development Economics (ABCDE) is an annual conference on development economics held by the World Bank. The first conference was held in 1988 in Washington, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19734401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734401" title="New Blood (Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears album)">
New Blood (Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears album)

New Blood is the fifth album by the band Blood, Sweat & Tears, released in 1972.
With David Clayton-Thomas leaving as lead vocalist to pursue a solo career after the release of "BS&T 4", a nearly wholesale personnel change occurred for "New Blood". Difficulties had arisen inside the group between its pop-rock and jazz factions, with Clayton-Thomas choosing to leave in early January 1972. He was briefly replaced by Bobby Doyle, and then Jerry Fisher. Founding member, Dick Halligan, also departed, as well as Fred Lipsius.
The album reached the top-40 charts (the last BS&T LP to do so) and spawned a single, "So Long Dixie", which peaked at number 44.
"New Blood" was re-released on CD in 2005 on the Wounded Bird label.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic Ross Boissoneau wrote of the album "The band vocals on "Touch Me" and the arrangement of Herbie Hancock's "Maiden Voyage" are among the highlights, but then there's Bob Dylan's "Down in the Flood" and Steve Katz's "Velvet" (about a horse, for Pete's sake!). Gerry Goffin and Carole King's "Snow Queen" almost makes up for it, with sensational solos from Dave Bargeron on trombone and Lou Marini on sax."
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19734410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734410" title="Friends, Lovers, Brothers, and Others">
Friends, Lovers, Brothers, and Others

"Friends, Lovers, Brothers, and Others" was the technical second but chronological third episode of South of Nowhere that aired on November 11, 2005 on the teen drama channel, "The-N".
Plot Overview.
Ashley's estranged rock-star father, Raife Davies (Guest star C.C. DeVille), is coming into town to see her play at the local club Gray. Aiden and Spencer are there to support her, but find themselves making music of their own with a little alcohol in their system. Ashley is jealous and a love-triangle is quickly forming. Meanwhile, Clay and Sean hit a rough spot in their new friendship and things are getting hot and heavy between Glen and Madison, who are on a secret date at the Carlin house. Feeling betrayed by her friends, Ashley eventually connects with her father in a rare moment.The-N Official Description
Plot summary.
Aiden, Madison and Glen are sitting at a table with other students talking about the time Glen was abducted by aliens. Madison doesn't believe Glen, so he calls Clay over to confirm his story. Sean thinks that Clay is choosing Glen over him. Aiden texts Ashley to ask if he can come join her and Spencer. Ashley invites him over called him "one of the girls". Ashley tells Spencer and Aiden how she's going to be singing on stage at a local club and how her dad is coming to see her perform. Madison says that Aiden just loves attention and Glen replies that he would make her the center of his attention.
Spencer and Ashley are at Ashley's house helping Ashley pick out an outfit for her performance. She is nervous to see her dad and tells Spencer about their distant relationship. How he's always traveling. Glen and Clay are playing video games at home and talking about Sean. Glen jokingly says that Sean looks like a gangster and that he wouldn't be surprised if he sold drugs. Clay tells Glen that Sean has been cool to him since he got there. They agree not to judge each other's friends and then Spencer walks in. Glen remarks about Spencer's bad choice of Ashley as a friend.
At school, Madison pulls Aiden away from Spencer and Ashley and suggests that on Saturday they go to a hotel. Aiden tells her that he already made plans for Saturday. Madison basically says she's more important and that she might just find someone else. Aiden says "I'll take my chances" and Madison walks off. Clay comes up to Sean and Sean confronts him about ignoring him and his group. Clay looks confused and leaves. Madison finds Glen and asks him out.
Aiden uses a fake ID to buy alcohol but is unable to get Spencer a drink. So Ashley pulls out a flask from her purse and gives it to Spencer calling herself the "better friend". Ashley leaves to go talk to the sound guy and Spencer and Aiden leave to dance. Back at the Carlin residence, Glen is introducing Madison to his parents and Clay confronts Glen about how Madison has a boyfriend and how she's a "man-eater" then Clay leaves for Sean's party. Back at the club, Gray, Spencer is getting drunker and drunker and starts making out with Aiden. Ashley sees this a pulls her aside. Spencer nearly kisses Ashley and Ashley is angry that on her special night Spencer is drunk and she doesn't have time to take care of her. Ashley's dad hasn't shown up and she's starting to wonder if he'll even show up at all. Spencer reassures her that she'll be great and then gives her a hug and kiss on the cheek. Ashley calls her dad but gets the answering machine. Spencer and Aiden leave to his car. 
At Sean's house they're playing poker and still bitter about Clay choosing Glen and his friends over them. Back at the Carlins', Madison and Glen are making out. Ashley sings on stage, but Spencer and Aiden are nowhere to be seen, and neither is her father. She sings "Hold On" by her father, Raiff Davies. Spencer and Aiden are making out in his car when he stops her. She then passes out. 
Clay tells Sean that he wants to be friends with both him and Glen. Clay beats Sean in chess. Aiden takes a very drunk Spencer home and stumbles upon Glen and Madison making out. Glen yells at Aiden for getting his sister drunk, and Aiden yells at Glen for cheating with Madison. Then Arthur and Paula walk in. They ask if Spencer is drunk, she replies "no" and then throws up. They take that as a yes. Back at Gray, Ashley is talking to Cat, the bar owner, about how she was ditched by her friends. Then a very late father runs in and apologizes over and over again. He asks her to sing for him now. They sing a duet together and everyone cheers.
The next day at school, Aiden and Madison break up over text message and she and Glen begin their relationship. Spencer is grounded for the week and can't remember what she did that night. Spencer goes to apologize to Ashley and asks her if they're still friends. She forgives her but puts her on "probation". They then listen to her father's new album.

</doc>
<doc id="19734417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734417" title="Bradley Alpert">
Bradley Alpert

Bradley K. Alpert is a computational scientist at NIST. He is probably best known for co-developing fast spherical filters. His fast spherical filters were (and remain) critical in the construction of the most efficient three-dimensional fast multipole methods (FMMs) for solving the Helmholtz equation and Maxwell's equations. Other well-known work of his includes contributions to computational methods for time-domain wave propagation, quadratures for singular integrals, and multiwavelets.
Alpert was awarded the 2006 Flemming Award for his work on spherical filters and his other contributions to scientific computing. He was awarded a Bronze Medal from the U.S. Department of Commerce in 1997 for joint work on processing antenna measurements corrupted by errors in the positions of probes.
Alpert received his Ph.D from Yale University in 1990, under the supervision of Vladimir Rokhlin. Alpert worked as a casualty actuary early in his career, and was a Hans Lewy postdoctoral fellow at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and U.C. Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="19734418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734418" title="Stowting">
Stowting

Stowting lies between Canterbury, Folkestone, Ashford and Hythe. In 1947, a Douglas C-47A crashed on the hillside above the village, killing eight of the 16 people on board.
Stowting has a school and a church and its population is around 150
The Tiger Pub is a very popular place in Stowting - MT
Stowting Cricket Club has been established since 1895, and play at the beautiful and scenic Dawes Field, which is near Stowting CofE Primary School. Stowting Cricket Club play in the Premier Division of the Invicta Cricket League and in Division 4 of the Kent Village Cricket League, and boasts one of the best cricket teas on the circuit.
stowting.play-cricket.com
There is a Church of England Primary school.

</doc>
<doc id="19734419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734419" title="Prapol Pongpanich">
Prapol Pongpanich

Prapol Pongpanich was a Thai football coach, currently in charge of Provincial Electricity Authority FC since 2004. He led the side to the Thailand Premier League 2008 league title. In 2010, he became head coach of Thai Premier League team Bangkok United..
Honours.
As Head Coach

</doc>
<doc id="19734431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734431" title="Joshua, Florida">
Joshua, Florida

Joshua is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States. It is located about east of Arcadia on State Road 70.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19734435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734435" title="If I Could Make a Living (song)">
If I Could Make a Living (song)

"If I Could Make a Living" is a song written by Alan Jackson, Keith Stegall and Roger Murrah, and recorded by American country music artist Clay Walker. It was released in September 1994 as the first single and title track from his album of the same name. It was Walker's fifth chart entry, and became his fourth Number One hit on the "Billboard" country charts in November 1994. It also reached #21 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 charts, and on the Canadian "RPM" country charts, it followed Jackson's "Livin' on Love" at Number One.
Background.
In an interview with "The Columbus Dispatch" Walker revealed he was mildly dissatisfied with the single and stated, "I didn't pick the musicians or anything for If I Could Make a Living. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with doing songs with pop melodies, but I find the more mature I get with my music, the more traditional I become. The older I get, the more I love that fiddle and pedal (steel) sound, that pure country sound." In the same interview, Walker also said "If I Could Make a Living is really a fun-lovin' song, but it's a short song . . . a really short song, only a minute and 56 seconds. Every night I do that song in concert I think, 'Man, that's not enough.'"
Content.
The song is an up-tempo in which the narrator says that, if he could make a living out of loving his partner, he would "be a millionaire in a week or two" and never have to leave her behind.
Reception.
Larry Flick of "Billboard" gave the song a mixed review writing "Walker has made a hell of a living selling this kind of cornbread-philosophical lyric. Co-written by Alan Jackson, this sounds an awful lot like one of his leftovers. And that ain't necessarily a bad thing."
Tara Seetharam of "Country Universe" listed "If I Could Make a Living" as the 374th best country single of the 1990s and wrote, "This song is either ridiculously cheesy or irresistibly cheesy depending on your taste, but there’s no denying Walker sells the heck out of it with charm and enthusiasm."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Michael Merriman.

</doc>
<doc id="19734444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734444" title="Serhat Koç">
Serhat Koç

Serhat Koç (born 18 July 1990 in Eindhoven) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Jupiler League side Helmond Sport.
Koç made his first first team appearance on January 11, 2008 against FC Volendam. 
On 10 December 2008 he agreed on a transfer to FC Groningen. He joined his new club in July 2009. From August 2010 he played on loan for first division club SC Cambuur until January 2011. From then he joined FC Eindhoven on loan until the end of the season. In July 2011, Koc was transferred back to FC Eindhoven on a permanent basis. Koc immediately delivered with a goal and an assist in the first game of the new season, during Eindhoven's 3-0 win on FC Emmen. After two seasons he signed with Helmond Sport in the summer of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19734456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734456" title="USS Augusta (1799)">
USS Augusta (1799)

USS "Augusta" was a brig purchased by the US Navy on 30 June 1799 at Norfolk, Virginia and fitted out at Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania by Naval Constructor Joshua Humphreys. She was placed in commission for service in the Quasi-War with France sometime late in 1799 with Lieutenant Archibald McElroy in command.
In December, she put to sea in company with a convoy bound for the Caribbean and arrived in the West Indies by early 1800. She began cruising in search of French vessels operating there. On 21 January 1800, the brig and her consort, , encountered and captured the 6-gun privateer schooner "La Mutine" off Puerto Rico. Later that spring, she cruised the coast of what is now Haiti operating against the French in conjunction with the forces under Toussaint Louverture.
June 1800 was her most active month. On the 3rd, she fell in with two French schooners, "La Jeanne" and "La Victoire", off Jacmel. She captured both vessels and sent them into port to be adjudicated by a prize court. On 24 June, while cruising in company with the frigate , "Augusta" joined her larger colleague in capturing "L'Espoir" and sent the prize into Boston, Massachusetts for adjudication by an admiralty court.
Her last captures in the undeclared war with France came on 28 July 1800 near the town of Cayes, Haiti. In cooperation with Toussaint L'Ouverture's schooner "General Dessalines", "Augusta" sent boat crews into the bay to cut out two French brigs, the names of which are unknown. The expedition succeeded, and the two brigs were sent into port. Thereafter, she continued to cruise West Indian waters in search of French vessels, but apparently made no further captures. No date is known for her return to the United States; however, she was laid up at the Gosport Shipyard by mid-March 1801. She was sold later that year, probably sometime between 1 April and 30 June.

</doc>
<doc id="19734495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734495" title="Joseph Edward Mayer">
Joseph Edward Mayer

Joseph Edward Mayer (February 5, 1904, New York City - October 15, 1983) was a chemist who has formulated the Mayer expansion in statistical field theory.
He was professor of chemistry at the University of California, San Diego from 1960 to 1973. He was married to Nobel Prize-winning physicist Maria Goeppert Mayer from 1930 until her death in 1972. He went to work with James Franck in Göttingen, Germany in 1929, where he met Maria, a student of Max Born. Joseph Mayer was president of the American Physical Society from 1973 to 1975.
Scientific contributions.
He developed the cluster expansion method and Mayer-McMillan solution theory.

</doc>
<doc id="19734497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734497" title="Alfred Trzebinski">
Alfred Trzebinski

Alfred Trzebinski (29 August 1902 – 8 October 1946) was an SS-physician at the Auschwitz, Majdanek and Neuengamme concentration camps in Nazi Germany. He was sentenced to death and executed for his involvement in war crimes committed at the Neuengamme subcamps.
Life.
Trzebinski was born in Jutroschin, Province of Posen (now Rawicz County). After his study and graduation he became a physician in Saxony. Trzebinski was a member of the Nazi Party and SS. Trzebinski was a "camp physician" (German: "Lagerarzt") at Auschwitz concentration camp from July 1941 to October 1941, and from October 1941 to September 1943 at the Majdanek camp. He was then transferred to Neuengamme concentration camp. At Neuengamme he was the supervisor for SS physician Kurt Heissmeyer. Heißmeier had done medical experiments on adult concentration camp prisoners and children. Trzebinski was liable for the medical care of the inmates of the Neuengamme camp and all its subcamps. Of 100,000 inmates, at least 42,900 died between 1938 and 1945.
Murder of children.
Trzebinski was involved in the murder of 20 children at the subcamp "Bullenhuser Damm", a former school partly destroyed during the bombing of Hamburg in World War II. Heißmeyer had ordered 20 Jewish children (10 boys and 10 girls) from Auschwitz to continue his experiments. His purpose had been to inject tuberculosis bacteria and to excise the axillary lymph nodes. On the night of 20 April 1945, Trzebinski injected morphine into the children (to sedate them) after which they were hanged in the basement of the "Bullenhuser Damm" school. That same night, 28 adults died as well, mostly Soviet prisoners.
Trial and execution.
Trzebinski was able to escape at the end of the Second World War. On February 1, 1946 he was arrested—after working for the British forces in the POW camp Neumünster—because of the persistency of Walter Freud, a grandchild of Sigmund Freud. Trzebinski was sentenced to death during the "Curiohaus processes" in Rotherbaum in March 1946, also for his complicity in the homicide of the children. At his trial he confessed freely and frankly, saying, "If I had acted as a hero the children might have died a little later, but their fate could no longer be averted" and admitted "you cannot execute children, you can only murder them" but they were "only" Jews. Trzebinski was executed by hanging on 8 October 1946 by Albert Pierrepoint at Hamelin Prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19734544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734544" title="Information minister">
Information minister

An information minister (also called minister of information) is a position in the governments of some countries responsible for dealing with information matters, it is often linked with censorship and propaganda. Sometimes the position is given to a separate Minister of Culture.
Information ministries.
Minister of Information may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19734560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734560" title="Judy Wajcman">
Judy Wajcman

Judy Wajcman is a Professor of Sociology at the London School of Economics and Political Science.
She was formerly a Professor of Sociology in the Research School of Social Sciences, Australian National University. She has been a Visiting Professor at the Lehman Brothers Centre for Women in Business at London Business School, and at the Oxford Internet Institute. She has previously held posts in Cambridge, Edinburgh, Manchester, Sydney, Tokyo, Vienna, Warwick and Zurich. She has also been a Visiting Fellow at All Souls College, Oxford. She was the first woman fellow at St. John's College, Cambridge (Norman Laski Research Fellow 1978-80).
Judy Wajcman LSE staff profile.
She was President (2010-2011) of the Society for the Social Studies of Science, and a council member from 1996-98 (4S).
4S website.
Research.
Wajcman is probably best known for her analysis of the gendered nature of technology. She was one of the founding contributors to the social studies of technology, as well as to studies of gender, work, and organisations.
Her books include "The Social Shaping of Technology", "Feminism Confronts Technology", "Managing Like a Man: Women and Men in Corporate Management", "The Politics of Working Life" and "TechnoFeminism". She is also a co-editor of "The Handbook of Science and Technology Studies". Her work has been translated into French, German, Greek, Korean, Japanese, Portuguese and Spanish.
Articles/Chapters (selected).
•'Constant Connectivity: Rethinking interruptions at work', with Emily Rose, "Organization Studies", Vol. 32, No. 7, 2011, pp. 941–962.
•'Feminist Theories of Technology', "Cambridge Journal of Economics", Vol. 34, No. 1, 2010, pp. 143–152.
•'The Mobile Phone, Perpetual Contact and Time Pressure', with Michael Bittman and Jude Brown, "Work, Employment and Society", Vol. 23, No. 4, 2009, pp. 673–691.
•'Families without Borders: Mobile phones, connectedness and work-home divisions' with Michael Bittman and Jude Brown, "Sociology", Vol. 42, No.4, 2008, pp. 635–652.
•'Life in the fast lane? Towards a sociology of technology and time', "British Journal of Sociology", Vol. 59, No.1, 2008, pp. 59–77.
•'New Connections: social studies of science and technology and studies of work', "Work, Employment and Society", Vol.20, No.4, 2006, pp. 773–786.
•'Markets, Contingency and Preferences: Contemporary Managers' Narrative Identities', with Bill Martin, "The Sociological Review", Vol. 52, No. 2, 2004, pp. 240–264.
•'The Rush Hour: The Character of Leisure Time and Gender Equity', with Michael Bittman, "Social Forces", Vol. 79, No. 1, 2000, pp. 165–189.
Positions Held.
•'Oxford Internet Institute
•'Research Associate, October 2008 - September 2014
•'Senior Research Fellow, October 2007 - October 2008
•'Research Associate, March 2006 - October 2007
•'Visiting Fellow, October 2005 - February 2006

</doc>
<doc id="19734569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734569" title="Jean-Baptiste Sanson de Pongerville">
Jean-Baptiste Sanson de Pongerville

Jean-Baptiste Sanson de Pongerville (3 March 1782 in Abbeville – 22 January 1870 in Paris) was a French a man of letters and poet. He was elected the tenth occupant of Académie française seat 31 in 1830.

</doc>
<doc id="19734576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734576" title="Batalage">
Batalage

Batalage () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Koceljeva municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 501 in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19734594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734594" title="Marmorana serpentina">
Marmorana serpentina

Marmorana serpentina is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae.
Distribution.
This species of snail is endemic to the area of Alghero, in western Sardinia.
Anatomy.
This snail creates and uses love darts as part of its mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19734601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734601" title="Lansing, Florida">
Lansing, Florida

Lansing is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States. It is located about northwest of Arcadia.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19734642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734642" title="Hoop takraw at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Hoop takraw at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Hoop sepaktakraw was contested at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games in Macau, China from October 31 to November 3. The competition took place at Workers Sports Pavilion.
Results.
Men.
1st round.
October 31
2nd round.
November 1
Women.
1st round.
October 31
2nd round.
November 1

</doc>
<doc id="19734655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734655" title="Wushan County, Gansu">
Wushan County, Gansu

Wushan County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Tianshui prefecture, with the city of the same name being the county seat. Its postal code is 741300, and in 1999 its population was 418,648 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19734662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734662" title="Democrat Republic Party">
Democrat Republic Party

The Democrat Republic Party or DRP supports Independent Kosovo & democracy for all Kosovars . They are in coalition with the Democratic League of Kosovo: LDK they won 3.4% in elections. Leader: Edon Topi.

</doc>
<doc id="19734702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734702" title="Polikarpov TB-2">
Polikarpov TB-2

The Polikarpov TB-2 () was a Soviet heavy bomber prototype designed and tested in the 1920s. It was a wooden-construction sesquiplane with engines mounted on the bottom wing. Work on the sole prototype began in 1927 and it was tested in 1930. Although TB-2 performance was superior to that of the Tupolev TB-1 in service at the time, it was deemed insufficient for 1930 and the project was abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="19734708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734708" title="Christian Party of Kosovo">
Christian Party of Kosovo

The Christian Party of Kosovo is a religious political party in Kosovo which fights for more the rights of Christians in North Kosovo and East Peć City. It is not in coalition with any other party in Kosovo. It won 0.4% votes. The leader of the Christian Party is Alexander Milovan.

</doc>
<doc id="19734722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734722" title="Platt, Florida">
Platt, Florida

Platt is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States. It is located about west of Fort Ogden.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19734724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734724" title="Brdarica">
Brdarica

Brdarica () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Koceljeva municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and 1,519 inhabitants in 2002. There is a large Romani minority in the village numbering 488 persons or about one third of the population.

</doc>
<doc id="19734757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734757" title="Union of Kosovo Party">
Union of Kosovo Party

Union of Kosovo Party:UKP supports Peace in Kosovo and joint state with Albania. Leader Bamir Berisha.
Votes in elections: 1.2% coalition in Liberal Party of Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="19734762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734762" title="Qingshui County">
Qingshui County

Qingshui County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Tianshui prefecture, with the city of the same name being the county seat. Its postal code is 741400, and in 1999 its population was 299,718 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19734764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734764" title="Cesare II Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla">
Cesare II Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla

Cesare II Gonzaga (Mantua, 1592 – February 26, 1632) was Duke of Guastalla.
He was the son of Ferrante II Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla and Duke of Amalfi and of Vittoria Doria.<br>
He succeeded his father in 1630, but died 2 years later.
He married in 1612 with Isabella Orsini (1598–1623),and had 2 children :

</doc>
<doc id="19734791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734791" title="Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's K-4 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's K-4 500 metres

The women's K-4 500 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
13 crews entered in two heats on September 27. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the finals while the remaining seven teams were relegated to the semifinal.
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal (raced on September 29) advanced to the final.
South Korea's intermediate time was not listed in the official report.
Final.
A final was held on October 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19734815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734815" title="Southfort, Florida">
Southfort, Florida

Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States. It is located about south of Fort Ogden on U.S. Route 17.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19734831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734831" title="Qin'an County">
Qin'an County

Qin'an County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties in Gansu, and administratively under Tianshui prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 741600, and in 1999 its population was 567,553 people.
History.
It is reputedly the county where Zhuge Liang's troops, commanded by Ma Su, were defeated by Zhang He at the Battle of Jieting.
Known as Chengji (), it vied with Tianshui (then known as Shanggui) as the seat of the medieval province of Qinzhou during the Tang and Five-Dynasty eras.

</doc>
<doc id="19734841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734841" title="Arianne Phillips">
Arianne Phillips

Arianne Phillips (born April 26, 1963 in New York City) is a costume designer. She has also been Madonna's stylist and has designed and styled her last four concert tours. She has worked with Lenny Kravitz, Courtney Love, No Doubt and Justin Timberlake. She has received two Oscar nominations for "Walk the Line" and "W.E.", and a BAFTA nomination for A Single Man. She also received a Costume Designer's Guild award for her work on "W.E."

</doc>
<doc id="19734854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734854" title="Lieu-dit">
Lieu-dit

Lieu-dit (plural: "lieux-dits") (literally "said-location") is a French toponymic term for a small geographical area bearing a traditional name. The name usually refers to some characteristic of the place, its former use, a past event, etc. A lieu-dit may be uninhabited, which distinguishes it from an "hameau" (hamlet), which is inhabited.
Concept.
English speakers seem to have discovered the concept through oenology and have considered it as a wine term which in its typical usage translates as "vineyard name" or "named vineyard". Typically, a "lieu-dit" is the smallest piece of land which has a traditional vineyard name assigned to it. In most cases, this means that a "lieu-dit" is smaller than an "appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC).
Use in France.
In some cases, "lieux-dits" appear on wine labels, in addition to the AOC name. This is most commonly seen for Alsace wine and Burgundy wine. It may not always be easy for consumers to tell if a name on a wine label is a "lieu-dit" or a cuvée name created by the producer.
The only case of mandatory mention of a "lieu-dit" is in Alsace, for Alsace Grand Cru AOC. The Grand Cru designation may only be used if a "lieu-dit" is indicated. "Lieux-dits" may also be indicated on regular Alsace AOC wines, but is not mandatory.
In Burgundy, the term "climat" is used interchangeably with "lieu-dit". The use of the "lieu-dit" varies with the level of classification of the wine. Although the Grand Cru burgundies are in generally considered to be classified on the vineyard level and defined as separate AOCs (with the exception of Chablis Grand Cru), some Burgundy Grand Crus are in fact divided into several "lieux-dits". An example is Corton, where it is fairly common to see "lieux-dits" such as Les Bressandes, Le Clos de Roi and Les Renardes indicated. For village level burgundies, the "lieu-dit" may only be indicated in smaller print than the village name to avoid confusion with Premier Cru burgundies, where the village and vineyard name are indicated in the same size print.
In Rhône, "lieux-dits" are most commonly seen for some of the top wines of the region. An example is the "lieu-dit" La Mouline within Côte-Rôtie.
Outside of France.
In the United States, the labeling of vineyard designated wines follows the similar practice of highlighting the particular vineyard that the grapes are sourced from.

</doc>
<doc id="19734874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734874" title="Gangu County">
Gangu County

Gangu County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Tianshui prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 741200, and in 1999 its population was 570,318 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19734888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734888" title="Side-striped chameleon">
Side-striped chameleon

The side-striped chameleon or the two-lined chameleon, Trioceros bitaeniatus, is a chameleon native to Ethiopia, southern Sudan, Somalia, Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, and the northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In Kenya, the Side-striped chameleon lives on Mount Kenya, Kilimanjaro, and in the Aberdare Range. They live in the "Hagenia" and "Hypericum" scrub in the timberline forest between 3000 and 4000 m. It lives between 1 and 2 m (3 and 6 feet) above the ground in the giant heathers that grow here. They are strictly diurnal and shelter at night between dense bushes.

</doc>
<doc id="19734913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734913" title="No Sweat (Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears album)">
No Sweat (Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears album)

No Sweat is an album by the band Blood, Sweat & Tears, released in 1973.
By mid-1973, Steve Katz, one of the founding members of BS&T had left the band as the members leaned further towards jazz fusion. "No Sweat" continued in the jazz-fusion vein and featured intricate horn work.
"No Sweat" was re-released on CD in 2005 on the Wounded Bird label.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic Ross Boissoneau wrote the album "may be the jazziest BS&T ever."
Personnel.
Additional musicians
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19734938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734938" title="Red Circuit">
Red Circuit

Red Circuit is a Progressive metal Supergroup from Wiesbaden, Hessen, Germany. It features members and guest musicians from renowned bands such as Vanden Plas, Adagio, Firewind and Elegy. The band's debut album, "Trance State", was recorded at "Bazement"- Studios near Frankfurt and released February 24, 2006 via LMP Records. According to the band, the album's lyrics were inspired by a volume of poetry by Klaus Kinski.
The second album, "Homeland", was recorded also at "Bazement"- Studios near Frankfurt and released August 28, 2009 via LMP Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19734956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734956" title="Otala lactea">
Otala lactea

Otala lactea, of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae the typical snails. Archaeological recovery at the Volubilis illustrates prehistoric exploitation of "O. lactea" by humans.
Synonyms include "Helix lactea" and "Iberus alonensis".
Distribution.
This species of snail is native to Europe and parts of North Africa. It has been introduced to the USA, including Arizona and Florida, and to Bermuda, Cuba, southeastern Australia.
Anatomy.
This snail creates and uses love darts as part of its courtship behaviour, prior to mating.

</doc>
<doc id="19734964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734964" title="Imagine Fashion Party">
Imagine Fashion Party

Imagine Fashion Party is a video game similar to "Imagine Fashion Designer". It is one of many Wii games to utilize the Wii Balance Board. A port of the game will be released for Kinect for Xbox 360.
Gameplay.
Players are challenged to design clothes and make-up ideas, before a panel of professional judges examines their efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="19734977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734977" title="Laurie Montgomery">
Laurie Montgomery

Laurence (Laurie) Edward Montgomery is a Canadian politician, who served as a Liberal Party Member of the Legislative Assembly in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1998 to 1999, representing the electoral district of Annapolis.
Political career.
He was elected in the 1998 provincial election. He defeated the Progressive Conservative candidate by 250 votes. Montgomery did not run again in the 1999 provincial election.

</doc>
<doc id="19734982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734982" title="List of San Diego Padres Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of San Diego Padres Opening Day starting pitchers

The San Diego Padres are a Major League Baseball (MLB) team based in San Diego, California. They play in the National League West division. The Padres first played their home games at San Diego Stadium, now called Qualcomm Stadium, and formerly called Jack Murphy Stadium, until , when they moved into PETCO Park. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Padres have used 24 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 42 seasons. The 24 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 15 wins, 14 losses and 13 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game.
The Padres' first Opening Day starting pitcher was Dick Selma, who received a win against the Houston Astros. Randy Jones, Eric Show and Jake Peavy tie the Padres' record for most Opening Day starts with four. Peavy has the most consecutive Opening Day starts with four. Jones and Andy Benes each have had three consecutive Opening Day starts. Benes has the most consecutive Opening Day losses with three from to . Peavy has been the Opening Day starting pitcher for the Padres since .
Overall, the Padres' Opening Day starting pitchers have a record of eight wins and five losses at, what was now known, Qualcomm Stadium, and two wins and one loss at PETCO Park. In addition, although the Padres were nominally the home team on Opening Day 1999, the game was played in Estadio de Beisbol Monterrey in Monterrey, Mexico. The Padres' Opening Day starting pitchers' combined home record is eleven wins and six losses, and their away record is four wins and eight losses. The Padres went on to play in the MLB post-season five times, winning the National League Championship Series (NLCS) in 1984 and 1998. In those five seasons, the Opening Day starting pitchers had a combined record of three wins and 0 losses.

</doc>
<doc id="19734989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734989" title="Zhangjiachuan Hui Autonomous County">
Zhangjiachuan Hui Autonomous County

The Zhangjiachuan Hui Autonomous County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Tianshui prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 741500, and in 1999 its population was 299,277 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19734991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19734991" title="Joan Luedders Wolfe">
Joan Luedders Wolfe

Joan Luedders Wolfe (born 1929) is an environmental activist, having founded the West Michigan Environmental Action Council and coordinated the passage of the landmark Michigan Environmental Protection Act of 1970. she was also active in the passage of the National Environmental Policy Act and the Inland Lakes and Streams Act of 1972.
She was appointed in 1973 to the Michigan Natural Resources Commission, the first woman on such a state commission; she eventually became chair. She also was a member of the first Natural Resources Trust Fund Board, and the Governor's Advisory Committee on Electric Energy Alternatives.
In 1996, she was one of the eight honorees of the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame, and holds an honorary Doctorate in Public Service from Western Michigan University. 
Joan Wolfe is author of the book "Making Things Happen: How to be an Effective Volunteer". Based on her experience in the environmental movement, Wolfe provides an assessment of volunteerism and outlines the basic skills which volunteers need to make a stronger impact. The book was published by Island Press in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19735094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735094" title="Gunstwerber">
Gunstwerber

Gunstwerber (or "Die Gunstwerber"; English: "Wooers of Favour"), Op. 4, is a waltz by Johann Strauss II.
It was first played on 15 October 1844 at Strauss' début as a composer in Dommayer's Casino in Hietzing, Vienna, along with several of Strauss' other works, such as the waltz "Sinngedichte" and the polka "Herzenslust". The music critic Ernst Décsey commented on Strauss' waltz: "As if singing had broken out from all three storeys of the house [...] the same charm, the same modest "piano", the same reverberating "forte" as the father. Basses rumble, intermediate parts woo, and the main violin theme vibrates across to the ladies."

</doc>
<doc id="19735113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735113" title="Qinzhou District">
Qinzhou District

Qinzhou (Chinese: , "Qínzhōu"), formerly romanized as Tsinchow, is an administrative district in Gansu province, People's Republic of China. It is one of 17 districts of Gansu. It is part of and the prefecture seat of Tianshui City. It is named for its former position as the seat of the medieval Chinese province of Qinzhou.
Qinzhou has an area of and a population of 655,400.

</doc>
<doc id="19735116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735116" title="Irina Nikolaeva">
Irina Nikolaeva

Irina Nikolaeva (born 26 September 1983) is a Russian figure skater. She placed 4th at the 1999 World Junior Figure Skating Championships. She twice was the first qualifier for the Junior Grand Prix Final, with a highest placement of fourth at the Final. At her senior international debut, the 1998 Skate Israel, she placed 6th. She placed 8th at the 2001 Finlandia Trophy.
Following her retirement from competitive skating, she toured professionally.

</doc>
<doc id="19735122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735122" title="Rough Chameleon">
Rough Chameleon

The rough chameleon, Trioceros rudis, also known as the Rudis chameleon, is a chameleon from western Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, and eastern DR Congo. Contrary to common belief, this species does not inhabit Mount Meru, Tanzania. Tanzania chameleons called "T. rudis" are in fact "T. sternfeldi". 
"T. rudis" is small () and lacks horns or occipital lobes. It has a long tail and a small crest.

</doc>
<doc id="19735132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735132" title="Atomic Cannon">
Atomic Cannon

Atomic Cannon is an artillery video game similar to the Atari 2600 game Artillery Duel. It was developed by Isotope244 and released in 2005.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is based on the seminal 1976 artillery game ""Artillery"" by Mike Forman.

</doc>
<doc id="19735145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735145" title="Maiji District">
Maiji District

The Maiji District is a district of the prefecture-level city of Tianshui in Gansu Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19735149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735149" title="Herzenslust">
Herzenslust

Herzenslust ("Heart's Content"), Op. 3, is a polka composed by Johann Strauss II in the fall of 1844 for his debut as a composer at the Dommayer's Casino establishment in Vienna. It was performed along with several of Strauss' other early compositions, such as the waltzes Sinngedichte and Gunstwerber, and the Debut-Quadrille. Reviewing Strauss' debut, the journal "Der Wanderer" noted that both the Debut-Quadrille and the Herzenslust Polka "are so piquant in their inspiration, and handled with such glittering effect in the instrumentation that we […] have to recognise and commend the bold and exuberant talent of Strauss Son."

</doc>
<doc id="19735156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735156" title="List of people from Bellingham, Washington">
List of people from Bellingham, Washington

The following is a list of notable Bellinghamsters, those people of recognition who have lived in or around Bellingham, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="19735161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735161" title="Euhadra amaliae">
Euhadra amaliae

Euhadra amaliae is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae.
Anatomy.
This species of snail makes and uses love darts as part of its mating behavior.
Distribution.
This snail is endemic to Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19735164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735164" title="Reijmerstok">
Reijmerstok

Reijmerstok () is a village in the municipality Gulpen-Wittem in the Dutch province of Limburg. It lies southwest of Gulpen and counts about 600 inhabitants. In the village several half timbered houses can be found. There also is a viaduct, which was part of the tramline between the Dutch city of Maastricht and the German city of Aachen that was in use from 1925 until 1938.
Near Reijmerstok hops are grown for the Gulpener Brewery.

</doc>
<doc id="19735181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735181" title="George Edward Cotterill">
George Edward Cotterill

George Edward Cotterill (born 28 July 1839 at Weilghery Hills, Madras, India; died 2 June 1913 at Cambridge) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
Cotterill was educated at Brighton College and St John's College, Cambridge. As a cricketer he was mainly associated with Cambridge University and Sussex, making 18 known appearances in first-class matches from 1858 to 1874.
His brother Joseph Cotterill played 37 first-class matches, mainly for Sussex, from 1870 to 1888. George Edward Cotterill's son was George Huth Cotterill, who also played for Cambridge University and Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="19735192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735192" title="Jingtai County">
Jingtai County

Jingtai County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Baiyin prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 730400, and its population in 1999 was 230,415 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735197" title="Live at the Albert">
Live at the Albert

"Robbie Williams: Live at the Albert" is a DVD that was released in December 2001 of the show performed on 10 October 2001; concert that Robbie Williams gave at Royal Albert Hall a month before the release of the album Swing When You're Winning. It has since been certified 6x Platinum in the United Kingdom and 2x Platinum in Germany.
After the end of the first song ("Have You Met Miss Jones?") he gave this emotive message:
The DVD included performances of nearly all of the songs from the album, with performances from Jonathan Wilkes, Jon Lovitz, and Jane Horrocks, as well as a live version of Robbie's 'duet' with Sinatra. Rupert Everett emceed, and Nicole Kidman attended the show, but neither performed their duets featured on the album ("They Can't Take That Away From Me" and "Somethin' Stupid", respectively); these were the only songs from the album which did not feature live. 
On 13 March 2007 (five years after the release), the concert was re-released in High Definition (both in Blu-ray and in HD DVD)

</doc>
<doc id="19735206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735206" title="Theodotus of Antioch">
Theodotus of Antioch

Theodotus, patriarch of Antioch (??–429), in A.D. 420 succeeded Alexander, under whom the long-standing schism at Antioch had been healed, and followed his lead in replacing the honoured name of Chrysostom on the diptychs of the church. He is described by Theodoret, at one time one of his presbyters, as "the pearl of temperance," "adorned with a splendid life and a knowledge of the divine dogmas". Joannes Moschus relates anecdotes illustrative of his meekness when treated rudely by his clergy, and his kindness on a journey in insisting on one of his presbyters exchanging his horse for the patriarch's litter. By his gentleness he brought back the Apollinarians to the church without rigidly insisting on their formal renouncement of their errors. On the real character of Pelagius's teaching becoming known in the East and the consequent withdrawal of the testimony previously given by the synods of Jerusalem and Caesarea to his orthodoxy, Theodotus presided at the final synod held at Antioch (mentioned only by Mercator and Photius, in whose text Theophilus of Alexandria has by an evident error taken Theodotus' place) at which Pelagius was condemned and expelled from Jerusalem and the other holy sites, and he joined with Praylius of Jerusalem in the synodical letters to Rome, stating what had been done. The most probable date of this synod is that given by Hefele: A.D. 424. When in 424 Alexander, founder of the order of the Acoemetae, visited Antioch, Theodotus refused to receive him as being suspected of heretical views. His feeling was not shared by the Antiochenes, who, ever eager after novelty, deserted their own churches and crowded to listen to Alexander's fervid eloquence. Theodotus took part in the ordination of Sisinnius as patriarch of Constantinople, in February 426, and united in the synodical letter addressed by the bishops then assembled to the bishops of Pamphylia against the Massalian heresy. He died in 429.

</doc>
<doc id="19735216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735216" title="Paul Brehm">
Paul Brehm

Paul Brehm is a researcher at the Vollum Institute at Oregon Health and Science University. He was formerly at Stony Brook University and played a key role in stimulating Martin Chalfie to work on Green fluorescent protein for which Chalfie shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry 2008.
Biography.
He graduated in zoology from the University of Wisconsin–Madison and earned his Ph.D. UCLA focusing on marine biology and bioluminescence under James Morin. Postgraduate training with Roger Eckert at UCLA and Yoshi Kidokoro at the Salk Institute focused on calcium channels and synaptic transmission. The next 10 years were spent as an associate professor in physiology at Tufts Medical School and summers at the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole. In 1990 he moved to Stony Brook University where he served as professor of Neurobiology and Behavior before taking a position as Senior Scientist at the Vollum in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19735228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735228" title="Mel Rosario">
Mel Rosario

Melvin Gregorio Rosario (born May 25, 1973 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball player. Rosario played for the Baltimore Orioles in the 1997 season. In four games, he had no hits in 3 at-bats, with one error at catcher. Rosario was a switch hitter and threw right-handed. 
He was signed by the San Diego Padres as an amateur free agent in 1991. He last played professionally in for the Atlantic City Surf of the Atlantic League.

</doc>
<doc id="19735236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735236" title="Huining County">
Huining County

Huining County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Baiyin prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 730700, and its population in 1999 was 569,599 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735237" title="The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World (short story)">
The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World (short story)

"The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World" is a 1968 science fiction short story by American writer Harlan Ellison. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1969.
Background.
According to Ellison, the story was intended as an experiment. It is not a sequential story but is written as though events were taking place on the rim of a wheel with everything coming together at the centre. The end result is that the structure of the story is difficult to analyse and only makes sense as a whole work.
Publication history.
The story was first published in the June 1968 edition of "Galaxy Science Fiction", and was collected with other Ellison short stories as the first story in "The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World" in 1969. Subsequent publications have been in collections such as "Dark Stars", edited by Robert Silverberg, in 1969, "The Hugo Winners: Volumes One and Two", edited by Isaac Asimov, in 1971, and as part of Ellison's own retrospective collection, "Edgeworks 4", in 1997.
Synopsis.
The story includes many seemingly unrelated threads told in omniscient narration, ultimately connecting them with offhand mentions and details. The threads can be categorized as: events on earth , events in an alien community known as the Concord, and descriptions of non-physical concepts.
Detailed Summary.
A man, William Sterog, goes on a killing spree. He poisons two hundred people with an insecticide stolen from a pest control man, kills a hundred people on a jet flight by means of a time bomb planted in his mother's suitcase, and shoots 44 people on the stadium with machine gun, before he is arrested.
In presumably the far future, an expedition from Earth discovers a new planet with a , statue on it. The statue has an alien but beatific face. The figure is wearing a toga and grasping a strange object. The narration notes that the statue's expression is the very same that Sterog had when the judge sentenced him to death at his final court hearing.
The narration then goes on to describe a concept known as "Crosswhen" which it described as possibilities, outcomes, distance and time all "beyond human thought."
Next, a violent and insane seven-headed dragon is captured and "drained" using a technique invented by an alien man named Semph. The dragon is described as being "crosswhen" to another subject referred to "as the maniac." The narration leaves it ambiguous to whether or not the maniac and the dragon are two distinct beings or perhaps even two distinct consciousness of the same mind. Semph talks with his rival, Linah, about the nature of the "draining." Semph argues that draining has possible consequence to others elsewhere while Linah, arguing on behalf of an community known as the Concord, argues that it is a necessary risk to insure their own survival. The dragon is drained and transformed into a man. Semph then reveals that he was sent the drained aspects ("dangerous essences") elsewhere, not contained in a tank as planned. He alludes to these elements as part of a unelaborated "field." A panicked Linah demands to know where the aspects have been sent to.
The next thread is extremely brief. It mentions the term: Djam Karet (roughly translated as "the hour that stretches"), which it then uses throughout the next thread.
The narration goes on to tell of the historical meeting between Pope Leo I and Attila the Hun in 452. The details of the meeting are uncertain, but the result was that Attila did not attack Rome as he had done to other cities. The narration notes that the city had been attacked forty years earlier by Alaric the Goth and three years later by King Gaiseric. The narration implies connection of these actions (and Attila's inaction) as connected to the "field" and the drained mind of the seven-headed-dragon with randomness through time (or Djam Karet).
Semph is tried by the Concord, and is sentenced to be executed for his actions during the draining. In a final conversation with Lina, the nature of the draining is revealed to be extraction and condensation of insanity into a vapor-like form, from organisms. The vapor is usually sent outside Concord's domain (referred to as "the center") and sent elsewhere (referred to as "out there"). While Semph was against this protocol for the possibility that it affected other races (ie. people on Earth), while Lina sided with it to safeguard the Concord. The field mentioned earlier, is a metaphysical entity pulses with violence and madness, the aliens beings of the Concord have been "draining" madness from their world and sending it to the Earth. As per tradition; after the execution, Lina builds a memorial for Semph which is implied to be the statue mentioned earlier.
The last thread deals with near-mad man, Friederich Drucker, who finds a box in the ruins of a city as he searching for food. He opens the box, releasing a wisp of purple violent smoke into the air, likely the vapor. The next day World War IV starts.
Reception.
The short story has been called a "marvelously effective meditation on the nature of evil" that weaves magic into its unpromising premise. As one of the stories that signalled Ellison's development into a thoughtful and mature fantasist and secured his reputation as a bold science-fiction innovator,
Other media connections.
Harlan Ellison plotted a story for Marvel Comics' "The Incredible Hulk" comic book, issue #140 (June 1971), under the title: "The Brute that Shouted Love at the Heart of the Atom".

</doc>
<doc id="19735238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735238" title="Gutian Congress">
Gutian Congress

The Gutian Congress or Gutian Conference (古田会议) was the 9th meeting of the Chinese Communist Party and the first after the Nanchang Uprising and subsequent southward flight of the insurrectionist troops. It was convened in December, 1929, at Gutian in Shanghang County, then in Tingzhou Prefecture (now for the most part Longyan Municipality) in western Fujian Province. 
Most of the delegates to this congress were army men (the insurrectionists having been renamed "the 4th Army of the Chinese Workers' & Peasants' Red Army"). Mao Zedong (毛泽东), voted out six months earlier but moving from his success at the little-known Jiaoyang Congress (also in Shanghang), addressed the "Zhu-Mao" 4th Army (朱毛四军) as its Comintern-anointed political commissar and chaired the congress. 
The Gutian Congress Resolution (古田会议决议), also titled "On Correcting Mistaken Ideas in the Party", has its ostensive source here. One of the selections from this significant text later included in Lin Biao's "Little Red Book" is as follows: 
It was thus that Mao greatly diminished the likelihood of further voting in the Red Army.
References.
"Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-tung", Lin Biao, ed., East is Red Publishing (Beijing, 1964, April), pp.309-11. 
http://www1.chinaculture.org/library/2003-09/24/content_33874.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19735244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735244" title="Longing for Dawn">
Longing for Dawn

Longing for Dawn is a funeral doom metal band based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada signed to Grau Records. The band has released three albums, the most recent of which is Between Elation and Despair, which was released in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19735245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735245" title="Gibraltar Savings and Loan">
Gibraltar Savings and Loan

Gibraltar Savings and Loan Association was a bank operating in California, Washington, and Florida. It was organized as a savings and loan. 
Overview.
Its headquarters building at 9111 Wilshire Boulevard in Beverly Hills, was built in 1951, designed by William Pereira.
U.S. federal regulators seized assets of the bank in 1989. Its assets included $13.4 billion and the Los Angeles Equestrian Center, later transferred to Del Ray, a Burbank-based development firm. At the time, it was one of the largest insolvencies in U.S. history. It was later acquired by Security Pacific National Bank, the fifth largest bank in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19735254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735254" title="Euhadra sandai">
Euhadra sandai

Euhadra sandai is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae.
Anatomy.
This species of snail makes and uses love darts as part of its mating behavior.
Distribution.
This snail is endemic to Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19735278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735278" title="Jingyuan County, Gansu">
Jingyuan County, Gansu

Jingyuan County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Baiyin prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 730600, and its population in 1999 was 460,963 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735294" title="COSCO Guangzhou">
COSCO Guangzhou

COSCO Guangzhou is a container ship, and one of the largest currently in service. She was built for Cosco Ship Management in 2006 at the company's shipyards. The ship has capacity for 9,500 TEU and mostly sails between the ports in China, India and Japan and those in Western Europe and the United States.
Design.
"COSCO Guangzhou" is 350 meters long, with a beam of 43 meters. The fully loaded draft is 11.50 meters, giving a deadweight tonnage of 107,000 metric tons, and a gross tonnage of 99,833 GT. The ship features several new design innovations, including a type of paint that decreases water resistance. The ship's Mitsubishi engines provide 52,650 hp, and a cruising speed of 24.5 knots. The fuel and lubricant oil consumption are 4% less than in a comparable ship. Her bridge equipment includes an Automatic Identification System (AIS), GPS, Differential GPS (dGPS), an Automatic Radar Plotting Aid (ARPA), and an Electronic chart system (ECDIS) for automatically plotting the ship's position against charts. Computerized systems also assist in loading and unloading the cargo.

</doc>
<doc id="19735319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735319" title="Hun Zhen">
Hun Zhen

Hun Zhen (渾瑊) (736 – January 1, 800), né Hun Jin (渾進), formally Prince Zhongwu of Xianning (咸寧忠武王), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty of Tiele extraction. He was most-well known for his battles to protect Emperor Dezong during Zhu Ci's rebellion.
Background and early service.
Hun Zhen (who was initially named Hun Jin, but who subsequently changed his name to Hun Zhen after he later became prominent) was born in 736, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His ancestors were chieftains of the Hun tribe (渾), one of the nine main constituent tribes of the Tiele Confederation. After the Tiele tribes largely submitted to Tang rule during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong's great-grandfather Emperor Taizong, the Hun tribe was incorporated as a border prefecture, the Gaolan Prefecture (臯蘭州). Hun Zhen's great-great-grandfather Hun Atanzhi (渾阿貪支) was given the title of prefectural prefect of Gaolan. His great-grandfather Hun Yuanqing (渾元慶), grandfather Hun Dashou (渾大壽), and father Hun Shizhi (渾釋之) all carried the title of commandant at Gaolan Prefecture.
Hun Shizhi served in the army at Tang's Shuofang Circuit (朔方, headquartered in modern Yinchuan, Ningxia) and, for his repeated accomplishments there, was made a general and created the Prince of Ningshuo. In 746, when Hun Zhen was 10, he began to follow his father on fall tours to defend the Tang border. His father's superior, the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Shuofang, Zhang Qiqiu (張齊丘), saw him, and jokingly asked him, "Did you come with your wet nurse?" Yet, even at his young age, he had battlefield accomplishments that year. In 748, he served under his father in defeating the Helu (賀魯) tribe and, by this point, he was said to be braver than the other soldiers in the army. When the ethnically Tujue general Li Xianzong (李獻忠) rebelled in 752, the military governor of Shuofang at that time, An Sishun, had Hun Zhen command troops against Li Xianzhong, and subsequently, he was promoted.
After the general An Lushan (An Sishun's cousin) rebelled at Fanyang (范陽, in modern Beijing) in 755 and soon established his own state of Yan, Hun Zhen served under Li Guangbi in attacking Yan territory north of the Yellow River. In one battle, he personally battled and killed a fierce Yan general, Li Lijie (李立節) and was subsequently made a general. After Emperor Xuanzong was forced to abandon the capital Chang'an in 756 and flee to Chengdu, Emperor Xuanzong's son and crown prince Li Heng was declared emperor at Lingwu (as Emperor Suzong). Hun led his troops to Lingwu to aid Emperor Suzong, and on the way, while marching through Tiande Base (天德軍, in modern Bayan Nur, Inner Mongolia), he defeated an incursion by a non-Han Chinese tribe. Subsequently, he served under the general Guo Ziyi in Emperor Suzong's campaign to recapture Chang'an and the eastern capital Luoyang from An Lushan's son and successor An Qingxu in 757. For these accomplishments, he received a series of honorary titles.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Later, in 762, during the reign of Emperor Suzong's son Emperor Daizong, Hun Zhen served under Pugu Huai'en in the final campaign that destroyed Yan's last emperor Shi Chaoyi, and fought innumerable battles during the campaign. For his accomplishments, he was given the honorific title "Kaifu Yitong Sansi" (開府儀同三司) and given 200 households in his fief.
In 764, after Pugu rebelled against Emperor Daizong, he had his son Pugu Yang (僕固瑒) and Hun lead troops in attacking Yuci (榆次, in modern Jinzhong, Shanxi). Pugu Yang was soon killed by his subordinates, however, and Hun resubmitted to the imperial government after that, again serving under Guo Ziyi. That year, his father Hun Shizhi died, but he was recalled from his mourning back to military service. In 765, during a major Tufan incursion, he fought the Tufan forces at Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi, inflicting many casualties on the Tufan troops and forcing them to withdraw. In 767, when Guo attacked Zhou Zhiguang (周智光), the rebellious military governor of Tonghua Circuit (同華, headquartered in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), Hun and Li Huaiguang served as the forward commanders, although Zhou's own subordinates killed him and surrendered before Guo's Shuofang army arrived.
In 773, during a major Tufan incursion, Guo put Hun in charge of commanding 5,000 men against the incursion, and he encountered Tufan forces at Yilu (宜祿, in modern Xianyang). He set up fences to try to stop Tufan cavalry advances, but his subordinates Shi Kang (史抗) and Wen Ruya (溫儒雅), who were more senior than he was, did not take his orders seriously; they removed the fences and charged the Tufan forces. When they could not penetrate through Tufan lines, Tufan forces counterattacked and routed Tang forces, killing over 80% of the Tang forces and capturing over 1,000 civilians. After Tufan forces defeated another Tang general, Ma Lin (馬璘), Hun, while apologizing to Guo for the defeat, asked for another chance. Guo had him head toward Chaona (朝那, in modern Guyuan, Ningxia), and he set up a trap for Tufan forces, defeating them and rescuing the Tang civilians who had been captured. Tufan forces then retreated. In 778, after Tang forces had some border conflicts with Huige forces, Guo put Hun in charge of defending Zhenwu Base (振武軍, in modern Hohhot, Inner Mongolia), on the border with Huige. Afterwards, Huige forces withdrew.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Before Zhu Ci's rebellion.
Emperor Daizong died in 779 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong. Emperor Dezong, believing that Guo Ziyi was too lax and had too large of a responsibility area, honored Guo as "Shangfu" (尚父, "like an imperial father") but stripped him of his commands. He divided Guo's responsibility area among Li Huaiguang, Hun Zhen, and Chang Qianguang (常謙光), making Hun the military governor of Zhenwu Circuit (振武, headquartered in modern Hohhot), governing the bases and prefectures on the northern border with Huige. Later in the year, however, when Cui Ning was made the military governor of Shuofang Circuit, Zhenwu was merged back into Cui's command, and Emperor Dezong recalled Hun to serve as a general of the imperial guards, as one of the two generals in charge of security at Chang'an. In 783, after Li Xilie, the military governor of Huaining Circuit (淮寧, headquartered in modern Xuchang, Henan) rebelled, Li Xilie forged letters from Hun, hoping to falsely implicate Hun in the rebellion. Hun defended himself against charges when the letters were intentionally left for imperial authorities to find, and Emperor Dezong, believing him, not only did not punish him but awarded him with a horse and silk, and made him part of the army staff against Li Xilie.
During Zhu Ci's rebellion.
In fall 783, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), at Chang'an to be deployed to the east, mutinied when they became angry that they did not get rewards from Emperor Dezong. Emperor Dezong was forced to flee to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang), and the mutineers supported the general Zhu Ci, who had been forced into retirement due to a rebellion by his brother Zhu Tao in 782, as their leader. Three days after Emperor Dezong arrived at Fengtian, Hun and his family members arrived at Fengtian as well, and it was said that due to his presence, Emperor Dezong's followers became calmed. Emperor Dezong made Hun the military governor of the Jingji (京畿, i.e., Chang'an and vicinity) and Weibei (渭北, i.e., the region north of the Wei River) regions, in charge of the troops that had followed Emperor Dezong to Fengtian.
Subsequently, Zhu Ci claimed the title of emperor of a new state of Qin, and he put Fengtian under siege. It was said that during the siege, Hun and Han Yougui (韓遊瓌) had to fight day and night without rest to fight off the Qin troops. With the siege continuing and Qin forces sieging Fengtian on three sides, but Fengtian's defenses holding, Emperor Dezong, apparently to reward Hun, added the Weinan (渭南, i.e., the region south of the Wei River) region, as well as Jin (金州, in modern Ankang, Shaanxi) and Shang (商州, in modern Shangluo, Shaanxi) Prefectures to his responsibility. At one point, the situation of Fengtian became so desperate that Emperor Dezong gave Hun the authorization to issue imperial edicts (i.e., if Emperor Dezong himself had become captured or killed) and said to him, "This is farewell to you, Lord." With Hun encouraging the troops, however, the troops fought off the Qin troops, which were eventually forced to lift the siege on Fengtian and return to Chang'an after Li Huaiguang arrived in the vicinity to save Emperor Dezong.
However, in the aftermaths of Fengtian's siege being lifted, Emperor Dezong offended Li Huaiguang by refusing to meet him and sending him, along with other generals Li Sheng, Li Jianhui (李建徽), and Yang Huiguang (楊惠光), toward Chang'an to combat Zhu. In spring 784, Li Huaiguang rebelled as well, and when Hun received the news, he put army accompanying Emperor Dezong on high alert and escorted Emperor Dezong safely to Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi). Eventually, though, with Li Huaiguang's subordinates turning against him, Li Huaiguang withdrew to Hezhong (河中, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi), allowing Li Sheng to prepare to attack Zhu. Emperor Dezong made Hun the military governor of Shuofang Circuit and gave him the honorary chancellor designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事). When Emperor Dezong bestowed these offices on Hun, he held an elaborate ceremony intended to emulate the ceremony that Emperor Gao of Han held for Han Xin when making Han the commander of his army. He sent Hun back to the Chang'an region to attack Zhu with Li Sheng and Han Yougui. In summer 784, the joint Tang forces recaptured Chang'an and forced Zhu to flee; Zhu was eventually killed in flight by his own subordinates, and Emperor Dezong returned to Chang'an.
After Zhu Ci's rebellion.
Before returning to Chang'an, Emperor Dezong made Hun Zhen "Shizhong" (侍中), the head of the examination bureau of government (門下省, "Menxia Sheng") and a post considered one for a chancellor. In the subsequent celebration of the victory of Zhu Ci, when Emperor Dezong was honoring the generals, Li Sheng was honored first, and Hun was honored second. Subsequently, Emperor Dezong made Hun the military governor of Hezhong Circuit, then under Li Huaiguang's control, intending to have him attack Li Huaiguang. He also created Hun the Prince of Xianning.
Hun, however, was initially not able to make much headway against Li Huaiguang, but after Ma Sui opened another front to Li Huaiguang's east, the imperial forces began to seize Li Huaiguang's territory bit by bit. By spring 785, Hun, Ma, and Han Yougui had joined forces and were approaching Hezhong. Li Huaiguang, facing defeat, committed suicide. Hun took over Li Huaiguang's troops and remained at Hezhong. Emperor Dezong made him acting "Sikong" (司空, one of the Three Excellencies).
In 787, during the middle of a major Tufan incursion, Li Sheng, Hun, and Ma all led forces against Tufan, but Tufan's chancellor Shang Jiezan (尚結贊) convinced Ma that he was interested in peace, and Emperor Dezong agreed to make peace despite Li Sheng's opposition. Per Shang's request, Emperor Dezong sent Hun, as his emissary, to meet Shang at Pingliangchuan (平涼川, in modern Pingliang). Li Sheng, fearing Tufan treachery, instructed Hun to be careful, but Zhang, hearing this, accused Li Sheng of interfering with the peace with Tufan. Emperor Dezong thus instructed Hun to be relaxes, not to aggravate Tufan in any way. On July 8, 787, at the meeting site, Shang laid a trap for Hun and launched a sudden attack, killing and capturing many of Hun's attendants, but Hun escaped. Subsequently, joining forces with Han and Luo Yuanguang (駱元光), they were able to hold off a Tufan assault on Chang'an. When Hun returned to Chang'an, he wore mourning clothes and apologized for the defeat, but Emperor Dezong had him change back into official uniform. For a few months, Hun remained in the region in case of another Tufan attack, but by winter 787, per Emperor Dezong's orders, he returned to Hezhong. He died on January 1, 800, and was mourned and buried with great honor.
It was said that Hun was studious, and understood the "Spring and Autumn Annals" and the "Book of Han" well. Imitating the style of the autobiography of Sima Qian (the author of the "Records of the Grand Historian"), he wrote a record of his own campaigns, in which he described his campaigns plainly without bragging. Despite his great accomplishments, he remained humble and careful in serving the emperor, and whenever he received imperial rewards, he would always kneel to receive them. The popular opinion at the time compared him to Jin Midi of Han Dynasty. After Zhu Ci's rebellion, Emperor Dezong often feared rebellions by generals and would often appease them by agreeing to all of their requests, but did not do so with Hun. Hun was pleased by this and stated, "The Emperor does not suspect me!"

</doc>
<doc id="19735322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735322" title="Yongdeng County">
Yongdeng County

Yongdeng County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Lanzhou prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 730300, and its population in 1999 was 501,587 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735336" title="Prince A960">
Prince A960

The Prince A960, also known as the "China Phone," is a Chinese-made phone available for sale in China and India. Advertised as a competitor to the iPhone, it features video and audio playback, bluetooth, a 3.0 inch, 240×320 pixel screen, microSD card slot, and also plays analog TV. Its speaker volume is reported to be much louder than the iPhone.
Features.
Some of the features include:

</doc>
<doc id="19735351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735351" title="Gaolan County">
Gaolan County

Gaolan County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Lanzhou prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 730200, and its population in 1999 was 170,151 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735360" title="Alfred Lowth">
Alfred Lowth

Alfred James "Dandy" Lowth (born 27 July 1817 in Chiswick, Middlesex; died 5 February 1907 in Winchester, Hampshire) was an English first-class cricketer with amateur status who was active from 1836 to 1841. His career was cut short because of failing eyesight. 
Lowth was a left arm fast bowler, using a roundarm action, who was recorded in 8 matches designated first-class by "CricketArchive". He totalled 101 runs with a highest score of 24 and held 3 catches. His bowling record was outstanding as he took 63 wickets in his eight games and twice achieved ten wickets in a match. Lowth played six times for Oxford University Cricket Club and also represented the Gentlemen twice in the Gentlemen v Players series.
Career.
Known as "Dandy", Lowth appeared for the Gentlemen in the 1836 match when still a pupil at Winchester College. He was only 5 feet 4 inches tall, which is small for a fast bowler but he was described as a "pocket Hercules". His action was described as "natural roundarm at the height of the shoulder" and, although a fast bowler, he put a lot of spin on the ball. A letter to "The Times" in 1919 quoted from the preface to John Wisden's book "Public School Matches": "Probably the greatest bowler who has ever hailed from Winchester was A. J. Lowth, who holds the unique record of having represented the Gentlemen of England v. the Players at Lord's whilst still a boy at school." A reply from Pelham Warner three days later indicated that Lowth's feat was achieved for a team of 18 Gentlemen against 11 Players, and "that Mr G. T. S. Stevens is entitled to the honour of having achieved a unique feat" in that he appeared in a full Gentlemen v Players game while still at school. Lowth played for Oxford for three seasons and made another appearance for the Gentlemen in 1841 but his career ended early due to failing eyesight.

</doc>
<doc id="19735367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735367" title="Yuzhong County">
Yuzhong County

Yuzhong County (榆中县) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Lanzhou prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 730100, and its population in 1999 was 423,336 people.
During the Jin Dynasty Yuzhong was a center of the Jinchen district located in the Yuzhong county (xian) in the Gansu province.

</doc>
<doc id="19735373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735373" title="Ugoki">
Ugoki

Ugoki is suburban town of Sialkot District on the Sialkot-Wazirabad Dual Carriageway. There is also a small railway station. It has large industrial area along the highway. A satellite town of Sialkot "Ugoki Model Town" is also located here. It is located at 32°29'0N 74°27'0E and has an altitude of 233m (767).
References.
Prominent Personalities of Ugoki are Rana Shamim Ahmed Khan(MNA), Rana Abdul Sattar(MPA) and Rana Mahmood Ahmed Khan(Chairman)
Sir Shahid Nadeem Computer Added Designer Eng.
S/O Muhammad Ashraf Mohhala Loharan Ugoki Sialkot
Cell # 0300-7142023
http://www.flickr.com/photos/sirshahidnadeem
http://www.flickr.com/photos/sirshahidnadeem1
http://www.flickr.com/photos/sirshahidnadeem2
http://www.facebook.com/sirshahidnadeem

</doc>
<doc id="19735387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735387" title="Impeachment (Norway)">
Impeachment (Norway)

In Norway, impeachment, also known as the Constitutional Court of the Realm (), is a judicial process with the power to convict Members of Parliament, Members of the Council of State and Supreme Court Justices for criminal acts performed in line of duty. Impeachment is based on the Constitution of Norway §§ 86 and 87. Parliament authorizes the impeachment process, which establishes a tribunal consisting of five members of the Supreme Court and six lay members appointed by the Parliament of Norway. Impeachment has been used eight times, the last case being held in 1927.
History.
Impeachment has been performed eight times in the history of the kingdom, and each time it has been aimed at members of the government. Six of the cases were in the period 1814–45. During the constitutional struggle in the last half of the 19th century impeachment became vital following the case against Selmer's Cabinet in 1883 and 1884, concerning the veto rights of the King in matters of the constitution. Prior to this case, impeachment was the only way for parliament to dismiss a member of the cabinet; after 1884 Norway got a system of parliamentarism, and parliament could dismiss a member of cabinet through a majority vote.
After the constitutional battle of 1884 was over, there was only one case, where Prime Minister Abraham Berge and six members of his cabinet were found not guilty in 1927. Since then impeachment has not been used, and is no longer considered part of the political game. Public commissions have since looked at reforming or removing impeachment, and transferring the institution to the ordinary courts. On 20 February 2007 the parliament voted to change the constitution such that the organization of impeachment becomes more potent, and changing the requirements so the lay members of the court are not current members of parliament.
Cases.
There have been eight cases of impeachment:
Structure.
Prior to the 2007 constitution change, the "Odelsting" chamber was to act as prosecutor and the "Lagting" chamber along with the supreme court was to act as the court. Ten members of the "Lagting" and five from the supreme court were to rule in the matter.
The constitutional change merged the two chambers, causing the process of impeachment also to be changed. The court would consist of eleven members, five from the supreme court and six lay members chosen by parliament for a period of six years. Current members of parliament are not eligible to serve, as they are presumed to have a conflict of interest in the matter. The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Norway is to lead the impeachment. The responsibility to act as prosecutor is held by the parliament, and is to be administrated by a parliamentary committee, "Stortingets ansvarskommisjon". The changes made impeachment a more viable threat to office holders should they breach their limitations.

</doc>
<doc id="19735395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735395" title="Henry Heller">
Henry Heller

Henry Heller (1841–December 14, 1895) was a Union Army sergeant during the American Civil War and a recipient of America's highest military decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions at the Battle of Chancellorsville in Virginia in May 1863.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation: 

</doc>
<doc id="19735401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735401" title="Sinngedichte">
Sinngedichte

Sinngedichte ("Poems of the Senses" or "Epigrams"), Op. 1, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in 1844 for his debut as a composer at Dommayer's Casino in Vienna. The waltz was played along with several other compositions that Strauss had written for the occasion, such as the waltz Gunstwerber and the polka Herzenslust. The waltz was an unprecedented success when first performed, and had to be repeated a record nineteen times.

</doc>
<doc id="19735407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735407" title="Zhenyuan County, Gansu">
Zhenyuan County, Gansu

Zhenyuan County () is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Qingyang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 744500, and its population in 1999 was 491,630 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735447" title="Ning County">
Ning County

Ning County or Ningxian (Chinese ) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Qingyang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 745200, and its population in 1999 was 505,660 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735464" title="2008–09 Taça de Portugal">
2008–09 Taça de Portugal

2008–09 Taça de Portugal was the 86th season of Portuguese football knockout tournament. The competition started on August 30, 2008 with the First Round and ended with the Final held in on May 31, 2009. The defending champions were Sporting.
First round.
In this round entered teams from second (3rd level) and third division (4th level). A number of teams received a bye to the Second Round: Fátima (III), União da Madeira (III), Abrantes (III), Lagoa (III), Torreense (III), Lusitânia dos Açores (IV), Marinhas (IV), Vila Meã (IV), Madalena (IV), Amares (IV), Mondinense (IV), Portosantense (IV), Fornos de Algodres (IV), Louletano (IV), Coimbrőes (IV), Cinfães (IV), Caldas (IV), Futebol Benfica (IV) and Académico Viseu (IV). The matches were played on August 30, 31, September 4, 6 and 7, 2008.
1Maia were disqualified from the competition.<br>Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2008–09 season.
Second round.
This round featured winners from the previous round, teams that received a bye in the First Round and all teams from Liga de Honra (2nd level). The matches were played on September 13 and 14, 2008.
1Abrantes were disqualified from the competition.<br>Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2008–09 season.
Third round.
In this round entered winners from the previous round as well as all teams from Portuguese Liga. The matches were played on October 18 and 19, 2008.
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2008–09 season.
Fourth round.
In this round entered winners from the previous round. The matches were played on November 8, 9 and 10, 2008.
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2008–09 season.
Fifth round.
In this round entered winners from the previous round. The matches were played on December 13 and 14, 2008.
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2008–09 season.
Quarterfinals.
The matches were played on January 28, 29 and February 17, 2009.
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2008–09 season.
Semifinals.
The draw was held on February 5, 2009. The first legs were played on March 3 and 22, 2009. The second legs was played on April 22, 2009.
Second legs.
"Paços de Ferreira won 5–4 on aggregate"
"Porto won 3–2 on aggregate"

</doc>
<doc id="19735477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735477" title="Zhengning County">
Zhengning County

Zhengning County is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Qingyang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 745300, and its population in 1999 was 225,043 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735485" title="349th Air Refueling Squadron">
349th Air Refueling Squadron

The 349th Air Refueling Squadron (349 ARS) is part of the 22d Air Refueling Wing at McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas. It operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions.
History.
Established as a B-17 Flying Fortress heavy bombardment squadron in mid-1942; trained initially under Third Air Force in the southeast, then transferring to Second Air Force in the Pacific Northwest. Operated as an Operational Training Unit (OTU) in the Midwest until being deployed to the European Theater of Operations (ETO), being assigned to VIII Bomber Command in England in June 1949.
Engaged in strategic bombardment operations over Occupied Europe and Germany, sustaining very heavy losses of personnel and aircraft while conducting many unescorted missions over enemy territory attacking airfields, industries, naval facilities and transportation hubs. During the summer of 1944, aircrews bombed enemy positions at Saint-Lô, followed by similar campaigns at Brest in August and September. In October 1944, the squadron attacked enemy and ground defenses in the allied drive on the Siegfried Line, then bombed marshaling yards, German occupied villages, and communication targets in the Ardennes during the Battle of the Bulge from December 1944 to January 1945. Attacked enemy targets in Germany during the spring of 1945, ending combat operations with the German Capitulation in May 1945.
Remained in Europe as part of the United States Air Forces in Europe occupation forces, dropping food to the people in the west of the Netherlands, and in June transported French Allied former prisoners of war from Austria to France. Demobilizing in England, in December 1945 the squadron inactivated as a paper unit.
Activated in the Reserves in 1947 at Miami Airport, Florida. Unclear whether or not the unit was manned or equipped; inactivated in 1949 due to budget restrictions. Reactivated under Strategic Air Command received new, swept wing B-47 Stratojets in 1956 which were designed to carry nuclear weapons and to penetrate Soviet air defenses with its high operational ceiling and near supersonic speed. The squadron flew the B-47 for about a decade when by the mid-1960s it had become obsolescent and vulnerable to new Soviet air defenses. The squadron began to send its stratojets to AMARC at Davis-Monthan AFB for retirement in 1965, the last being retired in 1966, one of the last B-47 Squadrons. 
Redesignated as a strategic reconnaissance from, 1966–1976. The squadron flew air refueling in support of the SR-71 Blackbird from, 1976–1990 and provided cargo and air refueling support to combat units in Southwest Asia from, August 1990–March 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19735488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735488" title="Bernt Evens">
Bernt Evens

Bernt Evens (born 9 November 1978) is a retired Belgian professional footballer who played for Cercle Brugge and Club Brugge, as a defender.
On 22 June 2013 he began at Cercle Brugge as account manager.
Career.
Born in Neerpelt, Evens has played for Genk, Maasland, Antwerp, Westerlo and Club Brugge.

</doc>
<doc id="19735497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735497" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 33">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 33

The 33rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19735507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735507" title="Huan County">
Huan County

Huan County or Huanxian is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China. It is one of 58 counties of Gansu. It is part of the Qingyang prefecture, with the city of the same name being the prefecture seat. Its postal code is 745700, and its population in 1999 was 332,607 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19735528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735528" title="Tommy Boggs">
Tommy Boggs

Thomas Winton Boggs (born October 25, 1955) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Boggs pitched in all or part of nine seasons in Major League Baseball between 1976 and 1985.
Boggs was the 2nd overall pick in the 1974 Major League Baseball Draft, drafted out of Lanier High School in Austin, Texas by the Texas Rangers. He started his major league career with the Rangers, and ended it with them as well. In between, he pitched six seasons for the Atlanta Braves.
On May 1, 1978, in a game versus the New York Mets, Braves manager Bobby Cox was ejected from a game for the first time in his career. Cox would go on to set the record for most ejections by a manager. Tommy Boggs was the pitcher on the mound at the time of the first ejection.
Tommy Boggs was formally introduced as the Concordia University Texas Tornados head baseball coach on May 14, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19735535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735535" title="List of conga players">
List of conga players

Conga players perform on a tall, narrow, single-headed Cuban drum of African origin called the Tumbadora, or the Conga as it is internationally known. It is probably derived from the Congolese Makuta drums or Sikulu drums commonly played in Mbanza Ngungu, Congo.
Originally a person who plays tumbadoras is called a "tumbador" but ever since they began using the name "conga", a man who plays conga is called a "conguero" and a woman who plays conga is called "conguera". Other common terms are "timbero" and "timbera", or "rumbero" and "rumbera" if one plays congas in rumba setting.
Although ultimately derived from African drums made from hollowed logs, the Cuban conga can be staved like a barrel, shaped as one solid piece as from a hollowed log. Some are now made from fiberglass or other synthetic materials. Congas were originally made from salvaged barrels.
They were used both in Afro-Caribbean religious music and as the principal instrument in Rumba. Congas are now very common in Latin American music, including salsa music, as well as many other forms of American popular music.
Originally it was played only using one drum; now it is common to see two, three, or four drums. Some congueros such as Giovanni Hidalgo play up to six or seven drums.
Notable conga players include these:
Cuban
Cuban American
Puerto Rican
Puerto Rican American
African American
Mexican-Chicano American
American
Panamanian American
Chilean American
Mexican
Colombian
Peruvian
Costa Rican
Nicaraguan
Venezuelan

</doc>
<doc id="19735537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735537" title="Five Dragon Pool">
Five Dragon Pool

The Five Dragon Pool () is a 
culturally significant pond fed by artesian 
karst springs in the city of Jinan, Shandong 
Province, China. It is one of the best known springs among the 72 famous springs of Jinan. 
The spring that supplies the water for the Five Dragon Pool belongs to 
a group of springs that also contains 28 other springs, such as the 
Tianjing Spring, Seventy-three Spring, Ximizhi Spring, Dongmizhi 
Spring, Yueya Spring, Jing Spring, and the Congming Spring. The 
water of the Five Dragon Spring originates from the deepest 
circulation of all the springs in Jinan City. 
Legend links the Five Dragon Pool to the Tang Dynasty general 
Qin Shubao, whose residence is said to have stood at the 
site. According to the legend, the spring pool formed after torrential 
rains that submersed Qin Shubao's home. 
In 1985, the Five Dragon Pool Public Park () was established and the garden landscape surrounding the springs was restored
Location.
The Five Dragon Pool is located to the west of the historical city 
center of Jinan and to the north of the Baotu Spring. The street 
address of the park is No. 18 Kuangshi Street, Shizhong District, 
Jinan City, Peoples Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19735542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735542" title="People's Federative Party (Bulgarian Section)">
People's Federative Party (Bulgarian Section)

The People's Federative Party (Bulgarian Section) () was an ethnic Bulgarian political party in the Ottoman Empire, created after the Young Turk Revolution, by members of the Internal Macedonian Adrianople Revolutionary Organization (IMARO). The party functioned for one year from August 1909 until August 1910. Its main political rival was the Union of the Bulgarian Constitutional Clubs.
Origins.
The Kyustendil congress of IMARO in 1908 led to a disintegration of the organization - Yane Sandanski and Hristo Chernopeev contacted the Young Turks and started legal operation. After the disintegration of IMARO, the two first tried to set up the Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization (MARO). Initially, the group developed only propaganda activities, until Sandanski was injured by Tane Nikolov on September 24, 1908, in an attempt for the former's life. Later, the congress for MARO's official inauguration failed. Sandanski and Chernopeev abandoned the idea of MARO, and they started to work towards a creation of the Peoples' Federative Party. On July 18, 1909, Sandaski proclaimed the "Manifesto to all peoples in the empire", a work probably written by Dimo Hadzhidimov. In 1909 the group around Sandanski and Chernopeev participated in the rally of the Young Turks to Istanbul that led to the deposition of sultan Abdul Hamid II from the throne.
Inauguration.
The inauguration meeting of the party was held from August 3 to August 10, 1909 in cafe "Spledit Palace" in Solun. The representatives of 15 local organization attended the congress - H. Yankov and Dimitar Vlahov - Solun, H. Mendikarov and T. Klifov - Gorni Poroy, Stoyko Hadzhiev and Iliya Bizhev - Valovishta, Yane Sandanski and Georgi Kazepov - Melnik, S. Pashkulov and A. Bozhikov - Nevrokop, D.Koshtanov and G. Zahariev - Gorna Dzhumaya, G. Ognyanov - Maleshevsko, K. Samardzhiev and Hristo Chernopeev - Strumitsa, Pande Popmanushev - Petrich, M Goshev and D. Miraschiev - Veles, D. Daskalov and L. Lazarov - Tikvesh, I. Ilyukliev and N. Petrov - Kukush, I. Manolev - Bitolya, Y. Shurkov and F. Bayruaktarov - Skopje, Georgi Strizhovski and Elzov - Razlog, Spasov and Stambonliev - Ser, Todor Panitsa - Drama, A. Kirov - the region around Adrianople, B. Hristov - Dolni Poroy and G. Mihov - Ohrid.
As it is described in some of the party's official documents, it stood behind "the interests of the majority of the Bulgarian population - land owners that do not get state support, small land owners, craftsmen and small merchants." A major goal of the organization was the reform of the Ottoman Empire into a federation, which included a creation of autonomous vilaets in Macedonia, Albania, Armenia. Six committees were organized throughout the party's existence. The party's agenda was maintained by a committee that included Sandanski, Dimitar Vlahov, Dimitar Kostanov and I. Manolov. The party's central committee consisted of A. Matliev, Dimitar Vlahov and H. Yankov, and with advisors Aleksandar Buynov, D. Daskalov, Dimitar Kostanov, Yane Sandanski, Hristo Chernopeev and Y. Shurkov.
Activity.
As deputees of the PFP (Bulgarian Section) were voted Dimitar Vlahov and Hristo Dalchev. Dimitar Vlahov was also the chief editor of the newspaper "Narodna Volya" (Peoples' Will). Dimo Hadzhidimov organized the newspaper "Konstitutsionna Zarya" (Constitutional Reveille), which was issued in Turkish, French and Bulgarian. There was a rift within the party on the role of the Bulgarian Exarchate. The Young Turks expressed desires for its abolition. Yane Sandanski was personally involved in the defense of the church. The newspaper "Rabotnicheska Iskra" (Worker's Spark), organized by Vasil Glavinov described the two rivaling ethnic Bulgarian parties in the Ottoman Empire at the time, the PFP (Bulgarian Section) and the Union of the Bulgarian Constitutional Clubs. According to the newspaper, both of the parties, the former a defender of the poorer Bourgeois, the latter - of the richer, were nationalist and were led by desires of unification with Bulgaria. The regions in which PFP (Bulgarian Section) was most popular were in and around Strumitsa, Ser and Drama.
Dissolution.
In January 1910 Hristo Chernopeev and some of his followers left the party and founded the Bulgarian People's Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization. Around the same the central committee, led by Dimitar Vlahov, voted Yane Sandanski out of the organization. A new central committee was formed with Dr. H. Tenchev as its president and members D. Miraschiev, Chudomir Kantardzhiev, Aleksandar Buynov and Atanas Spasov. In August 1910 the party was banned by the Ottoman authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="19735545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735545" title="Phil Barney">
Phil Barney

Phil Barney (real name : Philippe Baranés, born on February 2, 1957, in Annaba, Algeria) is a French singer-songwriter. He was particularly successful with his 1987 song "Un Enfant de toi".
Biography.
In the 1980s, Phil Barney had several success on the French Singles Chart, including the big hit "Un Enfant de toi", his first single, which was a number three hit in November 1987. "Avec qui tu vis", "Tellement je pense à toi", "Il est parti" and "Loin de tes bras" were among his other singles, but they achieved a moderate success in comparison with his debut single. Most of his songs are pop ballads related with romantic themes. However, throughout his career, Barney changed his musical style and also recorded rap songs.
He published several studio albums, but the last ones passed almost unnoticed. In 2002, he covered his 1987 hit in a duet version with Marlène Duval and obtained a huge success since the song became a number-one single, but this notoriety remained temporary and he fell again into anonymity after this come back.

</doc>
<doc id="19735546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19735546" title="Roy Meeus">
Roy Meeus

Roy Meeus (born 24 May 1989) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Dessel Sport as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Lommel, Meeus has played for KVSK United, Club Brugge, Dender and Lommel United.

</doc>
