<doc id="19723734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723734" title="Muscle">
Muscle

Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals. Muscle cells contain protein filaments of actin and myosin that slide past one another, producing a contraction that changes both the length and the shape of the cell. Muscles function to produce force and motion. They are primarily responsible for maintaining and changing posture, locomotion, as well as movement of internal organs, such as the contraction of the heart and the movement of food through the digestive system via peristalsis.
Muscle tissues are derived from the mesodermal layer of embryonic germ cells in a process known as myogenesis. There are three types of muscle, skeletal or striated, cardiac, and smooth. Muscle action can be classified as being either voluntary or involuntary. Cardiac and smooth muscles contract without conscious thought and are termed involuntary, while the skeletal muscles contract upon command. Skeletal muscles in turn can be divided into fast and slow twitch fibers.
Muscles are predominantly powered by the oxidation of fats and carbohydrates, but anaerobic chemical reactions are also used, particularly by fast twitch fibers. These chemical reactions produce adenosine triphosphate (ATP) molecules which are used to power the movement of the myosin heads.
The term muscle is derived from the Latin "musculus" meaning "little mouse" perhaps because of the shape of certain muscles or because contracting muscles look like mice moving under the skin.
Anatomy.
The anatomy of muscles includes gross anatomy, which comprises all the muscles of an organism, and microanatomy, which comprises the structures of a single muscle.
Types of tissue.
Muscle tissue is a soft tissue, and is one of the four fundamental types of tissue present in animals. There are three types of muscle tissue recognized in vertebrates:
Cardiac and skeletal muscles are "striated" in that they contain sarcomeres that are packed into highly regular arrangements of bundles; the myofibrils of smooth muscle cells are not arranged in sarcomeres and so are not striated. While the sarcomeres in skeletal muscles are arranged in regular, parallel bundles, cardiac muscle sarcomeres connect at branching, irregular angles (called intercalated discs). Striated muscle contracts and relaxes in short, intense bursts, whereas smooth muscle sustains longer or even near-permanent contractions.
Skeletal (voluntary) muscle is further divided into two broad types: "slow twitch" and "fast twitch":
The density of mammalian skeletal muscle tissue is about 1.06 kg/liter. This can be contrasted with the density of adipose tissue (fat), which is 0.9196 kg/liter. This makes muscle tissue approximately 15% denser than fat tissue.
Histogenesis.
All muscles are derived from paraxial mesoderm. The paraxial mesoderm is divided along the embryo's length into somites, corresponding to the segmentation of the body (most obviously seen in the vertebral column. Each somite has 3 divisions, sclerotome (which forms vertebrae), dermatome (which forms skin), and myotome (which forms muscle). The myotome is divided into two sections, the epimere and hypomere, which form epaxial and hypaxial muscles, respectively.The only epaxial muscles in humans are the erector spinae and small intervertebral muscles, and are innervated by the dorsal rami of the spinal nerves. All other muscles, including those of the limbs are hypaxial, and inervated by the ventral rami of the spinal nerves.
During development, myoblasts (muscle progenitor cells) either remain in the somite to form muscles associated with the vertebral column or migrate out into the body to form all other muscles. Myoblast migration is preceded by the formation of connective tissue frameworks, usually formed from the somatic lateral plate mesoderm. Myoblasts follow chemical signals to the appropriate locations, where they fuse into elongate skeletal muscle cells.
Microanatomy.
Skeletal muscles are sheathed by a tough layer of connective tissue called the epimysium. The epimysium anchors muscle tissue to tendons at each end, where the epimysium becomes thicker and collagenous. It also protects muscles from friction against other muscles and bones. Within the epimysium are multiple bundles called fascicles, each of which contains 10 to 100 or more muscle fibers collectively sheathed by a perimysium. Besides surrounding each fascicle, the perimysium is a pathway for nerves and the flow of blood within the muscle. The threadlike muscle fibers are the individual muscle cells (myocytes), and each cell is encased within its own endomysium of collagen fibers. Thus, the overall muscle consists of fibers (cells) that are bundled into fascicles, which are themselves grouped together to form muscles. At each level of bundling, a collagenous membrane surrounds the bundle, and these membranes support muscle function both by resisting passive stretching of the tissue and by distributing forces applied to the muscle. Scattered throughout the muscles are muscle spindles that provide sensory feedback information to the central nervous system. (This grouping structure is analogous to the organization of nerves which uses epineurium, perineurium, and endoneurium).
This same bundles-within-bundles structure is replicated within the muscle cells. Within the cells of the muscle are myofibrils, which themselves are bundles of protein filaments. The term "myofibril" should not be confused with "myofiber", which is a simply another name for a muscle cell. Myofibrils are complex strands of several kinds of protein filaments organized together into repeating units called sarcomeres. The striated appearance of both skeletal and cardiac muscle results from the regular pattern of sarcomeres within their cells. Although both of these types of muscle contain sarcomeres, the fibers in cardiac muscle are typically branched to form a network. Cardiac muscle fibers are interconnected by intercalated discs, giving that tissue the appearance of a syncytium.
The filaments in a sarcomere are composed of actin and myosin.
Gross anatomy.
The gross anatomy of a muscle is the most important indicator of its role in the body. There is an important distinction seen between pennate muscles and other muscles. In most muscles, all the fibers are oriented in the same direction, running in a line from the origin to the insertion. However, In pennate muscles, the individual fibers are oriented at an angle relative to the line of action, attaching to the origin and insertion tendons at each end. Because the contracting fibers are pulling at an angle to the overall action of the muscle, the change in length is smaller, but this same orientation allows for more fibers (thus more force) in a muscle of a given size. Pennate muscles are usually found where their length change is less important than maximum force, such as the rectus femoris.
Skeletal muscle is arranged in discrete muscles, an example of which is the "biceps brachii" (biceps). The tough, fibrous epimysium of skeletal muscle is both connected to and continuous with the tendons. In turn, the tendons connect to the periosteum layer surrounding the bones, permitting the transfer of force from the muscles to the skeleton. Together, these fibrous layers, along with tendons and ligaments, constitute the deep fascia of the body.
Muscular system.
The muscular system consists of all the muscles present in a single body. There are approximately 650 skeletal muscles in the human body, but an exact number is difficult to define. The difficulty lies partly in the fact that different sources group the muscles differently and partly in that some muscles, such as palmaris longus, are not always present.
The muscular system is one component of the musculoskeletal system, which includes not only the muscles but also the bones, joints, tendons, and other structures that permit movement.
Physiology.
The three types of muscle (skeletal, cardiac and smooth) have significant differences. However, all three use the movement of actin against myosin to create contraction. In skeletal muscle, contraction is stimulated by electrical impulses transmitted by the nerves, the motoneurons (motor nerves) in particular. Cardiac and smooth muscle contractions are stimulated by internal pacemaker cells which regularly contract, and propagate contractions to other muscle cells they are in contact with. All skeletal muscle and many smooth muscle contractions are facilitated by the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.
Function.
The action a muscle generates is determined by the origin and insertion locations. The cross-sectional area of a muscle (rather than volume or length) determines the amount of force it can generate by defining the number of sarcomeres which can operate in parallel. The amount of force applied to the external environment is determined by lever mechanics, specifically the ratio of in-lever to out-lever. For example, moving the insertion point of the biceps more distally on the radius (farther from the joint of rotation) would increase the force generated during flexion (and, as a result, the maximum weight lifted in this movement), but decrease the maximum speed of flexion. Moving the insertion point proximally (closer to the joint of rotation) would result in decreased force but increased velocity. This can be most easily seen by comparing the limb of a mole to a horse - in the former, the insertion point is positioned to maximize force (for digging), while in the latter, the insertion point is positioned to maximize speed (for running).
Energy consumption.
Muscular activity accounts for much of the body's energy consumption. All muscle cells produce adenosine triphosphate (ATP) molecules which are used to power the movement of the myosin heads. Muscles conserve energy in the form of creatine phosphate which is generated from ATP and can regenerate ATP when needed with creatine kinase. Muscles also keep a storage form of glucose in the form of glycogen. Glycogen can be rapidly converted to glucose when energy is required for sustained, powerful contractions. Within the voluntary skeletal muscles, the glucose molecule can be metabolized anaerobically in a process called glycolysis which produces two ATP and two lactic acid molecules in the process (note that in aerobic conditions, lactate is not formed; instead pyruvate is formed and transmitted through the citric acid cycle). Muscle cells also contain globules of fat, which are used for energy during aerobic exercise. The aerobic energy systems take longer to produce the ATP and reach peak efficiency, and requires many more biochemical steps, but produces significantly more ATP than anaerobic glycolysis. Cardiac muscle on the other hand, can readily consume any of the three macronutrients (protein, glucose and fat) aerobically without a 'warm up' period and always extracts the maximum ATP yield from any molecule involved. The heart, liver and red blood cells will also consume lactic acid produced and excreted by skeletal muscles during exercise.
At rest, skeletal muscle consumes 54.4 kJ/kg (13.0 kcal/kg) per day. This is larger than adipose tissue (fat) at 18.8 kJ/kg (4.5 kcal/kg), and bone at 9.6 kJ/kg (2.3 kcal/kg).
Nervous control.
Efferent leg.
The efferent leg of the peripheral nervous system is responsible for conveying commands to the muscles and glands, and is ultimately responsible for voluntary movement. Nerves move muscles in response to voluntary and autonomic (involuntary) signals from the brain. Deep muscles, superficial muscles, and internal muscles all correspond with dedicated regions in the primary motor cortex of the brain, directly anterior to the central sulcus that divides the frontal and parietal lobes.
In addition, muscles react to reflexive nerve stimuli that do not always send signals all the way to the brain. In this case, the signal from the afferent fiber does not reach the brain, but produces the reflexive movement by direct connections with the efferent nerves in the spine. However, the majority of muscle activity is volitional, and the result of complex interactions between various areas of the brain.
Nerves that control skeletal muscles in mammals correspond with neuron groups along the primary motor cortex of the brain's cerebral cortex. Commands are routed though the basal ganglia and are modified by input from the cerebellum before being relayed through the pyramidal tract to the spinal cord and from there to the motor end plate at the muscles. Along the way, feedback, such as that of the extrapyramidal system contribute signals to influence muscle tone and response.
Deeper muscles such as those involved in posture often are controlled from nuclei in the brain stem and basal ganglia.
Afferent leg.
The afferent leg of the peripheral nervous system is responsible for conveying sensory information to the brain, primarily from the sense organs like the skin. In the muscles, the muscle spindles convey information about the degree of muscle length and stretch to the central nervous system to assist in maintaining posture and joint position. The sense of where our bodies are in space is called proprioception, the perception of body awareness. More easily demonstrated than explained, proprioception is the "unconscious" awareness of where the various regions of the body are located at any one time. This can be demonstrated by anyone closing their eyes and waving their hand around. Assuming proper proprioceptive function, at no time will the person lose awareness of where the hand actually is, even though it is not being detected by any of the other senses.
Several areas in the brain coordinate movement and position with the feedback information gained from proprioception. The cerebellum and red nucleus in particular continuously sample position against movement and make minor corrections to assure smooth motion.
Efficiency.
The efficiency of human muscle has been measured (in the context of rowing and cycling) at 18% to 26%. The efficiency is defined as the ratio of mechanical work output to the total metabolic cost, as can be calculated from oxygen consumption. This low efficiency is the result of about 40% efficiency of generating ATP from food energy, losses in converting energy from ATP into mechanical work inside the muscle, and mechanical losses inside the body. The latter two losses are dependent on the type of exercise and the type of muscle fibers being used (fast-twitch or slow-twitch). For an overall efficiency of 20 percent, one watt of mechanical power is equivalent to 4.3 kcal per hour. For example, one manufacturer of rowing equipment calibrates its rowing ergometer to count burned calories as equal to four times the actual mechanical work, plus 300 kcal per hour, this amounts to about 20 percent efficiency at 250 watts of mechanical output. The mechanical energy output of a cyclic contraction can depend upon many factors, including activation timing, muscle strain trajectory, and rates of force rise & decay. These can be synthesized experimentally using work loop analysis.
Strength.
A display of "strength" (e.g. lifting a weight) is a result of three factors that overlap: physiological strength (muscle size, cross sectional area, available crossbridging, responses to training), neurological strength (how strong or weak is the signal that tells the muscle to contract), and mechanical strength (muscle's force angle on the lever, moment arm length, joint capabilities).
Physiological strength.
Vertebrate muscle typically produces approximately of force per square centimeter of muscle cross-sectional area when isometric and at optimal length. Some invertebrate muscles, such as in crab claws, have much longer sarcomeres than vertebrates, resulting in many more sites for actin and myosin to bind and thus much greater force per square centimeter at the cost of much slower speed. The force generated by a contraction can be measured non-invasively using either mechanomyography or phonomyography, be measured in vivo using tendon strain (if a prominent tendon is present), or be measured directly using more invasive methods.
The strength of any given muscle, in terms of force exerted on the skeleton, depends upon length, shortening speed, cross sectional area, pennation, sarcomere length, myosin isoforms, and neural activation of motor units. Significant reductions in muscle strength can indicate underlying pathology, with the chart at right used as a guide.
The "strongest" human muscle.
Since three factors affect muscular strength simultaneously and muscles never work individually, it is misleading to compare strength in individual muscles, and state that one is the "strongest". But below are several muscles whose strength is noteworthy for different reasons.
Health.
Humans are genetically predisposed with a larger percentage of one type of muscle group over another. An individual born with a greater percentage of Type I muscle fibers would theoretically be more suited to endurance events, such as triathlons, distance running, and long cycling events, whereas a human born with a greater percentage of Type II muscle fibers would be more likely to excel at anaerobic events such as a 200 meter dash, or weightlifting. 
Exercise.
Exercise is often recommended as a means of improving motor skills, fitness, muscle and bone strength, and joint function. Exercise has several effects upon muscles, connective tissue, bone, and the nerves that stimulate the muscles. One such effect is muscle hypertrophy, an increase in size. This is used in bodybuilding.
Various exercises require a predominance of certain muscle fiber utilization over another. Aerobic exercise involves long, low levels of exertion in which the muscles are used at well below their maximal contraction strength for long periods of time (the most classic example being the marathon). Aerobic events, which rely primarily on the aerobic (with oxygen) system, use a higher percentage of Type I (or slow-twitch) muscle fibers, consume a mixture of fat, protein and carbohydrates for energy, consume large amounts of oxygen and produce little lactic acid. Anaerobic exercise involves short bursts of higher intensity contractions at a much greater percentage of their maximum contraction strength. Examples of anaerobic exercise include sprinting and weight lifting. The anaerobic energy delivery system uses predominantly Type II or fast-twitch muscle fibers, relies mainly on ATP or glucose for fuel, consumes relatively little oxygen, protein and fat, produces large amounts of lactic acid and can not be sustained for as long a period as aerobic exercise. Many exercises are partially aerobic and partially anaerobic; for example, soccer involves a combination of both.
The presence of lactic acid has an inhibitory effect on ATP generation within the muscle; though not producing fatigue, it can inhibit or even stop performance if the intracellular concentration becomes too high. However, long-term training causes neovascularization within the muscle, increasing the ability to move waste products out of the muscles and maintain contraction. Once moved out of muscles with high concentrations within the sarcomere, lactic acid can be used by other muscles or body tissues as a source of energy, or transported to the liver where it is converted back to pyruvate. In addition to increasing the level of lactic acid, strenuous exercise causes the loss of potassium ions in muscle and causing an increase in potassium ion concentrations close to the muscle fibres, in the interstitium. Acidification by lactic acid may allow recovery of force so that acidosis may protect against fatigue rather than being a cause of fatigue.
Delayed onset muscle soreness is pain or discomfort that may be felt one to three days after exercising and generally subsides two to three days later. Once thought to be caused by lactic acid build-up, a more recent theory is that it is caused by tiny tears in the muscle fibers caused by eccentric contraction, or unaccustomed training levels. Since lactic acid disperses fairly rapidly, it could not explain pain experienced days after exercise.
Hypertrophy.
Independent of strength and performance measures, muscles can be induced to grow larger by a number of factors, including hormone signaling, developmental factors, strength training, and disease. Contrary to popular belief, the number of muscle fibres cannot be increased through exercise. Instead, muscles grow larger through a combination of muscle cell growth as new protein filaments are added along with additional mass provided by undifferentiated satellite cells alongside the existing muscle cells. Muscle fibres have a limited capacity for growth through hypertrophy and some believe they split through hyperplasia if subject to increased demand. 
Biological factors such as age and hormone levels can affect muscle hypertrophy. During puberty in males, hypertrophy occurs at an accelerated rate as the levels of growth-stimulating hormones produced by the body increase. Natural hypertrophy normally stops at full growth in the late teens. As testosterone is one of the body's major growth hormones, on average, men find hypertrophy much easier to achieve than women. Taking additional testosterone or other anabolic steroids will increase muscular hypertrophy.
Muscular, spinal and neural factors all affect muscle building. Sometimes a person may notice an increase in strength in a given muscle even though only its opposite has been subject to exercise, such as when a bodybuilder finds her left biceps stronger after completing a regimen focusing only on the right biceps. This phenomenon is called cross education.
Atrophy.
Inactivity and starvation in mammals lead to atrophy of skeletal muscle, a decrease in muscle mass that may be accompanied by a smaller number and size of the muscle cells as well as lower protein content. Muscle atrophy may also result from the natural aging process or from disease.
In humans, prolonged periods of immobilization, as in the cases of bed rest or astronauts flying in space, are known to result in muscle weakening and atrophy. Atrophy is of particular interest to the manned spaceflight community, since the weightlessness experienced in spaceflight results is a loss of as much as 30% of mass in some muscles. Such consequences are also noted in small hibernating mammals like the golden-mantled ground squirrels and brown bats.
During aging, there is a gradual decrease in the ability to maintain skeletal muscle function and mass, known as sarcopenia. The exact cause of sarcopenia is unknown, but it may be due to a combination of the gradual failure in the "satellite cells" which help to regenerate skeletal muscle fibers, and a decrease in sensitivity to or the availability of critical secreted growth factors which are necessary to maintain muscle mass and satellite cell survival. Sarcopenia is a normal aspect of aging, and is not actually a disease state yet can be linked to many injuries in the elderly population as well as decreasing quality of life.
There are also many diseases and conditions which cause muscle atrophy. Examples include cancer and AIDS, which induce a body wasting syndrome called cachexia. Other syndromes or conditions which can induce skeletal muscle atrophy are congestive heart disease and some diseases of the liver.
Disease.
Neuromuscular diseases are those that affect the muscles and/or their nervous control. In general, problems with nervous control can cause spasticity or paralysis, depending on the location and nature of the problem. A large proportion of neurological disorders, ranging from cerebrovascular accident (stroke) and Parkinson's disease to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, can lead to problems with movement or motor coordination.
Symptoms of muscle diseases may include weakness, spasticity, myoclonus and myalgia. Diagnostic procedures that may reveal muscular disorders include testing creatine kinase levels in the blood and electromyography (measuring electrical activity in muscles). In some cases, muscle biopsy may be done to identify a myopathy, as well as genetic testing to identify DNA abnormalities associated with specific myopathies and dystrophies.
A non-invasive elastography technique that measures muscle noise is undergoing experimentation to provide a way of monitoring neuromuscular disease. The sound produced by a muscle comes from the shortening of actomyosin filaments along the axis of the muscle. During contraction, the muscle shortens along its longitudinal axis and expands across the transverse axis, producing vibrations at the surface.
Evolution.
Muscles have evolved at least twice, once in cnidaria and once in bilateria; they seem to have evolved from contractile cells in sponge-grade organisms.
Evolutionarily, specialized forms of skeletal and cardiac muscles predated the divergence of the vertebrate/arthropod evolutionary line. This indicates that these types of muscle developed in a common ancestor sometime before 700 million years ago (mya). Vertebrate smooth muscle was found to have evolved independently from the skeletal and cardiac muscles.

</doc>
<doc id="19723740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723740" title="Uniforms of the Confederate States military forces">
Uniforms of the Confederate States military forces

The Uniforms of the Confederate States military forces were the uniforms used by the Confederate Army and Navy during the American Civil War, from 1861 to 1865. The uniform initially varied greatly due to a variety of reasons, such as location, limitations on the supply of cloth and other materials, State regulations that were different from the standard regulations, and the cost of materials during the war.
Texas forces, for example, had access to massive stocks of Federal blue uniforms which were acquired after Confederate forces captured a Federal supply depot in San Antonio in 1861. These were worn as late as 1863.
Early on servicemen sometimes wore combinations of uniform pieces, making do with what they could get from captured Union soldiers, or from Union and Confederate dead, or just wear civilian clothing.
There are some controversies about some of the exact details of a few of the uniforms, since some of the records were lost or destroyed after the Civil War ended.
Overview.
The original Confederate uniforms from all branches of the military closely followed the lines of the Union’s uniforms. This was until June 6, 1861, when the Confederate Council issued General Order 9, the new regulations for the Confederate Infantry, Cavalry and Artillery.
The new uniforms were designed by Nicola Marschall, a German-American artist who also designed the original Confederate flag. He was heavily influenced by the mid-1800s uniforms of the Austrian and French Armies.
Although the regular Confederate military had a paper strength of 6,000 personnel, the first 100,000 volunteers from all over the South participated in a variety of dress. Many were from state militia outfits which had their own state-issued uniforms, and in the early battles some Confederate units who wore dark blue uniforms were often mistaken on the field of battle for the enemy. Conversely, many Union units which were originally militia units went to war wearing gray.
It was not until the depot system was established in early 1862 by the Confederate Quartermaster in Richmond, Virginia, that uniforms were mass-produced and supplied to troops. Until that time the "commutation system" was in place which allowed soldiers to have their own uniforms made to the new CSA regulations to be reimbursed by the CS government. Allowance was $21 per six months for uniforms.
Officers always had to buy their own until March 6, 1864, when General Order 28 was released which allowed Confederate officers to purchase uniforms from the same sources as the troops, and at cost price.
Following the Richmond Depot, other depots started up throughout the South to supply their respective regional forces. Major depots were in Columbus, Athens and Atlanta, Georgia for the Army of Tennessee and Houston, Texas and Shreveport, Louisiana for the Trans-Mississippi forces. The use of the depot system meant that army-wide uniformity was impossible, as different depots had unique uniforms (Columbus Depot Jackets for instance, had breast pockets, whilst Richmond Depot Jackets did not). This resulted in a varied set of uniforms worn by different Confederate units.
As the war progressed the image began to shift from the "ragged rebel" look to a well-uniformed Army in the Eastern and Western theaters. In the last 12 months of fighting these Confederate forces were well-uniformed, the best they had ever appeared in terms of consistency, wearing clothing made of imported blue-gray cloth, either manufactured locally or bought read-made under contract from British manufacturers, such as Peter Tait of Limerick, Ireland who became a major supplier of uniforms for the Confederacy.
Unfortunately, in the department of the Trans-Mississippi, problems of distribution of the plentiful uniforms made in Houston and Shreveport, meant that the South Western forces went without proper uniforms for some part of the war.
Confederate headgear was to be the chasseur cap or "kepi", a French military cap. Often broad felt or straw hats or slouch hats were worn instead. The Federal Army style forage cap was also popular. General Stonewall Jackson was famous for wearing the forage cap. Confederate Cavalry troops often wore Hardee hats, much like the Union Cavalry which was a representative of the additional "flair" associated with the Cavalry troops. Two examples of CSA Cavalry officer's famous for wearing these hats are Colonel John S. Mosby and General J.E.B. Stuart.
Design.
The use of wool in the uniform meant that the uniforms were not suited to the warm climates that were common in the South. This helped contribute to the fact that many Confederate soldiers suffered from heatstroke on long marches. However, one understanding of the heavy woolen garments, is that after the marching during the day time, when the soldiers would rest at night and cool themselves down, the thermal-shock could render some men unable to function the next day. As such, the woolen garments would protect the soldiers from this, and keep them able to keep marching the next day to fulfill their duties. This was also the case with the better equipped, U.S. Army. Many Confederate soldiers started the war with frock coats. However, cloth shortages and wartime wear, insured that by 1863, waist-length cadet gray or butternut shell jackets were generally worn by Confederates in the Eastern and Western Theater. Examples of frock coats being worn by enlisted men can be seen in photographs taken after the battles of Gettysburg, (1863), and Spotsylvania, (1864).
gray was not chosen for camouflage, however, it did at times, provide enough of a mask along tree lines during battle; keeping the line of Infantry hidden long enough to strike effectively. At the time of the American Civil War, the usefulness of camouflage was not generally recognized. gray was chosen for Confederate uniforms because gray dye could be made relatively cheaply and was the standard uniform color of the various State Militias. The gray uniforms worn by early State volunteers, was normally a shade of Cadet gray, which is not suitable for combat wear, as it gives the position of the individual away easily, from its bright blue-gray tones, and for this, it was preserved by some men for dress-parade functions. The gray mentioned, is dull toned, often varying in color depending on region and time during the conflict, resulting in a uniform that could blend in with the tree lines, or hide the men in the field wearing them.
Generally, the uniform jacket of the Confederate soldier was single breasted, made of gray or brown fabric, with a six to nine button front. The design of the garment featured several variations: a four to six piece body, and one or two piece sleeves, usually with lining, often of a cotton material. The fabric used in these jackets, ranged from the finer kerseys and broadcloths used early in the war, to the cotton/wool blends of jeans, satinette, and cassimere, to name several examples. The exact color of the fabric also ranged from the prewar bright cadet gray, similar to the fabric used by Virginia Military Institute, or West Point U.S. Military Academy dress uniforms, to the sumac and logwood dyed fabrics, that would eventually fade to the ragged butternut appearance. Epaulettes may have been used in the construction of the jacket, as was the case for the Richmond clothing bureau designed jackets, commonly called today, the Richmond Depot types I, II, and III. Belt loops were also in intermittent use, such as the Richmond and the Charleston clothing depots. Trimming on the jackets range from piped or taped collars, cuffs, and front lapel edges, to full facings on the collar and cuffs, commonly in light blue, dark blue, red, or black. Due to the difficulty in obtaining yellow dye ingredients as the war progressed, yellow was infrequently used by the Cavalry Corps throughout the conflict.
Confederate States Army uniforms.
Army officers.
Generals.
On the upright collar of full generals, lieutenant generals, major generals, and brigadier generals three stars were stitched within a wreath, all embroidered in gold coloring. The center star was slightly larger than the other stars. It was not possible to know which grade of general an officer was by their collar insignia. However, major generals and lieutenant generals wore three groups of buttons down the front of the overcoat, and brigadiers wore groups of two. However, Confederate Army Regulations had no distinction between the General Officer grades, and had only the insignia for Brigadier Generals recognized. At least 3 Generals officers did not wear the prescribed uniform: Robert E. Lee who wore the uniform of a Colonel, refusing to wear a generals insignia until the Confederate victory; Joseph L. Hogg, who died of a fever; and Benjamin McCulloch.
Other officers.
Colonels wore three gold stars of the same size on their collar; the same as generals, but without the wreath. While lieutenant colonels wore two stars on their collars, majors wore one star, which was placed in the middle of the collar. Captains had three gold horizontal bars, first lieutenants wore two bars, and second lieutenants wore one bar. However, the Confederate Congress often created new commissions, and did not always standardize rank insignia immediately.
Army enlisted men.
Chevrons.
Chevrons in the Confederate Army were only worn by sergeants and corporals. Sergeants wore three chevrons on their sleeves, and corporals wore two chevrons.
Buttons.
A brigadier general's coat had two rows of eight buttons, grouped in pairs. Field Grade officers, and Company Grade officers commonly wore two rows of seven equally spaced buttons each, despite regulations calling for the top two buttons to be spaced at four inches apart, coming closer together at the waist at 3 inches in distance. According to the June 1861 regulations, and later the 1862 and 1863 regulations, enlisted men were to wear a frock coat with the same button pattern as the Company and Field Grade officers.
Jackets.
Confederate Army officers indicated their military affiliation with different colored facing on their coats or jackets. The colors were red for artillery, yellow for cavalry, light blue for infantry, and black for medical. Regimental and company officers wore the colors of their respective branch on the outer seam of their pants on one and one-quarter inch stripes. Generals wore two and five-eighths inch stripes on each pant leg. While the quartermasters, commissary, and engineer officers wore a single magenta, one and one-quarter inch outer-seam stripe. Noncommissioned officers were to wear on their outer seams a one and one-quarter inch cotton stripe or braid of colors appropriate to their army branch. A very distinctive feature of the Confederate officers uniforms was the gold braid Austrian knots on their sleeves. More elaborate braiding indicated higher rank and some knots almost reached the shoulder. However, a general order, issued in 1862, called for the Austrian knots not to be worn in the field, as this made officers conspicuous to enemy combatants.
Kepis.
The "French" pattern kepi, was the standard issue headgear to all army personnel, with dark blue band, sides & crown for generals, staff officers, and engineers. Kepis worn by commissioned officers and enlisted personnel had two patterns, specified by regulations in 1861 and 1862, respectively. The first pattern was a colored band, denoting the branch of service, with the crown and sides to be made of Cadet Gray cloth. The second pattern had a dark blue band for all branches, with the crown and sides colored according to the branch of service. The branch of service colors were as follows, Red for artillery, yellow for cavalry, and light or sky blue for infantry. More common than the regulation kepis, completely gray or butternut caps, or later, dark cadet gray imported kersey caps were issued and worn by troops throughout the war, in large numbers. Cap visors were made from leather or "oilcloth" over paste board. Chin straps were also installed, usually made of leather, but as the war progressed, were made of oil cloth or other painted fabrics, and affixed to the cap with two buttons.
Trousers.
The Confederate trousers were very similar to those of the Union forces. Early on the trousers were sky blue in color. They were most often made of wool, and were easily worn during long marches. If trousers did not arrive for the troops
the soldiers would have to use their own pants to wear.
Belt.
There were numerous types of belts produced for the Confederate Military during the War Between the States. There were literally dozens of various buckles used and produced by or for the Confederacy. The buckles ranged from single plates with hooks, to two piece interlocking buckles to simple roller buckles and countless other variations. Many using plates that bore the state seal or motto of their home states. The vast majority using simple roller buckle plates of the type found on a common dog collar. As the War progressed more and more were using captured US belt plates, often wearing them upside down.
Cavalry Uniforms.
Design.
The first of the Cavalry uniforms were made by the cavalrymen themselves. By 1862, the Confederate regulations ordered the uniform to become organized, being cadet gray and lined with a thin layer around the sleeve. The pant legs were light blue with a yellow strip rising from the bottom of the leg to the top. Non-commissioned officers of the cavalry wore either regular clothes from home or a variety of different types of uniforms. yellow was the prescribed branch of service color, but surviving uniforms show beyond a doubt that the vast majority of cavalrymen who used any branch of service color, used buff as yellow cloth was virtually non existent in the Confederacy.
Buttons.
A normal junior officer had two rows of evenly spaced seven buttons, grouped into pairs.
Hats.
A cap copying the French Kepi was the prescribed headgear for all three branches of the land service, adorned with the various branch of service colors, but Confederates preferred the slouch hat and surviving photographs show that as many or more men wore some type of slouch hat than wore the prescribed cap, especially as the War progressed.
The Troiani book says, "Although in some units hats seem dominate, the issuance of caps was widespread. For example, requisitions for the 19th Alabama Infantry throughout 1863 and early 1864 show a decided preference for hats, whereas those for the 17th Mississippi Infantry for the same period record only caps being received. One Confederate clothing facility in Charleston, South Carolina, was devoted entirely to the manufacture of caps. These were cut out by government employees at the depot and sent to 1,000 to 1,500 local "persons of a needy class" for assembly."</ref>
Artillery Uniforms.
Design.
The first of the Artillery uniforms were a variety of handmade and personally customized uniforms. By 1862, the Confederate uniforms became organized. They became cadet gray and were to be lined with a layer of red around the sleeve. The pant legs were light blue. Even after the uniforms were organized many of the artillerymen wore regular clothes due to the heat and discomfort caused by the regular uniforms.
Buttons.
In the Confederate Artillery a normal junior officer had two rows of seven evenly spaced buttons, grouped into pairs, while a senior officer could have as many as eight buttons in two rows.
Hats.
The kepi was also standard issue to the artillerymen, they were made red to match that of the rest of their uniforms. During the summer months they were also allowed to wear straw hats because of the heat.
Infantry Uniforms.
Design.
The Confederate Infantry, (the largest Corps of the Army,) had a large variety of uniforms, and the greater amount of records. The initial Confederate Army Uniform, consisted of a Kepi, double-breasted tunic, trousers, and Jefferson Bootees/Brogans. The Kepi was not specified until the 1862 Regulations, as a sky-blue kepi, reflecting the Infantry Corps, with a dark blue band, and leather visor. The Tunic, was to be of Cadet gray, with two rows of yellow-metal, (brass or gold,) buttons, 'solid' cuff and collar facings in sky-blue, and be lined with a lighter gray fabric. The coat was of the same pattern specified as regulation for the field and company officers; as well as for the artillery and cavalry enlisted-men.
These designs for the uniform, however, did not prevail, as the complexity of the uniform proved to be difficult for mass-production. The simpler uniform turned to be the regulations dictated by Judah Benjamin. He stated that the uniform should be that of: a gray jacket; a blue, gray, or brown pair of trousers; any slouch hat or cap type of head cover; and any kind of foot-wear to be worn for Confederate service in mid-1861. His regulations, however, were overruled by the subsequent set of regulations of June 1861, stating the Franco-Austrian styled uniform to be issued and purchased; to all Corps and by all officers, respectively.
The guidelines set by Judah Benjamin in 1861, soon became the choice of the Clothing Depots across the south as the war went into its second year. The easier to produce jacket, with the loosened hat and trouser regulations, resulted in an easier to cloth Confederate Infantryman. His typical uniform by the end of 1861 and beginning of 1862; was a slouch or kepi, a shell-jacket, pair of sky-blue or gray cloth trousers, with brogans.
Jackets and Coats.
The jacket prescribed for Infantry use, was the same jacket design for all service men. The jacket design itself depended entirely upon region, time, and the source of fabrics. The Eastern Theater uniform jacket, was the Richmond Depot design, with 3 primary types issued throughout the war. The jacket varied from a cadet gray, piped and trimmed jacket, looking much like a pre-war militia jacket, to the jeans-cloth jacket that was worn out in 6 months. The English import materials and uniforms were also issued to the troops through this facility. The Western and Deep Southern facilities manufactured similar uniforms, being jeans-cloth, dyed with vegetable based grays, that would fade to brown or tan. The typical jackets issued had 5-7 button fronts, with collar and cuff trim that varied from era, region and source, and an outside pocket on occasion.
The previous styles were the militia uniforms. These consisted of everything from the more sharp-looking jackets and coats which resembled the French or Northern Infantry uniforms; to the no-flares "Battle-Shirt", meant for drilling and battles only. The uniform for these militia units varied by each company through a single county or parish, let alone the country itself. The militia uniforms were a menagerie of colors, from Cadet gray, dark blue, and hunter green, to Reds, buffs and gold tones. The other variety of CS Army uniform jackets and coats is the Zouave. This jacket was meant to be loose-fitting and reflect the French-African Zouave units. There were several units to consist of this uniform, including the "Richmond Zouaves", in the 44th Virginia Infantry Regiment, the "Wheat's Tigers", of the 1st Louisiana Special Battalion, and "Coppen's Zouaves", of Louisiana.
Trousers.
For the trousers of the Army, they were of similar pattern to the U.S. Army trousers, or civilian designs, depending on the area in which they were made. They were typically a shade of gray or brown, with a variety of medium blues also produced. The individual could also have them trimmed to reflect his militia unit, his Non-commissioned officer status, or as a personal flare, to the ubiquitous service pants.
Hats and Kepis.
The headgear of the typical Confederate Infantryman was the slouch hat, or the military Kepi. The Kepi, is a short fatigue and dress cap, that was easy to manufacture for the Army during the war. This type of hat, had its drawbacks, however. It provided little weather protection, and was worn out easily after a few months of hard wear. The Infantryman design cap was sky-blue with a dark blue band, but this was rarely seen outside of officer private-purchase caps. The more typical would be the plain gray/brown cap, with or without the branch of service trim. There are examples of deep-south made caps that were trimmed in red cotton and wool, and issued to Infantry units, showing that any available clothing was issued to the troops as the war progressed.
The slouch hat, was the preferred choice of many soldiers, including officers. The hat was normally a floppy, wide brimmed, woolen body head-cover, meant to protect the individual from the sun, and in-climate-weather. It was normally a civilian hat, of brown, gray, or black wool. this simple hat saw widespread use throughout the Confederate Armies, and even the U.S. Army personnel. Occasionally the hat was adorned with insignia of the wearer's preference, and may have been pinned up for the drill in the use of the regular weapon of the time, the Rifled-musket.
Buttons.
The buttons worn on the Infantryman's clothing, is not as minor a detail as it would sound. The average infantryman may have had his uniform made for him in Richmond, Virginia, however, the man enlisted in Georgia, and is now marching through the former state. In reflection to his loyalties to home, this man, for example, could have adorned his uniform in Georgia State buttons. This would indicate to his fellow soldiers, his allegiance to his state and his military unit. This was the common practice during the war for both sides in the conflict.
The regulation infantry buttons for enlisted men, described the button as to have a number on the front of the button, to reflect the unit designation, (for example, a soldier in the 1st Confederate Infantry Regiment, would have a "1" on the buttons of his coat.) These buttons are rare or non-existent. However, the officer's regulation button, consisting of the "block I" button, for Infantry, the A for Artillery, etc.; was very common amongst soldiers, and replaced the efforts to produce the different, numbered buttons for each regiment in service.
As before, the uniform buttons also could reflect the state loyalties of an individual. All of the Confederate States made an effort to supply their respective State buttons to their troops. The states that did not join the Confederacy, but had men within its ranks, such as Maryland and Missouri, also made buttons, that have turned up on surviving uniforms.
The confederacy also implemented ready-made supplies of button, consisting of the U.S. Government stockpiles throughout the war. These consisted of the Enlisted men's coat button, (an eagle with the shield of the U.S., with the olive branch and arrows held in its talons,) and the officer's buttons, (the same as before, but the shield is replaced by a blank shield, with the respective letter for each branch of service, I for infantry, A for artillery, C for cavalry, and D for dragoons,)
Confederate States Navy uniforms.
Design.
The first of the Navy uniforms were made in dark blue, but with the Southern style of rank insignia for the officers. The 1862 Confederate regulations ordered the uniform to be steel gray and lined with a dark black silk serge. They were also made in medium gray and cadet gray. They were made of wool, and these uniforms were not fit for the heat of the lower decks of a ship. Non-commissioned officers wore a variety of uniforms, or even regular clothing.
Shoulder Straps.
According to the dress code of the Confederate Navy, shoulder straps were to be worn differently by each rank.
Caps.
Confederate Naval Caps were made of steel gray cloth. They were not to be less than three inches and a half, nor more than four inches in height. They were also not to be more than ten, or less than nine inches and a half, at the top, and had a patent leather visor, to be worn by all officers in their service dress.
Confederate States Marine Corps uniforms.
The uniform used by the Confederate States Marine Corps resembled that prescribed for the Confederate Army. However, there is controversy about some of the exact details of the uniform, since the CSMC was not as large, and many of its records were destroyed. In 1865, right after the war's end, Lloyd J. Beall, commander of the CSMC, had a fire at his home which destroyed most of the CSMC's records. It is clear, however, that the Marines were often equipped out of the stores of whichever garrison was nearest their location. One description has the Marines dressed in, frock coats of a particular (and undetermined) shade of gray, and dark blue or black trousers. It appears that Confederate Marines wore forage caps although it is unclear if there was any ornamentation on the cover. Much of the gear worn by the CSMC was imported from Russia, and from Great Britain and its empire, mainly Canada. This created a fairly unique look.

</doc>
<doc id="19723749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723749" title="XLVII Panzer Corps">
XLVII Panzer Corps

XLVII Panzer Corps (also: 47th Panzer Corps or XXXXVII. "Panzerkorps" or XXXXVII Panzer Corps) was a corps of the German Army in World War II that was formerly designated as XLVII Corps. Various formations of the corps fought in the French campaign of 1940, in the Russian campaign from 1941 to 1944, and on the Western Front from June 1944 until April 1945.
The first formation of the XLVII Corps was on June 20, 1940, during the Campaign in France. This formation was shortly thereafter disbanded on July 1, 1940. The corps was formed again as a motorized corps on November 25, 1940 in Military Region XI. The new corps was initially stationed in Germany as part of Army Group C.
In May 1941, the corps was subordinated to Panzer Group 2 (later 2nd Panzer Army) and took part in the invasion of Russia in 1941. On June 21, 1942, the corps was retitled XLVII Panzer Corps. The corps remained on the Russian front until May 1944, when it was stationed in France.
Thereafter, the corps fought on the Western Front. The corps took part in the Mortain offensive, and attacked into the central Ardennes during the Battle of the Bulge. Retitled "Armee-Abteilung Lüttwitz" in April 1945, the corps surrendered with other German troops in the Ruhr Pocket to the U.S. Army.

</doc>
<doc id="19723795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723795" title="No Mercy (2003)">
No Mercy (2003)

No Mercy (2003) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and presented by Subway, which took place on October 19, 2003 at the 1st Mariner Arena in Baltimore, Maryland. It was the sixth event under the No Mercy chronology and starred wrestlers from the SmackDown! brand.
Nine professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the event's card. The main event saw WWE Champion Brock Lesnar defeat The Undertaker to retain his championship in a match where a chain was hung from a pole and the first man to reach it could use it as a legal weapon in what was called a Biker Chain match. Two featured bouts were scheduled on the undercard. In a standard match for the WWE United States Championship, the Big Show defeated Eddie Guerrero to win the title. The other was also a standard match, in which Kurt Angle defeated John Cena.
No Mercy had an attendance of approximately 8,500 and received about 254,000 pay-per-view buys, more than the following year's event. This event helped WWE increase its pay-per-view revenue by $6.2 million from the previous year. When the event was released on DVD, it reached a peak position of seventh on "Billboard's" DVD Sales Chart.
Background.
The event featured nine professional wrestling matches with outcomes predetermined by WWE script writers. The matches featured wrestlers portraying their characters in planned storylines that took place before, during and after the event. All wrestlers were from the SmackDown brand, a storyline division in which WWE assigned its employees.
The main event at No Mercy was a Biker Chain match for the WWE Championship. In this match, a chain was hung on a pole above the ring, and when it was retrieved it could be used as a legal weapon. The match was between WWE Champion Brock Lesnar, who defended against The Undertaker. This title match would mark the third pay per view between Lesnar and The Undertaker for the championship. The first being September 2002 at Unforgiven where Lesnar and Undertaker fought to a double disqualification then the second event being the following month at No Mercy where Lesnar successfully defended the WWE title over the Undertaker in a Hell in a Cell match. The build up to the match began on the August 28 episode of "SmackDown", when the Undertaker defeated Lesnar and The Big Show in a Triple Threat match, earning a title shot against then WWE Champion Kurt Angle. The following week on the September 4 episode of "SmackDown", Angle defended the championship against the Undertaker, however, the match ended in a no contest after Lesnar interfered and attacked them both with a steel folding chair; Angle retained the championship as a result of Lesnar's interference. Two weeks later on "SmackDown", Angle defended the title against Lesnar in a match in which the wrestler with the most scoring conditions by a set period of time would win the title in what is called an Iron Man match. Lesnar scored five falls, while Angle scored four in the encounter, thus, Lesnar won the match and became the new WWE Champion. The following week on "SmackDown", legitimate WWE Chairman Vince McMahon held a ceremony to introduce the new WWE Champion Lesnar, but was interrupted by the Undertaker and SmackDown General Manager Stephanie McMahon, who announced that Lesnar would face the Undertaker at No Mercy for the WWE Championship. On the October 9 episode of "SmackDown", Lesnar defended the title against Paul London. The match was interrupted by the Undertaker, who had a meeting with Stephanie earlier that night. He announced that his match with Lesnar at No Mercy would be a Biker Chain Match rather than a standard match.
One of the featured bouts on the undercard saw the WWE United States Champion Eddie Guerrero defending the championship against the Big Show. The events leading up to this match began on the October 9 episode of "SmackDown", when it was announced that Guerrero would face the Big Show at No Mercy for the title. Later in the night, Chavo Guerrero (Salvador Guerrero IV) brought the Big Show out to the ring, followed by Eddie Guerrero bringing a sewage truck into the arena and spraying the Big Show with raw sewage. The next week on "SmackDown", Guerrero defeated Rhyno (Terry Gerin) in a non-title match. Afterwards, the Big Show attacked Guerrero by using his signature lowrider as a weapon.
Another featured bout on the undercard pitted Kurt Angle against John Cena. On the September 18 episode of "SmackDown", Angle lost an Iron Man match to Brock Lesnar for the WWE Championship. The match marked the third time that Angle defended the title against Lesnar with the first being WrestleMania XIX where Lesnar won the title and the second being SummerSlam which Angle retained. The next week on "SmackDown", Angle tried to call Lesnar out to the ring, demanding a rematch, but instead Cena came to the ring and attacked Angle. On the October 2 episode of "SmackDown", two of the primary rivalries on SmackDown intertwined in a tag team match, where Lesnar and Cena faced the team of Angle and the Undertaker, which Cena and Lesnar won after Cena struck Angle with a chain. The next week on "SmackDown", a rap battle took place between Cena and Angle, in which both men performed raps insulting each other. The battle ended with Angle attacking Cena and the two proceeding to fight in the ring.
Another prominent match on the card was an "I Quit" match between Vince McMahon and his daughter, Stephanie McMahon. At the No Mercy event, however, Vince announced that Stephanie could score a pinfall or submission to win the match. The match build up began on the September 25 episode of "SmackDown", when Stephanie interrupted her father's ceremony honoring the new WWE Champion Brock Lesnar to announce that the Undertaker would face Lesnar at No Mercy for the championship. Vince, angered by this, demanded that she retract the decision. When Stephanie did not, Vince announced that the two of them would face each other in an "I Quit" match at No Mercy. The next week on "SmackDown", Vince offered Stephanie another chance to rescind the title match, which she refused and as a result Vince added the stipulation that if she lost, she would be forced to resign as the General Manager of SmackDown!. The following week, Linda McMahon, Vince's wife and Stephanie's mother, made Vince agree that if he lost the match, he would resign as WWE Chairman.
Event.
Before No Mercy began and aired live on pay-per-view, an episode of "Sunday Night Heat", one of the secondary television programs for WWE, was taped live. The only scheduled match was a standard match between Billy Kidman and Shannon Moore, which Kidman won via pinfall after a spinebuster on Moore.
Preliminary matches.
After "Sunday Night Heat", the event began with a standard match for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship where the champion, Tajiri defended his title against Rey Mysterio. Throughout the match both men performed many offensive maneuvers, but Mysterio gained the upper hand when he performed a 619 and West Coast Pop. Before Mysterio could cover Tajiri, however, two "fans" (later revealed to be Ryan Sakoda and James Yun) interfered and distracted Mysterio. Following the distraction, Tajiri recovered and performed a Buzzsaw kick on Mysterio, followed by a cover and a pinfall to retain his championship.
The following bout was Chris Benoit versus A-Train in a standard match. Both men wrestled inconclusively in the early stages of the match, until Chris Benoit performed a dragon screw legwhip on A-Train to the ground and then placed him a Sharpshooter forcing A-Train to submit.
The third contest had Zach Gowen facing Matt Hardy in a standard match. Both men performed a variety of moves on one another until Gowen performed a springboard moonsault with one leg (Gowen had lost his other leg to cancer at age 8) on Hardy and covered him for a pinfall. This was the first singles match that Gowen had won while in the WWE.
The next match was the Basham Brothers (Doug and Danny Basham) versus the Acolytes Protection Agency (Bradshaw and Farooq) in a standard match. After both teams performed a number of offensive maneuvers on each other, Shaniqua (Linda Miles), the Basham Brothers' valet, struck Bradshaw with a club and (kayfabe) knocked him out. Doug then covered Bradshaw for a pinfall.
Main event matches.
The fifth contest was an "I Quit" match, where in order to win one competitor must force the other to say "I Quit", between WWE Chairman Vince McMahon, escorted by Sable, and SmackDown General Manager Stephanie McMahon, his daughter. Stephanie was accompanied to the ring by her mother, Linda McMahon. Vince had altered the rules of the match, including the stipulation that Stephanie could defeat him by pinfall or submission, but he had to force her to quit. Furthermore, the loser of the match had to surrender their position in the company (Chairman or General Manager for Vince and Stephanie, respectively). The match ended when Vince choked Stephanie with a lead pipe, and Linda McMahon quit the match for Stephanie. As a result, Stephanie was removed from the position of General Manager of SmackDown.
The first featured bout on the undercard was a standard match between Kurt Angle and John Cena. Angle began bleeding after Cena performed a swinging reverse DDT on the ring apron on him. Later in the match, Cena attempted a FU but Angle reversed it into an unsuccessful cover attempt. Following that, Angle attempted an Angle Slam but Cena countered the maneuver. Angle then countered Cena and placed him in an ankle lock, which led to Cena submitting.
The second featured bout on the undercard was a standard match for the WWE United States Championship where the champion, Eddie Guerrero, defended against The Big Show. Guerrero used a variety of tactics including forcing the Big Show's head into an exposed steel turnbuckle, striking him with a trash can lid, punching him with brass knuckles and striking him with the United States Championship belt. After hitting the Big Show with the belt, Guerrero performed a frog splash onto the Big Show. Guerrero attempted a cover, but only received a count of two. The Big Show then performed a chokeslam and attempted to pin Guerrero, but he placed his foot on the rope, which voided the cover. The Big Show then performed another chokeslam on Guerrero and covered him for a pinfall, winning the WWE United States Championship.
The main event was a Biker Chain match for the WWE Championship, where WWE Champion Brock Lesnar defended his title against The Undertaker. During the match, a chain was hung on a pole above the ring, and once it was retrieved it could be used as a legal weapon. After enduring a series of punches from Lesnar, The Undertaker attempted to take the chain down, but the lights in the arena went out and he climbed back down to the ring. The Undertaker then Tombstone piledriver Lesnar onto the ring steps. The Undertaker put Lesnar in a dragon sleeper. After getting out of the sleeper hold, Lesnar F-5ed The Undertaker. Lesnar made an attempt to go for the chain, but the Undertaker performed a chokeslam on him off the top rope. Following this, the Full Blooded Italians interfered in the match, trying to attack the Undertaker. The Undertaker threw them out of the ring and did a suicide dive onto them. He then retrieved the chain off the pole and wrapped it around it his fist, planning to strike Lesnar with it. Vince McMahon interfered, however, and pushed the Undertaker off the top rope onto the mat. Lesnar then took the chain, wrapped it around his fist, and punched the Undertaker in the face, followed by a cover for a pinfall.
Aftermath.
As a result of losing her match against her father, Stephanie McMahon was forced to resign as SmackDown! General Manager. On the "SmackDown" following No Mercy, Vince McMahon announced Paul Heyman as the new General Manager. Heyman booked a Handicap match, in which the Undertaker faced Brock Lesnar and the Big Show. Heyman stated that should Undertaker win, he could face anyone he wished at Survivor Series. During the match, there were several opportunities in which the Undertaker would have won the match, but Heyman restarted the contest three times. The Undertaker did, however, win the contest, and announced he wanted a Buried Alive match against Vince McMahon. McMahon would go on to win the match with the aid of the Undertaker's half-brother Kane.
The feud between Kurt Angle and Cena ended shortly after No Mercy. On the November 6 edition of "SmackDown", John Cena was offered an opportunity to become the final member of Team Lesnar for the traditional five-on-five elimination tag match at Survivor Series. Cena rejected the offer, however, and was attacked by the other members of Team Lesnar. The members of Team Angle fought alongside Cena, and the following week on SmackDown, Cena turned into fan favorite and joined Kurt Angle's Survivor Series team. The feud between the Big Show and Eddie Guerrero ended after No Mercy, with Guerrero going on to compete for the WWE Tag Team Championship with Chavo Guerrero. Guerrero went on to win a tag team title shot by defeating the Basham Brothers in a Handicap match, but he did not win the title.
Reception.
The 1st Mariner Arena usually can accommodate 14,000, but the capacity was reduced for No Mercy. This event had an approximate attendance of 8,500 and received 254,000 pay-per-view buys. The promotion's pay-per-view revenue was $24.7 million. The professional wrestling section of the Canadian Online Explorer website rated the entire event a 4 out of 10 stars. The rating was lower than the 2004 event's rating of 5 out of 10 stars. The encounter between Kurt Angle and John Cena was given the highest rating of any match on the card with a 7.5 out of 10 stars, while the United States Championship match was rated a 3 out of 10 stars. The main event match for the WWE Championship was rated a 7 out of 10 stars.
The event was released on DVD on November 18, 2003 by Sony Music Entertainment. The DVD reached seventh on "Billboard's" DVD Sales Chart for recreational sports during the week of December 13, 2003, although falling thereafter. It remained on the chart until the week of December 20, ranking twelfth.

</doc>
<doc id="19723798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723798" title="Shimo-Yuino Station">
Shimo-Yuino Station

Layout.
The station has one side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19723815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723815" title="Gunvor Nelson">
Gunvor Nelson

Swedish artist Gunvor Grundel Nelson was born in 1931 in Stockholm, Sweden. Now living in Kristinehamn, Sweden. She has worked as an experimental filmmaker since the 1960s. Some of her most widely known works were created while she lived in the Bay Area in the mid-1960s and early 1970s, where she became well established among other artists in the avant-garde film circles of the 60s and to the present (Gill, 28).As of 2006 she has to her credit twenty films, five videos, and one video installation (Holmlund, 67).
Education and awards.
She obtained a Master of Arts degree from Mills College in Oakland, California. Her teaching experience includes the San Francisco Art Institute from 1970 to 1992, after which she moved back to Sweden in 1993. Additional positions she has held include a year at San Francisco State University from 1969 to 1970 and a semester in 1987 at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. Her work has been featured in numerous European and North American festivals, one-woman shows, and she has been the recipient of several awards and grants. Some of these awards include: a Guggenheim Fellowship, two National Endowment for the Arts grants, as well as a Rockefeller Foundation grant (Holmlund, 84). Nelson's films were shown quietly in the underground circuit on the West and East coasts of the United States, until the mid-70s when she began to get press from sources that ranged from "Playboy" editors to Pauline Kael. This increase in national press coverage of her films was in part due to the notable "Take-Off", a memorable satire on the performance of the striptease (Gill, 28).
Films.
In many of her major works she addresses subjects such as: childhood, memory, the idea of home/homeland and displacement, aging and death, and the symbolism of natural forces — particularly in relation to female beauty and power. Her talents for editing what is often dreamlike imagery, combined with fine attention to the effects of language and sound on the moving image, serve to enhance the consistent aesthetic of her experimental films.
Nelson often creates what she termed “personal films” rather than “experimental” or “avant-garde” films; on this matter she says:
"Everyone seemed unsure of what to call it. It is difficult. Are you really so "avant-garde"? Experimental films sounds like something incomplete. I have made both surrealistic and expressionistic films, but I prefer the term "personal film". That is what it is about. Even if many don't understand the meaning of the term. On the other hand, it can be easier to refer to them as avant-garde films. But I like the description "personal film" since it stems from one person. When you paint, the term you choose will be described by method; mural painters for instance and so on. But when it comes to film we lack capacity to describe what we are really doing." (Sundholm, 167).
Her depictions of women's experiences and issues of identity are never overtly political in their agenda or simplistic in nature; often they explore the sensual and erotic, and critique society's portrayal of women (Sundholm, 4) yet she denies any specifically "feminist" agenda behind her art-making. Instead, she creates "feminist" works in the broader sense of the term, they seek to find a more universal resonance as they address the personal and: "what is original, instinctive, and natural in womankind". Nelson also prefers not to be referred to as a "woman" artist but simply an "artist".
Nelson's work often reveals her fascination with the visual translation and transformation of the world that a camera is capable of achieving. Commenting on her first film "Schmeerguntz", a collaborative effort with Dorothy Wiley Nelson said: 
"I discovered how beautiful things "look" through the camera... A melon or dirty dishes, seen with a lens in close-up were translated into something else... The camera became like binoculars; you zero in on a small area and isolate it, and it becomes more precious "because" it's selected." (Holmlund, 78).
Her fascination with materials reflected in the titling of her work likely stems from her earlier artistic background as a painter. The visual transformations she obtains in the act of filming she typically modifies through painting and animation, and then organizes through painstaking editing of images and sound.

</doc>
<doc id="19723823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723823" title="Espérame">
Espérame

"Espérame" is a pop song recorded by Chilean singer and actress Denise Rosenthal and this song is the second single for her first solo studio album, "El Blog de la Feña", released in Chile on August 11, 2008. The song was written by Gonzalo Yañez, Arturo Fontaine and Hector Fontaine and recorded in Chile.
Music video.
The music video for this song was directed by Juan Pablo Sanchez in Santiago, Chile. It premiered on Canal 13 in August 2008. The video shows Rosenthal in many different faces.

</doc>
<doc id="19723837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723837" title="Trevor Vittatoe">
Trevor Vittatoe

Trevor Vittatoe (born January 1, 1988, in Bedford, Texas) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. Until June 21, 2012 he was on the roster of the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League. He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football at Texas-El Paso.
Vittatoe began his football career with Euless Trinity.
College career.
Vittatoe attended the University of Texas-El Paso and played quarterback for four years. He left the Miners as their all-time leader in passing yards, passing touchdowns, total offense and touchdowns. He also broke numerous other records. His four-year statistics left him ranking 14th in passing yards and 15th in passing touchdowns and total offense in college football history. Despite this he never led the Miners to a winning season.
Professional career.
Chicago Bears.
He signed with the Chicago Bears as a rookie free agent on July 26, 2011. Vittatoe was listed as their 4th string QB. He was waived on August 29.
Indianapolis Colts.
In 2012, he was signed by the Indianapolis Colts just one day after releasing Peyton Manning. He was released on June 21, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19723867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723867" title="Keith Millar">
Keith Millar

Keith James Millar (15 August 1906 – 13 July 1971) was an Australian sportsman who played Australian rules football with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1920s and first-class cricket for Victoria. Not to be confused with Australian Test cricketer Keith Miller, who played in the Victorian Football League as well.
Millar, a half forward, took part in the 1924 round-robin finals series, where Richmond missed out on the premiership by percentage. He had his best season in 1926 when he finished equal fifth in the Brownlow Medal count and represented Victoria three times in interstate matches. After retiring in 1930, Millar returned to the league as a field umpire six years later and umpired three games during the 1936 VFL season.
His cricket career was played mostly while he was a Richmond footballer, between the 1924/25 and 1932/33 summers. An all-rounder, Millar appeared in 14 first-class matches as a right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium pace bowler. Millar made 382 runs at 19.10 with two half centuries and took 14 wickets at 36.28. He took nine of those wickets during a 1925 tour of New Zealand by the Victorians and included the scalp of Test cricketer Stewie Dempster. They took on New Zealand in a match at Basin Reserve, Wellington in the same tour and, despite batting at ten, Millar scored 56 in his first innings. His highest first-class score came in a Sheffield Shield match against Queensland in 1927 at the Brisbane Cricket Ground where he batted up the order and made 64 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="19723869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723869" title="Open Architecture System Integration Strategy">
Open Architecture System Integration Strategy

The Open Architecture System Integration Strategy or OASIS Model was presented by Apple Computer as the philosophy behind the Mac in marketing beginning in 1989.
In the late 1980s, Apple Computer was worried about the legion of graphical user interfaces that would compete with the Mac OS. In addition to improved versions of Microsoft Windows, which had previously been unsuccessful, they were now facing IBMs Presentation Manager, HP's NewWave, Sun Microsystems' OPEN LOOK, and a host of other X11-based GUIs on various Unix platforms.
In response, Apple released a blizzard of marketing materials in 1989 trumpeting Apple's advantage, the OASIS Model. OASIS was the philosophy behind the Mac. In the documents they outlined the problems with grafting a GUI on top of an existing operating system, and showed how the Mac's "all in one" design allowed Apple to produce a much cleaner system.
OASIS was the little red book for the Mac-using community, an effort to rally the users around a single vision. In this respect it was a failure, as it seemed to many that it was an attempt to fend off competition. OASIS marketing disappeared with the release of System 7 in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19723883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723883" title="Maya, Western Australia">
Maya, Western Australia

Maya is a small town in the Mid West region of Western Australia.
The town's name is a result of the shortening of the Indigenous Australian word for a nearby spring, "Pocanmaya". The name was first recorded by surveyors in 1876.
The town originated as a railway siding on the Mullewa to Wongan Hills that was planned in 1913. The townsite was gazetted in 1913 and the railway commenced operation in 1915.
In 1932 the Wheat Pool of Western Australia announced that the town would have two grain elevators, each fitted with an engine, installed at the railway siding.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.

</doc>
<doc id="19723902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723902" title="111 (TV channel)">
111 (TV channel)

111 (pronounced as "Triple One") is an Australian cable and satellite general entertainment television channel which plays popular shows from the 60's onward. It is currently available on the Foxtel, Austar and Optus Television subscription platforms.
On 24 October 2008, the channel became available on the Foxtel and Optus platform, running promos ahead of the launch. It was confirmed in the days before the launch that the channel will be in widescreen. On 1 March 2009, the Channel became available to Austar subscribers.
The channel launched on Saturday, 1 November 2008 with a special named "Countdown to 111 Hits" that featured special guests Jenna Elfman and Jermaine Jackson. 111 Hits is based at Foxtel's Sydney Studios, where The Comedy Channel is also produced. 111 Hits+2, a timeshift channel which broadcasts the same programs as 111 Hits 2 hours later, went to air on 15 November 2009.
The channel's name is to officially shorten on 1 January 2014 to 111 following the launch of TVH!TS. However, the use of the revised logo and name began rolling out in December 2013.
Programming.
Programming primarily consists of US shows from Warner Bros., Lionsgate, 20th Century Fox, Walt Disney, ABC Studios, and CBS Studios International.
Programming is split into several themes referred to as: Afternoons, Hit-Coms, Triple The Drama, Great Classic Movies and Triple The Murder Mystery. Not all programs listed below are currently being screened.
As 111 Hits launched programming was slowly revealed through promotions on other Foxtel channels, with presenters discussing a show and their memories of it. A majority of the shows have been moved from Arena, FOX8, The Comedy Channel, TV1 and Fox Classics.
On 1 January 2014, with the addition of TVH!TS following the closure of TV1, there will be a change in direction of the network to a catalogue of programs, with a large amount of newer material (mainly sitcoms and dramas) to be moved from 111 Hits to TVH!TS. As a result, "111 Hits" will be shortened to "111". New additions to programming (which were previously shown on TV1) will include classics such as Cheers, Frasier, and Get Smart, as well as newer shows such as Rules of Engagement.

</doc>
<doc id="19723908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723908" title="Bay District Schools">
Bay District Schools

Bay District Schools is a school district headquartered in Panama City, Florida, United States.
The district serves all of Bay County except for Mexico Beach, which is served by Gulf County Schools.
School uniforms.
Students at all schools except for students at Margaret K. Lewis School, Shaw Adult Center, and Tom P. Haney Technical Center are required to wear school uniforms. Dress code varies between schools.
Schools.
High schools.
Zoned
Optional

</doc>
<doc id="19723914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723914" title="Philomath Bulletin">
Philomath Bulletin

The Philomath Bulletin is the weekly newspaper of Philomath, Oregon, United States. The Philomath bulletin has been serving the communities of Philomath and Flynn since June 2007. All works of the paper are written by both publisher and editor Gary Burris and Kay Roth.

</doc>
<doc id="19723922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723922" title="The Hits Chapter 1">
The Hits Chapter 1

The Hits Chapter 1 is the first greatest hits album released by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. It was issued in 1995 (see 1995 in country music) on the Mercury Records label. The album comprises the ten greatest hits from his first three studio albums: four each from 1991's "Don't Go Near the Water" and 1993's "Haunted Heart", plus two more from 1994's "Feelin' Good Train". Also included are "Still Lovin' You" (the third track from "Haunted Heart", never released as a single) and the new track "Your Tattoo", which was released as a single in 1995 and peaked at #47 on the country charts. "The Hits Chapter 1" earned a gold certification from the RIAA for shipping 500,000 copies in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19723930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723930" title="Władysław Skoczylas">
Władysław Skoczylas

Władysław Skoczylas (April 4, 1883 – April 8, 1934) was a Polish artist.
He was born in Wieliczka and died in Warsaw.
In 1928 he won a bronze medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his series of posters "Św. Hubert", "Diana", "Łucznik II", and "Łucznik III".

</doc>
<doc id="19723937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723937" title="Echizen-Tomida Station">
Echizen-Tomida Station

Layout.
The station has one side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19723940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723940" title="Underground Project 131">
Underground Project 131

Underground Project 131 () is a system of tunnels in China's Hubei province constructed in the late 1960s and the early 1970s to accommodate the Chinese military command headquarters in case of a nuclear war. The facility was never fully completed or used, and is currently open to visitors as a tourist attraction.
Some of the signage at the site refers to the facility as Chengshuidong (= Clear Water Cave) Tourist Area (澄水洞旅游区), and this is how it is, as of January 2014, labeled on Google Maps.
Location.
The Project 131 site is located in the Gaoqiao Township (高桥镇) of the Xian'an District of the Xianning prefecture-level city in Hubei Province.
It is about 15 km east of Xianning urban area, and 80 km south of central Wuhan.
History.
With the increase of tensions between the PRC and the USSR in the late 1960s, the Chinese leaders deemed it prudent to construct a number of underground facilities to protect the country's population, military, as well as its command and control bodies, in case of a nuclear conflict. The best known of these facilities is Beijing's Underground City.
On January 31, 1969, a decision was made to construct an underground command headquarters for the country's military; the codename "131" for the project stems from this date (01-31, in the usual way of ordering dates). The PLA Chief of Staff, General Huang Yongsheng (黄永胜) himself was in charge of the construction.
A system of tunnels with meeting rooms, offices for the top commanders (including the Commander in Chief, Mao Zedong and the second in command, Lin Biao), communication center, etc., were constructed under one of the hills in the area, and villas for Mao Zedong and Lin Biao were built on the surface. However, after the death of Lin Biao and the arrest of Huang Yongsheng in September 1971, the project was terminated, and it never saw its intended use. Neither Mao nor Lin Biao ever actually visited the site.
The tunnel system is reported to be 456 meters long, and has cost 130 million yuan to construct.
Present state.
In 1981, the Project 131 site was turned over to the civilian authorities of the prefecture-level city of Xianning, where it is located. An upscale hotel and conference facility was created above the ground, while the tunnel system was turned into a tourist attraction. At present (summer 2008), the underground rooms were mostly bare, decorated with signs describing the purported use of each room, an occasional piece of period furniture, and a few maps dealing with China's military history. There are also some exhibits (Mao badges, posters, etc.) in the pavilions on the surface. Unlike the pavilions and villas, the tunnel is still considered a military project and therefore closed to non-Chinese visitors (April 2009).
Huang Yongsheng's grave is also on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19723946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723946" title="Fear(s) of the Dark">
Fear(s) of the Dark

Fear(s) of the Dark () is a 2007 French black-and-white animated horror anthology film on the subject of fear written and directed by several notable comic book creators and graphic designers. It premiered at the 2007 Roma Film Festival and released in France in February 2008.
Plot.
Throughout the film, the disembodied voice of a woman is heard; she express her fears through a monologue, making confessions from trivial anxiety, grotesque nightmares, to crippling sadness.

</doc>
<doc id="19723947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723947" title="Club Test 01">
Club Test 01

Club Test 01 is Bloom 06's first EP, released on November 28, 2008 in Italy. Other release dates have yet to be announced. This EP includes 4 tracks, consisting of remixes of four tracks from Crash Test 02. The first track is the album mix of "Between the Lines". Following is a re-imagined version of the group's previous hit, Blue (Da Ba Dee), then an English version and remix of "Un'altra Come Te". Ending the EP is a remix of "Welcome to the Zoo", yet to be released for preview.
"Club Test 01" Previews.
On October 7, Bloom 06 announced that there will be a preview of the song ""Blue (Da Ba Dee) 06 2008 Extended Concept"" on their MySpace website. On October 16, ""Being Not Like You (Elektro Pop Remix)"" was posted there as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19723950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723950" title="Marcus Titius">
Marcus Titius

Marcus Titius was a Roman politician (suffect consul in 31 BC) and commander at the end of the Roman Republic.
Descent and Proscription.
Marcus Titius was the son of a "Lucius Titius" and nephew of Lucius Munatius Plancus. The offices which Lucius Titius held are not known but he was proscribed at the end of 43 BC and escaped to Sextus Pompey. Now his son Marcus Titius built a fleet and plundered the coast of Etruria. In 40 BC he was captured in Gallia Narbonensis by Menodoros, a general of Sextus Pompey, but pardoned for his father’s sake. When the triumvirs Mark Antony and Octavian wanted to settle their conflict with Sextus Pompey in the Pact of Misenum in the summer of 39 BC many exiles were allowed to come back to Rome, so Marcus Titius and his father.
Career under Mark Antony.
Probably under the influence of Munatius Plancus his nephew Titius soon became a follower of Mark Antony. In 36 BC Titius took part as Quaestor in the campaign of Antony against Parthia. After the Romans tried in vain to capture "Phraaspa", the capital of Media Atropatene, they withdrew to Armenia, but on their way they were often attacked by the Parthian army. At one of these attacks Titius tried in vain to stop the Tribune Flavius Gallus pursuing the enemy. The army of Gallus was soon surrounded and only saved by Antony when he arrived with the main forces.
In the meantime Sextus Pompey had escaped to Lesbos Island after his final defeat by Octavian (at the end of 36 BC). On the Greek isle he raised a new army and fleet. After the return from the Parthian war Antony learnt of the arrival of Pompey and received his envoys to negotiate about an alliance. But the triumvir was mistrustful and instructed Titius to advance with an army and a fleet against Pompey and if necessary to fight against him. But if Pompey would be willing to submit he should be escorted by Titius to Alexandria. But in the meantime Pompey had landed in northwestern Asia Minor at the beginning of 35 BC without resistance by Gaius Furnius, the governor of the Roman province Asia, because Furnius did not have enough forces and did not know the orders of Antony. So Pompey could capture Lampsacus, Nicaea and Nicomedia but then Titius arrived from Syria with an army and 120 ships. The fleet of Titius was reinforced by 70 ships that arrived from Sicily where they had supported the fleet of Octavian in his battle against Pompey in the previous years. The headquarters of the ships of Titius now was Proconnesus.
Because Titius declined negotiations and had much more ships Sextus Pompey burnt his fleet, integrated its crew within his land forces and wanted to march through Bithynia to Armenia. He was pursued by the armies of Titius, Furnius and Amyntas, the king of Galatia. Pompey was able to inflict losses on his enemies by an assault but soon his situation became quite desperate. He asked the friend of his father, Furnius, for negotiations and offered his surrender if Furnius would accompany him to Antony. But Furnius referred him to Titius, apparently because he was not entitled to conclude an agreement; so it seems that Titius was the supreme commander of the army and therefore since the beginning of 35 BC the new governor of Asia. Pompey declined to surrender to Titius because he had once pardoned him as prisoner and therefore considered him ungrateful. At night Pompey tried to reach the coast with lightly armed troops and to burn the ships of Titius. But his halfbrother Marcus Aemilius Scaurus betrayed the plan so that Amyntas and his 1500 horsemen were able to catch him up near Midaeion in Phrygia and capture him. Pompey was taken to Milet and there executed in the summer of 35 BC at the order of Titius.
If Titius decided this execution on his own or by the order of Antony or Munatius Plancus is uncertain and was already disputed in ancient times. The Roman historian Cassius Dio asserts that Antony ordered the death sentence in a first letter addressed to Titius but canceled this order in a second letter. Nevertheless Pompey was executed either because Titius complied with the letter with the death sentence intentionally or because he mistook it for the second letter. The second possibility is improbable in view of the conditions of the ancient postal system. According to the military historian Appian Titius executed Pompey either because he was angry about a former insult or at the instructions of Antony. In the latter case it was possibly not the triumvir himself but Munatius Plancus who gave the order. The reason was that Antony did not want to appear as the person mainly responsible because his lover, the Egyptian Queen Cleopatra VII, was well-disposed towards Pompey and because of his reputation. In spite of the contradictory sources it seems quite certain that the death sentence was imposed with the knowledge and the agreement of Antony.
Probably Titius held the office of a Pontiff since 34 BC.
In 33 BC the imminent clash of the triumvirs over the sole rule in the whole Roman Empire became apparent. At the beginning of the war preparations Antony assembled his troops in Ephesus (winter 33/32 BC). There Titius together with his uncle Munatius Plancus, Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus and other leading followers of Antony tried in vain to persuade the triumvir to send Cleopatra back to Egypt. Soon Antony moved the headquarters to Samos Island. Apparently Titius accompanied his commander-in-chief to this island because there was found an inscription dedicated to him.
Defection to Octavian.
In June or July 32 BC Munatius Plancus and his nephew Titius defected to Octavian. According to the ancient biographer Plutarch the two men changed their party because they were treated insulting by Cleopatra due to their refusal of her participation in the war. The true reason for their defection may be found in their opportunism. In the past they were friends of Cleopatra who named the city "Titiopolis" in Cilicia after Titius. But during the course of the propagandistic and military preparations of the war the uncle and his nephew might have increasingly doubted that Antony would win the war so that they changed sides. Perhaps their decision was also influenced by quarrels with other leading followers of Antony, Plancus’ relations with Antony which had cooled off and other reasons which were covered up by the propaganda of Octavian. 
The two deserters informed Octavian about the content of Antony’s testament and the place where it was kept. They knew this information because they had earlier signed the testament as witnesses. The later Emperor illegally seized the document that was kept at the Vestal Virgins and found in its (perhaps forged) regulations – especially Antony’s confirmation of the territorial gifts to Cleopatra’s children and his desire to be buried in Egypt – further reasons to obtain full support of the senate and people for his war against Antony.
Career under Octavian-Augustus.
In Rome Titius promoted games in the theatre of Sextus Pompey. But the dead man still enjoyed great popularity. Therefore his murderer was booed off the stage and had quickly to leave the theatre because he was afraid of the excited crowd. From May to October 31 BC Titius was suffect consul. In this function he participated in the last fights before the decisive Battle of Actium. Together with Titus Statilius Taurus he defeated the cavalry of Antony. At this opportunity Deiotarus Philadelphus, the king of Paphlagonia, deserted to Octavian.
In about 13/12 BC Titius became governor of Syria as successor of the close friend and admiral of Octavian, Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa. The Jewish king Herod the Great was able to settle the quarrel between Titius and king Archelaus of Cappadocia, when he accompanied Archelaus to Antioch and there met Titius. Titius also received four children, four grandchildren and two daughters-in-law of the Parthian king Phraates IV as hostages. It is unknown when Titius died.
Marriage.
Titius was married to "Fabia Paullina", the daughter of Quintus Fabius Maximus, the suffect consul of 45 BC. They had no clearly traceable descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="19723951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723951" title="Louis Charles Trabut">
Louis Charles Trabut

Louis Charles Trabut (July 12, 1853 – April 25, 1929) was a French botanist and physician who was a native of Chambéry, department of Savoie. He is remembered for his work involving the flora of Algeria and Tunisia.
Trabut was a professor of natural history at the Faculty of Medicine and Pharmacy of Algiers, and also a consultant physician to the Hôpital Mustapha. With botanist Jules Aimé Battandier (1848–1922), he published several works on Algerian flora, that included the following:
He has several plant species named after him, such as the eucalyptus species "Eucalyptus trabutii".

</doc>
<doc id="19723953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723953" title="Hands Across the Void">
Hands Across the Void

Hands Across the Void is the first full-length album released by Tiny Vipers after signing with Sub Pop Records. It was released July 24, 2007.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jesy Fortino.

</doc>
<doc id="19723955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723955" title="Dhakal">
Dhakal

Dhakal (ढकाल) is one of the most common [Brahmin] last names/surnames found in Nepal. The Dhakals are believed to the direct descendents of Rishi or sage Upamanyu, who is in turn believed to be descended from RishiVasishta. They are believed to have originated from a place called Dhapuk in the Achham District district of mid-western Nepal. Today, many Dhakals are found in India, especially in the Darjeeling district of West Bengal and in Sikkim, and in hilly regions all over Nepal and India. Yaku is known as the birta of Dhakal; Sudap-Terathum is also a famous place from which many Dhakals have emerged.
Religion.
The most common religion of people with this surname is Hinduism. Dhakal is regarded as one of the high-class castes in the Hindu religion. The Dhakals belong to Kanyakubja class of Indian Brahminical order.
Culture.
The culture is a part the traditional Nepali-Hinduism Brahmin culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19723956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723956" title="Bobby Kuntz">
Bobby Kuntz

Robert John "Bobby" Kuntz Sr. (January 10, 1932 – February 7, 2011) was a professional Canadian football linebacker who played eleven seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Toronto Argonauts and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He was a part of the Tiger-Cats 1963 and 1965 Grey Cup winning teams. 
Kuntz's football career began when he moved from Cleveland to Kitchener, Ontario. He was discouraged by football coaches in Cleveland, but at St. Jerome's High School he found Clem Faust, a coach willing to support his desire to play. After playing for McMaster University in Hamilton, and a senior football team in Ontario, he was signed by the Argonauts in 1955 to play his first full season in the CFL. Ten years later, his older brother David died and he was forced with a difficult decision: to return home to join the family electroplating business, or to continue playing football. His decision to return home was short-lived, after only a few months he was coaxed out of retirement by Jim Trimble, coach of the Argo's main rival, the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
During his time in the CFL, Bobby was a fan favourite, particularly in his home town of Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario. Upon his return home after retirement, and rejoining the family business, he become heavily involved in the community. Bobby was a founding member of St. Francis Assisi Parish, and involved with St. Mary's General Hospital Foundation, Mosaic Counselling and Family Services, the United Way, the Congregation of the Resurrection and St. Jerome's University. 
Kuntz was the co-owner of the family's surface finishing company Kuntz Electroplating. He was involved with the business from his retirement in 1966 from football until shortly before his death along with his brother Paul who predeceased him in early 2011. Bobby was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2000, and lived in nursing homes in the last years of his life.
On February 7, 2011, Kuntz died due to complications from Parkinson's disease at the age of 79 in Waterloo, Ontario, surrounded by his wife and children.

</doc>
<doc id="19723957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723957" title="William Penn">
William Penn

William Penn (14 October 1644 – 30 July 1718) was an English real estate entrepreneur, philosopher, early Quaker and founder of the Province of Pennsylvania, the English North American colony and the future Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. He was an early champion of democracy and religious freedom, notable for his good relations and successful treaties with the Lenape Indians. Under his direction, the city of Philadelphia was planned and developed.
In 1681, King Charles II handed over a large piece of his American land holdings to William Penn to satisfy a debt the king owed to Penn's father. This land included present-day Pennsylvania and Delaware. Penn immediately sailed to America and his first step on American soil took place in New Castle in 1682. On this occasion, the colonists pledged allegiance to Penn as their new Proprietor, and the first general assembly was held in the colony. Afterwards, Penn journeyed up river and founded Philadelphia. However, Penn's Quaker government was not viewed favorably by the Dutch, Swedish, and English settlers in what is now Delaware. They had no "historical" allegiance to Pennsylvania, so they almost immediately began petitioning for their own Assembly. In 1704 they achieved their goal when the three southernmost counties of Pennsylvania were permitted to split off and become the new semi-autonomous colony of Lower Delaware. As the most prominent, prosperous and influential "city" in the new colony, New Castle became the capital.
As one of the earlier supporters of colonial unification, Penn wrote and urged for a Union of all the English colonies in what was to become the United States of America. The democratic principles that he set forth in the Pennsylvania Frame of Government served as an inspiration for the United States Constitution. As a pacifist Quaker, Penn considered the problems of war and peace deeply, and included a plan for a United States of Europe ("European Dyet, Parliament or Estates") in his voluminous writings.
Biography.
Early years.
Penn was born in 1644 at Tower Hill, London, the son of English Admiral Sir William Penn, and Margaret Jasper, from a Dutch family, previously the widow of a Dutch captain, and the daughter of a rich merchant from Rotterdam. William Penn, Sr. served in the Commonwealth Navy during the English Civil War and was rewarded by Oliver Cromwell with estates in Ireland. The lands were seized from Irish Catholics in retaliation for the failed Irish Rebellion of 1641. Admiral Penn took part in the restoration of Charles II and was eventually knighted and served in the Royal Navy. At the time of his son’s birth, Captain Penn was twenty-three and an ambitious naval officer in charge of quelling Irish Catholic unrest and blockading Irish ports.
William Penn grew up during the rule of Oliver Cromwell, who succeeded in leading a Puritan rebellion against King Charles I, who was beheaded when Penn was age 5. His father was often at sea. Little William caught smallpox at young age, losing all his hair (he wore a wig until he left college), prompting his parents to move from the suburbs to an estate in Essex. The country life made a lasting impression on young Penn, and kindled in him a love of horticulture. Their neighbor was famed diarist Samuel Pepys, who was friendly at first but later secretly hostile to the Admiral, perhaps embittered in part by his failed seductions of both Penn’s mother and sister Peggy.
Penn was educated first at Chigwell School, by private tutors whilst in Ireland, and later at Christ Church, Oxford. At that time, there were no state schools and nearly all educational institutions were affiliated with the Anglican Church. Children from poor families had to have a wealthy sponsor to get an education, as did Sir Isaac Newton. Penn’s education heavily leaned on the classical authors and “no novelties or conceited modern writers’’ were allowed including William Shakespeare. Foot racing was Penn’s favorite sport, and he would often run the more than three mile (5 km) distance from his home to the school. The school itself was cast in an Anglican mode — strict, humorless, and somber — and teachers had to be pillars of virtue and provide sterling examples to their charges. Though later opposing Anglicanism on religious grounds, Penn absorbed many Puritan behaviors, and was known later for his serious demeanor, strict behavior and lack of humor.
After a failed mission to the Caribbean, Admiral Penn and his family were exiled to his lands in Ireland. It was during this period, when Penn was about fifteen, that he met Thomas Loe, a Quaker missionary, who was maligned by both Catholics and Protestants. Loe was admitted to the Penn household and during his discourses on the “Inner Light”, young Penn recalled later that “the Lord visited me and gave me divine Impressions of Himself.”
A year later, Cromwell was dead, the royalists resurging, and the Penn family returned to England. The middle class aligned itself with the royalists and Admiral Penn was sent on a secret mission to bring back exiled Prince Charles. For his role in restoring the monarchy, Admiral Penn was knighted and gained a powerful position as Commissioner of the Navy.
In 1660, Penn arrived at Oxford and enrolled as a gentleman scholar with an assigned servant. The student body was a volatile mix of swashbuckling Cavaliers (aristocratic Protestants), sober Puritans, and nonconforming Quakers. The new government’s discouragement of religious dissent gave the Cavaliers the license to harass the minority groups. Because of his father’s high position and social status, young Penn was firmly a Cavalier but his sympathies lay with the persecuted Quakers. To avoid conflict, he withdrew from the fray and became a reclusive scholar. Also at this time, Penn was developing his individuality and philosophy of life. He found that he was not in sympathy with either his father’s martial view of the world or his mother’s society-oriented sensibilities, “I had no relations that inclined to so solitary and spiritual way; I was a child alone. A child given to musing, occasionally feeling the divine presence.”
Penn returned home for the extraordinary splendor of the King’s restoration ceremony and was a guest of honor alongside his father, who received a highly unusual royal salute for his services to the Crown. Though undetermined at the time, the Admiral had great hopes for his son’s career under the favor of the King. Back at Oxford, Penn considered a medical career and took some dissecting classes. Rational thought began to spread into science, politics and economics, which he did not take a liking to. When Dean Owen was fired for his free-thinking, Penn and other open-minded students rallied to his side and attended seminars at the dean’s house, where intellectual discussions covered the gamut of new thought. Penn learned the valuable skills of forming ideas into theory, discussing theory through reasoned debate, and testing the theories in the real world. 
He also faced his first moral dilemma. After Owen was censured again after being fired, students were threatened with punishment for associating with him. However, Penn stood by the dean, thereby gaining a fine and reprimand from the university. The Admiral, despairing of the charges, pulled young Penn away from Oxford, hoping to distract him from the heretical influences of the university. The attempt had no effect and father and son struggled to understand each other. Back at school, the administration imposed stricter religious requirements including daily chapel attendance and required dress. Penn rebelled against enforced worship and was expelled. His father, in a rage, attacked young Penn with a cane and forced him from their home. Penn’s mother made peace in the family, which allowed her son to return home but she quickly concluded that both her social standing and her husband’s career were being threatened by their son’s behavior. So at age 18, young Penn was sent to Paris to get him out of view, improve his manners, and expose him to another culture.
In Paris, at the court of young Louis XIV, Penn found French manners far more refined than the coarse manners of his countrymen — but the extravagant display of wealth and privilege did not sit well with him. Though impressed by Notre Dame and the Catholic ritual, he felt uncomfortable with it. Instead he sought out spiritual direction from French Protestant theologian Moise Amyraut, who invited Penn to stay with him in Saumur for a year. The undogmatic Christian humanist talked of a tolerant, adapting view of religion which appealed to Penn, who later stated, “I never had any other religion in my life than what I felt.” By adapting his mentor’s belief in free will, Penn felt unburdened of Puritanical guilt and rigid beliefs, and was inspired to search out his own religious path.
Upon returning to England after two years abroad, he presented to his parents a mature, sophisticated, well-mannered, “modish” gentleman, though Samuel Pepys noted young Penn’s “vanity of the French”. Penn had developed a taste for fine clothes, and for the rest of his life would pay somewhat more attention to his dress than most Quakers. The Admiral had great hopes that his son then had the practical sense and the ambition necessary to succeed as an aristocrat. He had young Penn enroll in law school but soon his studies were interrupted. With warfare with the Dutch imminent, young Penn decided to shadow his father at work and join him at sea. Penn functioned as an emissary between his father and the King, then returned to his law studies. Worrying about his father in battle he wrote, “I never knew what a father was till I had wisdom enough to prize him...I pray God...that you come home secure.” The Admiral returned triumphant but London was in the grip of the plague of 1665. Young Penn reflected on the suffering and the deaths, and the way humans reacted to the epidemic. He wrote that the scourge “gave me a deep sense of the vanity of this World, of the Irreligiousness of the Religions in it.” Further he observed how Quakers on errands of mercy were arrested by the police and demonized by other religions, even accused of causing the plague.
With his father laid low by gout, young Penn was sent to Ireland in 1666 to manage the family landholdings. While there he became a soldier and took part in suppressing a local Irish rebellion. Swelling with pride, he had his portrait painted wearing a suit of armor, his most authentic likeness. His first experience of warfare gave him the sudden idea of pursuing a military career, but the fever of battle soon wore off after his father discouraged him, “I can say nothing but advise to sobriety...I wish your youthful desires mayn’t outrun your discretion.” While Penn was abroad, the Great Fire of 1666 consumed central London. As with the plague, the Penn family was spared. But after returning to the city, Penn was depressed by the mood of the city and his ailing father, so he went back to the family estate in Ireland to contemplate his future. The reign of King Charles had further tightened restrictions against all religious sects other than the Anglican Church, making the penalty for unauthorized worship imprisonment or deportation. The “Five Mile Act” prohibited dissenting teachers and preachers to come within that distance of any borough. The Quakers were especially targeted and their meetings were deemed as criminal.
Religious conversion.
Despite the dangers, Penn began to attend Quaker meetings near Cork. A chance re-meeting with Thomas Loe confirmed Penn’s rising attraction to Quakerism. Soon Penn was arrested for attending Quaker meetings. Rather than state that he was not a Quaker and thereby dodge any charges, he publicly declared himself a member and finally joined the Quakers (the Religious Society of Friends) at the age of 22. In pleading his case, Penn stated that since the Quakers had no political agenda (unlike the Puritans) they should not be subject to laws that restricted political action by minority religions and other groups. Sprung from jail because of his family’s rank rather than his argument, Penn was immediately recalled to London by his father. The Admiral was severely distressed by his son’s actions and took the conversion as a personal affront. His father’s hopes that Penn's charisma and intelligence would win him favor at the court were crushed. Though enraged, the Admiral tried his best to reason with his son but to no avail. His father not only feared for his own position but that his son seemed bent on a dangerous confrontation with the Crown. In the end, young Penn was more determined than ever and the Admiral felt he had no option but to order his son out of the house and to withhold his inheritance.
As Penn became homeless, he began to live with Quaker families. Quakers were relatively strict Christians in the seventeenth century. They refused to bow or take off their hats to social superiors, believing all men equal under God, a belief antithetical to an absolute monarchy which believed the monarch divinely appointed by God. Therefore, Quakers were treated as heretics because of their principles and their failure to pay tithes. They also refused to swear oaths of loyalty to the King. Quakers followed the command of Jesus not to swear, reported in the Gospel of Matthew, 5:34. The basic ceremony of Quakerism is silent meditation in a meeting house, conducted in a group. There is no ritual and no professional clergy, and Quakers disavow the concept of original sin. God's communication comes to each individual directly, and if so moved, the individual shares their revelations, thoughts or opinions with the group. Penn found all these tenets to sit well with his conscience and his heart.
Penn became a close friend of George Fox, the founder of the Quakers, whose movement started in the 1650s during the tumult of the Cromwellian revolution. The times sprouted many new sects besides Quakers, including Seekers, Ranters, Antinomians, Seventh Day Baptists, Soul Sleepers, Adamites, Diggers, Levellers, Anabaptists (such as Mennonites, Mennonite Brethren etc.), Behmenists, Muggletonians, and many others, as the Puritans were more tolerant than the monarchy had been. Following Oliver Cromwell's death, however, the Crown was re-established and the King responded with harassment and persecution of all religions and sects other than Anglicanism. Fox risked his life, wandering from town to town, and he attracted followers who likewise believed that the "God who made the world did not dwell in temples made with hands." By abolishing the church’s authority over the congregation, Fox not only extended the Protestant Reformation more radically, but he helped extend the most important principle of modern political history – the rights of the individual – upon which modern democracies were later founded. Penn traveled frequently with Fox, through Europe and England. He also wrote a comprehensive, detailed explanation of Quakerism along with a testimony to the character of George Fox, in his introduction to the autobiographical "Journal of George Fox". In effect, Penn became the first theologian, theorist, and legal defender of Quakerism, providing its written doctrine and helping to establish its public standing.
Penn in Ireland (1669 - 1670).
In 1669 Penn travelled to Ireland to deal with many of his father's estates. While there, he attended many meetings and stayed with leading Quaker families. He became a great friend of William Morris; a leading Quaker figure in Cork, and often stayed with Morris at Castle Salem near Rosscarbery.
Penn in Germany (1671 - 1677).
Between 1671 and 1677 William Penn made trips to Germany on behalf of the Quaker faith, resulting in a German Settlement that was symbolic in two ways: it was a specifically German-speaking congregation, and it comprised religious dissenters. Pennsylvania has remained the heartland for various branches of Anabaptists: Old Order Mennonites, Ephrata Cloisters, Brethren, and Amish. Pennsylvania also became home for many Lutheran refugees from Catholic provinces (e.g., Salzburg), as well as for German Catholics who also had been discriminated against in their home country.
In Philadelphia, Francis Daniel Pastorius negotiated the purchase of 15,000 acres (61 km²) from his friend William Penn, the proprietor of the colony, and laid out the settlement of Germantown. The German Society of Pennsylvania was established in 1764 and is still functioning today from its headquarters in Philadelphia.
Persecutions.
Penn’s first of many pamphlets, "Truth Exalted", was a "short but sure testimony" against all religions except Quakerism. His strident attack on the Trinity and his branding the Catholic Church as "the Whore of Babylon" and Puritans as "hypocrites and revelers in God" brought him attention from the Anglican Church. He also lambasted all "false prophets, tithemongers, and opposers of perfection". Penn thought it a "ridiculous nonsensical book" that he was "ashamed to read". In 1668, Penn was imprisoned in the Tower of London after writing a follow up tract entitled "The Sandy Foundation Shaken". The Bishop of London ordered that Penn be held indefinitely until he publicly recanted his written statements. The official charge was publication without a license but the real crime was blasphemy, as signed in a warrant by King Charles II.
Penn was placed in solitary confinement in an unheated cell and threatened with a life sentence. He bravely responded, "My prison shall be my grave before I will budge a jot: for I owe my conscience to no mortal man."
Given writing materials in the hope that he would put on paper his retraction, Penn instead wrote another inflammatory treatise, "No Cross, No Crown", remarkable for its historical analysis and citation of sixty-eight authors whose quotations and commentary he had committed to memory and was able to summon without any reference material at hand. Penn petitioned for an audience with the King, which was denied but which led to negotiations on his behalf by one of the royal chaplains. He was released after 8 months of imprisonment.
Though freed, Penn demonstrated no remorse for his aggressive stance and vowed to keep fighting against the wrongs of the Church and the King. For its part, the Crown continued to confiscate Quaker property and put thousands of Quakers in jail. From then on, Penn's religious views effectively exiled him from English society; he was sent down (expelled) from Christ Church, Oxford for being a Quaker, and was arrested several times. Among the most famous of these was the trial following his 1670 arrest with William Meade. Penn was accused of preaching before a gathering in the street, which Penn had deliberately provoked in order to test the validity of the new law against assembly. Penn pleaded for his right to see a copy of the charges laid against him and the laws he had supposedly broken, but the judge (the Lord Mayor of London) refused – even though this right was guaranteed by the law. Furthermore, the judge directed the jury to come to a verdict without hearing the defence.
Despite heavy pressure from the Lord Mayor to convict Penn, the jury returned a verdict of "not guilty". When invited by the judge to reconsider their verdict and to select a new foreman, they refused and were sent to a cell over several nights to mull over their decision. The Lord Mayor then told the jury, "You shall go together and bring in another verdict, or you shall starve", and not only had Penn sent to jail in loathsome Newgate Prison (on a charge of contempt of court), but the full jury followed him, and they were additionally fined the equivalent of a year’s wages each. The members of the jury, fighting their case from prison in what became known as Bushel's Case, managed to win the right for all English juries to be free from the control of judges. This case was one of the more important trials that shaped the future concept of American freedom ("see jury nullification") and was a victory for the use of the writ of habeas corpus as a means of freeing those unlawfully detained. 
With his father dying, Penn wanted to see him one more time and patch up their differences. But he urged his father not to pay his fine and free him, "I intreat thee not to purchase my liberty." But the Admiral refused to let the opportunity pass and he paid the fine, releasing his son.
The old man had gained respect for his son's integrity and courage and told him, "Let nothing in this world tempt you to wrong your conscience." The Admiral also knew that after his death, young Penn would become more vulnerable in his pursuit of justice. In an act which would not only secure his son’s protection but also set the conditions for the founding of Pennsylvania, the Admiral wrote to the Duke of York, the successor to the throne.
The Duke and the King, in return for the Admiral's lifetime service to the Crown, promised to protect young Penn and make him a royal counselor.
Penn was not disinherited and he came into a large fortune, but found himself in jail again for six months as he continued to agitate. After gaining his freedom, he finally married Gulielma Springett in April 1672, after a four year engagement filled with frequent separations. Penn stayed close to home but continued writing his tracts, espousing religious tolerance and railing against discriminatory laws. A minor split developed in the Quaker community between those who favored Penn’s analytical formulations and those that preferred Fox’s simple precepts. But overriding the differences was the fact that the persecution of Quakers had accelerated and Penn again resumed missionary work in Holland and Germany.
Founding of Pennsylvania.
Seeing conditions deteriorating, Penn decided to appeal directly to the King and the Duke. Penn proposed a solution which would solve the dilemma—a mass emigration of English Quakers. Some Quakers had already moved to North America, but the New England Puritans, especially, were as hostile towards Quakers as Anglicans in England were, and some of the Quakers had been banished to the Caribbean. In 1677, a group of prominent Quakers that included Penn purchased the colonial province of West Jersey (half of the current state of New Jersey). That same year, two hundred settlers from the towns of Chorleywood and Rickmansworth in Hertfordshire and other towns in nearby Buckinghamshire arrived, and founded the town of Burlington. George Fox himself had made a journey to America to verify the potential of further expansion of the early Quaker settlements. In 1682, East Jersey was also purchased by Quakers.
With the New Jersey foothold in place, Penn pressed his case to extend the Quaker region. Whether from personal sympathy or political expediency, to Penn’s surprise, the King granted an extraordinarily generous charter which made Penn the world’s largest private (non-royal) landowner, with over . Penn became the sole proprietor of a huge tract of land west of New Jersey and north of Maryland (which belonged to Lord Baltimore), and gained sovereign rule of the territory with all rights and privileges (except the power to declare war). The land of Pennsylvania had belonged to the Duke of York, who acquiesced, but he retained New York and the area around New Castle and the Eastern portion of the Delmarva Peninsula. In return, one-fifth of all gold and silver mined in the province (which had virtually none) was to be remitted to the King and the Crown was freed of a debt to the Admiral of £16,000, equal to £ today.
Penn first called the area “New Wales”, then "Sylvania" (Latin for "forests or woods'"), which King Charles II changed to "Pennsylvania" in honor of the elder Penn. On March 4, 1681, the King signed the charter and the following day Penn jubilantly wrote, “It is a clear and just thing, and my God who has given it me through many difficulties, will, I believe, bless and make it the seed of a nation.” 1682 in England, he drew up a Frame of Government for the Pennsylvania colony. Freedom of worship in the colony was to be absolute, and all the traditional rights of Englishmen were carefully safeguarded. Penn drafted a charter of liberties for the settlement creating a political utopia guaranteeing free and fair trial by jury, freedom of religion, freedom from unjust imprisonment and free elections.
Having proved himself an influential scholar and theoretician, Penn now had to demonstrate the practical skills of a real estate promoter, city planner, and governor for his “Holy Experiment”, the province of Pennsylvania.
Besides achieving his religious goals, Penn had hoped that Pennsylvania would be a profitable venture for himself and his family. But he proclaimed that he would not exploit either the natives or the immigrants, “I would not abuse His love, nor act unworthy of His providence, and so defile what came to me clean.” Though thoroughly oppressed, getting Quakers to leave England and make the dangerous journey to the New World was his first commercial challenge. Some Quaker families had already arrived in Maryland and New Jersey but the numbers were small. To attract settlers in large numbers, he wrote a glowing prospectus, considered honest and well-researched for the time, promising religious freedom as well as material advantage, which he marketed throughout Europe in various languages. Within six months he had parceled out to over 250 prospective settlers, mostly rich London Quakers. Eventually he attracted other persecuted minorities including Huguenots, Mennonites, Amish, Catholics, Lutherans, and Jews from England, France, Holland, Germany, Sweden, Finland, Ireland, and Wales.
Next, he set out to lay the legal framework for an ethical society where power was derived from the people, from “open discourse”, in much the same way as a Quaker Meeting was run. Notably, as the sovereign, Penn thought it important to limit his own power as well. The new government would have two houses, safeguard the rights of private property and free enterprise, and impose taxes fairly. It would call for death for only two crimes, treason and murder, rather than the two hundred crimes under English law, and all cases were to be tried before a jury. Prisons would be progressive, attempting to correct through “workshops” rather than through hellish confinement. The laws of behavior he laid out were rather Puritanical: swearing, lying, and drunkenness were forbidden as well as “idle amusements” such as stage plays, gambling, revels, masques, cock-fighting, and bear-baiting.
All this was a radical departure from the laws and the lawmaking of European monarchs and elites. Over twenty drafts, Penn labored to create his “Framework of Government.” He borrowed liberally from John Locke who later had a similar influence on Thomas Jefferson, but added his own revolutionary idea—the use of amendments—to enable a written framework that could evolve with the changing times. He stated, “Governments, like clocks, go from the motion men give them.” Penn hoped that an amendable constitution would accommodate dissent and new ideas and also allow meaningful societal change without resorting to violent uprisings or revolution. Remarkably, though the Crown reserved the right to override any law it wished, Penn’s skillful stewardship did not provoke any government reaction while Penn remained in his province. Despite criticism by some Quaker friends that Penn was setting himself above them by taking on this powerful position, and by his enemies who thought he was a fraud and “falsest villain upon earth”, Penn was ready to begin the “Holy Experiment”. Bidding goodbye to his wife and children, he reminded them to “avoid pride, avarice, and luxury”.
Back to England.
In 1684, Penn returned to England to see his family and to try to resolve a territorial dispute with Lord Baltimore. 
Penn did not always pay attention to details, and had not taken the fairly simple step of determining where the 40th degree of latitude (the southern boundary of his land under the charter) actually was. After he sent letters to several landowners in Maryland advising the recipients that they were probably in Pennsylvania and not to pay any more taxes to Lord Baltimore, trouble arose between the two proprietors.
Political conditions at home had stiffened since Penn left. To his dismay, he found Bridewell and Newgate prisons filled with Quakers. Internal political conflicts even threatened to undo the Pennsylvania charter. Penn withheld his political writings from publication as “The times are too rough for print.”
In 1685, King Charles died and the Duke of York was crowned James II. The new king resolved the border dispute in Penn’s favor. But King James, a Catholic with a largely Protestant parliament, proved a poor ruler, stubborn and inflexible. Penn supported James' Declaration of Indulgence which granted toleration to Quakers, and went on a "preaching tour through England to promote the King's Indulgence". His proposal at the London Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends in June 1688 to establish an "advisory committee that might offer counsel to individual Quakers deciding whether to take up public office" under James II was rebuffed by George Fox, who argued that it was "not safe to conclude such things in a Yearly Meeting". Penn offered some assistance to James II's campaign to regulate the parliamentary constituencies by sending a letter to a friend in Huntingdon asking him to identify men who could be trusted to support the king's campaign for liberty of conscience.
Penn faced serious problems in the colonies due to his sloppy business practices. Apparently, he could not be bothered with administrative details, and his business manager, fellow Quaker Philip Ford, embezzled substantial sums from Penn's estates. Ford capitalized on Penn's habit of signing papers without reading them. One such paper turned out to be a deed transferring ownership of Pennsylvania to Ford who then demanded a rent beyond Penn's ability to pay. After Ford's death in 1702, his wife, Bridget, had Penn thrown in debtors' prison, but her cruelty backfired. It was unthinkable to have such a person govern a major colony, and in 1708 the Lord Chancellor ruled that "the equity of redemption still remained in William Penn and his heirs."
Return to America.
After agreeing to let Ford keep all his Irish rents in exchange for keeping quiet about Ford’s legal title to Pennsylvania, Penn felt his situation sufficiently improved to return to Pennsylvania with the intention of staying. Accompanied by his wife Hannah, daughter Letitia and secretary James Logan, Penn sailed from the Isle of Wight on the "Canterbury", reaching Philadelphia in December 1699.
Penn received a hearty welcome upon his arrival and found his province much changed in the intervening 18 years. Pennsylvania was growing rapidly and now had nearly 18,100 inhabitants and Philadelphia over 3,000. His tree plantings were providing the green urban spaces he had envisioned. Shops were full of imported merchandise, satisfying the wealthier citizens and proving America to be a viable market for English goods. Most importantly, religious diversity was succeeding. Despite the protests of fundamentalists and farmers, Penn’s insistence that Quaker grammar schools be open to all citizens was producing a relatively educated work force. High literacy and open intellectual discourse led to Philadelphia becoming a leader in science and medicine. Quakers were especially modern in their treatment of mental illness, decriminalizing insanity and turning away from punishment and confinement.
Ironically, the tolerant Penn transformed himself almost into a Puritan, in an attempt to control the fractiousness that had developed in his absence, tightening up some laws. Another change was found in Penn’s writings, which had mostly lost their boldness and vision. In those years, he did put forward a plan to make a federation of all English colonies in America. There have been claims that he also fought slavery, but that seems unlikely, as he owned and even traded slaves himself and his writings do not support that idea. However, he did promote good treatment for slaves, including marriage among slaves (though rejected by the Council). Other Pennsylvania Quakers were more outspoken and proactive, being among the earliest fighters against slavery in America, led by Daniel Pastorius, founder of Germantown, Pennsylvania. Many Quakers pledged to release their slaves upon their death, including Penn, and some sold their slaves to non-Quakers.
The Penns lived comfortably at Pennsbury Manor and had all intentions of living out their life there. They also had a residence in Philadelphia. Their only American child, John, had been born and was thriving. Penn was commuting to Philadelphia on a six-man barge, which he admitted he prized above “all dead things”. 
James Logan, his secretary, kept him acquainted with all the news. Penn had plenty of time to spend with his family and still attend to affairs of state, though delegations and official visitors were frequent. His wife, however, did not enjoy life as a governor’s wife and hostess, and preferred the simple life she led in England. When new threats by France again put Penn’s charter in jeopardy, Penn decided to return to England with his family, in 1701.
Later years.
Penn returned to England and immediately became embroiled in financial and family troubles. His eldest son William, Jr. was leading a dissolute life, neglecting his wife and two children, and running up gambling debts. Penn had hoped to have William succeed him in America. Now he could not even pay his son's debts. His own finances were in turmoil. He had sunk over £30,000 in America and received little back except some bartered goods. He had made many generous loans which he failed to press.
While he was away, Pennsylvanians were exercising their independence from their "father", replacing Penn's constitution with their own, the "Charter of Privileges", which governed them until the American Revolution. They gave voters more power than Penn had by eliminating the Upper House representing the wealthy class, but Jews and non-believers were barred from office.
Making matters worse from Penn's perspective, Philip Ford, his financial advisor, had cheated Penn out of thousands of pounds by concealing and diverting rents from Penn's Irish lands, claiming losses, then extracting loans from Penn to cover the shortfall. When Ford died in 1702, his widow Bridget threatened to sell Pennsylvania, to which she could prove title. Penn sent William to America to manage affairs, but he proved just as unreliable as he had been in England. There were considerable discussions about scrapping his constitution. In desperation, Penn tried to sell Pennsylvania to the Crown before Bridget Ford got wind of his plan, but by insisting that the Crown uphold the civil liberties that had been achieved, he could not strike a deal. Mrs. Ford took her case to court. At age 62, Penn landed in debtors' prison; however, a rush of sympathy reduced Penn's punishment to house arrest, and Bridget Ford was finally denied her claim to Pennsylvania. A group of Quakers arranged for Ford to receive a payment for back rents and Penn was released.
William Penn died penniless in 1718, at his home in Ruscombe, near Twyford in Berkshire, and is buried in a grave next to his first wife in the cemetery of the Jordans Quaker meeting house near Chalfont St Giles in Buckinghamshire in England. His wife as sole executor became the de facto proprietor until she died in 1726.
Family.
Penn first married Gulielmas Marias Posthumas Springetts (1644–1696), daughter of William S. Springett (the Posthuma in her name indicates that her father had died prior to her birth) and Lady Mary Proude Penington. They had three sons and five daughters:
Two years after Gulielma's death he married Hannah Margaret Callowhill (1671–1726), daughter of Thomas Callowhill and Anna (Hannah) Hollister. William Penn married Hannah when she was 25 and he was 52. They had eight children in twelve years. The first two children died in infancy. The other children were:
Legacy.
After Penn’s death, Pennsylvania slowly drifted away from a colony founded by religion to a secular state dominated by commerce. Many of Penn’s legal and political innovations took root, however, as did the Quaker school in Philadelphia for which Penn issued two charters (1689 and 1701). Sometime later, the institution was re-named the William Penn Charter School. "Penn Charter," a well-known secondary day school, is now the oldest Quaker school in the world. Voltaire praised Pennsylvania as the only government in the world responsible to the people and respectful of minority rights. Penn’s "Frame of Government" and his other ideas were later studied by Benjamin Franklin as well as the pamphleteer of the American Revolution, Thomas Paine, whose father was a Quaker. Among Penn's legacies was the unwillingness to force a Quaker majority upon Pennsylvania, allowing his state to develop into a successful “melting pot”. In addition, Thomas Jefferson and the founding Fathers adapted Penn’s theory of an amendable constitution and his vision that “all Persons are equal under God” in forming the federal government following the American Revolution. In addition to Penn’s extensive political and religious treatises, he wrote nearly 1,000 maxims, full of wise observations about human nature and morality.
Penn’s Philadelphia continued to thrive, becoming one of the most populous colonial cities in the British Empire, reaching about 30,000 by the American Revolution, and becoming a center of commerce, science, medicine, and politics. New groups of immigrants in the 18th century included German-speaking peoples and Scots-Irish.
Penn’s family retained ownership of the colony of Pennsylvania until the American Revolution. However, William's son and successor, Thomas Penn, and his brother John, renounced their father’s faith, and fought to restrict religious freedom (particularly for Roman Catholics and later Quakers). Thomas weakened or eliminated the elected assembly's power, and ran the colony instead through his appointed governors. He was a bitter opponent of Benjamin Franklin and Franklin's push for greater democracy in the years leading up to the revolution. Through the infamous Walking Purchase of 1737, the Penns cheated the Lenape out of their lands in the Lehigh Valley.
Posthumous honors.
On November 28, 1984 Ronald Reagan, upon an Act of Congress by Presidential Proclamation 5284 declared William Penn and his second wife, Hannah Callowhill Penn, each to be an Honorary Citizen of the United States.
A bronze statue of William Penn by Alexander Milne Calder exists on top of Philadelphia's City Hall. When installed in 1894, the statue represented the highest point in the city, as City Hall was then the tallest building in Philadelphia. Urban designer Edmund Bacon was known to have said that no gentleman would build taller than the "brim of Billy Penn's hat". This agreement existed for almost 100 years until the city decided to allow skyscrapers taller to be built. In March 1987, the completion of One Liberty Place was the first building to do that.
A lesser-known statue of Penn is located at Penn Treaty Park, on the site where Penn entered into his treaty with the Lenape. In 1893, Hajoca Corporation, the nation's largest privately held wholesale distributor of plumbing, heating and industrial supplies, adopted the statue as its trademark symbol.
A common misconception is that the smiling Quaker logo shown on boxes of Quaker Oats is a depiction of William Penn, but the Quaker Oats Company has stated that this is not true. It is simply a Quaker man who slightly resembles William Penn.
Penn was depicted in the 1941 film "Penn of Pennsylvania" by Clifford Evans.
The William Penn High School for Girls was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The William Penn House - a Quaker hostel and seminar center - was named in honor of William Penn when it opened in 1966 to house Quakers visiting Washington DC to partake in the many protests, events, and social movements of the era. 
Chigwell School, the school he attended, has named one of their four houses after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19723963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723963" title="Sugar Island (Detroit River)">
Sugar Island (Detroit River)

Sugar Island is a small island in the Detroit River between Grosse Ile and Boblo Island. Sugar Island is part of Grosse Ile Township, Wayne County, Michigan, USA, and lies about west of the border with Canada. Currently the island is uninhabited and was recently converted to wildlife refuge by the US Fish and Wildlife service (see below). The majority of the island is wooded and it is known for its white sandy beaches and easy access by boat.
In the early part of the 20th century ("c." 1900-1940), Sugar Island was the site of a resort park and large dance pavilion. Access to the island was by steam ferry, including the . "Tashmoo" met her fate on the night of June 18, 1936 while departing Sugar Island she struck a rock. She was able to land her passengers in Amherstburg, Ontario before sinking.
For many years Sugar island was held in private ownership with plans to build a bridge and residential housing on the island. There were objections to this plan, mainly by environmental groups, as the island is a resting point for many species of migratory birds. The island was recently purchased by the US Fish and Wildlife service for $434,100 and will be made into a wildlife refuge. While the conversion of the island to refuge status is heralded by environmentalists and concerned citizens. However, there is a large population of boaters who will no longer be able to use the island as a weekend gathering space for sunbathing and partying. The island will still be accessible to hunters with in-season permits, as well as educational groups and researchers.

</doc>
<doc id="19723964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723964" title="Winifred Burston">
Winifred Burston

Winifred Charlotte Hillier Crosse Burston (3 April 1889 – 24 June 1976) was an Australian pianist and teacher.
She was born near Caboolture, Queensland, of English-born parents, raised in Brisbane, and taught by her mother, an accomplished pianist. She studied first in Berlin from 1908, under Theodore Bohlmann. From there she went to the United States, teaching at the Cincinnati Conservatory. She went back to Berlin in 1911 to study with Ferruccio Busoni, who became a personal friend, and Egon Petri. She gave a recital at the Aeolian Hall, London, in 1913. From 1919 she taught at the New South Wales State Conservatorium of Music, Sydney. She encouraged the performance of new works from Europe and gave Australian premieres of such pieces as Busoni's "Indian Fantasy" (1914), Frederick Delius's Piano Concerto and some of Franz Liszt's later compositions.
From the 1930s Burston gave many recitals for the Australian Broadcasting Commission. She promoted piano music by Australian composers and developed an especially warm relationship with Roy Agnew, whose works she performed and whose music she introduced and taught to her pupils. She also travelled interstate as an examiner for the Australian Music Examinations Board until shortly before her death.
Her pupils included Geoffrey Parsons, Richard Meale and Larry Sitsky. Her interests extended beyond music to the arts generally, and she encouraged her students to read literature such as the works of William Faulkner and Gertrude Stein. While considered formidable, and having a direct, sometimes blunt manner, she was also a confidante to her pupils, who remembered her with great affection and remained in touch with her long after their study with her finished. Larry Sitsky remembered her in his "Fantasia No. 2 in Memory of Winifred Burston" (1980). He described her as "absolutely the right teacher. She was never dogmatic. Her ethos was that she would open doors and she would encourage you to explore. The repertoire wasn't fixed in any way".
Winifred Burston retired from the Conservatorium in 1964 and was succeeded by Gordon Watson. Some years earlier she and Watson had jointly guided Larry Sitsky to undertake study with Egon Petri, who had taught both of them. 
She died on 24 June 1976 in Edgecliff, New South Wales and was cremated. A fund was established to endow a scholarship in her memory at the Canberra School of Music.
Later there was an attempt made to set up a music scholarship fund in Winifred Burston's honour. The initiators of the fund were Larry Sitsky, Alan Jenkins and Ken Henderson, and people such as Marjorie Hesse and Dame Joan Hammond were involved.

</doc>
<doc id="19723966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723966" title="Louis Bigmann">
Louis Bigmann

Louis-Emile Bigmann (1897–1986) was a Gabonese politician.
Early life and political career.
A member of the Mpongwe people, he was born and lived in Baraka, Gabon. Bigmann attended the Ecole Montfort in Libreville, Gabon's capital. Noted Mpongwe critic of colonialism Laurent Antchouey and he founded the "L'Echo Gabonais" in Dakar in 1922.
Bigmann was appointed President of the National Assembly by Gabonese President Leon M'ba in 1961 while its former officeholder, Paul Gondjout, was incarcerated.
1964 Gabon coup d'état.
During the night of 17 February and the early morning of 18 February 1964, 150 members of the Gabonese military, gendarmerie, and police, headed by Lieutenant Jacques Mombo and Valére Essone, seized the presidential palace. The gendarmes on duty claimed that this was but a military exercise. However, during the "exercise" the lieutenants dragged President M'ba from his bed at gunpoint. Bongo heard this noise and telephoned Bigmann to find out what had happened. Bigmann arrived at the presidential palace and asked the rebels what Bongo had asked him. At this point they opened the gates and arrested him too. The plotters subsequently arrested every member of the Gabonese cabinet except the respected technician André Gustave Anguilé. On Radio Libreville, the military announced to the Gabonese people that a coup d'état had taken place, asked for technical assistance, and told the French not to interfere in this matter. M'ba was forced to broadcast a speech acknowledging his defeat, in which he said, "The D-Day is here, the injustices are beyond measure, these people are patient, but their patience has limits. It came to a boil."
No blood was shed during the event, and when the Gabonese people did not respond violently the military interpreted this as a sign of approval. Aubame was offered the presidency of the newly formed provisional government. The government was composed of civilian politicians from both the UDSG and BDG, such as Gondjout. During the coup, he served as Minister of State. The coup's leaders were content at restoring security for the civilians. The small Gabonese army did not intervene; composed mostly of French officers, they remained in their barracks.
The provisional government gave instructions to transfer M'ba to Aubame's electoral stronghold, Njolé. Due to heavy rain, the deposed president was sent to Lambaréné, north of Libreville. The new head of government contacted French ambassador Paul Cousseran, to assure him that the property of foreign nationals would be protected and to request against French military intervention. In Paris, President Charles de Gaulle decided against the plea.
M'ba was one of France's most loyal African allies, and during a visit to France in 1961, declared, "all Gabonese have two fatherlands: France and Gabon." Moreover, under his regime, Europeans were particularly well treated. The French authorities therefore decided, in accordance with signed Franco-Gabon agreements, to restore the legitimate government. Intervention could not commence without a formal request to the Head of State of Gabon. Since M'ba was imprisoned, the French contacted the Vice President of Gabon, Paul-Marie Yembit, who had not been arrested. However, he remained unaccounted for; therefore, they decided to compose a predated letter confirming their intervention, that Yembit would later sign. Less than 24 hours later, French troops stationed in Dakar and Brazzaville landed in Libreville and restored M'ba to power. During the operation, a French soldier and 15 to 25 Gabonese died.

</doc>
<doc id="19723975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723975" title="Al-Ittihad Club (Nablus)">
Al-Ittihad Club (Nablus)

Al-Ittihad Club is a Palestinian football club based in Nablus that participates in the West Bank Premier League. They use the stadium of Nablus.

</doc>
<doc id="19723982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723982" title="Parachuting">
Parachuting

Parachuting, or skydiving, is the action sport of exiting an aircraft and returning to Earth with the aid of gravity, then slowing down during the last part of the descent by using a parachute (or other means - in 2012, British stuntman Gary Connery used a wing suit and a specially prepared box landing rig for this). It may or may not involve a certain amount of free-fall, a time during which the parachute has not been deployed and the body gradually accelerates to terminal velocity.
The history of skydiving starts with Andre-Jacques Garnerin who made successful descents using a canvas canopy and small basket, tethered beneath a hot-air balloon. The first intentional freefall jump with a ripcord-operated deployment is credited to Leslie Irvin in 1919 ; however, the stunt jumper Georgina "Tiny" Broadwick claimed to have made earlier freefall jumps simply by cutting her static-line and manually pulling the remaining cord-end after falling away from the aircraft. The military developed parachuting technology as a way to save aircrews from emergencies aboard balloons and aircraft in flight, and later as a way of delivering soldiers to the battlefield. Early competitions date back to the 1930s, and it became an international sport in 1952.
Parachuting is performed as a recreational activity and a competitive sport, as well as for the deployment of military personnel Airborne forces and occasionally forest firefighters.
A skydiving center can be a commercial operation or a club, usually operates at an airport, and provides one or more aircraft that takes groups of skydivers up for a fee. An individual jumper can go up in a light aircraft such as a Cessna 172 or Cessna 182. At busier drop zones (DZs) larger turbine-powered aircraft may be used: such as the Cessna 208, de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter, GippsAero GA8 Airvan or Short SC.7 Skyvan.
A typical sport parachuting jump involves individuals exiting an aircraft (usually an airplane, but sometimes a helicopter or even the gondola of a balloon), at anywhere from 1,000 to 4,000 meters (3,000 to 13,000 feet) altitude. If jumping from a low altitude, the parachute is usually deployed immediately; however, at higher altitudes, the skydiver may free-fall for up to ~1 minute deploying their main parachute, typically at an altitude of 1000m (~3,500 ft), and landing several minutes later.
After the parachute opens, the jumper can control the direction and speed with toggles on the end of steering lines that attach to the trailing edge of the parachute, and can aim for the landing site and come to a relatively gentle stop. All modern sport parachutes are self-inflating "ram-air" wings that provide control of speed and direction similar to the related paragliders. Purists in either sport would note that paragliders have much greater lift and range, but that parachutes are designed to absorb the stresses of deployment at relatively terminal velocity (~190 km/h).
By manipulating the shape of the body in freefall, a skydiver can generate turns, forward motion, backwards motion, and even lift (relative to other jumpers, not the ground).
When leaving an aircraft, for a few seconds a skydiver continues to travel forward as well as down, due to the momentum imparted by the aircraft's motion (known as "forward throw"). The perception of a change from horizontal to vertical flight is known as the "relative wind", or informally as "being on the hill". In freefall, skydivers generally do not experience a "falling" sensation because the resistance of the air to their body at speeds above about provides some feeling of weight and direction. At normal exit speeds for aircraft (approx ) there is little feeling of falling just after exit, but jumping from a relatively stationary balloon or helicopter can create this sensation. Skydivers reach terminal velocity (around for belly to Earth orientations, 240–320 km/h (150–200 mph) for head down orientations) and are no longer accelerating towards the ground. At this point the sensation is as of a forceful wind.
Many people make their first jump with an experienced and trained instructor – this type of skydive may be in the form of a tandem skydive. During the tandem jump the instructor is responsible for emergency procedures in the unlikely event that they will be needed, therefore freeing the student to concentrate on learning to skydive. Other training methods include static line, IAD (Instructor Assisted Deployment), and AFF (Accelerated Free fall) also known as Progressive Free-Fall (PFF) in Canada.
Safety.
Despite the perception of danger, fatalities are rare. However, each year a number of people are hurt or killed parachuting worldwide. About 21 skydivers are killed each year in the US, roughly one death for every 150,000 jumps (about 0.0007%).
In the US and in most of the western world skydivers are required to carry two parachutes. The reserve parachute must be periodically inspected and re-packed (whether used or not) by a certificated parachute rigger (in the US, an FAA certificated parachute rigger). Many skydivers use an automatic activation device (AAD) that opens the reserve parachute at a pre-determined altitude if it detects that the skydiver is still in free fall. Most skydivers wear a visual altimeter, and an increasing number also use audible altimeters fitted to their helmet.
Injuries and fatalities occurring under a fully functional parachute usually happen because the skydiver performed unsafe maneuvers or made an error in judgment while flying their canopy, typically resulting in a high speed impact with the ground or other hazards on the ground. One of the most common sources of injury is a low turn under a high-performance canopy and while swooping. Swooping is the advanced discipline of gliding at high speed parallel to the ground during landing. 
Changing wind conditions are another risk factor. In conditions of strong winds, and turbulence during hot days the parachutist can be caught in downdrafts close to the ground. Shifting winds can cause a crosswind or downwind landing which have a higher potential for injury due to the wind speed adding to the landing speed.
Another risk factor is that of "canopy collisions", or collisions between two or more skydivers under fully inflated parachutes. Canopy collisions can cause the jumpers' inflated parachutes to entangle with each other, often resulting in a sudden collapse (deflation) of one or more of the involved parachutes. When this occurs, the jumpers often must quickly perform emergency procedures (if there is sufficient altitude to do so) to "cut-away" (jettison) from their main canopies and deploy their reserve canopies. Canopy collisions are particularly dangerous when occurring at altitudes too low to allow the jumpers adequate time to safely jettison their main parachutes and fully deploy their reserve parachutes.
Equipment failure rarely causes fatalities and injuries. Approximately one in 750 deployments of a main parachute result in a malfunction. Ram-air parachutes typically spin uncontrollably when malfunctioning, and must be jettisoned before deploying the reserve parachute. Reserve parachutes are packed and deployed differently; they are also designed more conservatively and built and tested to more exacting standards so they are more reliable than main parachutes, but the real safety advantage comes from the probability of an unlikely main malfunction multiplied by the even less likely probability of a reserve malfunction. This yields an even smaller probability of a double malfunction although the possibility of a main malfunction that cannot be cutaway causing a reserve malfunction is a very real risk.
Parachuting disciplines such as BASE jumping or those that involve equipment such as wing suit flying and sky surfing have a higher risk factor due to the lower mobility of the jumper and the greater risk of entanglement. For this reason these disciplines are generally practised by experienced jumpers.
Depictions in commercial films – notably Hollywood action movies – usually overstate the dangers of the sport. Often, the characters in such films are shown performing feats that are physically impossible without special effects assistance. In other cases, their practices would cause them to be grounded or shunned at any safety-conscious drop zone or club. USPA member drop zones in the US and Canada are required to have an experienced jumper act as a "safety officer" (in Canada DSO – Drop Zone Safety Officer; in the U.S. S&TA – Safety and Training Advisor) who is responsible for dealing with jumpers who violate rules, regulations, or otherwise act in a fashion deemed unsafe by the appointed individual.
In many countries, either the local regulations or the liability-conscious prudence of the dropzone owners require that parachutists must have attained the age of majority before engaging in the sport.
Weather.
Parachuting in poor weather, especially with thunderstorms, high winds, and dust devils can be a dangerous activity. Reputable drop zones will suspend normal operations during inclement weather.
Canopy collisions.
A collision with another canopy is a statistical hazard, and may be avoided by observing simple principles.
Training.
Skydiving can be practiced without jumping. Vertical wind tunnels are used to practice for free fall ("indoor skydiving" or "bodyflight"), while virtual reality parachute simulators are used to practise parachute control.
Beginning skydivers seeking training have the following options:
Parachute deployment.
At a sport skydiver's deployment altitude, the individual manually deploys a small pilot-chute which acts as a drogue, catching air and pulling out the main parachute or the main canopy. There are two principal systems in use: the "throw-out", where the skydiver pulls a toggle attached to the top of the pilot-chute stowed in a small pocket outside the main container: and the "pull-out", where the skydiver pulls a small pad attached to the pilot-chute which is stowed inside the container.
Throw-out pilot-chute pouches are usually positioned at the bottom of the container – the B.O.C. deployment system – but older harnesses often have leg-mounted pouches. The latter are safe for flat-flying, but often unsuitable for freestyle or head-down flying.
In a typical civilian sport parachute system, the pilot-chute is connected to a line known as the "bridle", which in turn is attached to a small deployment bag that contains the folded parachute and the canopy suspension lines, which are stowed with rubber bands. At the bottom of the container that holds the deployment bag is a closing loop which, during packing, is fed through the grommets of the four flaps that are used to close the container. At that point, a curved pin that is attached to the bridle is inserted through the closing loop. The next step involves folding the pilot-chute and placing it in a pouch (e.g., B.O.C pouch).
Activation begins when the pilot chute is thrown out. It inflates and creates drag, pulling the pin out of the closing loop and allowing the pilot-chute to pull the deployment bag from the container. The parachute lines are pulled loose from the rubber bands and extend as the canopy starts to open. A rectangular piece of fabric called the "slider" (which separates the parachute lines into four main groups fed through grommets in the four respective corners of the slider) slows the opening of the parachute and works its way down until the canopy is fully open and the slider is just above the head of the skydiver. The slider slows and controls the deployment of the parachute. Without a slider, the parachute would inflate fast, potentially damaging the parachute fabric and/or suspension lines. During a normal deployment, a skydiver will generally experience a few seconds of intense deceleration, in the realm of 3 to 4 G, while the parachute slows the descent from to approximately 28 km/h.
If a skydiver experiences a malfunction of their main parachute which they cannot correct, they pull a "cut-away" handle on the front right-hand side of their harness (on the chest) which will release the main canopy from the harness/container. Once free from the malfunctioning main canopy, the reserve canopy can be activated manually by pulling a second handle on the front left harness. Some containers are fitted with a connecting line from the main to reserve parachutes – known as a reserve static line (RSL) – which pulls open the reserve container faster than a manual release could. Whichever method is used, a spring-loaded pilot chute then extracts the reserve parachute from the upper half of the container.
Variations.
In addition to disciplines for which people train, purchase equipment and get coaching/lessons, the recreational skydiver finds ways to just have fun.
Hit and Rock.
One example of this is "Hit and Rock", which is a variant of Accuracy landing devised to let people of varying skill levels compete for fun. "Hit and Rock" is originally from POPS (Parachutists Over Phorty Society). See the POPS main site. The object is to land as close as possible to the chair, remove the parachute harness, sprint to the chair, sit fully in the chair and rock back and forth at least one time. The contestant is timed from the moment that feet touch the ground until that first rock is completed. This event is considered a race.
Tracking.
Tracking is where skydivers take a body position to achieve a high forward speed, flying their body to achieve separation from other jumpers and cover distance over the ground.
Pond swooping.
Pond swooping is a form of competitive parachuting wherein canopy pilots attempt to touch down and glide across a small body of water, and onto the shore. Events provide lighthearted competition, rating accuracy, speed, distance and style. Points and peer approval are reduced when a participant "chows", or fails to reach shore and sinks into the water. Swoop ponds are not deep enough to drown in under ordinary circumstances, their main danger being from the concussive force of an incorrectly executed maneuver. In order to gain distance, swoopers increase their speed by executing a "hook turn," wherein which both speed and difficulty increase with the angle of the turn. Hook turns are most commonly measured in increments of 90 degrees. As the angle of the turn increases, both horizontal and vertical speed are increased, such that a misjudgement of altitude or imprecise manipulation of the canopy's control structures (front risers, rear risers, and toggles) can lead to a high speed impact with the pond or Earth. Prevention of injury is the main reason why a pond is used for swooping rather than a grass landing area.
Cross-country.
A cross-country jump is a skydive where the participants open their parachutes immediately after jumping, with the intention of covering as much ground under canopy as possible. Usual distance from Jump Run to the dropzone can be as much as several miles.
Camera flying.
In camera flying, a camera person jumps with other skydivers and films them. The camera flier often wears specialized equipment, such as a winged jumpsuit to provide a greater range of fall rates, helmet-mounted video and still cameras, mouth operated camera switches, and optical sights. Some skydivers specialize in camera flying and a few earn fees for filming students on coached jumps or tandem-jumpers, or producing professional footage and photographs for the media.
There is always a demand for good camera fliers in the skydiving community, as many of the competitive skydiving disciplines are judged from a video record.
Night jumps.
Parachuting is not always restricted to daytime hours; experienced skydivers sometimes perform night jumps. For safety reasons, this requires more equipment than a usual daytime jump and in most jurisdictions it requires both an advanced skydiving license (at least a B-License in the U.S.) and a meeting with the local safety official covering who will be doing what on the load. A lighted altimeter (preferably accompanied with an audible altimeter) is a must. Skydivers performing night jumps often take flashlights up with them so that they can check their canopies have properly deployed.
Visibility to other skydivers and other aircraft is also a consideration; FAA regulations require skydivers jumping at night to be wearing a light visible for three miles (5 km) in every direction, and to turn it on once they are under canopy. A chem-light(glowstick) is a good idea on a night jump.
Night jumpers should be made aware of the Dark Zone, when landing at night. Above 30 meters (100 feet) jumpers flying their canopy have a good view of the landing zone normally because of reflected ambient light/moon light. Once they get close to the ground, this ambient light source is lost, because of the low angle of reflection. The lower they get, the darker the ground looks. At about 100 feet and below it may seem that they are landing in a black hole. Suddenly it becomes very dark, and the jumper hits the ground soon after. This ground rush should be explained and anticipated for the first time night jumper.
Stuff jumps.
With the availability of a rear door aircraft and a large, unpopulated space to jump over, 'stuff' jumps become possible. In these jumps the skydivers jump out with some object. Rubber raft jumps are popular, where the jumpers sit in a rubber raft. Cars, bicycles, motorcycles, vacuum cleaners, water tanks and inflatable companions have also been thrown out the back of an aircraft. At a certain height the jumpers break off from the object and deploy their parachutes, leaving it to smash into the ground at terminal velocity.
Tunnel flying.
Using a vertical wind tunnel to simulate free fall has become a discipline of its own and is not only used for training but has its own competitions, teams and figures.
Organizations.
National parachuting associations exist in many countries, many affiliated with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI), to promote their sport. In most cases, national representative bodies, as well as local drop zone operators, require that participants carry certification, attesting to their training, their level of experience in the sport, and their proven competence. Anyone who cannot produce such bona-fides is treated as a student, requiring close supervision.
The primary organization in the United States is the United States Parachute Association (USPA)[http://www.uspa.org]. This organization awards licenses and ratings for all American skydiving activities based on safety qualifications. The USPA governs safety in the sport of skydiving as this is the organization's sole responsibility and also publishes the Skydivers Information Manual (SIM) and many other resources. In Canada, the Canadian Sport Parachuting Association is the lead organization. In South Africa the sport is managed by the Parachute Association of South Africa, and in the United Kingdom by the British Parachute Association.
Within the sport, associations promote safety, technical advances, training-and-certification, competition and other interests of their members. Outside their respective communities, they promote their sport to the public, and often intercede with government regulators.
Competitions are organized at regional, national and international levels in most these disciplines. Some of them offer amateur competition.
Many of the more photogenic/videogenic variants also enjoy sponsored events with prize money for the winners.
The majority of jumpers tend to be non-competitive, enjoying the opportunity to "get some air" with their friends on weekends and holidays. The atmosphere of their gatherings is relaxed, sociable and welcoming to newcomers. Party events, called "boogies" are arranged at local, national and international scale, each year, attracting both young jumpers and their elders – Parachutists Over Phorty (POPs), Skydivers Over Sixty (SOS) and even older groups.
Drop zones.
In parachuting, a drop zone or DZ is the area above and around a location where a parachutist freefalls and expects to land. It is usually situated beside a small airport, often sharing the facility with other general aviation activities. There is generally a landing area designated for parachute landings. Drop zone staff include the DZO (drop zone operator or owner), manifestors, pilots, instructors, coaches, cameramen, packers, riggers and other general staff.
Equipment.
Costs in the sport are not trivial. As new technological advances or performance enhancements are introduced, they tend to drive equipment prices higher. Similarly, the average skydiver carries more equipment than in earlier years, with safety devices (such as an AAD) contributing a significant portion of the cost.
A full set of brand-new equipment can easily cost as much as a new motorcycle or half a small car. The market is not large enough to permit the steady lowering of prices that is seen with some other equipment like computers.
In many countries, the sport supports a used-equipment market. For beginners that is the preferred way to acquire "gear", and has two advantages because users can:
Novices generally start with parachutes that are large and docile relative to the jumper's body-weight. As they improve in skill and confidence, they can graduate to smaller, faster, more responsive parachutes. An active jumper might change parachute canopies several times in the space of a few years, while retaining his or her first harness/container and peripheral equipment.
Older jumpers, especially those who jump only on weekends in summer, sometimes tend in the other direction, selecting slightly larger, more gentle parachutes that do not demand youthful intensity and reflexes on each jump. They may be adhering to the maxim that: "There are old jumpers and there are bold jumpers, but there are no old, bold jumpers." (Pilots have much the same saying.)
Most parachuting equipment is ruggedly designed and is enjoyed by several owners before being retired. Purchasers are always advised to have any potential purchases examined by a qualified parachute rigger. A rigger is trained to spot signs of damage or misuse. Riggers also keep track of industry product and safety bulletins, and can therefore determine if a piece of equipment is up-to-date and serviceable.

</doc>
<doc id="19723986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723986" title="Echizen-Tano Station">
Echizen-Tano Station


</doc>
<doc id="19723989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723989" title="Carl Moos">
Carl Moos

Carl Moos (29 October 1878 – 9 July 1959) was a Swiss artist and illustrator.
He was born in Munich, German Empire and died in Zürich. He was part of the artist group "die Sechs" together with Friedrich Heubner, Valentin Zietara, Emil Preetorius, Max Schwarzer and Franz Paul Glass.
In 1928 he won a silver medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his "Posters".

</doc>
<doc id="19724005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724005" title="Main One (cable system)">
Main One (cable system)

The Main One Cable is a submarine communications cable stretching from Portugal to South Africa with landings along the route in various west African countries. On April 28, 2008, it was announced that Main Street Technologies has awarded a turnkey supply contract for the Main One Cable System to Tyco Telecommunications.
The cable system spans 14,000 km and provides additional capacity for international and Internet connectivity to countries between Portugal and South Africa on the west coast of Africa. The submarine cable project was designed in two phases, both of which were scheduled for completion in May 2010. The dual fiber pair, 1.28-Tbit/s, DWDM project connects Nigeria, Ghana, and Portugal in Phase 1 with onward connectivity through Portugal to Europe, Asia and the Americas. The Phase 1 cable system spans 6,900 kilometres. Additional connectivity extending to Angola and South Africa occurred in the second phase of the project.
Main One provides international capacity into a region that has experienced explosive growth in tele-density in recent years, but which remains constrained with respect to access to international cable capacity for global connectivity. The system is being developed by Main Street Technologies headquartered in Lagos, Nigeria. An October 10, 2008 press release states that the desk top study and engineering for the system has been completed. On July 22, 2010 the cable was launched.
Project management and engineering for the cable system has been contracted to specialist undersea consulting firm, Pioneer Consulting.
Path.
The Main One Cable is an undersea cable system stretching from Portugal to South Africa with landings along the route in various west African countries.
Landing points.
The Main One cable system has the following landing points in operation in July 2010:
planned landing points for phase 2 are:
Impact.
Main One will provide international capacity into a region that has experienced explosive growth in tele-density in recent years, but which remains constrained with respect to access to international cable capacity for global connectivity.
The Main One Cable system will provide open access to regional telecom operators and Internet service providers at rates that are less than 20% of current international bandwidth prices in the region available via SAT3 or satellite service providers, according to the project's organizers. Main Street says it will encourage local content development via skills transfer of critical networking technologies and job creation with the location of the network operational center (NOC) for the entire system in Nigeria.
Ownership.
The cable is privately owned by Main Street Technologies, international investors like the Africa Finance Corporation and the Pan-African Infrastructure Development Fund (PAIDF) and a couple of Nigerian banks.
Progress.
On April 28, 2008, it was announced that Main Street Technologies has awarded a turnkey supply contract for the Main One Cable System to Tyco Telecommunications.
On July 1, 2010 press release states that Main One has been completed and commissioned. The cable went live on July 22, 2010.
See also.
Individual cable systems off the west coast of Africa include:

</doc>
<doc id="19724009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724009" title="Pakistan–Tajikistan relations">
Pakistan–Tajikistan relations

Pakistan–Tajikistan relations are the foreign relations between Pakistan and Tajikistan. Relations date back when both nations were part of the Persian Empire at one time, so much to an extent that both are Sunni and the countries have the same cultural traditions in common especially because of deep Turanian and Persian influences in the two countries. Relations between the two states were established when the republic of Tajikistan became independent following the collapse of the USSR. Trade and cooperation has steadily grown between the two nations, with several summits being held on how to improve bilateral trade. 
In March 2008 Said Saidbaig, the Tajik Ambassador, announced that his country would be able to export cheap electricity to Pakistan and Iran.
The two countries are only 10 miles (17 km) at their closest point and there are at least 1.2 million Tajiks living in Pakistan. Tajiks have historically, travelled to the region of Pakistan as technocrats, bureaucrats, soldiers, traders, scientists, architects, teachers, theologians and Sufis during the Islamic Sultanates and Mughal Empire and settled permanently. There are many shrines doted throughout Pakistan in honour of noted Tajik noblemen. Many Pakistanis claim Tajik ancestry. In recent years, many Tajiks from Tajikistan have also settled in Pakistan due to the economic conditions prevalent in their home country, many have settled in the northern city of Ishkuman. In 1979, with the invasion by the Soviet Union of Afghanistan, a large number of Tajik refugees from that country came and settled throughout Pakistan. Exact numbers are difficult to ascertain as many don't have official identity cards or are counted as being Chitrali or Gilgiti in official census figures. There also large number of Tajiks from Afghanistan that have settled in Pakistan permanently. Many Tajiks refugees from Tajikistan lived in Pakistan and some of them returned to Tajikistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19724023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724023" title="The Starter Wife">
The Starter Wife

The Starter Wife may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19724025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724025" title="50 Greatest Hits">
50 Greatest Hits

50 Greatest Hits is three-disc compilation from country music singer Reba McEntire. The album's release was announced in August 2008 on her official website. Spanning her tenure with MCA Records beginning in 1984, the album features 20 #1 hits and 46 Top 10 singles. It was released on October 28, 2008 in the United States and Canada a week later. 
The album debuted at #67 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart for the week of November 15, 2008 and it peaked at #41 for the week of February 20, 2010. The album stayed on the chart's for 35 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19724042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724042" title="Max Feldbauer">
Max Feldbauer

Max Feldbauer (14 February 1869 – 20 November 1948) was a German artist. He was born in Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz and died in Münchshöfen. In 1928, he won a bronze medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his "Mailcoach".

</doc>
<doc id="19724057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724057" title="Alpine Theatre Project">
Alpine Theatre Project

Alpine Theatre Project is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit professional theatre company based in Whitefish, Montana. It presents musicals, plays and concerts. It also provides education and outreach to students in Montana's Flathead Valley.
About the Company.
History.
ATP was formed in December, 2004 by actors David Ackroyd, Betsi Morrison and Luke Walrath. All three actors moved to Montana's Flathead Valley after sustaining successful careers on stage, in film and on television. Alpine Theatre Project was formed with the vision of creating a professional regional theatre within the outdoor recreational environment of Northwest Montana.
Structure.
Alpine Theatre Project is governed by a 15-member volunteer Board of Directors. It is managed by a full-time staff of 3. It hires full-time seasonal staff for its operations throughout the year.
Performance Space.
Alpine Theatre Project operates mainly out of the newly renovated Whitefish Performing Art Center. The 454 seat auditorium is housed in the Whitefish Middle School and is owned by the Whitefish School District. The $5.5 million renovation was funded through private community donations.
Union Affiliations.
ATP operates under contract agreements with the following professional theatrical unions:
Programs.
Summer Season.
Alpine Theatre Project produces the bulk of its shows during the summer months. Currently, it runs two musicals and one play during the summer. Each production runs 6 performances per week for 2–3 weeks.
Yuletide Affair.
ATP produces the "Yuletide Affair" every December. This annual holiday concerts changes format from year to year and features holiday songs and skits with a roster of ATP recurring artists.
Onstage with the Glacier Symphony and Chorale.
In January, 2007, ATP began collaborating with the Glacier Symphony and Chorale in presenting classic musicals in concert with a full symphony orchestra.
Other Programs.
Alpine Theatre Project also produces other concerts and fundraisers throughout the year. These concerts vary in content and format, and take place in various communities around the Flathead Valley.
Education & Outreach.
Internships.
The ATP Internship program was begun in 2005 to offer theatre students in high-school and college a practical arts education. Interns work alongside ATP professionals during the summer seasonin every production department, including administrative. Students are eligible for college credit.
Alpine Kids! Theatre Project (AKTP).
In 2008, ATP began offering theatre education to youth in the Flathead Valley. The after-school program offers education through performance, taught by ATP's company of artists. In Fall, 2008, AKTP will begin incorporating these classes into work on a full production for kids, by kids.

</doc>
<doc id="19724058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724058" title="Chewbacca">
Chewbacca

Chewbacca is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise, portrayed by Peter Mayhew.
Creation.
Chewbacca's creation as a "gentle, hairy, non-English-speaking co-pilot" was inspired by George Lucas seeing his own dog sitting up on the passenger seat of his car. The dog, named Indiana, also inspired the name of the lead character in another one of Lucas' film franchises - Indiana Jones. It is said that Chewbacca's name is derived from "собака" (sobaka), the Russian word for "dog". 
Chewbacca, a 200 year old Wookiee, became Han Solo's first mate and companion after Solo, then an Imperial Captain, refused an order to kill him while Chewbacca was a slave of the Empire. Solo was dismissed from the Imperial Navy for disobedience and became a smuggler. Chewbacca owed a life debt to Han and would protect Han Solo for the rest of his life. Chewbacca was named one of the "greatest sidekicks" in film history by "Entertainment Weekly". 
In all four screen appearances, Chewbacca was played by Peter Mayhew, who was chosen for his height — 7'3" (2.2 m). Five identical costumes were made for Mayhew to wear. In the three original films and a holiday special, the suits were made of yak hair and mohair. For "Revenge of the Sith", the suit was made of more comfortable materials, though Mayhew's filming only lasted for a day. Only Mayhew's blue eyes could be seen in his costume, but fans easily recognize him by his distinctive gestures; his co-workers said they were able to tell when a stand-in was taking his place.
Chewbacca's voice was created by the original films' sound designer, Ben Burtt, from a mix of recordings of walruses, lions, camels, bears, rabbits, tigers and badgers in Burtt's personal library. The individual recordings were mixed at different ratios for Chewbacca's different utterances. One of the most prominent elements in the voice was a black bear named Tarik, from Happy Hollow Zoo in San Jose, California.
Appearances.
Films.
First appearing in "", Chewbacca and Han Solo accept a charter to take Luke Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi and droids C-3PO and R2-D2 to the planet Alderaan. When they find that the planet has been destroyed by the Death Star, however, the two smugglers are drawn into the Rebel Alliance. 
In ' and ', Chewbacca and Han Solo become important figures in the Alliance, and eventually help the Rebels defeat the Galactic Empire.
In the prequel film "", Chewbacca and Tarfful fight in the Clone Wars when their planet Kashyyyk is invaded. They also help to get Jedi Master Yoda to safety after Commander Gree and an unidentified clone scout trooper are ordered to turn on Yoda by Palpatine, Chewbacca using his traditional weapon, the Bowcaster. Chewbacca is not identified until Yoda thanks him at the end of a scene, rendering his appearance something of an easter egg.
Expanded Universe.
Television.
The 1978 television program "Star Wars Holiday Special" introduces Chewbacca's family: Mallatobuck (his wife), Lumpawarrump (his son) and Attichitcuk, Chief of the Kaapauku Tribe (his father). They live together on Kashyyyk. The "Star Wars Holiday Special" consisted of a frame story in which Han and Chewbacca must prevent Darth Vader from spoiling Life Day, and get home to be with Chewbacca's family. It aired only once.
In the season 3 finale of "", Chewbacca is captured by Trandoshan hunters, but is freed by Ahsoka Tano and agrees to help her and two younglings escape. He builds a transmitter out of parts from the damaged Trandoshan ship, but it seems unable to work. Later, he and Ahsoka attack the Trandoshan fortress, killing many in sight, before they are found and assisted by other Wookiees led by Tarfull.
Books.
Chewbacca's family also appears in some "Star Wars" books, most notably "The Wookiee Storybook", "The Black Fleet Crisis" trilogy by Michael P. Kube-McDowell, and "The Hutt Gambit" and "Rebel Dawn" by A. C. Crispin. The latter also introduces other family members, including a sister named Kallabow and cousins named Dryanta and Jowdrrl, as well as the matriarch, Ellen. 
In the novel "Dark Lord: The Rise of Darth Vader", it explains how and why he is forced to leave his home planet of Kashyyyk, narrowly escaping the first major planetary attack and enslaving. Darth Vader and Emperor Palpatine (Lord Sidious) enslave most of the planet's population of Wookiees to get the Death Star back on schedule. It also explains how he joins a ship of smugglers that are friendly to the Jedi. 
The novel "The Hutt Gambit" explains that Chewbacca and Solo first meet when Solo, a lieutenant in the Imperial Navy, finds him unconscious aboard a slave ship. Solo's commanding officer orders him to skin Chewbacca, but Solo refuses and rescues the helpless prisoner. Upon regaining consciousness, Chewbacca swears a "life-debt" to Solo, and the two become business partners and best friends. 
In the book "Heirs of the Force", part of the "Young Jedi Knights" series, Chewbacca has a nephew, Kallabow's son named Lowbacca who goes to the Jedi Academy.
The 1999 novel "Vector Prime" by R. A. Salvatore (the first in the "New Jedi Order" series) marks Chewbacca's last chronological appearance in the "Star Wars" universe. Chewbacca dies when he sacrifices his life to save Han's son Anakin from a collision between the planet Sernpidal and one of its moons. Lumpawaroo (Lumpawarrump) and Lowbacca offer to assume Chewbacca's life debt to Solo. Han initially protests, but relents by the end of the series.
Chewbacca appears in the third book of the Origami Yoda series. The book is titled "The Secret of the Fortune Wookie" and also stars his lifetime companion Han Solo as translator.
Comic books.
Lucasfilm followed "Vector Prime" with a four-issue comic book titled "", in which C-3PO and R2-D2 travel the galaxy to collect the stories of beings who knew or met the Wookiee.
Video games.
In "", Chewbacca appears briefly at the Mos Eisley spaceport as an NPC, assisting Jaden Korr in disabling the tractor beams holding both the "Millennium Falcon" and the Raven's Claw captive.
In LucasArts' game "Kinect Star Wars", the player acts as gunner on a spacecraft piloted by a young Chewbacca.
In "Star Wars Battlefront II", Chewbacca is a playable hero on the rebels side.
Reception.
IGN has been fond of the character, choosing the character as the 9th top "Star Wars" character, listing his relationship with Han Solo as one of their top 10 movie bromances, claiming him as one of the characters they'd like to see in ', and choosing him as one of the characters they'd like to see in ' and (along with Han Solo) its . UGO Networks listed the character as "one of the most bad-ass archers in popular culture."
In contrast, Roger Ebert in his 1997 review of declared that the character gave the worst performance of the film: "This character was thrown into the first film as window dressing, was never thought through, and as a result has been saddled with one facial expression and one mournful yelp. Much more could have been done. How can you be a space pilot and not be able to communicate in any meaningful way? Does Han Solo really understand Chew's monotonous noises? Do they have long chats sometimes?"
Awards.
Chewbacca is one of the few fictional characters to receive a Lifetime Achievement Award at the MTV Movie Awards. Because fans complained that he should have received a medal along with Luke Skywalker and Han Solo at the end of "A New Hope", MTV presented the award as a medal bestowed by Carrie Fisher. Peter Mayhew had voiced concern about Chewbacca being skipped in the original medal scene as well, but noted that Chewbacca does get the last 'line' in the film as compensation.

</doc>
<doc id="19724077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724077" title="Milo Martin">
Milo Martin

Milo Martin (6 February 1893 – 26 July 1970) was a Swiss artist.
He was born in Morges and died in Lausanne.
In 1928 he won a silver medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his "Athlète au repos".

</doc>
<doc id="19724091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724091" title="Barrerite">
Barrerite

Barrerite is a tectosilicate mineral and a member of the zeolite family. It is one of the rarer zeolites. It was named for Richard Maling Barrer (1910–1996), a British teacher born in New Zealand.
Barrerite crystal are white to pinkish, with a vitreous-glassy luster. The crystal system is orthorhombic and is flat and tabular in appearance. It has a Mohs hardness of 3 to 4 and its cleavage is perfect. Barrerite has a white streak and a density of 2.13. 
It was first described in 1974 for an occurrence in Sardinia at Sant' Efisio Tower on Cape Pula in Cagliari Province. It has also been reported from Rocky Pass, Kuiu Island, Alaska, and a few other localities.

</doc>
<doc id="19724092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724092" title="Tiny Vipers EP">
Tiny Vipers EP

Tiny Vipers is an EP released by Tiny Vipers. It was released by Luckyhorse Industries in 2007 and contains recordings made before her debut LP "Hands Across the Void". It is sometimes referred to as "7 Song CDR" or "Tiny Vipers #1".
Track listing.
All songs written by Jesy Fortino.

</doc>
<doc id="19724101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724101" title="The Starter Wife (TV series)">
The Starter Wife (TV series)

The Starter Wife is a USA Network television series based on the miniseries of the same name, and the novel of the same name by Gigi Levangie Grazer. It premiered on October 10, 2008. The series stars Debra Messing as Molly Kagan, the now ex-wife of former studio executive Kenny Kagan. Picking up where the mini-series left off, Molly finds herself trying to carve out a new life as a single mother raising her daughter Jaden in the middle of the dysfunctional world surrounding the film industry. Molly has vowed to swear off men after the failure of her "happy ending" relationship with a homeless man, and soon finds herself developing as a writer even as her relationship develops with her writing group leader. The series ran one season, and was cancelled by USA in February 2009. In regard to the show's cancellation, Debra Messing, at a conference in 2012, told reporters, "We were finishing the first season right when the economy collapsed." She added, "We were the most expensive show the network had ever had...I heard rumors about we doing half the original budget (1 million per episode), but that couldn't work because it was about the brand, and that luxurious world. And when you take that away from it, it stops being the show that it is. The dark humor, and comedy won't land."
Hollywood metaphors.
The series uses extensive Hollywood metaphors as part of its narrative structure. Each episode includes two or more fantasy sequences, featuring Molly as the lead character in a well-known, generally big box-office film. Every episode opens with the first of these, which takes place in the form of Molly's dreams about recent events in her life. Typical of this is the fantasy from the opening episode, a play on the end of the film "Elizabeth". In the fantasy Molly swears off men in the manner of Elizabeth I declaring herself married to England at the film's end. Other fantasy sequences punctuate important story points. Similarly, episode titles are frequently corruptions of film titles (as with "The French Disconnection" and "Look Who's Stalking") or suggestive of Hollywood phenomena (such as "Mollywood", a play on the name Hollywood.)
DVD release.
On March 10, 2009, Universal Studios Home Entertainment released the full series on DVD in Region 1. The DVD includes audio commentary on two episodes and a segment on the creation of the fantasy sequences.
International broadcast.
"The Starter Wife" was shown on Irish TV Channel 3e
It was shown on TV3 in New Zealand on Saturdays at 3:00pm

</doc>
<doc id="19724123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724123" title="Fireweed (periodical)">
Fireweed (periodical)

Fireweed: A Feminist Quarterly of Writing, Politics, Art & Culture, was founded in Toronto, Canada, in 1978 by the Fireweed Collective. Collective members have included Gay Allison, Lynne Fernie, Hilda Kirkwood, Liz Brady, Elizabeth Ruth, Makeda Silvera, Carolyn Smart and Rhea Tregebov. Issues of "Fireweed" usually focuses on a theme or topic, such as "Writing" (#10), "Fear & Violence" (#14), "Women of Colour" (#16), "Sex & Sexuality" (#37 & 38), and "Language" (#44/45), though there are frequent "open" issues.
The quarterly's ISSN is 0706-3857.
Reviews.
Volume 8, Number 3, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19724124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724124" title="Empire Prism">
Empire Prism

Empire Prism is the debut EP released by Tiny Vipers. It was released in 2006 and reissued by Lucky Horse Industries in July 2008.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jesy Fortino.

</doc>
<doc id="19724132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724132" title="Howard Richardson (footballer)">
Howard Richardson (footballer)

Howard James Richardson (29 October 1894 – 21 December 1959) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Victoria and Australian rules football in the Victorian Football League (VFL) with Richmond and Melbourne.
Richardson, who was born in Narre Warren, played his early football at Berwick before making his debut for Richmond in the 1915 VFL season. He made sporadic appearances over the next couple of seasons and after not playing at all in 1918 he crossed to Melbourne. Richardson took the field only once at Melbourne and finished his league career with 20 games and 14 goals.
At Hobart in 1924, Richardson played his only first-class cricket match with Victoria taking on Tasmania. He was his state's best bowler in the first innings when he took 4/34 and also contributed an unbeaten 29 with the bat.

</doc>
<doc id="19724139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724139" title="Jeff Schaefer">
Jeff Schaefer

Jeffrey Scott Schaefer (born May 31, 1960 in Patchogue, New York) is a former Major League Baseball utility infielder. He played all or part of five seasons in the majors between and . Of the 225 games Schaefer played in the majors, about half (110) were at shortstop, with most of the rest at third base (81) or second base (25).

</doc>
<doc id="19724140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724140" title="Barber's Point Light">
Barber's Point Light

Barber's Point Light" or Barbers Point Light"' may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19724149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724149" title="Renée Sintenis">
Renée Sintenis

Renée Sintenis (née "Renate Alice Sintenis", March 20, 1888 – April 22, 1965) was a female German artist.
She was born in Glatz and died in Berlin.
In 1928 she won a bronze medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for her "Footballeur".

</doc>
<doc id="19724153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724153" title="Pier Giorgio Dall'Acqua">
Pier Giorgio Dall'Acqua

Pier Giorgio Dall'Acqua (Mercato Saraceno, 14 April 1949) is an Italian politician.
Political activity.
Coming from La Margherita and current representative of the Democratic Party is President of the Province of Ferrara since June 1999.
He was re-elected president of the province in the round of the 2004 (elections of 12 and June 13), collecting 56.3% of the votes representing a coalition of centre-left, its administrative mandate expires in 2009.
Biographical notes.
He lives and resides in Ferrara since 1962, and here he obtained the diploma of industrial expert.
In 1969 he attended the 23rd ACS Course at the Military School "Truppe Corazzate" in Lecce, to take service as Sergeant at the barracks "Monte Cimone" in Banne (Trieste).
Later he devotes to the union: extraction Catholic, Dall'Acqua began his militancy in the CISL, of which he became provincial secretary, a position which he held from 1986 to 1998. Later he was assigned to duties at regional and national levels. During this experience he has participated in numerous events on both the contractual public and private sectors. As provincial secretary, he also held the post of member of the Chamber of Commerce of Ferrara, gaining a deeper knowledge of the workforce, businesses and institutions, and rules that govern the operation. In those years, Pier Giorgio Dall'Acqua has acquired full awareness of all the problems of the territory of Ferrara, first of all the "world of work".
In 2003 he was awarded by the Italian President of the recognition of "Cavaliere Ufficiale della Repubblica".
In 2004 he was elected regional president of UPI (Union of Italian Provinces) of Emilia Romagna and the following year he won the title of "Commendatore", always honor conferred by the hands of the President of the Republic.
Since 2007 he is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Foundation Ermitage Italia in Ferrara. Today he is committed to starting a process of socio-economic development, in keeping with his electoral program.

</doc>
<doc id="19724156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724156" title="National League of the North">
National League of the North

The National League of the North (NLN) was an Irish nationalist organisation active in Northern Ireland.
The group was founded in May 1928 on the basis of a radical programme for the "National Unification of Ireland". It was in part an attempt to bring together the supporters of Joe Devlin and Cahir Healy, who were the leading figures in the Nationalist Party. 
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1933, in addition to supporting most Nationalist Party candidates, the group stood Gerry Lennon in South Armagh. He was unsuccessful, but did beat the official Nationalist. The League had become inactive by the mid-1930s.
In 1936, Paddy Maxwell founded the Irish Union Association (IUA), aiming to revive the NLN platform. Although it gained the support of most Nationalist Party Members of Parliament, T. J. Campbell and Richard Byrne did not join. The group failed to make an impact, and by early 1937, Healy was suggesting that the group should be allowed to fade away. In October, Maxwell proposed reinvigorating the League by holding an Ard Fheis, but Healy opposed this, and the group was instead allowed to become moribund.
In 1938, the IUA was superseded when Éamon de Valera founded an Anti-Partition League. The group organised a speaker tour of Britain with speakers from Fianna Fáil and the Nationalist Party, including Healy and Anthony Mulvey. However, the Irish Republican Army started their Sabotage Campaign, which hardened British attitudes against the cause of Irish unification, and the project was dropped with the start of World War II.
After the disbanding of the IUA, there was no rank-and-file nationalist group in Northern Ireland until the launch of the Irish Anti-Partition League in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19724175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724175" title="Fairplay Index">
Fairplay Index

The Fairplay Index is used in the Super League and Co-operative Championship rugby league competitions as a measure to determine the fairest team over the regular season. The team with the lowest points total wins. As a result of sponsorship from Frontline, the Index is currently officially known as the Frontline Fairplay Index.
Scoring system.
"* In the Co-operative Championship all penalties count one point."
Reward.
The winning team from each competition is presented with a trophy and prize (£5,000 in 2008) at the end-of-season awards ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="19724182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724182" title="Echizen-Ōno Station">
Echizen-Ōno Station

Layout.
The station has one island platform with tracks and some side tracks without platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19724192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724192" title="Empire (1962 TV series)">
Empire (1962 TV series)

Empire is an hour-long Western television series set on a 1960s ranch in New Mexico, starring Richard Egan, Terry Moore, and Ryan O'Neal. It ran on NBC from September 25, 1962, to May 14, 1963. 
In the second abbreviated season, from September 24 to December 31, 1963, it was renamed "Redigo" after Egan's title character, Jim Redigo, the general manager of the fictitious Garrett ranch in "Empire", and reduced to a half-hour.
Cast.
Egan starred in the series at the age of forty-one, having previously been in the hit film "A Summer Place", with the catchy theme song. Redigo was a rare ranch manager, having a Master of Business Administration degree. The ranch was located somewhere in the American Southwest, but the exact location was never pinpointed. The Garretts did have an empire. Besides ranching they were involved in oil, agriculture, and mining. The series has unusually- titled episodes.
"Empire" also featured 22-year-old Ryan O'Neal, some two years before he gained greater recognition as Rodney Harrington in ABC's "Peyton Place". O'Neal, who began acting in 1959, played the son, Tal Garrett. Terry Moore portrayed O'Neal's 33-year-old sister, Connie, who had a romantic interest in Redigo. Their mother and ranch matriarch, Lucia, was played by 53-year-old Anne Seymour (1909–1988).
Another cast member, Warren Vanders, appeared in fifteen episodes as Chuck Davis. Anne Seymour and Terry Moore were dropped at mid-season; it was said that Seymour's character, Lucia, had died and Moore's character, Connie, had left the ranch in her grief. Charles Bronson, then forty-one, entered at mid-season in an all-male cast to portray the tough ranch hand, Paul Moreno, in thirteen remaining episodes.
In the second 15-episode season, O'Neal and Bronson were gone, too. Roger Davis, later of ABC's "Alias Smith and Jones", was added to the cast as Redigo's new ranch hand. Elena Verdugo, later of Robert Young's "Marcus Welby, M.D.", starred as Gerry.
The pilot episode of "Empire" entiled "This Rugged Land", with Denver Pyle and Charles Bronson, never aired. In the plot, a ranch foreman persecutes a man whom he believes killed his daughter.
Guest stars.
Robert Vaughn guest starred as Captain Paul Terman, a paraplegic friend of Redigo's in need of life-saving spinal surgery, in the 1963 episode "No Small Wars." Inger Stevens also appeared as a paraplegic, Ellen Thompson, in another episode, "Duet for Eight Wheels". Jeremy Slate portrayed Mike Novak, a ranch hand whose competition with Tal Garrett ends in a deadly boxing match, in the 1963 episode "The Loner". Harry Dean Stanton was cast as Nick Crider in the 1963 episode "Nobody Dies on Saturday", along with William Schallert as Sully Mason and Don Gordon as Quinn Serrato. 
Claude Akins was cast as Joe Horvath in two episodes, "Ride to a Fall" in 1962 and the unusually-titled "65 Miles Is a Long, Long Way" in 1963.Robert Culp, previously of CBS's "Trackdown" and later of NBC's "I Spy", played an ambitious man who schemes to marry Terry Moore and fire Redigo in the 1963 episode "Where the Hawk Is Wheeling". John M. Pickard, formerly of "Boots and Saddles" and "Gunslinger", was cast as a sheriff in the 1962 episode, "A Place to Put a Life".
Dayton Lummis appeared as Jason Simms, with Joanna Moore as Althea Dodd and Arthur O'Connell as Clayton Dodd in "Green, Green Hills" (Christmas Day, 1962). Joanna Moore thereafter married Ryan O'Neal and became the mother of actress Tatum O'Neal.Lummis was cast again on the series as Thomas Fenton Giler in the 1963 episode "Down There, the World."
In addition to the aforementioned, many other guest stars appeared on "Empire", including:
Production.
"Empire" was created by Kathleen Hite, a writer for CBS's "Gunsmoke". William Sackheim and Hal Hudson, formerly with CBS's "Dick Powell's Zane Grey Theater", produced the series, a Screen Gems offering. The program was filmed at the Eaves Movie Ranch near Santa Fe and near Storrie Lake in Las Vegas, New Mexico.
"Empire" had mediocre ratings opposite CBS's "The Red Skelton Show" and the last season of ABC's detective series, "Hawaiian Eye" with Robert Conrad and Connie Stevens. The series was reduced to a half-hour the second year, as "Redigo". Redigo had by that time secured his own smaller ranch. 
The shorter format made it difficult to develop complex characters, and the show was soon canceled. Still on Tuesday evenings, "Redigo" fared poorly against Red Skelton and ABC's military situation comedy "McHale's Navy" starring Ernest Borgnine.

</doc>
<doc id="19724213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724213" title="Azalea Court Apartments">
Azalea Court Apartments

The Azalea Court Apartments is a historic three-story apartment building located in Mobile, Alabama. It was built in 1928 and was designed by architect J. Platt Roberts in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 11, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19724216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724216" title="Huang Yongsheng">
Huang Yongsheng

Huang Yongsheng (; 1910–1983) was a general of the China's People's Liberation Army. In 1955 Huang was awarded the position of "Shang Jiang" (colonel-general), and Huang continued to rise throughout the 1950s and 1960s, eventually becoming Lin Biao's Chief-of-staff during the Cultural Revolution. Because of Huang's close associations with Lin Biao, Huang was purged following Lin's death in 1971.
Biography.
Huang Yongsheng was born in Xianning prefecture (now, prefecture-level city) of Hubei province.
Huang Yongsheng participated in the Autumn Harvest Uprising of 1927, and in December of the same year joined the Chinese Communist Party. In 1932, he was appointed the commander of the 31st Division of the 11th Red Army, and later to the 16th Division of the 22nd Red Army. During the war against Japan, he was appointed a regimental commander in the 115th Division of the Eighth Route Army.
In 1948, Huang was appointed the commander of the 6th Column of the Fourth Field Army. Later in 1948 the 6th Column merged with other units into the 43rd Army, and Huang Yongsheng was appointed its commander. In 1949, he was commanding the 14th and 13th Army Groups. After the establishment of the People's Republic of China, Huang commanded the 13th Army Group, and later the 15th Army Group.
During the Korean War, Huang commanded the 13th Army Group, and later the 15th Army Group.
During the Cultural Revolution, Huang Yongsheng commanded the Guangzhou Military Region. It was reported much later that during the pro-communist riots in Hong Kong in 1967, he suggested invading and occupying the British colony; his plan, however, was vetoed by Zhou Enlai.
As a Chief of Staff of the PLA, in 1969, he was put in charge of building the tunnel system to house the PLA command headquarters in case of nuclear war, known as Underground Project 131. The chosen site for the facility was in his home prefecture of Xianning.
During the Cultural Revolution, Huang became an ally of China's defense minister and vice-chairman, Lin Biao, eventually serving as Lin's chief-of-staff. In the summer of 1971, immediately preceding Lin's death, Huang issued a strongly-worded statement condemning Zhou Enlai's plan to seek a closer relationship with the United States. Huang attempted to rationalize his position by stating that the United States was a declining capitalist power, and would be especially dangerous in this condition.
Huang lost his position following Lin Biao's death. He was arrested on September 24, 1971 - two weeks after Lin Biao's alleged plot to assassinate Mao. After the arrest, even his family did not know what was happening to him, until he was put on trial in 1980 and given a prison sentence.
Huang's involvement in the plot to assassinate Mao Zedong was implied (though not directly stated) by the confession of Li Weixin (the only one of Lin's plotters to have survived 1971). At his trial in 1980, the government of China agreed that Huang did not know anything about Lin Liguo's plans to assassinate Mao, or of Lin's flight from China.
The general's grave is located on the Project 131 site, which is now a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19724220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724220" title="Barbers Point Light (Hawaii)">
Barbers Point Light (Hawaii)

Barbers Point Light is a lighthouse on the island of Oahu in Hawaii. The lighthouse stands on Barbers Point outside of Kalaeloa on the southwest tip of the island. It is named after Captain Henry Barber.

</doc>
<doc id="19724242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724242" title="Domo">
Domo

Domo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19724259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724259" title="Diadophis punctatus arnyi">
Diadophis punctatus arnyi

Diadophis punctactus arnyi, also known as the prairie ringneck snake, is a subspecies of small, thin snake in the Colubrid Family. 
Etymology.
The subspecific name, "arnyi", is in honor of Samuel Arny, who collected the type specimen.
Geographic range.
This snake is very common within its range and can be found almost anywhere in Midwest North America, i.e., Iowa, Missouri and northwestern Arkansas to South Dakota, Oklahoma and Texas.
Description.
It has a black-grey head, a grey body, and an orange ring around its neck. The ring does not extend toward the underside. The underside is yellow for a third of the body, orange for another third, and red for the last third. The belly also has black flecks along it. This snake has a blunt head, a tiny mouth, and small eyes. Anteriorly the dorsal scales are usually in 17 rows (other eastern subspecies have 15 rows). A mature prairie ringneck grows to about 25-36 cm (10-14 in.) long, record 42 cm (16½ in.).
Diet and behavior.
This snake eats insects, frogs, salamanders, other snakes, lizards, and newborn rodents. It uses a weak venom (not harmful to humans) in the saliva in its mouth to immobilize its prey. It also uses constriction.
When approached, the snake's first intent is to flee. It is usually a slow snake, so it can be caught quickly. When picked up, it tries to escape but rarely bites (although it does happen). It may also twist its brightly colored tail and lie on its back to draw attention away from its head.
Habitats.
The prairie ringneck snake (as its name suggests) lives in or near prairies and can often be found sunbathing or slithering out in the open. It can also be found under old logs, rocks, pieces of wood and sheets of tin. It likes to live under dead leaves and foliage in the woods, and in grasses in the prairie.
Reproduction.
From June to early August, females lay 1 to 7 eggs (average 4). The eggs are on average 27 mm (1 in.) long by 7 mm (¼ in.) wide. After being laid, the eggs increase in size until hatching. Hatching occurs after about 60 days. The hatchlings are around 100 mm (4 in.) in total length, and resemble adults except with a bluish cast dorsally.
Brumation and estivation.
This snake will estivate in the summer if the temperature is to hot and brumate in the winter when it is too cold. This is because the snake is an ectotherm (that is, cold-blooded) and needs to stay warm enough or cool enough to survive. This is part of the reason why you can see them sunbathing when the temperature is warm.
http://www.californiaherps.com/noncal/misc/miscsnakes/pages/d.p.arny.html (click here for picture)

</doc>
<doc id="19724297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724297" title="Baltimore Block">
Baltimore Block

Baltimore Block is a series of eight rowhouses in the SoNo district of Atlanta, Georgia. Rowhouses of the kind that are abundant in Baltimore are an unusual housing type in Atlanta, where duplexes or semidetached housing, such as shotgun houses, were more common forms of high-density housing. Built in 1885 by Baltimore native Jacob J. Rosenthal, the houses were leased on long-term ground lease terms, a common practice in Baltimore. By the 1920s, the houses began to fall out of fashion, and four units were torn down while the others became derelict. A recovery began in the 1930s, and in the 1960s the area became a center of counterculture. Extensive renovation took place during the 1980s, when the units were consolidated and converted to office use.
Like many Baltimore houses, the brick three-story rowhouses of Baltimore Block present a unified wall-like front to the street with a continuous cornice line.

</doc>
<doc id="19724321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724321" title="Todo Cambió">
Todo Cambió

Todo Cambió (Eng.: "Everything Changed") is the title of a debut album released by Mexican pop music band Camila. This debut album was mainly written and composed by the band members: Samo (voice), Pablo Hurtado (guitar), and Mario Domm (piano, voice, composer, and producer), and includes a blend of Rock en Español and Pop Latino.
It was released in Mexico on April 18, 2006, where it was eventually certified three-times platinum with sales over 300,000 units. In the United States the release date was set on May 9, 2006 and the album received a Disco De Platino certification by the Recording Industry Association of America on July 24, 2007. In Spain the album was released on May 13, 2008.
This album yielded seven singles, including: "Abrázame", "Coleccionista de Canciones", "Todo Cambió", "Sin Tu Amor", "Sólo Para Tí", "Yo Quiero" and "Me Da Igual". For the album release in Spain the first single chosen was "Todo Cambió" as the lead single.
Album recording.
About the album composing and recording, the band declared that "they came out from a garage, the living room and the closet, not to compete, only to show little fragments of their lives through the music they make." While producing Reyli Barba's album, Mario Domm asked Samo to participate on backing vocals, and on those recording sessions decided to make a band. Pablo had to make an audition for the gig of guitar player, and after that they wrote the songs for the album. Regarding the song style and inspiration, Mario Domm wanted to let people hear the music they were creating on their living rooms and to express how much joy they had performing together. Samo (a former church performer) found his inspiration watching television, singing along with other performers and "everything I learned its on this lyrics." Pablo Hurtado, the youngest member of the band, dedicates his lyrics to "weekend love affairs" and about the track "Me Da Igual" he says: "I wrote it on a very hard moment of my life, it is about a love that never happen."
Awards and recognition.
The title track has been the recipient of many awards and nominations, including a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Song of the Year in 2007 and the Best Song award at the Premios Lo Nuestro 2008, where the band also won in the Group or Duo of the year field. For the Premios Juventud of 2008 the group received the following nominations: Red Hot Artist, Catchiest Tune ("Todo Cambió"), CD to die for ("Todo Cambió: Special Edition"), and won for Best Ballad ("Todo Cambió") and Favorite Pop Star. At the 2007 Latin Billboard Music Awards the band won for Duo or Group of the Year and Latin Pop Airplay Song of the Year ("Todo Cambió"). Also the album was nominated for Latin Album of the Year. Camila also won two awards at Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica for Best New Artist - North and Breakthrough Artist.
Tracklisting.
U.S. tracklisting.
The tracklisting from Billboard.
Special edition CD/DVD.
On August 14, 2007, a Special edition of the album was released. It includes the tracklisting from the original release, with 3 acoustic tracks and a new song, "Sólo Para Ti", which was recorded for the soundtrack of the Mexican film "Cansada de Besar Sapos". A DVD was also included with the 4 music videos.
CD
DVD
Spain tracklisting.
This information from La Higuera.
Brazilian version.
For the Brazilian release, the same tracklisting as in Spain was included, but instead of the track "Yo Soy Quien", a re-recording of the single "Abrázame" with Brazilian singer Wanessa Camargo (who also wrote verses in Portuguese for the song), retitled as "Abrázame/Me Abrace", is track 13.

</doc>
<doc id="19724325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724325" title="Texas Fuel">
Texas Fuel

The Texas Fuel, formerly the South Texas Showboats, are a basketball team in the American Basketball Association. Based in San Antonio, the Fuel play their home games at the Alamo Convocation Center.
During the original planning process, the Showboats were a member of the United Basketball League.
Due to the team coming under new ownership, in 2008, the name was changed to the Texas Fuel, to honor the Fuel film that inspired the team to go green, and the colors changed to green and black. The team colors signify traditional Texas oil ( black) and new alternative fuels (green), such as biofuel. The team represents changes in fuel technology. In 2010, a biofueled bus was given to the team by Farouk USA and Biosilk. 
On August 29, 2011, it was announced that the Indiana Pacers guard George Hill had signed a contract to play for the Fuel until the NBA lockout ended. His activities included practicing with the team and playing in two exhibition games in Brownsville and San Antonio. He also attended anti- bullying rallies with the team at Texas schools. The team was given the key to the city of San Benito for their anti- bullying efforts. 
Texas Fuel continues to earn accolades with 1 or 2 ABA All-Stars selected from the team every year since its inception, and the first Sportsman of the Year award from the Southwest Conference for Jason McNeil, due to his community charity work with the team for 3 consecutive years.

</doc>
<doc id="19724330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724330" title="Pakistan–Uzbekistan relations">
Pakistan–Uzbekistan relations

Pakistan–Uzbekistan relations are the foreign relations between Pakistan and Uzbekistan. Relations between the two states were established when the republic of Uzbekistan became independent following the collapse of the USSR, the relations between the two countries were initially strained by the situation in Afghanistan which both countries border as they supported opposing Afghan factions.
Relations have improved after the fall of the Taliban, both countries seeking to improve relations, Pakistan wishing to gain access to Central Asian markets and landlocked Uzbekistan to access ports on the Arabian Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19724348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724348" title="Echizen-Tōgō Station">
Echizen-Tōgō Station


</doc>
<doc id="19724353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724353" title="Rafail Levitsky">
Rafail Levitsky

His letters to his artist friend Vasily Dmitrievich Polenov 1844-1927 are a personal account of many of the key figures in Russian art who exhibited during their lifetime.
Rafail was born into a wealthy aristocratic family. He was married to Anna Vasilevna Olsufevsky. He was the second cousin of Aleksandr Ivanovich Herzen (1812–1870), the writer and outstanding public figure; and son to Count Sergei Lvovich Levitsky (1819–1898), one of the founders of photography in Russia and Europe's early photographic pioneers.
He was friend to author Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy (1828–1910) who visited and stayed with him and his wife on several occasions.
Rafail Levitsky was also an art professor and an acclaimed photographer, most noted for his portraits of the ill fated family of Czar Nicholas II, the last emperor of Russia.
Education.
In 1866, Rafail Sergeevich Levitsky began his artistic studies at the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint Petersburg as a free-student.
While there, Rafail studied directly under the teaching of Pavel Petrovich Chistyakov (1832–1919) along with classmates that included V.D. Polenov, and I.E. Repin.
It is Chistyakov's teaching methods that combined the best traditions of the academic school and the experience of direct perception of nature that are widely recognized as having led to the development of realism in Russian art.
Rafail received medals in 1867 - 2 silver and in 1872 - a minor and two major honours.
In 1877 he received a rank of "class artist of third stage".
Teacher.
Rafail Sergeevich Levitsky was a Professor of Drawing and Painting on Porcelain at the School of Imperial Society of Honouring Visual Arts from 1884 until the school was closed by the Soviets in 1918.
His career is documented in a report written by request of the Committee of Imperial Society of Honouring Visual Arts by Nickolay Makarenko, published in Saint Petersburg in 1914.
The Association of Peredvizhniki Artists.
In 1880, Rafail Levitsky joined the free-thinking "Association of Peredvizhniki Artists" who sought to move away from the academic formalism of the official Academy.
Rafail Levitsky exhibited with the Peredvizhniki (Itinerant) Movement from 1880 to 1894.
His artistic career took him throughout Russia. After the opening in 1883 of the Rostov Museum of Church Antiquities his name appears twice in the Museum's Book of Visitors (started in 1886). Rafail visited this cultural centre of old Russian architecture, church and folk art in 1900 and 1904.
A painting of the Interior of the Redeemer Church "na-senyah" found in the Kremlin of Rostov was painted in 1904 by Rafail and is today at the Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow.
In 1885, 1896, and 1907 he travelled to Italy where he painted genre and impressionistic scenes en plein air.
In November 1914, he documented a scene of Russian forces fighting in the Silesian Offensive in World War I.
Today, Rafail Levitsky is still rated among the Great Russian artists by the Art Union of Russia.
Friendship with Vasily Dmitrievich Polenov (1844-1927).
Throughout his life Rafail Sergeevich Levitsky was good friends with fellow Itinerant artist Vasily Dmitrievich Polenov. Polenov's freshness of color combined with artistic finish of composition greatly influenced Levitsky's own landscape painting style and treatment.
When Rafail was a bachelor, he lived and worked together with Polenov in "Devich'e Pole" (the name of the street "Maiden's Field"), in an attic of the Olsufevsky House. This house is illustrated by Polenov in his painting "Grandmother's garden" (1878).
While living there Levitsky would meet and marry Anna Vasilevna Olsufevsky. He would also meet Leo Tolstoy and become good friends with the world famous author discussing Tolstoy's theories on art and his personal connection to the art and artists of the day. Ultimately, Levitsky in 1896 would paint Tolstoy's portrait.
Levitsky Polenov Correspondence.
As Rafail Sergeevich Levitsky lived and worked in Saint Petersburg we are given insight into the art exhibitions he attended and wrote about in letters to Vasily Dmitrievich Polenov.
In a letter sent to Polenov in Moscow, Rafail writes about an academic exhibition which occurred on September, 18th, 1869 about the sculptor Opekushin Alexander Mikhailovich (1838–1923) who sculpted a bust of the artist Mikhail Osipovich Mikeshin (1835–1896). He writes:
"The exhibition has been open since yesterday, but there are not a lot of people attending, and those of the public who are attending do not seem to like the exhibition either. Did I tell you about a bust of Mikeshin made by some unknown sculptor named Opekushin. This sculpture is remarkable in its work and the likeness to the face and body of Mikeshin... would this be a painting, I would have gambled that it was done by Mikeshin himself. This same fellow Opekushin also showed a bust of Komisarov".
At a third Academic Exhibition in St. Petersburg where V.M.Vasnetsova (1848–1926) exhibited the picture "Tea drinking at a tavern" Levitsky who visited the exhibition, wrote on February, 8th, 1874 to Polenov, "Vasnetsova whom you, obviously, know, a miracle from miracles…"
Writing to Polenov about the artist Arkhip Ivanovich Kuinji's (1842–1910) work "View of the Isaakievsky cathedral" having visited the academic exhibition in 1869, Levitsky saw the beginnings of what would be Kuinji's use of special light effects to paint nature and achieved astonishing results. Levitsky writes: "A. Kuinji has painted a landscape of the Neva river with the view of the Isaakievsky cathedral which is perfectly realized …"
Friendship with Ilya Repin (1844-1930).
Rafail Sergeevich Levitsky was classmate and close friends with fellow Itinerant artist Ilya Repin. Repin sketched Rafail's image and painted his portrait in 1878 showing early Repin's ability to not just paint faces, but rather to paint people fully, revealing his models in their natural state and how they communicated.
When Repin settled in Moscow in 1876, he and Levitsky would travel to the Abramtsevo Colony, the country estate of Savva Mamontov located north of Moscow. Savva was one of the most famous Russian patrons of art of the late 19th century who founded an artist's union in Ambratsevo.
Repin's "On a Bridge in Abramtsevo" (1879) and Levitsky's "The Bridge in the Woods" (1885–1886) are remarkable achievements showing different approaches of these two great artists painting the same subject matter (a bridge) in the same location (Abramtsevo).
In 1920, Ilya Repin donated his portrait of Rafail Sergeevich Levitsky along with a collection of other works by him to the Finnish National Gallery.
Today, Rafail Sergeevich Levitsky's portrait by Ilya Repin is on permanent display at the Finnish National Gallery, Ateneum Art Gallery, Helsinki, Finland.
Friendship with author Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy (1828-1910).
From February to March, 1896, and from February to March, 1897, Leo Tolstoy visited Rafail Levitsky and his wife Anna Vasilevna Olsufesky, at the Olsufevsky's estate, Nicholskoe, near Moscow. Once he spent two weeks with them and another time he stayed with them for an entire month.
On one such visit, Rafail welcomed Tolstoy hospitably into his workshop and discussed painting Tolstoy's portrait. The session took place, on the second floor of the Nicholskoe's house. It is told that Levitsky, while standing, drew on an easel and chose to make a sketch viewing Tolstoy's right profile. To facilitate the posing, someone read aloud from a Henryk Sienkiewicz (1846–1916) novel. The session lasted for one and a half hours. With the permission of Tolstoy, the final drawing was made into an engraving and sold in shops throughout Russia.
In the month of May 1898, Leo Tolstoy travelled to Grinevka to visit the estate of his son, Count I. L. Tolstoy. While living there, he once again visited his friend, the landlord, Rafail S. Levitsky, where he fell seriously ill with severe dysentery and remained there for ten days. In his Journal translated by Rose Strunsky in 1917 he writes of this time: "I went with Sonya (my daughter-in-law) to the Tsurikov's, Aphremov's, and the Levitsky's. I have a very pleasant impression and fell in love with many; but fell ill and did not do my work and made a lot of fuss both for Levitsky and the household."
Photographer.
Rafail Levitsky's father was the famous Sergei Lvovich Levitsky (1819–1898, Moscow, Russian: Сергей Львович Львов-Левицкий), who is considered the patriarch of Russian photography and one of Europe's most important early photographic pioneers, inventors and innovators. 
With a career that began in the 1840s, working as a daguerreotypist in Germany and Italy; Levitsky's father knew Daguerre personally, and introduced the term ‘light painting’ to Russia. It was he who first proposed the idea to artificially light subjects in a studio setting using electric lighting along with daylight.
With a working life that spanned fifty years, Sergei Levitsky distinguished himself in the technical sphere of photographic development. It was he who designed a bellows camera which significantly improved the process of focusing, and it was he who introduced interchangeable decorative backgrounds, as well as the retouching of negatives to reduce or eliminate technical deficiencies.
Sergei is perhaps best known for a series of photographs of famous artists, writers and public figures (included among these notable figures were Nikolai Nekrasov, Ivan Turgenev, Ivan Goncharov, Vladimir Sollogub, Fedor Tyutchev, Peter Vyazemsky, Alexander Strugovshchikov, Vasily Botkin, Ivan Panaev, Pavel Annenkov, Dmitry Grigorovich, Alexander Herzen, Sergey Volkonsky, and Leo Tolstoy). It is perhaps this association that led Nikolai Alekseevich Nekrasov (1821–1878) to purchase a painting by Rafail Levitsky that hangs in the living room of the N.A. Nekrasov Apartment Museum to this day.
Sergei Levitsky was also one of the founders of Russian's first Photographic Societies, a writer of articles for the Russian magazine "Photograph" and was actively involved in organizing national and international photographic exhibitions throughout his lifetime. He wrote memoirs in two volumes entitled, Reminiscences of an Old Photographer (1892) and How I Became a Photographer (1896). He is buried in St. Petersburg's Smolenskoye Cemetery.
Paris studio.
Between 1859 and 1864 Sergei Levitsky operated a photographic studio at 22, rue de Choiseul in Paris formerly the address for American daguerreotypist Warren Thompson Warren-Thompson and joined the Société Française de Photographie (SPF).
Levitsky and Warren-Thompson were associated 1847-49 both making large format daguerreotypes. Thompson opened a studio at 22 rue Choiseul in 1853.
In 1864 Levitsky in turn sold out to Augustin Aimé Joseph Le Jeune whose cards carried the Levitsky name and the information that he was the new owner/successor i.e. 'Lejeune succr' until at least 1867 and Lejeune reused negatives made by Levitsky as well as making his own images.
Lejeune also operated a studio at 106 Rue de Rivoli associated there with a relative Denis Victor Adolphe Le Jeune from 1867.
Confusion as to the operation of Levitsky's studio in Paris has arisen from the reference to 'Levitsky', 'M. Levitsky' and 'Maison Levitsky' on Lejeune's cartes de visites and cabinet cards with his ownership and authorship printed usually on the lower right hand side, as 'Le Jeune Succ^r'.
By 1872 Le Jeune was operating at 350 Rue St Honore and in turn after the Le Jeunes sold the Rue de Rivoli studio to Auguste La Planquais in 1873 and the following year the Rue St Honore studio to Léon Abraham Marius Joliot.
Le Jeune was listed as a member of the SPF until 1885 as was Levitsky but the latter is most likely a confusion with the exit date of Lejeune.
In 1864 Levitsky wrote about his Paris career in The Russian Magazine "Photograph" (1864, № 3-4) in which he described his great success and artistic triumph which "brought to his Paris studio daily orders of some 1500 requests; many of which could not be filled".
Showing in practice that the skillful combination of both natural and artificial light allowed one to create interesting effects, Levitsky's photographs became recognized throughout Europe for their mastery.
Following his father's lead, Rafail Levitsky worked alongside his father in Paris placing his Russian monogram ; on the carte de visite (CDV) photo cards when his hand was involved in the process of taking the photograph.
In 1864 when his father closed the Levitsky studio in Paris, Rafail returned to Russia with his father. 
St. Petersburg studio.
The Levitsky St. Petersburg studio of the 1890s was a father son enterprise. Photo cards of this time have the distinctive Levitsky name 'and Son' both written as a signature and printed on their backs.
Upon his father's death, Rafail continued the operation and tradition of the Levitsky portrait studio taking the now famous photos of Czar Nicholas II and Czarina Alexandra and their children Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna of Russia, Grand Duchess Tatiana Nikolaevna of Russia, Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia, Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia, and Alexei Nikolaevich, Tsarevich of Russia. So popular were the photos of the Romanovs that they were reproduced individually for public consumption in an 'Edition A Bon Marche' by Rafail.
While running the St. Petersburg studio Rafail began the tradition of taking photos of everyday Russian actors and everyday Russian people while continuing the Studio's resume of taking photos that included Russia's who's who including such luminaries as Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovich of Russia, Russian General Aleksei Nikolaievitch Kouropatkine and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
Rafail took part in numerous international and Russian photographic exhibitions, sometimes serving on the jury. His works received multiple awards in international exhibitions.
The Levitsky Studio was located in Moika River Embankment, 30 (1860s), Nevsky Prospect, 28 (1890s), and Kazanskaya Street, 3 (1898, the house is not preserved).
The Levitsky St. Petersburg Studio remained in operation until it was closed by the Soviets in 1918.
Photography's first Artist.
Rafail Levitsky is considered to be the first artist in history to be also a fine art photographer. 
During his lifetime many of the Levitsky famous photographic portraits became partial or complete replacements of the model by artists, lithographers, illustrators and even engravers as in the case of Levitsky's portrait of Alexander III which was used on the Russian ruble bank note.
However, the Levitsky Studio's lasting importance is found in their ability to understand and exploit the relationship between art and photography; understanding that it could be possible that a photographer using a mechanical device that creates the image, could impose their personal spirit into the finished photograph.
For the Studio believed that it was not simply a process of taking the most famous photographs of the who's who of European and North American society but an artistic endeavour and pursuit to capture the essence of the sitter and relay this through the photographic image captured. 
Rafail's ability to understand, apply and build upon the scientific photographic advancements developed by his father would begin to establish Rafail's photography as a worthy form of artistic expression; no less effective than a painting or a sculpture.
His achievements preceded famous artists as photographers such as Edgar Degas who began taking photographs in 1895 and Man Ray who would not produce his first significant photographs until 1918.
Rafail's photos are the first to show images of sitters in naturalistic poses, soft lighting, within naturalistic backgrounds, and expressing real sentiments like joy and laughter or tenderness as in the photo of Czarina Alexandra with Olga and Maria (1899).
Compare similar photos of the day where sitters stood as straight as soldiers and looked out at the viewer like a deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming car and one will instantly see why the Levitsky studio was miles ahead of its competitors and why being an artist was so important to the early development of photography.
Legacy.
The magnitude of Rafail Levitsky's catalogue raisonné remains unknown. His influence on artists, his history, and his life's artistic achievements were erased during the Soviet era; an era where aristocratic origins and ties to the Romanov family were cause for violent repression. The State Russian Museum does not own pictures, drawings or archival documents in its collection of this once great Russian artist.
In the most complete collection ever produced reviewing the tradition of Russian and European painting entitled the Encyclopedia of World Art published by White City; the author Alexander Shestimirov includes Rafail Levitsky's artistic work in all three volumes – Russian Seascape Painting – p. 443; Russian Landscape Painting – p. 888; and Russian Portrait Painting – p. 1416.
Individual works are found hanging in the Nekrasov Apartment Museum, 36 Liteiny Avenue, St. Petersburg; The Stavropol Regional Museum of Fine Arts; The Chuvash State Art Museum and The State Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow.
Today, the largest collection of Rafail Sergeevich Levitsky works are found in The Di Rocco Wieler Private Collection (DRWC), Toronto, Canada which is dedicated to preserving the memory, legacy and works of Rafail Sergeevitch Levitsky and Sergei Lvovich Levitsky.
References.
1. Burova G. K, Gaponov O. I, Rumjantseva V. F. Association of Mobile Art Exhibitions: in 2 т. М, Art, 1952–1959
2. Tchernyshev E.A., V.D.Polenov's Memorial Estate. the Catalogue. Л, 1964
3. Mosenzov G. N., Catalogue: Painting. Sculpture. Drawing. – Omsk, 1941
4. Spiridonov A.N., Catalogue Omsk гос. Museum of Fine Arts: Painting, Drawing, and Sculpture. – Omsk, 1955
5. Omsk Region. Museum of Fine Arts: Рус. дорев. Art: Painting, Drawing, teatr.-dekorats. Art, a sculpture. Кат. – Л, 1986
6. Guidebook to Dashkovsky meeting of images of Russian figures. – m. 1882. (Mosk. публ. And Rumjantsev. Museums)
7. Makarenko Nickolay, Report written by request of the Committee of Imperial Society of Honouring Visual Arts, published Saint Petersburg, 1914.
8. Tolstoy Lev Nikolaevich, Volume 84, Letters written to S.A. Tolstoy 1887-1910, complete works; letter written January 1895.
9. Kim E.V., I.A. Shljakov and an Art Life in Rostov (I. 1880-1890th) Books of Visitors of the Rostov Museum of Church Antiquities.
10. Strunsky Rose, translated Journal of Lev Nikolaevich Tolstoy translation -1917.

</doc>
<doc id="19724373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724373" title="Brian Barber">
Brian Barber

Brian Scott Barber (born March 4, 1973) is a former Major League Baseball starting pitcher. He was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the first round of the 1991 amateur draft, and was later signed to a minor league contract. He batted and threw right-handed during his career.
Major league baseball career.
Barber made his major league debut on August 12, 1995 with the Cardinals at age 22, making him the youngest player on the team. On that day, Barber pitched four innings, giving up three earned runs. He had a record of 2–1 and 5.22 earned run average. The following year, he pitched in only 3 innings, with an ERA of 15.00. Following the 1996 season, Barber found himself unhappy with the Cardinals, and on December 21, 1996, he was granted free agency. Two weeks later, he was signed by the Kansas City Royals. Barber missed the entire 1997 season in the minors. In 1998, Barber reemerged, pitching in 42 innings. His ERA was, however, 6.00. He also recorded a record of 2–4. The following year, Barber pitched in only 18.2 innings, with an ERA of 9.64, and a record of 1–3. On October 4, 1999, Barber was granted free agency again. About two months later, he was picked up by the Cleveland Indians. However, Barber would not pitch in an Indians uniform, as he retired.
At the time of his retirement Barber had a 5–8 record, a 6.77 ERA, 45 walks, and 59 strikeouts. Barber was 1 for 8 hitting, with a lifetime batting average of .125. His lifetime fielding percentage was 1.000.

</doc>
<doc id="19724389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724389" title="Redigo (TV series)">
Redigo (TV series)

Redigo is a 15-week Western dramatic series, set on a New Mexico ranch during the early 1960s, which aired over NBC from September 24 to December 31, 1963. The series features Richard Egan as ranch owner Jim Redigo, Roger Davis as Mike the ranch hand, and Elena Verdugo as Gerry. Don Diamond appeared in four episodes, three as the character Arturo.
"Redigo" was the truncated second half-hour season of the previous one-hour series, "Empire", which aired from September 25, 1962, to May 13, 1963. Both programs were placed on the Tuesday evening schedule against CBS's "The Red Skelton Show". "Redigo" also lost out in the ratings to the ABC military sitcom, "McHale's Navy", starring Ernest Borgnine and Tim Conway.
In "Redigo", Egan's character Jim Redigo was no longer the manager of the large Garrett Ranch but the owner of his own smaller spread nearby. The half-hour format made it hard for the program to develop complex characters as had been done in the initial one-hour version of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="19724390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724390" title="Gulf County Schools">
Gulf County Schools

Gulf County Schools is a school district headquartered in Port St. Joe, Florida, United States. This district serves all of Gulf County and the City of Mexico Beach in Bay County.

</doc>
<doc id="19724405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724405" title="Okenia">
Okenia

Okenia is a genus of colorful sea slugs, specifically of dorid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Goniodorididae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Okenia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19724406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724406" title="Okanagan Game Farm">
Okanagan Game Farm

The Okanagan Game Farm was a private zoo located in Kaleden, British Columbia, a small community approximately south of Penticton, British Columbia. The park closed on March 31, 1999 after 33 years in operation.
History.
The Okanagan Game Farm opened in 1967 after a group of thirty shareholders agreed to invest $200,000 in the Farm on 270 hectares of land leased from the Penticton Indian Band in the small community of Kaleden, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19724426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724426" title="Lee Blair (artist)">
Lee Blair (artist)

Lee Everett Blair (October 1, 1911 – April 19, 1993) was an American artist.
He was born in Los Angeles, California and died in Soquel, California. He was the younger brother of Preston Blair and the husband of Mary Blair.
In 1932 he won a gold medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his "Rodeo".

</doc>
<doc id="19724436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724436" title="Common Street District">
Common Street District

The Common Street District is a historic district in Mobile, Alabama. It is composed of seventeen residences from 959 to 1002 Dauphin Street and 7 to 19 Common Street, primarily featuring examples of Greek Revival, Italianate, and Queen Anne style architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 04, 1982. The district was later absorbed into the much larger Old Dauphin Way Historic District.
Gallery.
Examples of architecture within the Common Street District:

</doc>
<doc id="19724458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724458" title="United States Senate election in Ohio, 2004">
United States Senate election in Ohio, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Ohio took place on November 2, 2004. It was concurrent with elections to the United States House of Representatives and the presidential election. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator George Voinovich won re-election to a second term.
Campaign.
A popular U.S. Senator, Voinovich was the heavy favorite to win the election. He had over $9 million in the bank, while his opponent barely had $1.5 million. Fingerhut's campaign was overshadowed by the possible campaign of Democrat and former Mayor of Cincinnati Jerry Springer, who eventually declined to run.
Voinovich is considered a moderate on some issues. He supports gun control and amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Surprisingly, Voinovich's biggest advantage was getting support from the most Democratic leaning county in the state, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Kerry carried it with almost 67% of the vote, by far his best performance in the state in 2004. It is the home of Cleveland and it is also most populous county in the state. Voinovich was a former mayor of Cleveland. In addition, he catered to Cleveland's large Jewish population by visiting Israel six times as a first-term U.S. Senator. He also consistently voted for aid to Israel through foreign appropriations bills. He's supported resolutions reaffirming Israel's right to self-defense and condemned Palestinian terrorist attacks. In addition, Fingerhut's home base was in the Cleveland area, and therefore he had to cut in through the incumbent's home base in order to even make the election close.
In a September University of Cincinnati poll, the incumbent lead 64% to 34%. In an October ABC News poll, Voinovich was winning 60% to 35%. He led across almost all demographic groups Only among Democrats, non-whites, liberals, and those who pick health care as #1 issue favor Fingerhut. It should be noted that the election coincided with the presidential election, where Ohio was a swing state. 27% of Voinovich's supporters preferred U.S. Senator John Kerry for president.

</doc>
<doc id="19724490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724490" title="Miyama Station">
Miyama Station


</doc>
<doc id="19724493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724493" title="Freddie Brooks (musician)">
Freddie Brooks (musician)

Freddie Brooks (born 1962) is an American singer-songwriter and blues harmonica player. A native of Wichita, Kansas, he started performing on the Southern California blues scene in 1989. He played West Coast blues.
Biography.
Brooks began playing in Southern California in 1989. He played with Bernie Pearl in a few bands before releasing his first and only album, "One Little Word" in 1999. Brooks was a regular performer in Orange County, California. 
Brooks also played with Jim Belushi. 
A 2003 article in "OC Weekly" noted that Brooks retired from music.
Reception.
Randy Lewis of The "Los Angeles Times" praised Brooks' 1999 album "One Little Word", complimenting the range of emotions of the songs. Mike Boehm, also of the "Los Angeles Time"s, noted Brooks' versatility on the album, and compared his backing band to Booker T. & the MGs backing Otis Redding. The "OC Weekly" ranked Brooks as #111 in the greatest Orange County bands of all time, calling "One Little Word" one of the best albums of the decade, citing its originality and energy. 

</doc>
<doc id="19724502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724502" title="Man of Steel Awards">
Man of Steel Awards

The Man of Steel Awards is an end-of-season awards dinner for the Super League rugby league competition. The event's name is taken from the main award presented, the Man of Steel award for the rugby league football player of the year.
Man of Steel award.
Started in 1977, the Man of Steel Award annually honours the outstanding player in the British game. Originally voted on by members of the Rugby Football League press and, from 2008, by Super League players themselves, the award has often bypassed the top try scorer, winning captain or great International player. The award is club and country blind - the success of the player's club is irrelevant and winners include Australians and a New Zealander.

</doc>
<doc id="19724511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724511" title="The Aftermath (Irish band)">
The Aftermath (Irish band)

The Aftermath are an Irish mod/pop rock band, currently based in Mullingar. They are composed of brothers Johnny (guitar, keys, vocals) and Michael Cronin (drums, percussion, samples, vocals), both of whom are originally from Longford but raised in Leeds, UK, as well as Mullingar guitarist, Justin McNabb and bassist Martin Gray. The Aftermath released their debut album, "Friendlier Up Here" on 25 April 2008. They have had three singles enter the Irish Singles Chart, all inside the Top 20; "One is Fun/Are You Not?" spent two weeks in the chart and peaked at number eleven, "Hollywood Remake/Need" also spent two weeks in the chart and peaked at number nineteen, whilst latest single "All I Want is For You to Be Happy" spent a week in the chart at number thirteen. All this led to the band being voted at number nine in the "Most Promising for 2007" category in the "Hot Press" Readers Poll.
The Aftermath have also received praise from far within the musical hierarchy, most notably from indie rocksters Kaiser Chiefs and have provided support for Razorlight, The Streets, The Mission and The Frames on Irish and European dates. They have played a double-headliner in Whelan's, Dublin with New York outfit Arckid, who feature Liv Tyler’s husband Royston Langdon on bass and lead vocals. Eight weeks of 2006 were spent in BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles's Top Unsigned Bands Chart and they are still the only Irish band to have featured in the Tastemakers Chart. Festival appearances include Electric Picnic, Indie-pendence, Le Chéile and Hard Working Class Heroes. The Aftermath are named after the Cronins favourite album by The Rolling Stones. They are signed to the Live Transmission label.
Career.
Debut album.
The Aftermath had two top 20 singles independently by touring Ireland, playing small venues, independent record stores, lunchtime gigs and entertaining the people who bought their record. The band members moved to France to work with Karl and Dave Odlum. Acquaintances from their time touring the UK helped the band - Phil Vinyl (Placebo, Elastica and Pulp) offered producer strokes, Ger McDonald (Travis and U2) performed mixing duties, Steve Wickham of The Waterboys and Damien Rice's cellist Vyvienne Long assisted as did former Anathema bassist, Duncan Patterson and Paul Weller's keyboardist Helen Turner who continues to play live with the band. Words of wisdom were given by the legendary producer Mike Hedges and Irish Jack Lyons, an old associate of The Who and there were contributions from Terry Edwards, well-known for working with Tindersticks, whom the band befriended when they supported Gallon Drunk and The Ukrainians. The band have also used fan footage from a free show in Mullingar to create a video for their 2008 single "Northern Lingerie".
2007 bus crash.
The Aftermath were involved in a near-fatal bus crash on 13 July 2007. The crash, which took place on a Friday night, happened just outside the village of Kilbeggan in County Westmeath. All four members of the band and two members of their crew were treated for injuries after the accident. The band were in the middle of an extensive Irish tour at the time in support of their "All I Want For You is to Be Happy" single.
In the aftermath, Johnny Cronin said: "We thought we were goners, we really thought that this was it - game over. It was like being in a tumble drier - only worse. It¹s a miracle we all made it out alive." 
2009.
On 3 April 2009, The Aftermath played their first UK show of the year at the Brudenell Social Club in Leeds. The show was filmed and later released on DVD. On 1 May 2009, a new single, "Northern Lingerie", was released. The song was remastered by John Davis in London's mastering division of Metropolis Group, Metropolis Mastering. The Aftermath will embark on an Irish tour across May and June 2009. The Aftermath also acted as The Word's house band at Electric Picnic 2009. They performed another Irish tour in late 2009.
Late 2009 saw the release as a single of a cover version of Frankie Goes to Hollywood's "The Power of Love", alongside an Irish tour of the West and Midlands regions in late 2009.
2010.
They played a series of shows across Ireland in June and July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19724512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724512" title="United States Senate election in Oklahoma, 2004">
United States Senate election in Oklahoma, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Oklahoma took place on November 2, 2004. The election was concurrent with elections to the United States House of Representatives and the presidential election. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Don Nickles decided to retire instead of seeking a fifth term. Republican nominee Tom Coburn won the open seat.
Republican primary.
Campaign.
Humphreys, the former Mayor of Oklahoma City, ran for the United States Senate with institutional conservative support, namely from Senators Don Nickles and Jim Inhofe, as well as former Congressman J. C. Watts. However, Coburn received support from the Club for Growth and conservative activists within Oklahoma. Humphreys noted, " is kind of a cult hero in the conservative portion of our party, not just in Oklahoma. You can't get right of the guy." Much of Coburn's celebrity within the Republican Party came from his tenure in Congress, where he battled House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who he argued was moving the party to the center of the political spectrum due to their excessive federal spending. Coburn's maverick nature culminated itself in 2000 when he backed conservative activist Alan Keyes for President rather than George W. Bush or John McCain.
Ultimately, Coburn triumphed over Humphreys, Anthony, and Hunt in the primary, winning every county in Oklahoma except for tiny Harmon County.
General election.
Campaign.
Carson and Coburn engaged each other head-on in one of the year's most brutal Senate contests. Coburn and the National Republican Senatorial Committee attacked Carson for being too liberal for Oklahoma and for being a vote in lockstep with John Kerry, Hillary Clinton, and Ted Kennedy. To drive the point home, one television advertisement aired by the Coburn campaign accused Carson of being "dangerously liberal" and not supporting the War on Terrorism. Coburn was aided in this effort by the fact that the Kerry campaign did not contest the state of Oklahoma and that incumbent President George W. Bush was expected to win Oklahoma comfortably. This was compounded by the fact that Vice-President Dick Cheney campaigned for Coburn and appeared in several television advertisements for him. Carson countered by emphasizing his Stilwell roots and his moderation, specifically, bringing attention to the fact that he fought for greater governmental oversight of nursing home care for the elderly. Carson responded to the attacks against him by countering that his opponent had committed Medicaid fraud years prior, in an event that reportedly left a woman sterilized without her consent. Ultimately, however, Carson was not able to overcome Oklahoma's conservative nature and Senator Kerry's abysmal performance in Oklahoma, and he was defeated by Coburn by 11.5%. As of 2012, the result remains the closest the Democrats have come to winning a Senate election in Oklahoma since Republican Don Nickles was first elected to the Senate by 8.7% in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19724524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724524" title="It Miek">
It Miek

It Miek (sometimes appearing as "It Mek" or "A It Mek") was a 1969 hit song by the Jamaican musicians, Desmond Dekker & The Aces. After being re-released in June 1969, the single reached number 7 in the UK Singles Chart. The track was written by Dekker (under his real name of Desmond Dacres) and his record producer, Leslie Kong, and was recorded in Jamaica with the brass accompaniment added in the UK. It spent eleven weeks in the UK chart, and by September 1970 had sold over a million copies worldwide. A gold record was presented by Ember Records, the distributors of Dekker's recordings.
The song's title is Jamaican patois meaning "that's why" or "that's the reason."

</doc>
<doc id="19724529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724529" title="Trygve Seim">
Trygve Seim

Trygve Seim (born 25 April 1971 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (saxophone) and composer. He started to play the saxophone in 1985 after hearing Jan Garbarek's CD "Eventyr".
Career.
Seim studied music at Foss videregående skole (1987-90) and attended the Jazz program at the Trondheim Musikkonservatorium (1990-92). In 1991, He and fellow student, the pianist Christian Wallumrød founded the group Airamero in 1991, including bassist Johannes Eick and drummer Per Oddvar Johansen. The band released the album "Airamero" in 1994. It also undertook several concert tours in Scandinavia and Germany.
Seim became part of Jon Balke's band Oslo 13 in 1992, and took over the joint leadership of this orchestra in 1994 together with Morten Halle and Torbjørn Sunde. Now the band is called 1300 Oslo. He is also a member of jazz quartet The Source with Øyvind Brække, Mats Eilertsen and Per Oddvar Johansen. They have made five records and played several concert tours all over Europe and Russia, and played with Edward Vesala and Kenny Wheeler.
Seim's debut CD release as a leader, "Different Rivers", released on the Norge record label ECM in 2001, received good reviews all over the world, winning the German Record Critics Prize, "Jahrespreis - Preis der Deutschen Schallplattenkritik". Since then, he has released several records with ECM.
He has, more recently, composed music for classical musicians, especially Norwegian mezzo soprano Anne-Lise Berntsen, soprano Tora Augestad, violinist Atle Sponberg and such as his new work "Between Voice and Presence" for the Trio Mediaeval. For the 2006 Vossajazz Festival, he wrote a full-length commissioned concert, "Reiser".
Discography.
As a leader and composer:
As a co-leader and composer:
As a sideman:

</doc>
<doc id="19724530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724530" title="United States Senate election in Oregon, 2004">
United States Senate election in Oregon, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Oregon was held on November 2, 2004. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Ron Wyden won re-election to a second full term.

</doc>
<doc id="19724536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724536" title="1910–11 Scottish Cup">
1910–11 Scottish Cup

The 1910–11 Scottish Cup was the 38th staging of Scotland's most prestigious football knockout competition. The Cup was won by Celtic who defeated Hamilton Academical 2–0 in the replayed final, after drawing 0–0.

</doc>
<doc id="19724545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724545" title="Aminosalicylic acid">
Aminosalicylic acid

Aminosalicylic acid can refer to any amino derivative of salicylic acid, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="19724550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724550" title="United States Senate election in Pennsylvania, 2004">
United States Senate election in Pennsylvania, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 2, 2004. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Arlen Specter won re-election to a fifth term.
Democratic primary.
Campaign.
Democrats had difficulty recruiting top tier candidates against the popular Specter. Among the Democrats to decline to run for the nomination were Treasurer (and former Republican) Barbara Hafer, Public Utilities Commissioner John Hanger, real estate mogul Howard Hanna, State Representative (and also former Republican) John Lawless, and State Senator (and future Congresswoman) Allyson Schwartz.
Congressman Hoeffel ended up running unopposed for the Democratic nomination. Software businessman Charlie Crystle was considered a strong possible candidate, but he dropped out before the election.
Republican primary.
Campaign.
Specter faced a primary challenge from Representative Pat Toomey. Despite the state Republican Party's strong history of embracing a moderate philosophy, the influence of conservatism among rank-and-file members had been steadily growing for decades; because of his liberal social views, Specter was often considered to be a "Republican in Name Only" by the right.Although Specter had a huge fundraising advantage, Toomey was aided by $2 million of advertising from the Club for Growth, a conservative political action committee that focuses on fiscal issues and targets moderate Republican incumbents. Toomey criticized Specter as a spendthrift on economic policy and as out of touch with his own party on social issues. Although Toomey had difficulty with name recognition early in the campaign, he built huge momentum over the final weeks preceding the primary, and Specter appeared to have transitioned from having a comfortable lead to being behind his challenger [http://books.google.com/books?id=1J_9q-lIWRkC&pg=PA112&lpg=PA112&dq=1998+ridge+itkin&source=bl&ots=AK6b-Ut25d&sig=ln8QefiZodyBTkRiIzEYxTt21Ro&hl=en&ei=cPjETOLTOoOglAenj8EH&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=6&ved=0CCQQ6AEwBQ#v=snippet&q=klink&f=false
Specter received a huge boost from the vocal support of President George W. Bush; most of the state's Republican establishment also closed ranks behind Specter. This included Pennsylvania's other U.S. Senator, Rick Santorum, who was noted for his social conservative views. Many Republicans at the state and national level feared that if Toomey beat Specter, he wouldn't be able to defend the seat against his Democratic opponent.
General election.
Campaign.
For Democrats, hope of winning the election centered on Toomey's defeat of Specter. However, after the challenge from the right failed, enthusiasm from the party establishment waned and Hoeffel had difficulty matching the name recognition and fundraising power of his opponent Despite contempt from conservatives, Specter enjoyed high levels of support from independent voters and, as in previous elections, a surprisingly large crossover from Democratic voters. Even in the areas in which Toomey performed best in the Republican primary (mainly the state's conservative, rural center), Specter performed well. Except for his large margin of victory in almost uniformly Democratic Philadelphia, Hoeffel was crushed at the polls; his only other wins came by close margins in three metro Pittsburgh counties; although President Bush proved to be unpopular in the state, voters were not willing to abandon Specter over party affiliation.

</doc>
<doc id="19724564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724564" title="Goran Dimovski">
Goran Dimovski

Goran Dimovski (born 14 October 1982) is a Macedonian footballer playing for FK Bregalnica Štip.

</doc>
<doc id="19724584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724584" title="Employee Transfer">
Employee Transfer

"Employee Transfer" is the sixth episode of the fifth season of the television series "The Office", and the show's seventy-eighth episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on October 30, 2008 on NBC.
In this episode, Michael struggles with the fact that his girlfriend Holly is being transferred back to her old branch in Nashua, NH, after CFO David Wallace discovers their relationship. Meanwhile, Pam and Jim's two brothers play a prank on Jim, and Dwight irritates his romantic rival Andy by taking an interest in Andy's old school, Cornell University.
Synopsis.
Pam (Jenna Fischer) is embarrassed when she is the only person at corporate wearing a costume on Halloween. Pam's intended costume is Charlie Chaplin, but because her mustache was applied with grease paint which she cannot remove, she shows annoyance that she cannot remove her hat, as she then resembles Adolf Hitler. In Scranton, Stanley (Leslie David Baker) wears a Creature from the Black Lagoon mask in order to sleep at work and not get caught while Creed (Creed Bratton), Kevin (Brian Baumgartner) and Dwight (Rainn Wilson) dress up as Heath Ledger's version of the Joker from "The Dark Knight". Kelly (Mindy Kaling) dresses up as Carrie Bradshaw from "Sex and the City", and Ryan (B. J. Novak) tries to woo her. Ryan dresses as Gordon Gekko from the film "Wall Street", which Kelly associates with the GEICO gecko. Oscar (Oscar Nunez) dresses up like Uncle Sam, Meredith (Kate Flannery) is a cheerleader, Phyllis (Phyllis Smith) is Raggedy Ann, and Andy (Ed Helms) is a cat from the Broadway show "Cats". Angela (Angela Kinsey) is in the same kitten outfit as she was in "Halloween". Jim's (John Krasinski) outfit is minimalist as usual, dressing up as a guy named "Dave" (a costume consisting of his normal attire, with a name tag).
Holly (Amy Ryan) has been transferred back to her old branch in Nashua, New Hampshire after CFO David Wallace discovered her relationship with Michael (Steve Carell). Michael and Darryl (Craig Robinson) help her move using Darryl's truck. Michael and Holly want to continue their relationship, but as they get closer to Nashua, Holly starts to come to the realization that their relationship is not going to work with the long distance, citing the seven hour drive. Michael continuously begs her to keep their relationship alive as he fears he will go back to Jan. Michael had originally intended to spend the weekend with Holly before heading back to Scranton, but after they move her stuff into her new house, he changes his mind and decides to head back with Darryl. Michael and Holly share one last embrace before he leaves. In the truck, Darryl tries to console Michael by teaching him to sing the blues, which Michael does not understand.
Jim meets Pam in New York for lunch with his brothers, Tom (Blake Robbins) and Pete (Tug Coker). Pam, Tom, and Pete arrive early to discuss a prank Pam wants to play on Jim that involves her engagement ring. Tom and Pete, however, think of playing a prank involving her interest in art, which she agrees to, though she appears to be mildly offended. When Jim arrives, Tom and Pete begin mocking Pam's interest in art, and Jim continuously comes to her defense. When the argument becomes heated, Tom and Pete reveal it was a prank, and Jim and Pam stare awkwardly at each other. Later, when Jim and Pam are walking outside of the restaurant, Pam explains her original idea for the prank, which Jim appreciates much more than his brothers' idea. Moments later, Jim receives a text message from his brother stating his approval of Pam and welcoming her to the family.
Meanwhile, back in Scranton, Dwight comes in wearing a Cornell sweatshirt, which irritates Andy, who thinks Dwight is mocking him. Dwight tries to talk about Cornell with Andy and tells him that he is going to apply there. He further installs a Cornell pennant and a Cornell mascot bobblehead in his area. Unable to take any more of Dwight's mocking, Andy calls the university and is given permission to give Dwight his interview for admission. Andy has no intention of allowing Dwight to pass, but during the interview, Dwight notices inconsistencies with Andy's questions such as asking who was Cornell's 8th president, which Dwight answers correctly as Dale R. Corson, but Andy replies with Cornell's 7th president, James A. Perkins. Then Dwight starts writing down his critique of Andy's interviewing skills, which he tells him he is going to send to the university. Dwight additionally gets to Andy by proclaiming his newfound desire to change his application to the "vastly superior Dartmouth," which becomes the last straw for Andy. After a heated physical struggle with the conference room table, Andy gives up. At the end of the episode, Andy comes into the office in overalls, a farmer's hat, and a basket of beets, saying he is starting his own beet farm, hence trying to be like Dwight. Dwight, however, is quick to point out Andy's knowledge of beets, or lack thereof. Through the day Angela is seen to be annoyed by both Andy and Dwight's antics, but does not speak up against either one.
Cultural references.
Creed, Dwight and Kevin all dress in the style of Heath Ledger's performance as The Joker in the 2008 film, "The Dark Knight". Actor Creed Bratton said of his costume, "I worked pretty hard to get him down. A lot of people said it was really eerie and kind of uncomfortable."
The song "Life is a Highway" written and originally performed by Tom Cochrane is featured during the road trip.
Jack Bauer is mentioned in the interview between Dwight and Andy.
Reception.
Holly's transfer to Nashua ranked number 4 in "phillyBurbs.com"'s top ten moments from the fifth season of "The Office". However, "Employee Transfer" was voted the fourth lowest-rated episode out of 26 from the fifth season, according to an episode poll at the fansite "OfficeTally"; the episode was rated 7.20 out of 10.
Reviews were mixed. Though "CinemaBlend" called the episode "weird" and the opening Halloween party "hilarious", it discussed at some length Holly and Michael's road trip with Darryl, which became a "painful breakup process" for the couple, with "poor Darryl" forced to listen to Michael begging not to break up. IGN gave the episode a grade of 8.4 ("Great"), and described Steve Carell as adding "another dimension" to his character. Noting "a bunch of great moments" during the truck road trip, IGN singled out Darryl trying to teach Michael how to sing the blues as he "both laughs and cries" as taking "the prize" and "a pitch perfect moment and a beautiful scene". Adam Sweeney of Film School Rejects wrote, "the strength of the episode came, not surprisingly, in the road trip Michael, Holly, and Craig (Darryl Philbin) took to move Holly following her transfer. There is nothing more entertaining than a man that is desperate not to lose his girlfriend". But Sweeney summarized that it "may have been the weakest episode of season five."
In a later review in TheTVCritic.org, Robin Pierson wrote "Michael and Holly’s break-up is all too real and brings forth some excellent acting from both. Michael breaking down and crying and admitting that he will go back to Jan and that he hates her is particularly effective. Without any context his whiny voice might seem like overacting but it feels like the embodiment of Michael Scott and is very moving to hear."

</doc>
<doc id="19724599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724599" title="United States Senate election in Utah, 2004">
United States Senate election in Utah, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Utah was held on November 2, 2004. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Bob Bennett won re-election to a third term.

</doc>
<doc id="19724608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724608" title="Mata Ashita ne/Code">
Mata Ashita ne/Code

The CD's catalog number is GNCX-0016.

</doc>
<doc id="19724626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724626" title="EnergyTeachers.org">
EnergyTeachers.org

EnergyTeachers.org is a network of educators interested in energy production and use. It is also the name of the website of the organization. The full corporate name is EnergyTeachers.org Inc.
EnergyTeachers.org was incorporated in Massachusetts in 2004. It is governed by a board of 3 directors, and run by one person, who acts as president, treasurer, and clerk. The organization is a public charity, designated 501(c)(3) by the IRS in 2005.
Resources.
Bibliography, annotated links, calendar of relevant events, educator online forum, equipment for loan.
Publications.
In 2007 EnergyTeachers.org published a field trip guide for teachers and distributed it for free to over 1400 schools. The book lists places of interest where teachers and students can learn about renewable energy and energy efficiency. The publication was paid for by a grant from the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative, charged with overseeing the state's Renewable Energy Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="19724634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724634" title="Call Me Crazy">
Call Me Crazy

Call Me Crazy is the sixth studio album released by country music singer Lee Ann Womack, released on October 21, 2008 via MCA Nashville Records. It is her first studio release in three years, as her previous album (2006's "Finding My Way Back Home") was not released. The lead-off single to this album is "Last Call" which in late 2008 became Womack's first Top 20 country hit in three years. The album's second single, "Solitary Thinkin", was released in April 2009 and reached the Top 40 of the country charts, peaking at #39 in June 2009. The album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Album on December 2, 2009.
Background.
Womack told "The Early Show", "Well, I always like to tell people, really, a lot of the songs just come from real life, whether I wrote them or other writers. You know, that's the beauty of country music, it's about real-life situations. And so I look for songs that really mean something to me, either I've been through it or I know somebody that's been through it. And something that really touches me."
Content.
"Last Call" is the first single release from this album. Written by Shane McAnally and Erin Enderlin, the song is Womack's first chart entry since "Finding My Way Back Home" in mid-2006.
The album was produced by Tony Brown. One track, "The Bees", features background vocals from Keith Urban, and "Everything but Quits" is a duet with George Strait. "The King of Broken Hearts" was originally recorded by Strait on the soundtrack to the 1993 film "Pure Country".
Critical reception.
According to the music review aggregator Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 73 out of 100, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Carrie Pitzer of the "Norfolk Daily News" gave the album a positive review and wrote, "Slightly better (it's hard to improve upon an album of the year) than her last, Womack sounds more mature this time around as she offers advice and explanation." Glenn Gamboa of "Newsday" gave the album a B+ rating and wrote, "Womack takes her love of traditional country in a whole new direction. It simply makes you wish for more where that came from." Ken Tucker of "Billboard" gave the album a favorable review and wrote, "Just when you thought she couldn’t get any better, Lee Ann Womack surprises in a big way. The first-time combination of Womack and producer Tony Brown is overdue and magical.“Solitary Thinkin’” proves Womack has more soul than just about any other country female vocalist out there. All hail the queen of country. Editors at "Performing Songwriter" said, "This is a pure, full-on country album filled with tales of heartache and regret. How can any country music fan not fall under Womack’s spell? If you’ve ever been lamenting that pop crossover is infecting country music, this collection of mostly downbeat tales sung by one of country’s most glorious voices will, ironically, give you hope." Nick Cristiano of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" gave the album a three and a half star rating and wrote, "The only real misfire is "I Found It in You," the kind of generic power ballad that throws the power and beauty of the rest of Call Me Crazy into even greater relief" Dave Heaton of "PopMatters" gave the album a rating of 7 and wrote, "Call Me Crazy is best when Womack conveys the understanding that we’re all sinners, when musically she doesn’t try too hard to isolate herself from the sins. After all, in the world of country music, sin is never that far away."
Editors at "No Depression" wrote, "But it's not the poignant themes that set this album apart; Womack has tackled them before, if never so relentlessly. It is, naturally, Womack's voice, full of personality, clarity and caressing warmth, and so agile she could turn a melody inside-out and still wind up with a hook. Editors at the "Fort Worth Star-Telegram" gave the album four stars and wrote, "Womack remains one of Music City’s most underrated talents. Crazy, her seventh record, is an often gloomy assortment of broken-hearted love songs ideal for consuming on some lonely, overcast fall day." Cathalena E. Burch of the "Arizona Daily Star" wrote, "Crazy puts Womack through those trenches and then some, with songs that dip into the well from which Loretta, Patsy, Barbara, Dolly and Tammy drank so freely a generation or two ago. "Crazy" dances through all the emotions country music is supposed to embrace — sorrow, heartbreak, starting over, getting over and renewal." Michael McCall of "Nashville Scene" wrote, Womack "And her veteran producer combine traditional and contemporary ideas into spare, breathing arrangements that add nuance to the real-life dramas of Womack's well-chosen material. Call Me Crazy certainly succeeds creatively—let's hope radio sees the potential for these songs to bring a needed depth to the format as well." Werner Trieschmann of The Village Voice gave the album a mixed review and wrote, "There’s a palpable melancholy in Womack’s delivery, a resignation that makes you believe—all right, hope—that there’s a little more where that came from, and a little less of everything else."
Thom Jurek of "AllMusic" gave the album three and a half stars and wrote, "Call Me Crazy continues Womack's journey of creating her own sonic brand. Perhaps next time she will flex her star power more and insist on more production control." Sarah Rodman of the "Boston Globe" gave the album a favorable review and wrote,"In addition to the timeless-sounding tracks, "Crazy" includes a few olive branches to contemporary country radio. The best thing about those tunes is that even though they seem like bids for hits, they don't sound remotely like compromises. We'll take that kind of "Crazy" any day. Johnathon Keefe of "Slant Magazine" gave the album three and a half stars and said, "Of course, at this point in her career, there is little lingering doubt as to Womack's talent, so Crazy doesn't prove any new points regarding her strengths as a hard-country vocalist. "The Bees," which is given a progressive, new wave-inflected production that drives its lilting, familiar melody with a slap bass and a muffled drum loop. While traditionalists will inevitably bristle at the track, its relative subtlety makes it one of the album's sonic experiments that actually work. Chris Willman of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the album an A- rating and wrote, "This overdue follow-up Call Me Crazy brings in a new producer (Tony Brown) but has Lee Ann Womack in much the same traditionalist mode, sounding like a distaff version of George Jones at his finest." Thomas Kintner of the "Hartford Courant" gave the album a positive review and wrote, "The Texas-bred singer returns with "Call Me Crazy," a similar assortment of tunes that are modern and accessible, but with a classic sensibility. Her singing pretty and poised, Womack caresses each song as she extracts its core emotions."
Matt Bjorke of "Roughstock" gave the album a favorable review and wrote, "At the end of the day, "Call Me Crazy" is an album that should please fans of both the traditional and contemporary sides of Lee Ann Womack. It's a well-written, sung, played and recorded album that only helps to prove why Lee Ann Womack is one of modern country music's most treasured artists." Jack Lowe of "About.com" gave the album four and a half stars and wrote, "Call Me Crazy has been 3 years in the making, and has been well worth the wait. Very smooth and easy to listen to from start to finish." Jasper Jones of "411 Mania" gave the album a rating of 7 and said, "For all the gold contained in Call Me Crazy, there seems to be just as much garbage." Christian Hoard of "Rolling Stone" gave the album three stars and said, "The album sounds way more professional than crazy, but tunefulness this pleasant works out just fine." Kevin J. Coyne of "Country Universe" gave the album three and a half stars and said, "Womack is such a talented performer that the album still satisfies in many ways, but it’s not quite up to the bar she has set so high with her best work." Editors at "ACountry" gave the album a positive review and wrote, "It's apparent this is music lovingly created by an artist who is reveling in what she was born to do." Brian Mansfield of "USA Today" gave the albums three and a half stars and wrote, "Womack rarely pushes the tempo of her sweet countrypolitan and dusty Southern soul, but the emotional dynamic is always intense."
Personnel.
Strings arranged by Bergen White.
Promotion & chart performance.
One way Womack has planned to promote the album is to tour.
Womack also previewed the album in Nashville, Tennessee on October 20 at Nashville's War Auditorium, singing nearly all of the songs on the album.
She also previewed the album at the Jazz Lincoln Center in New York City on September 17.
"Call Me Crazy" debuted at #4 on Billboard's Top Country Albums chart and #23 on the Billboard 200, becoming Womack's first album in nearly ten years to miss the Top 20.

</doc>
<doc id="19724648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724648" title="Konstantin Golovskoy">
Konstantin Golovskoy

Konstantin Yuryevich Golovskoy (; born April 25, 1975 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Taraz in Kazakhstan. He also holds Kazakhstani citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="19724651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724651" title="The Temple (Atlanta, Georgia)">
The Temple (Atlanta, Georgia)

The Temple (formally, the Hebrew Benevolent Congregation) in Atlanta, Georgia is a Jewish center in Atlanta. The oldest Jewish congregation in Atlanta, the Hebrew Benevolent Society, was established in 1860 to serve the needs of German-Jewish immigrants. The Temple designed by Philip Trammell Shutze in a Neoclassical style and was completed in 1931.
Previous temples of the congregation were located at:
During the 1950s and 1960s The Temple became a center for civil rights advocacy. In response, white supremacists bombed The Temple on October 12, 1958, with no injuries. While arrests were made, there were no convictions. Atlanta Journal-Constitution editor Ralph McGill's outraged front-page column on the Temple bombing won a Pulitzer Prize for commentary.

</doc>
<doc id="19724664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724664" title="Detroit Race Riot (1863)">
Detroit Race Riot (1863)

The Detroit Race Riot of 1863 occurred during the American Civil War on March 6, 1863 in the city of Detroit, Michigan. At the time, it was reported as “the bloodiest day that ever dawned upon Detroit.” It began due to unrest related to racism and the military draft.
While not as famous or destructive as riots later in Detroit’s history, the riot of 1863 was certainly a momentous occasion for the city of Detroit. The casualties of the day included at least two innocent people dead, a multitude of others, mostly African-American, mercilessly beaten. 35 buildings were burned to the ground, and a number of other buildings were damaged by fire.
The riot resulted in the creation of a full-time police force for Detroit.

</doc>
<doc id="19724668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724668" title="Alejandro Ávila">
Alejandro Ávila

Alejandro Ávila is a Mexican telenovela actor. 
Biography.
He was born on June 2 in Salamanca, Guanajuato, Mexico.
His real name is Alejandro Aranda and his artistic name was chosen to honor his stepfather. He is currently married to a Cuban woman with whom he has a daughter and a stepson.
He has participated in teenager-aimed soap operas.

</doc>
<doc id="19724675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724675" title="Courtland Center">
Courtland Center

Courtland Center is an enclosed shopping mall in Burton, Michigan, a suburb of Flint, Michigan, USA. It opened in 1968, two years before the larger Genesee Valley Center on the other side of the Flint metropolitan area. Courtland Center comprises more than sixty inline tenants, including four anchor stores: JCPenney, Dunham's Sports, Staples, and Jo-Ann Etc. The mall is owned by Tucker Development.
History.
Courtland Center opened in 1968 as Eastland Mall in what was then Burton Township, at the southwestern corner of East Court Street and Center Road. At the time, it featured three anchor stores: The Fair on the western end, Detroit, Michigan-based Federal's in the center, and discount chain Woolco on the eastern end. Federal's closed in the late 1970s, and briefly became a Robert Hall Village store before JCPenney took over the space.
By 1982, the theater was acquired by National Amusements, who split the auditorium into two smaller screens. Later that same year, Woolco closed as the parent company, F.W. Woolworth Company, closed the last of the American Woolco stores. The former Woolco space was soon subdivided between a Crowley's department store and additional mall space. Later in the 1980s, the mall's theater complex was closed. Also, The Fair closed in 1987 and became Mervyn's.
In the 1990s, JCPenney expanded its presence at the mall by moving its home goods into a space that had been vacated by Perry Drug Stores, and some of the women's apparel into an adjacent storefront formerly occupied by a Marianne clothing store. Crowley's closed in 1997, and the theaters re-opened in 1999 under the management of National Amusements.
2000s redevelopment.
Tucker Development acquired the mall from Forest City Enterprises in the early 2004 and began renovations on it. The far end of the former Crowley's was converted to Old Navy in July 2000, while the rest remained vacant. Also the late 1990s, the theater was renovated to become a first run complex with six screens, after the addition of stadium seating. Old Navy relocated inside the mall in 2005, displacing a former f.y.e. which had closed, and a Payless ShoeSource which was relocated. Later that same year, Staples moved from a nearby strip mall into Old Navy's former location, while the remainder of the former Crowley's was split between a new Jo-Ann Etc. store (resulting in the closure of the existing Jo-Ann Fabrics store) and Dunham's Sports, which had also moved from a nearby strip mall.
Mervyns closed in early 2006 when the chain exited Michigan. In late 2007, JCPenney announced that it would relocate its existing stores in the mall to a newer, larger location in the former Mervyns space. While the former Mervyns space was being redeveloped and expanded, the roof of the store caught on fire, causing the mall to close for a day in September 2007. Old Navy closed its store at the mall in January 2008, and JCPenney's new store opened on March 1, 2008, resulting in the closure of the three former JCPenney stores. The new location included several departments which were not present in the former locations, such as an inline Sephora store. JCPenney's former main store in the middle of the mall was replaced by Steve & Barry's, which opened on May 15, 2008, while the two sub-stores were vacated. Steve & Barry's closed December 2008, and the theaters re-closed in 2009 along with a B. Dalton bookstore. Planet Fitness replaced the Old Navy space in February 2011. On May 18, 2011, the cinema was reopened by NCG Cinemas as NCG Courtland Cinemas to replace NCG's Clio location.
In 2013, the mall was sold by Tucker Development to a limited liability company from Delaware.

</doc>
<doc id="19724682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724682" title="Edward Jardine">
Edward Jardine

Brigadier General Edward E. Jardine (November 2, 1828 – July 16, 1893) was an American U.S. Army officer during the American Civil War serving with the 9th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment under General Benjamin Butler and later the Army of the Potomac under General Ambrose Burnside in Virginia and North Carolina campaigns. 
He was also one of the senior military officers during the New York Draft Riots and, although narrowly escaping lynching at the hands of a mob, the injuries he sustained during the riots ended his military career and the effects from which would last throughout his life.
Biography.
Early life and military service.
Edward Jardine was born in Brooklyn to Charles Jardine, an Englishman of French decent, shortly after his parents arrived in the United States. He came from a poor background and, as a teenager, he worked at a hardware store and attended night school. At age 18, Jardine married Ophelia Kreemer with whom he would have two sons, Augustus E. and James R.D. Jardine. Jardine eventually became a successful hardware importer and served in the State National Guard prior to the start of the American Civil War. 
Enlisting in the Union Army in May 1861, he received a commission as an officer with the 9th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment, popularly known as "Hawkins' Zouaves", and later the IX Army Corps where he served under General Benjamin Butler at the Battle of Big Bethel and Hatteras Inlet expedition. In 1862, he accompanied the Army of the Potomac in General Ambrose Burnside's Roanoke expedition and took part in the Battles of Hatteras Inlet, Roanoke Island, South Mountain, Antietam and Fredericksburg. Twice wounded during the campaign, Jardine was promoted to the rank of major for "gallant conduct" and briefly commanded the 89th Infantry Regiment.
New York Draft Riots.
After his unit had been disbanded in early 1863, the two-year enlistment terms having expired, he and other former Union officers were in New York to recruit new members. At the time the New York Draft Riots broke out, Jardine held no formal command. He did, however, call upon former members of "Hawkins' Zouaves" as well as other regiments to help local officials to defend against the rioters. Only 200 or so men responded his plea, but Jardine took command of the small force and prepared to face the rioters. A veteran artillery officer, he also gave artillery support to several regiments. 
On July 15, Jardine and his men engaged the rioters at First Avenue and Nineteenth Street supporting Major Robinson and the Duryea's Zouaves with artillery fire from two howitzers. While the infantrymen engaged the rioters, Jardine ordered the guns to sweep the avenue but the mob scattered from the street by the time he gave the order to fire. Within a few minutes, they began taking fire from both sides of the street. Both artillery and sharpshooters returned fire, neither being effective. Despite being vastly outnumbered, he and his men attempted to disperse the mob but were instead pushed back leaving many soldiers dead and wounded on the streets before being forced to retreat. It was during this battle that Jardine was struck in the thigh by a piece of lead pipe fired from a cannon, which caused a compound fracture, an injury from which he would never fully recover.
He was rescued by local residents, two young women, who hid him and two others in the basement of their Second Avenue home. By the time the mob began searching homes and buildings for wounded soldiers, the two Duryea officers having escaped hours before, Jardine was able to escape notice by wearing civilian clothes. A second version claims that, upon the mob breaking into the house, the two officers were clubbed to death and that only the intervention of one of the rioters, a veteran of Hawkins' Zouaves, had recognized him that he persuaded the others to spare him. Jardine was taken to the home of a nearby surgeon where he remained for the rest of the riots.
Retirement and later years.
Jardine was later given command of the 17th Infantry Regiment, newly formed from the original 7th and 9th Regiments, but was turned over his command due to his injury and was eventually transferred to the Veteran Reserve Corps. He was awarded the rank of brevet Brigadier General upon his retirement and honorably discharged in May 1865. 
He was briefly involved in business interests on Wall Street with W.T. Pelton, nephew of noted political reformer Samuel J. Tilden, but left New York for New Jersey where he settled in Fort Lee along the Hudson River. From 1867 until 1869, Jardine was editor and publisher for the "Daily Times" in Jersey City. He was also active in local politics and ran for public office several times before becoming a clerk for the New Jersey state legislature in 1869. Involved in the Grand Army of the Republic, Jardine was elected provincial commander of its New Jersey chapter and, years later, became the commander of its New York chapter as well as its senior vice commander in chief.
During the next year, Jardine was personally appointed as a weigher to the New York U.S. Custom House by President Ulysses S. Grant. He would remain in this position for almost twenty years until poor health, due to his old injuries, forced him to retire. After several years as a widower, he married Katherine Clark in 1885. His health continued to decline as complications from his wounds becoming steadily worse in his old age and was bedridden for much of 1887. In March 1888, Jardine suffered an attack which caused him to be confined in the Hotel Pomeroy until his death. 
Funeral services were held at the Scottish Rite Hall at Madison Avenue and Twenty-Ninth Street the following afternoon. Reverend Clark Wright delivered the eulogy and members of the Chancellor Walworth Lodge of Masons, the George Washington Post of the Grand Army and Loyal Legion of Honor were in attendance.

</doc>
<doc id="19724686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724686" title="Alexis Gritchenko">
Alexis Gritchenko

Alexis Gritchenko (Ukrainian: Оле́кса Гри́щенко) (born in Krolevets, Northern Ukraine, April 2, 1883; died in Vence, France on January 28, 1977) was a Ukrainian painter and art theorist.
Biography.
Education and Early Career.
Gritchenko studied philology and biology at the universities of Kyiv, St Petersburg and Moscow before turning to art. He studied painting in Moscow and established close ties with the collectors Sergey Shchukin and Ivan Morozov. In 1911, he visited Paris where he became an enthusiast of modern art, especially Cubist painting. After a trip to Italy in 1913-14, he blended with his study of early Italian Renaissance painters, creating a style that brought together the cosmopolitan and urbane with the orthodoxy of the Byzantine legacy of sacred art. Gritchenko devoted his theoretical work to the subject of Byzantine art and its links with modern art, and to an analysis of the formal and stylistic properties of Byzantine painting in terms of modernist tendencies and practice. He published several books and articles, the most important of which were his studies on the icon in relation to Western art, and also took part in contemporary discussions on various aspects of modern art.
After the 1917 revolution, Gritchenko became a professor at the Free Art Studios (Svomas) in Moscow and a member of the Commission for the Preservation of Historic Monuments. In 1919, he was offered the directorship of the Tretyakov Gallery, but decided to leave Russia by way of Crimea to Constantinople, leaving all his paintings and other possessions behind in Moscow. This period marked a distinctive and inspired period of watercolour painting.
Emigration to France.
In 1921, Gritchenko arrived in Paris, and twelve of his paintings of Constantinople were included in the Salon d'Automne, and Fernand Léger placed them next to his own works. A subsequent trip to Greece resulted in an exhibit at the Byzantine Museum in Athens. The art dealer Paul Guillaume introduced him to Leopold Zborovsky, another well-known Paris dealer. Dr. Albert Barnes acquired seventeen Gritchenko's paintings for his collection, now The Barnes Foundation in Philadelphia.
After 1924, Gritchenko lived in southern France. Gritchenko made frequent trips to Spain, Portugal, England and Scandinavian countries, and the paintings he brought from those visits were exhibited in several leading Paris galleries, such as Maison Bing, Granoff, Druet, De l`Elysse, Weil, and Bernheim-Jeune. Salons, especially the Tuileries and d`Automne, also exhibited his work. After an exhibition of Gritchenko's art at the Maison Bing in 1926, Louis Vauxcelles wrote about him, saying, "the young Ukrainian colorist conquered Paris." In 1937, a one-man exhibition with Gritchenko's works was held at the Museum of Ukrainian Art in Lviv,then under Polish rule, where his first Ukrainian-French monograph appeared.
Legacy.
To preserve Gritchenko's artistic legacy, the Alexis Gritchenko Foundation was formed in New York in 1958. After the foundation was formed, Gritchenko held three more exhibits in New York and Philadelphia, the last in 1967 at the Peter Deitsch Gallery in New York. At the beginning of the sixties it was discovered that his paintings which had been in the collections of the Ukrainian Lviv Museum were destroyed as creations of "bourgeois formalism", together with works of Alexander Archipenko, Mikhail Boichuk and Heorhiy Narbut. This caused Gritchenko to bequeath a collection of seventy works including oils, watercolors and drawings, to the Alexis Gritchenko Foundation, with the provision that they be transferred some day to the museums of a free Ukraine. The foundation and the collection were held by the Ukrainian Institute of America (UIA)
On March 26, 2006, a ceremony was held to formally transfer the Gritchenko Foundation collection to the National Art Museum of Ukraine. In addition to the 70 works of art, books, catalogues, handwritten notes and memoirs, and other archival material were included.
Today, Gritchenko's art work can be found in various museum and private collections, more than three hundred of them in the United States and Canada.
Bibliography.
René-Jean et Paul Fierens, "Alexis Gritchenko", Paris, Les Quatre Vents, 1948

</doc>
<doc id="19724700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724700" title="Chapayevka, Azerbaijan">
Chapayevka, Azerbaijan

Chapayevka, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19724731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724731" title="Tafiré">
Tafiré

Tafiré is a town and commune of the Katiola department in the Vallée du Bandama region of Côte d'Ivoire. It is served by a station on the nation railway system.

</doc>
<doc id="19724732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724732" title="National Accreditation and Assessment Council">
National Accreditation and Assessment Council

National Accreditation and Assessment Council (NAAC) is an autonomous body established by the University Grants Commission (India) (UGC) of India to assess and accredit institutions of higher education in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19724751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724751" title="Aleksandr Lipko">
Aleksandr Lipko

Aleksandr Valeryevich Lipko () (born August 18, 1975) is a retired Russian footballer. Currently, he is a head scout for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod.

</doc>
<doc id="19724758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724758" title="Beulah Speckled Face">
Beulah Speckled Face

The Beulah Speckled Face is a breed of domestic sheep originating in United Kingdom. Having been bred in Wales for more than a hundred years, a breed society was officially formed in 1958. This breed is most common in Eppynt, Llanafan, Abergwesyn and Llanwrtyd Wells, it is named for its distinctly patterned black and white face, which is free from wool. Ewes, which are naturally polled, are often crossed with lowland rams such as the Suffolk, Texel or Bluefaced Leicester to breed mules, and to produce market lambs for meat. Average Beulah Speckled Face ewes weigh , and rams . 

</doc>
<doc id="19724786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724786" title="Charlotte Blair Parker">
Charlotte Blair Parker

Charlotte Blair Parker (1858 - January 5, 1937) was a noted playwright and aspiring actress in the late 19th and early 20th Centuries. She began her theatrical career as an actress, eventually playing opposite John Edward McCullough, Mary Anderson, and Dion Boucicault. Writing under the pen name Lottie Blair Parker, she wrote about a dozen produced plays but is remembered most for three popular stage plays produced between 1897 and 1906: Way Down East, Under Southern Skies and The Redemption of David Corson. Of the three, Way Down East, produced in 1898, was the most successful, proving to be one of the most popular American plays of its time, steadily performed for two decades
Early years.
Born 1858, in Oswego, New York, Charlotte Blair Parker was the daughter of George and Emily Hitchcock Blair. She married Harry D. Parker. Charlotte Blair Parker died January 5, 1937, in Great Neck, New York.
Career.
Charlotte "Lottie" Blair Parker's theatrical career started as an actress, studying for the stage under the noted Shakespearian actor, Wyzeman Marshall in Boston. She performed with the stock company of the Boston Theatre, and later toured with such major figures as the Czech tragic actress Mme. Janauschek and American actor-producer of poetic drama Lawrence Barrett. Parker married a theatrical manager. She turned to playwriting when White Roses, a one-act play she submitted to a New York Herald contest in 1892, received honorable mention.
Way Down East.
In 1897, at the age of 39, Parker penned her most popular full-length play, titled "Way Down East." It was a sentimental melodrama about the travails of a seduced woman, Anna Moore, who is cast out by those who learn her story. After being seduced and losing the child of that liaison, Anna Moore ( Phoebe Davies) wanders despondently until she finds refuge as a servant in the New England farm of Squire Bartlett (played by Odell Williams). Ignorant of her past, the Bartletts embrace her as part of their household. But when Squire Bartlett learns her history he drives her from his home in the midst of a raging snowstorm. Anna loses her way and nearly dies before she is rescued by the Bartletts' son, David (played by Howard Kyle). He has come to love her and finally persuades his parents that she is worthy to be his wife. Way Down East premiered at the Manhattan Theatre in 1898 where it enjoyed 152 performances. It was later revised by Joseph R. Grismer, whose wife, Phoebe Davis, played the leading role of Anna Moore in the original production and in later revivals in 1903 and 1905. Davis would go on to play the role for more than 4,000 performances. 
In 1920 D. W. Griffith paid $175,000 for screen rights to the melodrama, which was by then considered dated. His film version was a popular success and an artistic triumph, largely because of the sweetly expressive face of Lillian Gish. 
Way Down East (1898), a play by Lottie Blair Parker, revised by Joseph R. Grismer. Theatre, 152 perf. Although the William A. Brady–Florenz Ziegfeld production was little more than a compilation of settings and motifs popular in melodrama of the period, it was praised for its restraint and honesty. The play became one of the greatest successes of the American stage and held the boards for nearly two decades. Davies, who was Mrs. Grismer in private life, played the role over four thousand times. Lottie Blair PARKER (1868–1937) was born in Oswego, New York, and began her theatrical career as an actress, eventually playing opposite John McCullough, Mary Anderson, and Dion Boucicault. She wrote about a dozen produced plays, including White Roses (1892) and Under Southern Skies (1901), but none was as popular as Way Down East.
Critics saw a strong resemblance between Way Down East and Steele MacKaye's 1880 melodrama Hazel Kirke, in which Parker had once played the title role. Both plays feature an innocent girl who loves a man above her station in life and is duped by a sham marriage ceremony. Upon her learning of her dishonor, Hazel Kirke throws herself into the mill race. In Way Down East, Anna Moore is sent out into a New England blizzard. In both plays, the heroine is rescued at the last minute and a reconciliation is effected. The originality of Parker's treatment lies in her use of "Down East" atmosphere and such comic characters as Hi Holler, Martha Perkins, and Reuben Whipple.
Under Southern Skies.
Under Southern Skies was set in Louisiana in 1875. It opened November 12, 1901, with Grace George in the leading role. True to its reviewer's prediction, the play was a popular success with "that large class of playgoers who like their color on thick without too much delicacy of shading, and with no great subtlety in the handling." This criticism was intended metaphorically, but it might also be noted that several roles were performed in black-face. As in Way Down East, the heroine is caught between a false-hearted cad and an honorable young suitor; again, virtue triumphs.
The Redemption of David Corson.
Parker's third full-length play to reach Broadway was The Redemption of David Corson, based upon a novel of the same title by Charles Frederic Goss. It premiered January 8, 1906 but had a short life of only 16 performances. In 1909, Parker focused on the New England village milieu, Yankee characters, and rustic dialect, when she turned the novel "Homespun: A Story of Some New England Folk", into a stage play. She used the formula of her stage melodramas—a conflict between a rich scoundrel and a poor-but-honest young man. A review of Homespun in the New York Times (14 Aug. 1909) sums up her characteristic manner: "It is as moral as a Sunday school tale, and at the end pleases if not surprises the reader by the tableau of virtue triumphant and vice in the dust." 
References.
Though none of Charlotte Blair Parker's plays were published, the New York Public Library has Way Down East and Under Southern Skies in typescript.

</doc>
<doc id="19724792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724792" title="Cercophonius squama">
Cercophonius squama

Cercophonius squama, commonly known as the forest scorpion or wood scorpion, is a scorpion native to southeastern Australia. It is typically around 25–40 mm long. Its colour consists of different shades of brown.
Description.
The body is creamy yellow to orange brown with dark brown variegations. The legs are yellow with some dark brown pigment.
Distribution and habitat.
"C. squama" is found in South Australia, Victoria, New South Wales, the ACT and Tasmania. It is the only scorpion found in Tasmania.
Behaviour.
Breeding.
Insemination occurs before winter and birth typically occurs during summer. Females give birth to 20-30 live young over a period of several hours. The young are white and soft-bodied at birth. Females have been observed selectively eating some of the young but the trigger is not known. It takes approximately two weeks for the exoskeleton to completely form for newborns.

</doc>
<doc id="19724793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724793" title="Chihuahua (Mexico)">
Chihuahua (Mexico)

Chihuahua (Mexico) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19724796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724796" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 26">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 26

The 26th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Chester County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19724809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724809" title="Dixie League (American football)">
Dixie League (American football)

The Dixie League was a professional American football league founded in 1936 as the South Atlantic Football Association, with six charter member teams in Maryland, Virginia, and Washington, D. C.. Like the American Association (another minor league that formed in 1936), its popularity (and attendance) rivaled that of the established National Football League. Unlike most minor professional football leagues, the Dixie League had a relative stability in membership in the years prior to World War II, maintaining a five- or six-team lineup (and adding a team in North Carolina upon the demise of the Washington team in 1941).
Like the AA and the second American Football League, the Dixie League suspended operations after the Pearl Harbor attack; unlike the AFL, the minor league reorganized after the end of the war and resumed competition in 1946. The following year, the DL collapsed when one of its member teams purchased the assets of a defunct team in the American Association (which changed "its" name to the American Football League)… and opted to jump leagues.
Origin.
The Dixie League began its existence in 1936 when six independent teams joined forces for the purposes of competition. Charter members included the Maryland Athletic Club (which moved to Washington in 1936 to become the Washington Pros), Baltimore Orioles (no relation to the major league baseball team), Norfolk Clancys, Richmond Arrows, Portsmouth Cubs, and the Alexandria Celtics (the last a traveling team). Charles Hamilton became the new league's first president.
Although the new league officially called itself the South Atlantic Football League in its first year of existence, various sportswriters repeatedly called it the "Dixie League." The name was officially adopted for the 1937 season.
1936.
Like the New York Yankees of the first American Football League, the Richmond Arrows provided the financial backbone of the Dixie League in its first year, averaging twice as many paying spectators per home game as the other league members. The Arrows played all their games at home, offering the visiting teams a five percent bonus for the privilege. On November 15, 1936, Richmond's coach (Dave Miller) and players walked off the team in an effort for more pay. Richmond manager Blair Meaney, Jr. hired a new head coach (Bob Burdette) and new players (to join the five who didn’t strike) to finish the season.
Baltimore’s Ted Wright led the scoring, while the Orioles also featured the league's top passer, Leroy "Sunshine" Campbell. Until the player strike, back Mush DeLotto provided an explosive running game for the Richmond Arrows.
Playoffs: Washington defeated Richmond; Baltimore defeated Alexandria
Championship: Washington beat Baltimore, 3-0, on a Willis Brenner field goal with 13 seconds left in regulation.
Fourth-place Portsmouth declined to participate in the playoffs, opting for a game against nearby rival Norfolk. Despite finishing in last place, Alexandria took Portsmouth’s place against Baltimore.
In the first game of a series between the DL champion and the winners of the American Association, the Washington Pros (Dixie League) defeated the Brooklyn Bay Parkways (American Association) 13-6 in Richmond, Virginia, January 1, 1937. While there would be more exhibition games involving members of the two leagues, this was the last time that an American Association team lost to a team in the Dixie League on the gridiron.
1937.
Compared to most sporting leagues in their beginning years, the Dixie League had begun strongly. All six charter members were in strong enough shape to compete in a second season (three of the six remained DL members from the 1936 beginning to the aborted 1947 season).
Richmond was still recovering from the effects of the player rebellion when the strikers formed a new team, the Richmond Rebels, and tried to replace the Arrows in the league. After being rebuffed, the Rebels tried to compete against the Arrows by forming the Virginia-Carolina Football League with a handful of semi-pro teams… and then marched through the season undefeated and giving up no points. The VCFL lasted only the 1937 season; the Rebels folded along with the league.
Despite the competition from the Rebels, the Arrows held their own, both on the field and at the turnstiles. Despite their improved record, the Arrows could finish no higher than third place, behind the undefeated defending champion Washington (which became the Presidents) and the newly rechristened Baltimore Blue Birds.
Championship: no playoffs – Washington clinches title on 3-3 tie with Baltimore
While the league featured balance from top to bottom in its maiden season, it clearly divided into the "haves" and "have nots" in 1937. Five members of the Washington Presidents (including backfield mates Tom Oliver and Gene Augusterfer) were named to the all league team. Baltimore's Ted Wright was once again the league's leading scorer while teammate "Sunshine" Campbell dented defenses with his passes. Richmond placed three linemen on the all league team, including league most valuable player Lyle Graham. The winless Portsmouth team had a future member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame on its roster, player-coach Ace Parker, who played in only one game for the Cubs before he signed with the NFL's Brooklyn Dodgers in early November.
1938.
After two years of stability, the Dixie League made some adjustments in 1938. William Nickels, Jr. became the league's second president, replacing Charles Hamilton. The DL was forced to play with only five teams after the folding of the Baltimore Blue Birds, and the Washington Patriots became a traveling team (having been upstaged by the Washington Redskins' entry into the market the year before).
A. E. Stutz, the founder and owner of the Norfolk Clancys, died in late 1937; in 1938, new owner Harry Howren started stockpiling talent (including back Mush DeLotto, formerly of Richmond) sufficient enough for the newly renamed Shamrocks to dominate league play that year. Another Shamrock player, tackle Vernon "Buck" Miles, was named the league's most valuable player at the end of the season.
Portsmouth, winless in 1937, reached .500 in 1938 as quarterback Larry Weldon led the league in scoring.
No playoffs: Norfolk was declared league champions
After the season, Norfolk was defeated, 16-14, by the Hazelton Redskins, champions of the Eastern Pennsylvania Football League. Two members of the 1937 Baltimore Blue Birds ("Sunshine" Campbell and Johnny Spirida) provided the difference in the game, with Campbell throwing two touchdown passes and Spirida scoring ten points in the game.
1939.
The number of traveling teams in the Dixie League was halved with the folding of the Alexandria Celtics. The number of league members stayed at five with the entrance of the Newport News Builders, which actually played its home games in nearby Hampton.
“Buck” Miles became the league MVP as he repeated his feat of scoring the most points in the Dixie League. His Cubs finished the season in a tie for the league lead with the Richmond Arrows (the Cubs had a 6-1 record, the Arrows 6-1-1). For the last game, the Cubs added Ace Parker (after he finished an All-Pro season with the NFL Dodgers). He scored the only touchdown in a 7-0 Cubs victory over Newport News Builders to force a playoff with the Richmond Arrows for the league championship (in which Parker scores the only touchdown in a Cubs 7-0 win).
Playoff: Portsmouth 7, Richmond 0 – Portsmouth wins league championship
1940.
With the addition of the Roanoke Travelers, the Dixie League returned to having six teams for the 1940 season. While the team made a successful debut, finishing in second place, the Travelers had the misfortune of having almost half of its season cancelled as a result of bad weather.
Two early losses deprived Richmond of a chance for competing for the league title (which was easily won by Portsmouth), but the Arrows entertained the fans by being the first DL team to average more than two touchdowns a game. "Sunshine" Campbell, returning to the Dixie League after playing in the American Association and the EPFL, provided the passes, and A. B. Conner became the MVP of the Dixie League by scoring 49 points.
Portsmouth’s Larry Weldon set a new league record by throwing seven touchdown passes in the span of ten games. Over a span of 20 games in 1939 and 1940, Weldon and the Cubs managed to win 16 games, lose two, and tie two games (a .889 winning percentage) – and win two league titles.
Washington struggled through its third consecutive season as a traveling team… and left the league after the end of the 1940 season.
No playoffs: Portsmouth declared league champions for the second straight year.
1941.
For the first time, the Dixie League had six teams, all of them with actual home fields, with the Charlotte Clippers replacing Washington. As the United States started preparing for a war that appeared to be inevitable in the fall of 1941, the league benefited from the addition of military personnel from bases in the region.
Playing for the Newport News Builders, two such newcomers broke passing and scoring records that were established just the previous year. George Cafego had eight of his passes go for touchdowns, while Ken Fryer scored 61 points, more than any minor league player in a single season before the entry of the US into World War II. Despite the records on offense, the Builders finished the 1941 season in third place.
Charlotte had a successful freshman season in the Dixie League, scoring 184 points, roughly 30 more than Newport News and Norfolk… and the previous record set in 1940 by Richmond. The Clippers finished second to Norfolk, whose star back Pete Sachon was billed as "Pistol Pete" three decades before Pete Maravich. "Pistol Pete" Sachon was selected the DL most valuable player for 1941. 
No playoffs: Norfolk declared league champion
1942-1946.
Like two other professional football leagues – the American Association and the third American Football League – the Dixie League suspended its operations in early 1942 in the wake of the Pearl Harbor attack and the US entry into World War II. Norfolk Shamrocks owner Harry Howren disagreed with the decision of the league and opted to form the Virginia Football League for the 1942 season with DL members Portsmouth, Newport News, and Richmond. The plans were short-lived as Newport News failed to field a team and the other three teams played few games before competition was cancelled due to lack of spectator interest.
The league stayed in limbo until 1946. As American troops returned to the United States after the end of World War II, the owners of the Dixie League member teams, led by Howren, announced plans for "reorganizing" the league. With the exception of Roanoke (which was replaced by a team from Greensboro), the Dixie League of 1946 resembled the DL of five years earlier, although a couple of members (Richmond and Portsmouth) opted for changes in the team name. William Nickels, Jr. continued as the league president.
While the league opted to maintain continuity on the playing field, the Dixie League joined forces with the American Association (which changed its name in 1946 to the American Football League) and the Pacific Coast Professional Football League. On March 24, 1946, PCPFL president J. Rufus Klawans announced the "big three" minor leagues had formed the Association of Professional Football Leagues. The APFL entered into a working compact with the NFL, prohibiting the participation of players signed to "outlaw leagues" (originally directed toward the third AFL – which never returned from "its" limbo – but was subsequently applied to the newly formed All-America Football Conference). The Association lasted less than two years.
1946.
The new working relationship the "big three" minor leagues and the NFL reaped positive benefits for the Dixie League as the DL teams lined up "sponsors" in the major league. While both Dixie League and AFL teams acted as "farm teams" for their "sponsors," rules were in place to prevent the stockpiling of talent for later use by the NFL. As a result, the major league teams were not permitted to "raid" their minor league brethren, and the quality of play, and the players, was a step up compared to before World War II.
In addition to the new Greensboro franchise, the Dixie League of 1946 had two charter members change their names. The former Portsmouth Cubs became the Portsmouth Pirates, while the former Richmond Arrows adopted a familiar name: the Richmond Rebels.
The 1946 Dixie League campaign featured a tight race between two teams with potent offenses, the Charlotte Clippers (with backs Casey Jones and Butch Butler) and Richmond (with backs Glenn Knox and Tony Gallovich). League records for offense fell as Butler threw 11 touchdown passes and Richmond's Morgan Tiller had eight touchdown receptions. The two teams were even in their battle for the league title until the Rebels lost their final two games.
The Dixie League had a successful revival in 1946. No one could have foreseen its sudden demise a mere one year later.
No playoffs: Charlotte declared Dixie League champions
1947 and the demise of the Dixie League.
After a successful revival in 1946, the Dixie League prepared for a season of change in 1947. It inaugurated a new president, Tom Hanes. The Greensboro Patriots moved to Winston-Salem, while the Roanoke Travelers returned to the fold, replacing the defunct Newport News franchise. Plans for possible expansion were being made for the 1948 season.
The optimism of the league started to disappear just before the first week of competition. Both Winston-Salem and Roanoke withdrew, leaving the Dixie League with a mere four teams. The week after the opening day (October 5) games, the league itself disappeared.
On October 7, control of the Portsmouth Pirates was transferred from an ailing Charles Aberson to a group based in Charlottesville, with the agreement that the team would revert to Aberson in 1948. The next day, the league was blindsided by the announcement that longtime DL member Richmond purchased the assets of a defunct American Football League franchise (the Long Island Indians, which lost all three games they played that season) and defected to the other minor league.
The move inflicted a fatal wound to the Dixie League. A month earlier, the DL had six members ready for competition; after the Richmond defection, only three teams remained. The league was forced to call it quits. While there were discussions of a possible reorganization for 1948, the Dixie League was no longer a viable entity. The Charlotte Clippers continued through 1949 as an independent team, while members of the Portsmouth Pirates and Norfolk Shamrocks combined forces to test the waters of independence in 1948. 
The Richmond Rebels, Dixie League charter members like Portsmouth and Norfolk, continued their participation in the American Football League until the league had "its" implosion in 1950 (the Rebels won the last two AFL championships, in 1949 and 1950). The team petitioned to join the All-America Football Conference for the 1950 season, but the major league’s merger with the National Football League thwarted the club’s intentions.

</doc>
<doc id="19724811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724811" title="Royce Pollard">
Royce Pollard

Royce Pollard (b. 1939) was the six-term mayor of Vancouver, Washington, the fourth largest city in Washington state. After a career as a U.S. Army officer ending in the late 1980s, he served a seven-year stint on the City Council. He was first elected mayor in the mid-1990s, and stepped down as mayor in January 2010, after losing a reelection race to Tim Leavitt.
Early history.
A native of Burlington, Vermont, Pollard served in the U.S. Army beginning in 1961, including deployment during the Vietnam War; he is a member of the American Legion and the Vietnam Veterans of America. His final post was as Commander of the Vancouver Barracks, from which he retired in 1988. Subsequently, the Pollard family settled in Vancouver and he was elected to the City Council a year later in 1989. Pollard is married, and has two sons.
As mayor.
After serving for seven years on the City Council, Pollard was first elected mayor in January 1996. He then served consecutive terms as mayor until 2010. Cumulatively, he held public office in the city for around 20 years, shaping much of its development in the late 20th and early 21st centuries. His most notable exploits have been a major revival of Vancouver's once-dilapidated downtown core, shepherding the city's growth by 100,000 residents, and championing a controversial project to replace the Interstate Bridge and expand the MAX Light Rail system into Clark County. In addition to mass transit, Pollard has long supported green modes of transportation such as walking and biking. 
Throughout his tenure, Mayor Pollard was a promoter of the moniker of "America's Vancouver" for the city, in order to differentiate it from the larger but younger city of Vancouver, British Columbia. The mayor was also a staunch defender of Vancouver's independence from nearby Portland, Oregon. In a highly publicized gesture in 2005, he purchased and destroyed coffee mugs with Portland logos at Vancouver Starbucks after the company failed to remove them from stores.
Post-mayoral life.
In April 2010 Pollard was named First Citizen of Clark County for the year, an award given out since 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19724898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724898" title="Christian August Friedrich Garcke">
Christian August Friedrich Garcke

Christian August Friedrich Garcke (October 25, 1819 - January 10, 1904) was a German botanist who was a native of Bräunrode, Saxony-Anhalt.
He studied theology in Halle, obtaining his doctorate at the University of Jena in 1844. Afterwards he was a private scholar of botanical studies in Halle, relocating to Berlin in 1851, where he worked with botanist Alexander Braun (1805-1877). In 1865 he was appointed curator at the "Königlichen Herbarium" (later "Königlich botanisches Museum") in Berlin, and in 1871 became an associate professor specializing in pharmacognosy.
He was author of the popular "Flora von Nord- und Mitteldeutschland" (Flora of North and Central Germany), which was published over numerous editions (first edition- 1849). Another significant work was the two-volume "Flora von Halle" (1848 & 1856). From 1867 to 1882 he was editor of the journal "Linnæa".
A number of botanical species bear his name; as an example, "Thespesia garckeana".

</doc>
<doc id="19724901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724901" title="List of Saint Joseph's University buildings">
List of Saint Joseph's University buildings

The following is a list of the buildings on the campus of Saint Joseph's University, Hawk Hill, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19724903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724903" title="That Don't Make Me a Bad Guy">
That Don't Make Me a Bad Guy

"That Don't Make Me a Bad Guy" is the twelfth studio album from American country music artist Toby Keith. The album was released October 28, 2008 (see 2008 in country music) on Show Dog Nashville, Keith's own label, and was produced by Keith himself. He wrote or co-wrote all the songs on this album, collaborating with Bobby Pinson on all but three. Lead-off single "She Never Cried in Front of Me" became a number one hit for Keith on the "Billboard" country charts in late October 2008, as did "God Love Her", the second single, in March 2009. A third single, "Lost You Anyway", was released on March 16, 2009. The album was certified Gold in December 2008.
Track listing.
All songs written by Toby Keith and Bobby Pinson except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19724914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724914" title="Cavallero House">
Cavallero House

The Cavallero House is a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama. It was built in 1835 in the Federal style, a cast iron gallery was added in the mid-19th century. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 07, 1982. In addition to be individually listed in the National Register, the house is also a contributing building to the Lower Dauphin Street Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="19724917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724917" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 27">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 27

The 27th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19724930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724930" title="Sergei Skoblyakov">
Sergei Skoblyakov

Sergei Leonidovich Skoblyakov () (born January 2, 1977) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FK Khimki. He spent his playing career at FC Tom Tomsk for about 10 years.
His brother Dmitri Skoblyakov was also a professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19724958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724958" title="King's Ransom (novel)">
King's Ransom (novel)

"King's Ransom: An 87th Precinct Mystery" is a novel by Ed McBain (Evan Hunter) published in 1959.
The Japanese movie "High and Low" (1963) directed by Akira Kurosawa, is loosely based on this novel.

</doc>
<doc id="19724968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724968" title="Satta Massagana">
Satta Massagana

Satta Massagana is a roots reggae album released by The Abyssinians officially in 1976. It is widely considered The Abyssinians' crowning achievement and a classic roots reggae album.
The title track "Satta Massagana" was a huge hit and has been versioned numerous times by both The Abyssinians and other artists since. It has even been adopted by some Rastafarian groups as a hymn used during services. The song, which translates from the Amharic language as "He Gave Praise", was originally recorded for Studio One in 1969, but the label's owner, Clement "Coxsone" Dodd declined to release it.
Release history.
The Abyssinians debut album has had a very complex release history. The first unofficial editions, very limited in quantity, were released by Clive Hunt in 1975. The first official release occurred in Jamaica in 1976 on Pentrate Label, issued by Clive Hunt and Geoffrey Chung, and shortly after in the United States on Jam Sounds.
The following years, 1977 and 1978, saw the album released by three labels under the title "Forward On To Zion". The album was released in the United Kingdom on the UK Klik Chart Sounds and Different labels, as well as on Bernard Collins' own Clinch label. Similarly, Clive Hunt's US-based Azul label released the album under the title "Satta". A note on track-listings: the Klik & Different releases reverted to the original tracklisting of the limited pre-release editions which placed the title track as the final track, furthermore, the Azul edition renamed some tracks and did not include "African Race".
The album would see numerous re-releases over the next decade, including in 1988 by Clinch and in 1989 by the Blue Moon label.
In 1993 the album was released on compact disc for the first time by Heartbeat Records. This edition included four previously unreleased bonus tracks. And once again in 2007 as a deluxe edition which included four additional bonus tracks.
The title track off the album 'Satta Massagana' was covered by Ethiopian dub outfit Dub Colossus in 2011 and released on Real World Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19724982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724982" title="Dholpur Military School">
Dholpur Military School

Dholpur Military School is one of the five military schools of India. It is situated in Dholpur in Rajasthan and was established in 1962.
The school is housed in Kesarbagh palace, the mansion of the former ruler of the erstwhile Dholpur State. It is away from Dholpur City on the Dholpur-Bari Road. Dholpur is situated between Agra and Gwalior and is away from Delhi.
The school is affiliated to CBSE. It is an English medium boarding school coming under the Ministry Of Defence. It has three head of institutes - the Principal, the Administrative Officer and MIE (Master in charge Education). The school educates pupils from class 6th to 12th with the aim to train and prepare the cadets for NDA. Cadets in class 12th are given special responsibility such has school captain and house captain.
Academic campus.
The school buildings are located on two adjacent hills, the one on Kesarbagh is the Academic Building, and the hostel and residences are located on the hill some times referred as new campus.
The school houses a library. Besides the Academic block the Kesarbagh Fort houses a Post Office, Police Chowki, swimming pool, golf course, tennis court and craft room. 
There are six hostels - Nalanda, Jagan, Shivaji (old name Vikram), Udaibhan, Chittor and Ujjain. Along with hostels the new campus has the Principal's residence, cadet's mess, Vivekanand Hall, VIP guest house, guest house, cafeteria, CSD canteen, MI Room, staff residence, Temple, basketball courts, lawn tennis courts, gymnasium, boxing ring, obstacles. Stairs from the new campus lead to play grounds for daily games activities. There are three lakes around the campus - India Lake, Pakistan Lake and Duck Lake (getting their name due to their physical shape). 
NCC is a part of cadet activities and there are hobby clubs catering to cadet's interest. 
A typical day in a cadet's life starts at 0500 hrs with PT, followed by breakfast, assembly, classes at Kesarbagh Fort (with tea break at 1115 hrs) till 1300 hrs, then lunch at cadet's mess, noon prep, evening games, wash and change, evening prep, dinner at 2000 hrs and after dinner prep until lights out at 2200 hrs. 
Every hostel has two floors, with Junior Dorm, Middle dorm and Box Room on the first floor and Senior dorm in one side and Preparation Room, Recreation Room and warden office on the other. A house is under command of a House Captain. School is commanded by a School Captain, School Adjutant, a CCA Captain and a Sports Captain. 
For the Janamasthami festival cadets hunt through the night to collect flowers from campus and decorate their temples throughout the day which are visited by everyone in the evening. 
School Annual Day is held in December when a cultural programme is held in honour of the chief guest (usually a Senior and Decorated Army Officer) who distributes prizes for achievement in academics, co-curricular and sport.
Distinguished Alumni.
The school has produced numerous Generals (Lt Gen and Maj Gen), Brigadiers and thousands of Colonels and Lt Colonels along with Governors, Ministers, Civil servants, Actors and Business Tycoons.

</doc>
<doc id="19724997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19724997" title="Robert B. Kamm">
Robert B. Kamm

Robert B. Kamm (January 22, 1919 – October 10, 2008) served as the 13th president of Oklahoma State University–Stillwater from July 1, 1966 to January 31, 1977. He was the unsuccessful Republican nominee for the United States Senate in 1978, losing to Democratic nominee and then-Governor David L. Boren.
Education.
Born in West Union, Iowa, Kamm graduated from the University of Northern Iowa in 1940 with a bachelor's degree in English and theater arts. He later attended the University of Minnesota to receive his master's in 1946 and Ph.D. in 1948, both in counseling and higher education. 
Employment.
As a U.S. Navy serviceman, Kamm worked at Oklahoma A&M College for three months as part of a radar study. He then moved to the Drake University, where he served as dean of students, and later to the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas, where he was a student personnel dean and freshman dean.
Kamm returned to Oklahoma State in 1958 to be named the dean of the College of Arts and Sciences. He was promoted to vice president for academic affairs in 1965.
He died in Okmulgee, Oklahoma on October 10, 2008.
Awards.
In 1988, Stamm received the Henry G. Bennett Distinguished Service Award for outstanding citizenship and leadership, Oklahoma State's highest honor. He was inducted into three hall of fames, including the Oklahoma Hall of Fame (1972), the Oklahoma Educators Hall of Fame (1987), and the College of Education Hall of Fame (2000). 

</doc>
<doc id="19725009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725009" title="Arnica discoidea">
Arnica discoidea

Arnica discoidea is a species of arnica known by the common name rayless arnica. It is native to the woodlands, forests, and chaparral of the western United States. 
This is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing a hairy, glandular stem 20 to 60 centimeters tall. There are several pairs of toothed oval to spade-shaped leaves on long petioles around the lower half of the stem. The inflorescence contains a few to many flower heads which are coated with glandular hairs. Each head contains only disc florets, but some of the florets around the edge can be expanded and resemble ray florets, making identification of the plant by its flower difficult. 
The fruit is an achene about 7 millimeters long, not counting its light-colored pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19725013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725013" title="Rasmus Mogensen">
Rasmus Mogensen

Rasmus Mogensen (born 1974 in Copenhagen) is a Danish photographer, primarily known for his beauty and fashion photography. He is the grandson of Danish furniture designer Børge Mogensen.
Biography.
Mogensen had his first independent photo exhibition at age 17 at the Gallery Photografica in Copenhagen. He began his career as a professional photographer working as a photo assistant in Copenhagen and New York, and is now based in Paris.
He has shot for various international fashion magazines and made numerous worldwide fashion and beauty advertising campaigns.
An advertising campaign Mogensen was involved in for JBS Underwear won a gold medal in the "Press, Poster and Techniques" category at the 2007 Epica Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19725018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725018" title="Dmitri Tarasov (footballer)">
Dmitri Tarasov (footballer)

Dmitri Alekseyevich Tarasov () (born March 18, 1987) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Lokomotiv Moscow.
Career.
Tarasov began his career at FC Spartak Moscow, then joined FC Tom Tomsk. On 2 February 2009, FC Moscow signed the attacking midfielder on a free transfer. On 28 December 2009, Lokomotiv announced his signing.<br>
During Lokomotiv period of his career, Tarasov established himself as holding midfielder. His authority as a starting XI player was confirmed during winter mid-season 2012-13 when he was named vice-captain. On 20 April 2013, Tarasov took captain's armband for the first time in away game versus FC Kuban Krasnodar (0-0). Later Tarasov won monthly polls among Loko fans in the social networks for best player of the month in April 2013 and September 2013.
International.
Tarasov was a member of the Russian Under 21 national team. In October 2009, he was called up to the Russia national football team for the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Azerbaijan. He was called up again by Fabio Capello to the national team for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Portugal and against Azerbaijan in October 2012. He made his debut for the national team on 15 November 2013 in a friendly game against Serbia. He scored his first national team goal on 19 November 2013 in a friendly against South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19725024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725024" title="Dmitri Tarasov">
Dmitri Tarasov

Dmitri Tarasov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19725029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725029" title="USS Yacal (YFB-688)">
USS Yacal (YFB-688)

USS "Yacal" (YFB-688) was a small ferry that served in the United States Navy from 1932 to 1942.
"Yacal" was constructed in the Philippine Islands by the Cavite Navy Yard. She was launched on 15 September 1932, and completed on 11 November 1932. She was constructed principally of yacal wood and burned coal for fuel.
"Yacal" performed yard duties at Cavite Navy Yard for almost a decade. Japanese forces invaded the Philippines in December 1941 and "Yacal" met her end on 2 January 1942. Records do not indicate whether she was destroyed by her own forces to prevent capture or by the Japanese. In any event, she was struck from the Navy List on 24 July 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19725050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725050" title="Yacal">
Yacal

Yacal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19725090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725090" title="Cold">
Cold

Cold refers to the condition or subjective perception of having low temperature, the opposite of hot.
A lower bound to temperature is the absolute zero, defined as 0 K on the Kelvin scale, an absolute thermodynamic temperature scale. This corresponds to −273.15 °C on the Celsius scale, −459.67 °F on the Fahrenheit scale, and 0 °R on the Rankine scale.
Since temperature relates to the thermal energy held by an object or a sample of matter, which is the kinetic energy of the random motion of the particle constituents of matter, an object will have less thermal energy when it is colder and more when it is hotter. If it were possible to cool a system to absolute zero, all motion of the particles in a sample of matter would cease and they would be at complete rest in this "classical" sense. The object would be described as having zero thermal energy. Microscopically in the description of quantum mechanics, however, matter still has zero-point energy even at absolute zero, because of the uncertainty principle.
Cooling.
Cooling refers to the process of becoming cold, or lowering in temperature. This could be accomplished by removing heat from a system, or exposing the system to an environment with a lower temperature.
Fluids used to cool objects are commonly called coolants.
Air cooling is the process of cooling an object by exposing it to air. This will only work if the air is at a lower temperature than the object, and the process can be enhanced by increasing the surface area or decreasing the mass of the object.
Another common method of cooling is exposing an object to ice, dry ice, or liquid nitrogen. This works by convection; the heat is transferred from the relatively warm object to the relatively cold coolant.
Laser cooling and Magnetic evaporative cooling are techniques used to reach very low temperatures.

</doc>
<doc id="19725100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725100" title="David Orbansky">
David Orbansky

David Orbansky or 'Urbansky' was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War. He earned the Medal of Honor for his gallantry in action against enemy Confederate forces in the Battle of Shiloh, Tennessee, in 1862 and again at the Siege of Vicksburg, Mississippi, in 1863, as well as other actions.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:
Gallantry in actions.

</doc>
<doc id="19725144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725144" title="Lost Tunes">
Lost Tunes

Lost Tunes is an EP from British indie band Delays, released in October 2008 via MP3 download store Losttunes.com. It features their treatment of numbers recorded by Nico, Creedence Clearwater Revival, The House of Love, and The Go-Go's, as well as an alternate effort at their own "Keep It Simple".

</doc>
<doc id="19725150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725150" title="Sergo Goglidze">
Sergo Goglidze

Sergo Goglidze (1901 – December 23, 1953) was a Georgian Soviet NKVD official.
Biography.
Born in Korta, a village near Kutaisi, Serghei (Sergo) Arsenievici (Artenievici) Goglidze joined the Cheka in 1921. He served with GPU-NKVD border troops, rising through the ranks. In 1934 he was appointed People's Commissar of Internal Affairs of the Transcaucasian SFSR, and, from 1937, of the Georgian SSR. Goglidze was a close associate and friend of Lavrentiy Beria, who promoted Goglidze to these high-level positions.
In 1941, he was appointed Plenipotentiary of the People's Commissar's Council in Moldavia (Romanian territory, occupied by Soviet Union following the ultimatum of June 26, 1940, itself a direct consequence of the Ribbentrop-Molotov pact), and was put in charge of a major deportation. In July 1941, after the start of the war, he was moved to Khabarovsk, working as a chief of the Soviet security apparatus in the Far East.
In 1951, he was moved to the headquarthers of the MGB in Moscow, serving as a Deputy Minister of State Security. Goglidze was in charge of the investigation of the Doctors' Plot.
In 1953, after the death of Stalin and downfall of Beria, he was arrested and shot (in Moscow, on December 23, 1953) together with a group of other NKVD officers close to Lavrentiy Beria.

</doc>
<doc id="19725161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725161" title="Charles Newcombe">
Charles Newcombe

Charles Neil Newcombe (16 March 1891 — 27 December 1915) was an English cricketer and footballer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in 1910, and league football for Chesterfield F. C. and Rotherham Town F. C.. He was killed in action in the First World War.
Newcombe was born in Great Yarmouth, the son of E. Percy G. Newcombe and Helen Ada L. Newcombe, later of Matlock. He was educated at Chesterfield School, where he was head boy. 
Newcombe made a single first-class appearance for Derbyshire in the 1910 season against Yorkshire in May, when he hit wicket after 1 run in the first innings and was bowled out for a duck by Drake in the second. He was a right-handed batsman and a left-arm slow-medium bowler although he never bowled a first-class ball.
Newcombe played football for Creswell. He was a forward for Chesterfield F.C. in the 1910-1911, and 1911-1912 seasons. He subsequently went to Rotherham Town F. C..
Newcombe served in the First World War in the 7th Bn King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry as a lieutenant and was killed in action at Fleurbaix in France. He was buried at Y Farm Military Cemetery, Bois-Grenier

</doc>
<doc id="19725170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725170" title="Dmitri Michkov">
Dmitri Michkov

Dmitri Vyacheslavovich Michkov (; born January 22, 1980 in Klimovsk) is a Russian footballer who last played for FC Fakel Voronezh.
Career.
On 19 December he moved from FC Tom Tomsk to FC Rubin Kazan which was confirmed by Rubin official website. But later the transfer fell through.

</doc>
<doc id="19725177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725177" title="Spiniphryne">
Spiniphryne

Spiniphryne, also called spiny dreamers, is a genus of dreamers. Like other deep-sea anglerfish, "Spiniphryne" lure prey to them by means of a modified first dorsal fin ray with a bioluminescent bulb at the tip. "Spiniphryne" is unique amongst the oneirodids for being covered in tiny spines.
Species.
There are currently two recognized species in this genus: 
Taxonomy.
The type species, "S. gladisfenae", was originally described by William Beebe in 1932 under the oneirodid genus "Dolopichthys". Six months later that year, Regan and Trewavas revised the species into a new genus, "Centrophryne", along with the newly described species "Centrophryne spinulosa". In 1951, Bertelsen moved "C. spinulosa" into its own family, Centrophrynidae, but retained ""Centrophryne gladisfenae"" in the Oneirodidae under a new genus, "Spiniphryne". This classification was later upheld by Bertelsen and Pietsch in 1975, who determined that the resemblance between "Spiniphryne" and "Centrophryne" is superficial.
Distribution and habitat.
The type specimen of "S. gladisfenae" was collected off Bermuda. "S. gladisfenae" has been collected from the eastern and western north Atlantic Ocean, the western Indian Ocean, and the western Pacific Ocean ranging from Taiwan to New Zealand. "S. duhameli" has only been collected from the central and eastern north Pacific Ocean, at a maximum depth of 2500 meters.
Description.
Metamorphosed female "Spiniphryne" have elongate and slender bodies rather than globulose. The body is entirely black except for the appendages at the tip of the esca, which are dark red to bright orange due to blood. The subdermal coloration consists of large, subdermal melanophores most densely grouped along the back. The fin bases and caudal peduncle are unpigmented. The mouth is moderately large, filled with slender, recurved teeth of large and small sizes. The first two or three teeth of the premaxilla are immobile, while the rest can be depressed. They have well-developed sphenotic spines (above the eyes) and a symphysial spine (at the tip of the jaw where the two halves meet). The illicium ("fishing rod") is relatively short. "Spiniphryne" is distinguished from all other oneirodids by tiny, close-set dermal spinules that entirely cover the body and fins. Males and larvae have yet to be encountered.
The two species of "Spiniphryne" are distinguished from each other by details of the esca ("lure").

</doc>
<doc id="19725179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725179" title="Okto">
Okto

okto (, is a television channel in Singapore, managed by MediaCorp and caters to the general youths and young adults of Singapore, similar to Channel U. 
The word "okto" means "8" in Greek. To reflect this, both StarHub TV and SingTel mio TV carry this channel as Channel "8" (this channel shouldn't be confused with MediaCorp Channel 8, which is MediaCorp's main Mandarin language channel). Despite the meaning of the channel's name, the channel is actually airing on channel 30 for those receiving channels via aerial or channel 25 for those using StarHub TV sockets. For those who subscribed to StarHub TV the channel will be aired on channel 108 and mio TV the channel will be aired on channel 209. Due to mio TV's channel number switch,this channel would broadcast on Channel 209 with effect from 1 November 2012 which is on Thursday at 00:00 hrs.
Okto has a mascot named "Ollie" who was originally named "OktoBoy", drawn on his back is the logo of Okto and born last year (2011).
History.
Previously, Central had 3 program belts:
This leaves behind Kids Central and Arts Central, the other two program belts of Central remained and Central was renamed Okto since then. Okto took over the frequency of Channel i, a channel which went defunct since 1 January 2005. Besides broadcasting children's programmes and cultural programming, they also broadcast live sporting events (e.g., Football, Olympic Games, Asian Games, Southeast Asian Games etc.) if there is a need to, making the channel somewhat similar to SPH Mediaworks Channel i and Premiere 12.
By 2016, Okto, along with Channel U and Channel NewsAsia will definitely go digital, in line with the digital switchover that will take place by 2020.
Transmission hours.
Transmission hours are from 9:00 am (weekday), 7:00 am (weekend) to 12:00 midnight (daily), 1:00 am(Sunday) daily and public holidays from 9:00 am (weekday), 7:00 am (weekend) to 12:00 midnight (daily), 1:00 am (Sunday) when it plays the national anthem.
TV Tuner Frequency.
495.000 MHz
Opening and closing times.
Startup.
okto starts up at 9:00 am (weekday), 7:00 am (weekend). The national anthem will be played and station ident.
Closedown.
Okto closes down at 12:00 midnight (daily) or later than the expected closedown time with the station ident and the national anthem.
Programming.
Okto is predominantly an English channel with selected programmes in the language of the country of origin. The programming on the channel is similar to its predecessors Premiere 12, Kids Central, Arts Central and SPH MediaWorks Channel i, with preschool and children programmes between the day and night and documentaries; lifestyle, news, current affairs, anime and art performances in the rest of the night.
Okto aims to be a one-stop channel that will enrich, engage and entertain, offering some of the best local and international programmes to the Singapore viewers. The channel has a special focus on the kids and arts communities and on User Generated Content (UGC) enabling them to participate, grow and be an integral part of the channel. It is also the first channel to use the old Premiere 12 structure.
oktoDAY.
okto replaces Kids Central & generally has children's programmes.
Transmission Hours:
Website - okto
Original Shown on Kids Central in 2000 - 2008.
New shows.
Also found inside other MediaCorp TV Channels.
oktoNITE.
a~ok replaces Arts Central and has more programmes for adults. 
Transmission Hours:
Website - a~ok
New shows.
Found Inside Other MediaCorp TV Channel Too. (Eg. Knockout Carnival)
New programming.
On 1 April 2011, the programming on okto was revamped.
The channel is no longer divided into oktoday & oktonite. Instead, it is divided into okto & a~ok (Arts on Okto).
However, the transition clip to oktonite (where the background changes from white to blue) is still played.

</doc>
<doc id="19725180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725180" title="Walnut Hills, Ohio">
Walnut Hills, Ohio

Walnut Hills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19725197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725197" title="Spiniphryne duhameli">
Spiniphryne duhameli

Spiniphryne duhameli is a species of dreamer known from the central Pacific Ocean. The females of this species grow to a length of SL. The esca contains a pair of short, slender filaments at the tip, a small, simple appendage without distal filaments on the back, and three pairs of long, slender filaments on the sides. "S. duhameli" also has more dental teeth than "S. gladisfenae".

</doc>
<doc id="19725200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725200" title="Spiniphryne gladisfenae">
Spiniphryne gladisfenae

Spiniphryne gladisfenae, the Prickly dreamer, is a species of dreamer known only from the Atlantic Ocean. The females of this species grow to a length of SL. The esca contains two bulbous appendages on the tip, covered with tiny papillae and with clusters of tiny filaments around the base. There is also a large appendage on the back, divided at the end into three lobes or many filaments. The number of lateral escal filaments varies from none to three. "S. gladisfenae" also has fewer dental teeth than "S. duhameli".

</doc>
<doc id="19725204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725204" title="Ignis suus">
Ignis suus

Ignis suus (his fire; Latin), sometimes "ignus suus", is a common law principle relating to an occupier's liability over damage caused by the spread of fire. It traditionally imposes strict liability.
It was cited in the case "Burnie Port Authority v. General Jones Pty. Ltd." at the Supreme Court of Tasmania. When this case was taken to the High Court of Australia, the "ignis suus" rule was rejected as inappropriate for modern circumstances, had never been introduced into Australian law, and also on the basis it had been absorbed into the "Rylands v. Fletcher" principle, which was held to no longer be good law in Australia. Both "ignis suus" and the "Rylands and Fletcher" rule were found by the majority of the HCA in "Burnie", as stated and led by Mason CJ, to be absorbed into the tort of negligence.
See also.
Australian tort law

</doc>
<doc id="19725213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725213" title="Independent Party (Kosovo)">
Independent Party (Kosovo)

Independent Party of Kosovo or IPK is a party that supports Independent Kosovo.The leader of the IPK Don Salihu an Albanian from Republic of Albania. The IPK Party won 10.5 votes in Kosovar Elections. The Independent Party of Kosovo is in coalition with LDK & Liberal Party:LPK

</doc>
<doc id="19725214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725214" title="James H. Trapier">
James H. Trapier

James Heyward Trapier (November 24, 1815 – December 21, 1865) was a career United States Army officer who fought during the Mexican–American War. He also served as a Confederate general during the American Civil War, dying shortly after its conclusion.
Early life and career.
Trapier was born in 1815 at a plantation called "Windsor" located along the Black River near the city of Georgetown, South Carolina. In 1834 he attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, and graduated four years later standing third out of 45 cadets. P.G.T. Beauregard, whom Trapier would serve under later in life, placed second in this same class. He was commissioned a second lieutenant in the 1st U.S. Artillery on July 1, 1838. Six days later Trapier transferred to the Engineer Corps, and he was promoted to the rank of first lieutenant on July 1, 1839.
In his work for the Engineers, Trapier helped in the construction of defenses on the coastline of the United States. He also served in the Mexican–American War from 1846–1848, and he would resign his commission on February 28, 1848. After tendering his resignation, Trapier moved back to his plantation in South Carolina and became a planter. He also was active in the South Carolina State Militia, rising to the rank of colonel and serving as the militia's aide-de-camp. As the chief of ordnance of South Carolina, Trapier "ensured that the state was
well-armed."
Civil War service.
At the start of the American Civil War in 1861, Trapier chose to follow his home state and the Confederate cause. He entered the Confederate Army in January, assigned as a captain in the Engineers as well as aide-de-camp to South Carolina's Governor Francis W. Pickens. He then began his service under Brig. Gen. Beauregard, becoming part of his staff in April and Chief Engineer of the newly formed Department of South Carolina until November. While there he aided Beauregard in the construction of artillery batteries within Charleston Harbor, and on June 19 he was promoted to major and was assigned assistant quartermaster.
Trapier was promoted to the rank of brigadier general on October 21, 1861. He was given command the District of Middle and Eastern Florida from November 5 until March 14 of the following year. He then was ordered to the Western Theater and Gen. Albert Sidney Johnston's Army of the Mississippi, with Brig. Gen. Joseph Finegan taking over his district command in April. Trapier was assigned to lead the 4th Brigade of the 2nd Division in Maj. Gen. Braxton Bragg's II Corps in March. Gen. Beauregard assumed command of the Army of the Mississippi upon Johnston's death at Shiloh and led it during the First Battle of Corinth in late April.
Trapier was then temporarily given command the 1st Division of the I Corps on April 14 when it's commander, Charles Clark, fell ill. When Clark recovered, Trapier was then given temporary command of the 2nd Division of Bragg's II Corps, and led it in this capacity during the Battle of Farmington. Trapier's performance during the Union siege at Corinth was highly criticized and Bragg, now the army commander, ordered him relieved of command and sent him home for duty in South Carolina. Trapier was one of the many army officers whose career was badly damaged by the harsh and unfair criticisms of Bragg.
In November 1862, Trapier was given command of the Forth Military District of South Carolina, headquartered in Georgetown. This district encompassed the area from the North Carolina line to the Santee River. Trapier strengthened the defense of this district by placing troops in coastal fortifications, notably Battery White, which guarded Winyah Bay. 
In April 1863, Trapier was called by Gen. P.G.T. Beauregard, who at this time commanded at Charleston, to command the garrison located on Sullivans Island during Union Admiral Samuel DuPonts' naval assault on the city. DuPont's attack failed and with Charleston safe, Trapier reported back to Georgetown.
After April 1863, Trapier performed well in the command of the district although constantly plagued by a lack of supplies and troops. Trapier asked the Confederate government repeatedly for extra troops to defend this district; however, the government allocated what extra troops it had to more active theaters.
Trapier's district was unmolested until February 25, 1865 when Union Admiral John Dahlgren's fleet sailed into Georgetown's harbor and captured the town. Trapier evacuated the town and its outlying fortifications previous to its occupation in concurrence with the surrender of Charleston. Admiral Dahlgren's flagship, "Harvest Moon", struck a torpedo March 1, 1865 in Winyah Bay placed there under orders from Gen. Trapier. The admiral was uninjured but the "Harvest Moon" sank.
There is no record showing Gen. Trapier was ever captured or paroled. Trapier was not with Confederate forces under Gen. Joseph Johnston in North Carolina at the time of surrender.
Postbellum and death.
After the end of the war, Trapier returned to farming in South Carolina. He died at the age of 50 during the winter of 1865 at the home of a friend in Georgetown. He was buried there in the cemetery of Prince George Winyah Churchyard.

</doc>
<doc id="19725216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725216" title="NSU Quickly">
NSU Quickly

The NSU Quickly was a moped manufactured by NSU Motorenwerke AG of Germany from 1953 to 1963. More than one million Quicklys were built and sold.
Construction.
The Quickly frame was a pressed-steel single spar unit with a headset at the front of the unit and wheel attachment points at the end of the arms at the rear of the unit. The unit also incorporated a tower in which the seat post was mounted and attachment points for the motor unit and the petrol tank.
The front forks of the Quickly were made from pressed steel and were fitted with leading-link suspension.
The motor unit included a two-stroke engine, a two-speed transmission (three-speed on some models), a bicycle pedal assembly to start the engine and assist propulsion up hills, and a centrestand.
Other frames: Cavallino and T.
The Quickly Cavallino, the Quickly T, the Quickly TT and the Quickly TT/K did not use the same frame as the other Quickly models. The Cavallino had a tubular steel frame similar to a conventional motorcycle, but without a downtube. The T had a unique unit frame including a front tube and a rear fender The TT and TT/K used the Cavallino frame.
Variations.
The Quickly was made in several levels of trim. 
Quickly N.
The original and most basic version of the Quickly was the Quickly N. It used the original version of the engine, with a 5.5:1 compression ratio, which produced at 4600 rpm. The N had a two-speed transmission that was operated from the handlebar. It ran on 26 x 2.00" wheels front and rear. 539,793 Quickly N mopeds were manufactured from 1953 to 1962.
Quickly S.
The S was basically a N with larger fenders, a speedometer, a side stand, and chrome-plated rims. 314,715 Quickly S mopeds were manufactured from 1955 to 1962. 
Van Oorschot variant.
Van Oorschot, the Dutch importer of the NSU Quickly, assembled a Dutch version of the Quickly with front fender of the Quickly L, a different luggage carrier on the rear, and the rare 25 x 2.25" wheels. 
Quickly L.
The L was a "Luxus" (luxury) version. On the L, the regular Quickly pressed steel frame was given attachment points for a swingarm and a unit encompassing the rear fender and spring/damper units for the rear suspension. Leg shields were optional on the L. 86,380 Quickly L mopeds were manufactured from 1956 to 1961.
Quickly Cavallino.
The Quickly Cavallino used the Quickly motor unit but had a more conventional motorcycle frame and appearance. The Cavallino had telescopic front forks, a dual seat, a three-speed transmission, and 23 × 2.25" wheels. 21,584 Cavallino mopeds were manufactured from 1957 to 1960.
Quickly T.
The T was called the "TraumQuickly",or "Dream Quickly". It had a unique frame, futuristic styling, a new leading link front fork with the front fender as a structural component, a three speed transmission, and a high-compression (6.8:1, at 5000 rpm) version of the Quickly's motor unit. 38,605 Quickly T mopeds were manufactured from 1959 to 1963.
Quickly TT and TT/K.
The TT used the frame from the Cavallino and the front suspension (including structural front fender) and high-compression motor unit from the Quickly T. The Quickly TT mopeds were manufactured from 1959 to 1963. The TT/K, a TT with a kickstarter, was available from 1960 to 1961, in which time 12,200 TT/Ks were manufactured.
Quickly S2.
The Quickly S2 was a Quickly S with a dual seat installed. It had the high-compression engine from the Quickly T and a pair of 25 x 2.25" wheels. 12,411 Quickly S2 mopeds were manufactured from 1960 to 1962.
Quickly S/23 and S2/23 series.
The Quickly S and S2 models were reworked with larger fuel tanks, updated styling and 23" wheels, becoming the Quickly S/23 and S2/23 respectively. The S2/23 used the high-compression engine and three speed transmission from the T. Both models were manufactured from 1961 to 1963, in which time 28,435 S/23 mopeds and 22,322 S2/23 mopeds were manufactured. 
Quickly N/23.
The Quickly N/23 replaced the N in 1962 and was manufactured until 1963. The N/23 was as basic as the N but had 23 x 2.00" wheels. 
11,347 Quickly N/23 mopeds were manufactured.
Quickly F.
Also known as the Quickly F/23, the Quickly F essentially replaced the L at the top of the traditional Quickly line. It was similar in styling and appearance to the S2/23, but it had rear suspension combining the swingarm from the L with the tall spring/damper units from the Cavallino and TT. The Quickly F was manufactured from 1962 to 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19725221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725221" title="Emmanuel Episcopal Church (Elmira, New York)">
Emmanuel Episcopal Church (Elmira, New York)

Emmanuel Episcopal Church is located at 380 Pennsylvania Avenue in Elmira, New York. It is significant for its High Victorian Gothic style of architecture. The surface of the cast concrete building was cast to resemble rough cut stone. This church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in November, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19725226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725226" title="Aleksandr Kharitonov (footballer)">
Aleksandr Kharitonov (footballer)

Aleksandr Nikolayevich Kharitonov () (born April 4, 1983) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk .

</doc>
<doc id="19725234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725234" title="Peoples Party of Kosovo">
Peoples Party of Kosovo

The Peoples Party of Kosovo (PPK) supports fully Independent Kosovo. Leader of PPK is Bujar Topali Kosovar Albanian. The party believes in Freedom and Rights for all Kosovars in Kosovo. They are alliance with Alliance Party of Kosovo (APK).

</doc>
<doc id="19725235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725235" title="Aleksandr Kharitonov">
Aleksandr Kharitonov

Aleksandr Kharitonov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19725248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725248" title="Mike Altieri">
Mike Altieri

Michael Joseph "Mike" Altieri (born April 14, 1973) is a member of the Screen Actors Guild, the Actors' Equity Association and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists. Altieri is a New York International Independent Film and Video Festival Award-winning producer.
Early life.
Altieri was born in Kingston, Pennsylvania. Altieri is the son of Joseph Ronald Altieri, a musician, and Rita Claire Chico, a singer. In 1988 Altieri began studying Singing, Dancing and Acting at Frohman Academy in Carmel, California.
Altieri attended Monterey High School (Monterey, California) where he participated in high school theater productions. He graduated in 1991 and later enrolled in Monterey Peninsula College to continue studying Acting. He later left school to pursue an acting career.
In 1995 he continued his Acting training in Hollywood, California with Professional scene study coaches and improv experts. He also studied Producing at the American Film Institute. After finishing at AFI, Mike went on to produce and star in more independently produced films with "high production value". While in Hollywood he pursued auditions and supported himself with a variety of odd jobs, including waiter, real estate assistant, and real estate agent.
Career.
Altieri independently produced and starred in the short film ON DUTY (2000) that won "Best Short Film" at New York International Independent Film and Video Festival in 2000. Altieri went on to star in, the Student Short Film Festival in Toronto's "Official Selection", TIL UNDEATH DO US PART (2006), and later, REVOLVER (2007), "Official Selection" at the SoCal Indy Film Festival in Orange County, California in 2007, and "Official Selection" at FESTIVUS film festival in Denver, Colorado in 2008. Most Recently, he Produced his wife's first Writing / Directing accomplishment, the short film POSITIVELY 4TH STREET (2007), her first challenge on the Steven Spielberg / Mark Burnett show, On the Lot.
While in Hollywood, California, Altieri took acting classes with Ivana Chubbuck among several other professional acting coaches and improv experts. He appeared in several student films and later landed a role in the Actors' Equity Association Knightsbridge Theatre production of The Pirates of Penzance. Altieri has appeared as an extra in several television and movie productions.
Entrepreneurship.
Altieri currently runs his own production company, Around the Clock Productions. Altieri's production company, Around the Clock Productions, will produce his next movie, "The Trophy Case".
Personal life.
In 1996, he met his current wife, Shauna McClure, and celebrated 12 years together on September 12, 2008. At 7 years together they had their first child, a daughter, Ruby Claire, and 3 years later had their second child, a son, Logan Michael.
He has a scar on his left cheek, above the cheek bone, which he received as a child when swinging on a neighbors swing set.

</doc>
<doc id="19725253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725253" title="Interbasin transfer">
Interbasin transfer

Interbasin transfer or transbasin diversion are (often hyphenated) terms used to describe man-made conveyance schemes which move water from one river basin where it is available, to another basin where water is less available or could be utilized better for human development. The purpose of such designed schemes can be to alleviate water shortages in the receiving basin, to generate electricity, or both. Rarely, as in the case of the Glory River which diverted water from the Tigris to Euphrates River in modern Iraq, interbasin transfers have been undertaken for political purposes. While ancient water supply examples exist, the first modern developments were undertaken in the 19th century in Australia, India and the United States; large cities such as Denver and Los Angeles would not exist as we know them today without these diversion transfers. Since the 20th century many more similar projects have followed in other countries, including Israel, Canada and China. Utilized alternatively, the Green Revolution in India and hydropower development in Canada could not have been accomplished without such man-made transfers. 
Since conveyance of water between natural basins are described as both a subtraction at the source and as an addition at the destination, such projects may be controversial in some places and over time; they may also be seen as controversial due to their scale, costs and environmental or developmental impacts. 
In Texas, for example, a 2007 Texas Water Development Board report analyzed the costs and benefits of IBTs in Texas, concluding that while some are essential, barriers to IBT development include cost, resistance to new reservoir construction and environmental impacts. Despite the costs and other concerns involved, IBTs play an essential role in the state's 50-year water planning horizon. Of 44 recommended ground and surface water conveyance and transfer projects included in the 2012 Texas State Water Plan, 15 would rely on IBTs. 
While developed countries often have exploited the most economical sites already with large benefits, many large-scale diversion/transfer schemes have been proposed in developing countries such as Brazil, African countries, India and China. These more modern transfers have been justified because of their potential economic and social benefits in more heavily populated areas, stemming from increased water demand for irrigation, industrial and municipal water supply, and renewable energy needs. These projects are also justified because of possible climate change and a concern over decreased water availability in the future; in that light, these projects thus tend to hedge against ensuing droughts and increasing demand. Projects conveying water between basins economically are often large and expensive, and involve major public and/or private infrastructure planning and coordination. In some cases where desired flow is not provided by gravity alone, additional use of energy is required for pumping water to the destination. Projects of this type can also be complicated in legal terms, since water and riparian rights are affected; this is especially true if the basin of origin is a transnational river. Furthermore, these transfers can have significant environmental impacts on aquatic ecosystems at the source. In some cases water conservation measures at the destination can make such water transfers less immediately necessary to alleviate water scarcity, delay their need to be built, or reduce their initial size and cost.
Existing transfers.
There are dozens of large inter-basin transfers around the world, most of them concentrated in Australia, Canada, China, India and the United States. The oldest interbasin transfers date back to the late 19th century, with an exceptionally old example being the Roman gold mine at Las Médulas in Spain. Their primary purpose usually is either to alleviate water scarcity or to generate hydropower.
Primarily for the alleviation of water scarcity.
Americas.
The Central Arizona Project (CAP) in the USA is not an interbasin transfer "per se", although it shares many characteristics with interbasin transfers as it transports large amounts of water over a long distance and difference in altitude. The CAP transfers water from the Colorado River to Central Arizona for both agriculture and municipal water supply to substitute for depleted groundwater. However, the water remains within the watershed of the Colorado River, though transferred into the Gila sub-basin.
Europe.
Characteristics of major existing interbasin transfers and other large-scale water transfers to alleviate water scarcity
For the generation of hydropower.
Canada.
In Canada, sixteen interbasin transfers have been implemented for hydropower development. The most important is the James Bay Project from the Caniapiscau River and the Eastmain River into the La Grande River, built in the 1970s. The water flow was reduced by 90% at the mouth of the Eastmain River, by 45% where the Caniapiscau River flows into the Koksoak River, and by 35% at the mouth of the Koksoak River. The water flow of the La Grande River, on the other hand, was doubled, increasing from 1,700 m³/s to 3,400 m³/s (and from 500 m³/s to 5,000 m³/s in winter) at the mouth of the La Grande River. Other interbasin transfers include:
For other purposes.
The Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal in the USA, which serves to divert polluted water from Lake Michigan.
Transfers under construction.
The Eastern and Central Routes of the South-North Water Transfer Project in China from the Yangtse River to the Yellow River and Beijing.
Proposed transfers.
Nearly all proposed interbasin transfers are in developing countries. The objective of most transfers is the alleviation of water scarcity in the receiving basin(s). Unlike in the case of existing transfers, there are very few proposed transfers whose objective is the generation of hydropower.
Africa.
From the Ubangi River in Congo to the Chari River which empties into Lake Chad. The plan was first proposed in the 1960s and again in the 1980s and 1990s by Nigerian engineer J. Umolu (ZCN Scheme) and Italian firm Bonifica (Transaqua Scheme). In 1994, the Lake Chad Basin Commission (LCBC) proposed a similar project and at a March, 2008 Summit, the Heads of State of the LCBC member countries committed to the diversion project. In April, 2008, the LCBC advertised a request for proposals for a World Bank-funded feasibility study.
Europe.
From the Ebro River in Spain to Barcelona in the Northeast and to various cities on the Mediterranean coast to the Southwest
Ecological aspects.
Since rivers are home to a complex web of species and their interactions, the transfer of water from one basin to another can have a serious impact on species living therein.

</doc>
<doc id="19725256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725256" title="Pierre Dumas">
Pierre Dumas

Pierre Dumas (died Paris, 29 February 2000) was a French doctor who pioneered drug tests in the Olympic Games and cycling. He was doctor of the Tour de France from 1952 to 1969 and head of drug-testing at the race until 1977.
Background.
Dumas taught physical education at Reims from 1942. He then studied to become a doctor and joined the École Nationale de la Santé Publique in Paris in 1951. He was a short, stocky figure, a Greco-Roman wrestler who had a black belt in judo. He knew nothing more of cycling than he had read in the newspapers when in July 1952 he cancelled a climbing holiday in the Alps to become doctor at the Tour de France. Dumas remained head doctor of the Tour until 1972, when he handed over to Philippe Miserez.
Tour de France.
Pierre Dumas came to the 1952 Tour de France when the original doctor pulled out. Dumas was a judoka rather than a cyclist and had none of the preconceptions established in cycling. He discovered a world in which 
He spoke of 
In the 1955 Tour de France, Dumas attended the French rider Jean Mallejac when he collapsed in the Tour de France on Mont Ventoux. Ten kilometres from the summit, said the historian of the Tour de France, Jacques Augendre, Mallejac was: "Streaming with sweat, haggard and comatose, he was zigzagging and the road wasn't wide enough for him... He was already no longer in the real world, still less in the world of cyclists and the Tour de France." Mallejac collapsed, one foot still in a pedal, the other pedalling in the air. He was "completely unconscious, his face the colour of a corpse, a freezing sweat ran on his forehead." He was hauled to the side of the road and Dumas summoned. Georges Pahnoud of the "Télégramme de Brest" reported: 
He had to force [Mallejac's] jaws apart to try to make him drink and it was a quarter of an hour later, after he had received an injection of Solcamphor and been given oxygen, that Mallejac regained consciousness. Taken by ambulance, he hadn't however completely recovered. He fought, he gesticulated, he shouted, demanded his bike, wanted to get out.
Mallejac insisted for the rest of his life that he had been given a drugged bottle from a soigneur, whom he didn't name, and said that while his other belongings had reached the hospital intact, the bottle had been emptied and couldn't be analysed. That evening Dumas said: 
The French team manager, Marcel Bidot, was cited to an inquiry by the Council of Europe as saying: "Three-quarters of riders were doped. I am well placed to know that since I visited their rooms each evening during the Tour. I always left frightened after these visits."
Olympic Games.
Dumas led the International Sports Medicine Federation (ISMF) to press the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) for drug-testing at the 100 km team time-trial at the 1964 Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo. Danish cyclist Knut Jensen had crashed and died at the 1960 Summer Olympic Games in Rome whilst competing in the 100 km. Wlodzimierc Golebiewski, organiser of the Peace Race and vice-president of the International Amateur Cycling Federation, said: "This young man had taken a large overdose of drugs, which had been the cause of his death. As a result of this accident, the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) became the first to bring in doping controls.
The International Olympic Committee took its first action in Moscow, when in June 1962 it studied a report by Carvallo Pini and Ferreira Santos, who had asked it to consider the problem. The French association of physical education had formed the first anti-doping committee in 1959 and prompted the ISMF to act internationally. The ISMF held a symposium and from it came the call to the UCI for tests at the Tokyo Games.
Teams were frisked at the start but only innocent substances found. Urine was taken from Dutch, Italian, Swedish, Argentine, Russian and French riders but nothing found. They were carried out by four officials from the UCI and by the French sports minister, the mountaineer Maurice Herzog. Riders were checked for signs of injections, which 13 had, and were asked what they had taken, who had supplied them and who had conducted or authorised the treatment.
International pressure.
Dumas had established tests could be conducted and wrote to Avery Brundage, the Games president. Brundage passed the letter to Prince Alexandre de Merode, a member of the Olympic committee in Belgium, who met Dumas and another campaigner, Dr André Dirix of Belgium. The minutes, and a petition by doctors from 14 nations, went to Brundage. Dumas told an international conference:
In 1965, Dumas quoted a report by "a national cycle coach":
In that same year he began his campaign against soigneurs and team doctors, and riders who treated themselves. He asked riders to allow him to test them, promising secrecy. The results helped create the first doping law. The first routine examination of all sports in the Olympic Games started in Grenoble and Mexico in 1968.
The "Loi Herzog".
Dumas gave his first public warning about doping during the 1962 Tour de France, when 12 riders fell out sick in a single day, many of them from the same team. The riders and their officials insisted they had eaten bad fish at their hotel. The hotels proved that they hadn't. Dumas concluded that they had taken a badly administered cocktail that included morphine, a pain-killer. He and Robert Boncourt, his colleague on the amateur race, the Tour de l'Avenir, warned in the press about drug-taking and its dangers. It was the first time an official of either race had made a public statement of the sort and next day the professional race came close to a strike. The incident led Dumas and Boncourt to organise a conference on drug-prevention at Uriage-les-Bains the following year. That brought France's first law against drugs in sport, passed shortly after a similar law in Belgium.
On 1 June 1965, France passed Law 65-412, known as the "Loi Herzog", after Maurice Herzog, the minister of youth and sport. It led to a spot test on the 1966 Tour de France, after which riders went on strike and called for Dumas to take a test himself, to see if he had been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier. "The implication was clear," said the British writer Geoffrey Nicholson. "Any more testing, no more Tour." The penalty threatened by the law, said Nicholson, was "up to a year's imprisonment and a fine of roughly £400", but "in France, this law was not enforced, mainly it seemed because professional cyclists regarded it as an intrusion on their personal liberty, and on the whole public opinion was behind them."
The UCI had not been enthusiastic about drug-testing. William Fotheringham wrote:
(In 1962), cycling's international governing body, the Union Cycliste Internationale, had thrown out a motion from the Polish federation to make the UCI responsible for combating doping. Measures against the use of drugs in cycling, when they came, were led by the police in Italy, Belgium, Switzerland and France. They treated action against sportsmen as an extension of their operations against drug traffickers and behaved accordingly. Early anti-drug operations at cycle races were crude, did nothing to make cyclists feel well-disposed towards their imposition, and lacked any credibility.
Tests were carried out timidly and the French rider, Jacques Anquetil, was among several prominent competitors who said the law was badly written and unreliably carried out. Alec Taylor was manager of the British team in the 1967 Tour de France, in which Tom Simpson, his leading rider, died on Mont Ventoux after doping himself. Taylor said: 
Race officials, federations, even the law on the Continent have been lax and some criticism must be laid at their door for their slackness in dope-testing procedures and administration. Before Tom's death I saw on the Continent the over-cautious way riders were tested for dope, as if the authorities feared to lift the veil, scared of how to handle the results, knowing all the while what they would be.
Death of Tom Simpson.
Dumas was responsible for the wellbeing of riders in the race but had no control over their preparation, over their teams, or over the drug tests themselves. He was aware of that on the eve of Simpson's death on 13 July 1967.
The historian Pierre Chany wrote:
Three kilometres from the summit, in a landscape of stone, where the mountain becomes most arid, the Briton began to wobble. The drama was imminent and it came a kilometre further on. Simpson climbed in slow motion, his face blank, his head tilted towards his right shoulder in his familiar manner. He was at the end of his strength. He fell a first time. Spectators went to him, putting him back in the saddle and pushing him. He went another 300m, helped by unknown arms, then fell again. This time, nobody tried to pull him upright: he had lost consciousness.
Dumas took over team officials' attempts at saving Simpson. Simpson was not breathing even in an oxygen mask. He, his deputy and a nurse, took turns massaging his heart and giving mouth-to-mouth. Dumas refused to sign a burial certificate and a poisons expert was commissioned to conduct an autopsy. Alec Taylor said: "His death jolted parents, coaches, trainers, race organisers, showing them what was happening in the world of sport and in cycle racing particularly was reaching dangerous proportions."
Death and legacy.
It took many years before the testing that Dumas wanted became common in sport and more years before it was convincingly carried out. Not until 2008, for instance, was testing in the Tour de France taken from the sport's own administrators, the UCI, and given to a body administered by the French government. Dumas was not the first doctor to call for drugs tests but his position in the Tour de France, which in his time was smaller and more intimate so that he could visit most of the teams most evenings, gave him a closer sight than others.
Dumas died a semi-invalid in eastern Paris. The Antenne Médicale de Prévention du Dopage, at La Grave hospital in Toulouse, is named in his memory. It was created in 2002 after the sports minister Marie-George Buffet expanded and tightened the Loi Herzog that Dumas had helped create. Dumas's son, who is head of security at Nice airport, recalled that his father had created the modern medical service at the Tour. "He followed it in a 4CV on which the top folded back. He tied strings to it so that he could care for riders while driving. My mother and I are delighted that you have chosen to name this medical centre after him."

</doc>
<doc id="19725257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725257" title="Serbian Union of Kosovo &amp; Metohija">
Serbian Union of Kosovo &amp; Metohija

Serbian Union of Kosovo & Metohija (KOSOVO)
SUOKM : Serbian Union of Kosovo & Metohija is a Political Party within Kosovo. The party opposes Independence from Serbia but fully supports Autonomy for Albanians & Serbians in Kosovo. They are in coalition with Radicals of Serbia (SERBIAN PARTY IN SERBIA) & Roma Rights Party in Kosovo. Both they and Roma Rights won 0.0% of the elections in Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="19725260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725260" title="University">
University

A university (Latin: "universitas", "a whole") is an institution of higher education and research which grants academic degrees in a variety of subjects and provides both undergraduate education and postgraduate education. The word "university" is derived from the Latin "universitas magistrorum et scholarium", which roughly means "community of teachers and scholars."
History.
Definition.
The original Latin word ""universitas"" refers in general to "a number of persons associated into one body, a society, company, community, guild, corporation, etc." At the time of the emergence of urban town life and medieval guilds, specialised "associations of students and teachers with collective legal rights usually guaranteed by charters issued by princes, prelates, or the towns in which they were located" came to be denominated by this general term. Like other guilds, they were self-regulating and determined the qualifications of their members. In modern usage the word has come to mean "An institution of higher education offering tuition in mainly non-vocational subjects and typically having the power to confer degrees," with the earlier emphasis on its corporate organization considered as applying historically to Medieval universities. The original Latin word referred to degree-granting institutions of learning in Western and Central Europe, where this form of legal organisation was prevalent, and from where the institution spread around the world. For non-related educational institutions of antiquity which did not stand in the tradition of the university and to which the term is only loosely and retrospectively applied, see ancient higher-learning institutions.
Academic freedom.
An important idea in the definition of a university is the notion of academic freedom. The first documentary evidence of this comes from early in the life of the first university. The University of Bologna adopted an academic charter, the "Constitutio Habita", in 1158 or 1155, which guaranteed the right of a traveling scholar to unhindered passage in the interests of education. Today this is claimed as the origin of "academic freedom". This is now widely recognised internationally - on 18 September 1988 430 university rectors signed the "Magna Charta Universitatum", marking the 900th anniversary of Bologna's foundation. The number of universities signing the "Magna Charta Universitatum" continues to grow, drawing from all parts of the world.
Medieval universities.
European higher education took place for hundreds of years in Christian cathedral schools or monastic schools ("Scholae monasticae"), in which monks and nuns taught classes; evidence of these immediate forerunners of the later university at many places dates back to the 6th century AD. The earliest universities were developed under the aegis of the Latin Church by papal bull as "studia generalia" and perhaps from cathedral schools. It is possible, however, that the development of cathedral schools into universities was quite rare, with the University of Paris being an exception. (See Leff, "Paris and Oxford Universities".) Later they were also founded by Kings (University of Naples Federico II, Charles University in Prague, Jagiellonian University in Kraków) or municipal administrations (University of Cologne, University of Erfurt). In the early medieval period, most new universities were founded from pre-existing schools, usually when these schools were deemed to have become primarily sites of higher education. Many historians state that universities and cathedral schools were a continuation of the interest in learning promoted by monasteries.
The first universities in Europe with a form of corporate/guild structure were the University of Bologna (1088), the University of Paris (c. 1150, later associated with the Sorbonne), the University of Oxford (1167), the University of Modena (1175), the University of Palencia (1208), the University of Cambridge (1209), the University of Salamanca (1218), the University of Montpellier (1220), the University of Padua (1222), the University of Naples Federico II (1224), and the University of Toulouse (1229).
The University of Bologna began as a law school teaching the "ius gentium" or Roman law of peoples which was in demand across Europe for those defending the right of incipient nations against empire and church. Bologna’s special claim to "Alma Mater Studiorum" is based on its autonomy, its awarding of degrees, and other structural arrangements, making it the oldest continuously operating institution independent of kings, emperors or any kind of direct religious authority.
The conventional date of 1088, or 1087 according to some, records when Irnerius commences teaching Emperor Justinian’s 6th century codification of Roman law, the "Corpus Iuris Civilis", recently discovered at Pisa. Lay students arrived in the city from many lands entering into a contract to gain this knowledge, organising themselves into ‘Nationes’, divided between that of the Cismontanes and that of the Ultramontanes. The students “had all the power … and dominated the masters”.
In Europe, young men proceeded to university when they had completed their study of the trivium–the preparatory arts of grammar, rhetoric and dialectic or logic–and the quadrivium: arithmetic, geometry, music, and astronomy. (See Degrees of the University of Oxford for the history of how the trivium and quadrivium developed in relation to degrees, especially in anglophone universities).
All over Europe rulers and city governments began to create universities to satisfy a European thirst for knowledge, and the belief that society would benefit from the scholarly expertise generated from these institutions. Princes and leaders of city governments perceived the potential benefits of having a scholarly expertise develop with the ability to address difficult problems and achieve desired ends. The emergence of humanism was essential to this understanding of the possible utility of universities as well as the revival of interest in knowledge gained from ancient Greek texts.
The rediscovery of Aristotle's works - more than 3000 pages of it would eventually be translated - fuelled a spirit of inquiry into natural processes that had already begun to emerge in the 12th century. Some scholars believe that these works represented one of the most important document discoveries in Western intellectual history. Richard Dales, for instance, calls the discovery of Aristotle's works “a turning point in the history of Western thought." After Aristotle re-emerged, a community of scholars, primarily communicating in Latin, accelerated the process and practice of attempting to reconcile the thoughts of Greek antiquity, and especially ideas related to understanding the natural world, with those of the church. The efforts of this “scholasticism” were focused on applying Aristotelian logic and thoughts about natural processes to biblical passages and attempting to prove the viability of those passages through reason. This became the primary mission of lecturers, and the expectation of students.
The university culture developed differently in northern Europe than it did in the south, although the northern (primarily Germany, France and Great Britain) and southern universities (primarily Italy) did have many elements in common. Latin was the language of the university, used for all texts, lectures, disputations and examinations. Professors lectured on the books of Aristotle for logic, natural philosophy, and metaphysics; while Hippocrates, Galen, and Avicenna were used for medicine. Outside of these commonalities, great differences separated north and south, primarily in subject matter. Italian universities focused on law and medicine, while the northern universities focused on the arts and theology. There were distinct differences in the quality of instruction in these areas which were congruent with their focus, so scholars would travel north or south based on their interests and means. There was also a difference in the types of degrees awarded at these universities. English, French and German universities usually awarded bachelor's degrees, with the exception of degrees in theology, for which the doctorate was more common. Italian universities awarded primarily doctorates. The distinction can be attributed to the intent of the degree holder after graduation – in the north the focus tended to be on acquiring teaching positions, while in the south students often went on to professional positions. The structure of Northern Universities tended to be modeled after the system of faculty governance developed at the University of Paris. Southern universities tended to be patterned after the student-controlled model begun at the University of Bologna.
Scholars like Arnold H. Green and Hossein Nasr have argued that starting in the 10th century, some medieval Islamic madrasahs became universities. George Makdisi and others, however, argue that the European university has no parallel in the medieval Islamic world. Courtenay et al. partially critique this view by stating similarities between madrasahs and southern European universities. Other scholars regard the university as uniquely European in origin and characteristics.
Many scholars (including Makdisi) have argued that early medieval universities were influenced by the religious madrasahs in Al-Andalus, the Emirate of Sicily, and the Middle East (during the Crusades). Other scholars see this argument as overstated.
Early modern universities.
During the Early Modern period (approximately late 1400s to 1800), the universities of Europe would see a tremendous amount of growth, productivity and innovative research. At the end of the Middle Ages, about 400 years after the first university was founded, there were twenty-nine universities spread throughout Europe. In the 15th century, twenty-eight new ones were created, with another eighteen added between 1500 and 1625. This pace continued until by the end of the 18th century there were approximately 143 universities in Europe and Eastern Europe, with the highest concentrations in the German Empire (34), Italian countries (26), France (25), and Spain (23) – this was close to a 500% increase over the number of universities toward the end of the Middle Ages. This number does not include the numerous universities that disappeared, or institutions that merged with other universities during this time. It should be noted that the identification of a university was not necessarily obvious during the Early Modern period, as the term is applied to a burgeoning number of institutions. In fact, the term “university” was not always used to designate a higher education institution. In Mediterranean countries, the term "studium generale" was still often used, while “Academy” was common in Northern European countries.
The propagation of universities was not necessarily a steady progression, as the seventeenth century was rife with events that adversely affected university expansion. Many wars, and especially the Thirty Years' War, disrupted the university landscape throughout Europe at different times. War, plague, famine, regicide, and changes in religious power and structure often adversely affected the societies that provided support for universities. Internal strife within the universities themselves, such as student brawling and absentee professors, acted to destabilize these institutions as well. Universities were also reluctant to give up older curricula, and the continued reliance on the works of Aristotle defied contemporary advancements in science and the arts. This era was also affected by the rise of the nation-state. As universities increasingly came under state control, or formed under the auspices of the state, the faculty governance model (begun by the University of Paris) became more and more prominent. Although the older student-controlled universities still existed, they slowly started to move toward this structural organization. Control of universities still tended to be independent, although university leadership was increasingly appointed by the state.
Although the structural model provided by the University of Paris, where student members are controlled by faculty “masters,” provided a standard for universities, the application of this model took at least three different forms. There were universities that had a system of faculties whose teaching was centralized around a very specific curriculum; this model tended to train specialists. There was a collegiate or tutorial model based on the system at University of Oxford where teaching and organization was decentralized and knowledge was more of a generalist nature. There were also universities that combined these models, using the collegiate model but having a centralized organization.
Early Modern universities initially continued the curriculum and research of the Middle Ages: natural philosophy, logic, medicine, theology, mathematics, astronomy (and astrology), law, grammar and rhetoric. Aristotle was prevalent throughout the curriculum, while medicine also depended on Galen and Arabic scholarship. The importance of humanism for changing this state-of-affairs cannot be underestimated. Once humanist professors joined the university faculty, they began to transform the study of grammar and rhetoric through the studia humanitatis. Humanist professors focused on the ability of students to write and speak with distinction, to translate and interpret classical texts, and to live honorable lives. Other scholars within the university were affected by the humanist approaches to learning and their linguistic expertise in relation to ancient texts, as well as the ideology that advocated the ultimate importance of those texts. Professors of medicine such as Niccolò Leoniceno, Thomas Linacre and William Cop were often trained in and taught from a humanist perspective as well as translated important ancient medical texts. The critical mindset imparted by humanism was imperative for changes in universities and scholarship. For instance, Andreas Vesalius was educated in a humanist fashion before producing a translation of Galen, whose ideas he verified through his own dissections. In law, Andreas Alciatus infused the "Corpus Juris" with a humanist perspective, while Jacques Cujas humanist writings were paramount to his reputation as a jurist. Philipp Melanchthon cited the works of Erasmus as a highly influential guide for connecting theology back to original texts, which was important for the reform at Protestant universities. Galileo Galilei, who taught at the Universities of Pisa and Padua, and Martin Luther, who taught at the University of Wittenberg (as did Melanchthon), also had humanist training. The task of the humanists was to slowly permeate the university; to increase the humanist presence in professorships and chairs, syllabi and textbooks so that published works would demonstrate the humanistic ideal of science and scholarship.
Although the initial focus of the humanist scholars in the university was the discovery, exposition and insertion of ancient texts and languages into the university, and the ideas of those texts into society generally, their influence was ultimately quite progressive. The emergence of classical texts brought new ideas and lead to a more creative university climate (as the notable list of scholars above attests to). A focus on knowledge coming from self, from the human, has a direct implication for new forms of scholarship and instruction, and was the foundation for what is commonly known as the humanities. This disposition toward knowledge manifested in not simply the translation and propagation of ancient texts, but also their adaptation and expansion. For instance, Vesalius was imperative for advocating the use of Galen, but he also invigorated this text with experimentation, disagreements and further research. The propagation of these texts, especially within the universities, was greatly aided by the emergence of the printing press and the beginning of the use of the vernacular, which allowed for the printing of relatively large texts at reasonable prices.
Examining the influence of humanism on scholars in medicine, mathematics, astronomy and physics may suggest that humanism and universities were a strong impetus for the scientific revolution. Although the connection between humanism and the scientific discovery may very well have begun within the confines of the university, the connection has been commonly perceived as having been severed by the changing nature of science during the scientific revolution. Historians such as Richard Westfall have argued that the overt traditionalism of universities inhibited attempts to re-conceptualize nature and knowledge and caused an indelible tension between universities and scientists. This resistance to changes in science may have been a significant factor in driving many scientists away from the university and toward private benefactors, usually in princely courts, and associations with newly forming scientific societies.
Other historians find incongruity in the proposition that the very place where the vast number of the scholars that influenced the scientific revolution received their education should also be the place that inhibits their research and the advancement of science. In fact, more than 80% of the European scientists between 1450-1650 included in the Dictionary of Scientific Biography were university trained, of which approximately 45% held university posts. It was the case that the academic foundations remaining from the Middle Ages were stable, and they did provide for an environment that fostered considerable growth and development. There was considerable reluctance on the part of universities to relinquish the symmetry and comprehensiveness provided by the Aristotelian system, which was effective as a coherent system for understanding and interpreting the world. However, university professors still utilized some autonomy, at least in the sciences, to choose epistemological foundations and methods. For instance, Melanchthon and his disciples at University of Wittenberg were instrumental for integrating Copernican mathematical constructs into astronomical debate and instruction. Another example was the short-lived but fairly rapid adoption of Cartesian epistemology and methodology in European universities, and the debates surrounding that adoption, which led to more mechanistic approaches to scientific problems as well as demonstrated an openness to change. There are many examples which belie the commonly perceived intransigence of universities. Although universities may have been slow to accept new sciences and methodologies as they emerged, when they did accept new ideas it helped to convey legitimacy and respectability, and supported the scientific changes through providing a stable environment for instruction and material resources.
Regardless of the way the tension between universities, individual scientists, and the scientific revolution itself is perceived, there was a discernible impact on the way that university education was constructed. Aristotelian epistemology provided a coherent framework not simply for knowledge and knowledge construction, but also for the training of scholars within the higher education setting. The creation of new scientific constructs during the scientific revolution, and the epistemological challenges that were inherent within this creation, initiated the idea of both the autonomy of science and the hierarchy of the disciplines. Instead of entering higher education to become a “general scholar” immersed in becoming proficient in the entire curriculum, there emerged a type of scholar that put science first and viewed it as a vocation in itself. The divergence between those focused on science and those still entrenched in the idea of a general scholar exacerbated the epistemological tensions that were already beginning to emerge.
The epistemological tensions between scientists and universities were also heightened by the economic realities of research during this time, as individual scientists, associations and universities were vying for limited resources. There was also competition from the formation of new colleges funded by private benefactors and designed to provide free education to the public, or established by local governments to provide a knowledge hungry populace with an alternative to traditional universities. Even when universities supported new scientific endeavors, and the university provided foundational training and authority for the research and conclusions, they could not compete with the resources available through private benefactors.
By the end of the early modern period, the structure and orientation of higher education had changed in ways that are eminently recognizable for the modern context. Aristotle was no longer a force providing the epistemological and methodological focus for universities and a more mechanistic orientation was emerging. The hierarchical place of theological knowledge had for the most part been displaced and the humanities had become a fixture, and a new openness was beginning to take hold in the construction and dissemination of knowledge that were to become imperative for the formation of the modern state.
Modern universities.
By the 18th century, universities published their own research journals and by the 19th century, the German and the French university models had arisen. The German, or Humboldtian model, was conceived by Wilhelm von Humboldt and based on Friedrich Schleiermacher’s liberal ideas pertaining to the importance of freedom, seminars, and laboratories in universities. The French university model involved strict discipline and control over every aspect of the university.
Until the 19th century, religion played a significant role in university curriculum; however, the role of religion in research universities decreased in the 19th century, and by the end of the 19th century, the German university model had spread around the world. Universities concentrated on science in the 19th and 20th centuries and became increasingly accessible to the masses. In Britain, the move from Industrial Revolution to modernity saw the arrival of new civic universities with an emphasis on science and engineering, a movement initiated in 1960 by Sir Keith Murray (chairman of the University Grants Committee) and Sir Samuel Curran, with the formation of the University of Strathclyde. The British also established universities worldwide, and higher education became available to the masses not only in Europe.
In 1963, the Robbins Report on universities in the United Kingdom concluded that such institutions should have four main "objectives essential to any properly balanced system: instruction in skills; the promotion of the general powers of the mind so as to produce not mere specialists but rather cultivated men and women; to maintain research in balance with teaching, since teaching should not be separated from the advancement of learning and the search for truth; and to transmit a common culture and common standards of citizenship."
National universities.
A national university is generally a university created or run by a national state but at the same time represents a state autonomic institution which functions as a completely independent body inside of the same state. Some national universities are closely associated with national cultural or political aspirations, for instance the National University of Ireland in the early days of Irish independence collected a large amount of information on the Irish language and Irish culture. Reforms in Argentina were the result of the University Revolution of 1918 and its posterior reforms by incorporating values that sought for a more equal and laic higher education system.
Intergovernmental universities.
Universities created by bilateral or multilateral treaties between states are intergovernmental. An example is the Academy of European Law, which offers training in European law to lawyers, judges, barristers, solicitors, in-house counsel and academics. EUCLID (Pôle Universitaire Euclide, Euclid University) is chartered as a university and umbrella organisation dedicated to sustainable development in signatory countries, and the United Nations University engages in efforts to resolve the pressing global problems that are of concern to the United Nations, its peoples and member states. The European University Institute, a post-graduate university specialised in the social sciences, is officially an intergovernmental organisation, set up by the member states of the European Union.
Organization.
Although each institution is organized differently, nearly all universities have a board of trustees; a president, chancellor, or rector; at least one vice president, vice-chancellor, or vice-rector; and deans of various divisions. Universities are generally divided into a number of academic departments, schools or faculties. Public university systems are ruled over by government-run higher education boards. They review financial requests and budget proposals and then allocate funds for each university in the system. They also approve new programs of instruction and cancel or make changes in existing programs. In addition, they plan for the further coordinated growth and development of the various institutions of higher education in the state or country. However, many public universities in the world have a considerable degree of financial, research and pedagogical autonomy. Private universities are privately funded and generally have broader independence from state policies. However, they may have less independence from business corporations depending on the source of their finances.
Universities around the world.
The funding and organization of universities varies widely between different countries around the world. In some countries universities are predominantly funded by the state, while in others funding may come from donors or from fees which students attending the university must pay. In some countries the vast majority of students attend university in their local town, while in other countries universities attract students from all over the world, and may provide university accommodation for their students.
Classification.
The definition of a university varies widely, even within some countries. 
There is no nationally standardized definition of the term in the United States, although the term has traditionally been used to designate research institutions and was once reserved for doctorate-granting research institutions. Some states, such as Massachusetts, will only grant a school "university status" if it grants at least two doctoral degrees. 
In the United Kingdom, the Privy Council is responsible for approving the use of the word "university" in the name of an institution, under the terms of the Further and Higher Education Act 1992. However, there is now an established alternative: consent given by the Department of Business Innovation and Skills (BIS) to the use of the word "university" in a company name - for example the BPP University (2013). 
In India, a new designation deemed universities has been created for high-performing universities, giving them additional autonomy. Through this provision many universities that are commercial in nature and have been established just to exploit the demand for higher education have sprung up.
Colloquial usage.
Colloquially, the term "university" may be used to describe a phase in one's life: "When I was at university..." (in the United States and Ireland, "college" is often used instead: "When I was in college..."; see the college article for further discussion). In Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain and the German-speaking countries "university" is often contracted to "uni". In New Zealand and in South Africa it is sometimes called "varsity" (although this has become uncommon in New Zealand in recent years). "Varsity" was also common usage in the UK in the 19th century.
Cost.
Many students look to get 'student grants' to cover the cost of university. In 2012, the average outstanding student loan balance per borrower in the United States was US$23,300. In many US states, costs are anticipated to rise for students as a result of decreased state funding given to public universities.
There are some big exceptions on tuition fees. In many European countries, it is possible to study without tuition fees. Public universities in Nordic countries were entirely without tuition fees until the latter part of the first decade of the 21st century. Denmark, Sweden and Finland then moved to put in place tuition fees for foreign students. But still, citizens of EU and EEA member states and citizens from Switzerland are exempted from tuition fees, and the amount of public grants granted to promising foreign students was increased to offset some of the impact.

</doc>
<doc id="19725280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725280" title="David Smick">
David Smick

David M. Smick is a financial market consultant and a non-fiction author. He is the Chairman and CEO of Johnson Smick International, an advisory firm in Washington, D.C. where he is in partnership with Manuel H. Johnson. He wrote an acclaimed book "The World Is Curved" on perils of globalization, in response to "The World Is Flat" bestseller by Thomas Friedman. The book received positive reviews by the "USA Today" and "Forbes", was called "astonishingly prescient" by David Brooks and "clairvoyant" by David Ignatius.
David Smick is the publisher and the founding editor of the quarterly magazine "International Economy". He also published widely, including "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal" and "The Washington Post".
According to a 2012 Washington Post column by Smick, the "globalization model" that has dominated economics in the late-20th century and early 21st century is "cracking up", with "no new model to replace it".

</doc>
<doc id="19725285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725285" title="List of United States standard crochet hook and knitting needle sizes">
List of United States standard crochet hook and knitting needle sizes

Accurate needle and hook sizing is important to knitting and crochet. Yet no uniform international standard exists for these tools.
The Craft Yarn Council of America, and industry trade association, has formulated standard crochet hook and knitting needle sizes in order to regularize domestic United States sizing for these tools. Its goal is to encourage consistent manufacture and labeling of crochet and knitting tools around metric measurements.
Crochet hook sizing is measured by the thickness of the tool's shaft. Traditionally, North American crafters have used a hook gauge to double check knitting needle and crochet hook sizing.

</doc>
<doc id="19725297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725297" title="Kate Ebli">
Kate Ebli

Kathleen M. "Kate" Ebli (October 15, 1958 – January 2, 2011) was a Michigan state representative from the 56th district, serving from 2006 until 2010. She was a Democrat, Catholic, and member of the National Rifle Association.
Education and experience.
Ebli received her Bachelor's degree in General Agriculture from Pennsylvania State University and her MBA from Oakland University in Michigan. She had a history as a local community advocate; as a businesswoman she worked for both Maclean Hunter and Comcast Cable Communications. Ebli served on the board for the River Raisin Center for the Arts, the Monroe Humane Society, and the Monroe YMCA. She belonged to the Veterans of Foreign Wars Ladies Auxiliary Post 1138 and St. Michael the Archangel Catholic Church.
Personal life.
She lived on a small farm in Frenchtown Township, Michigan, with her husband Nick, a retired United States Marine and Vietnam War veteran, and her daughter Tori, a college student.
Electoral history.
2008 Michigan State House Election for the 56th District
2006 Michigan State House Election for the 56th District

</doc>
<doc id="19725328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725328" title="Anton Arkhipov">
Anton Arkhipov

Anton Anatolyevich Arkhipov (; born 4 November 1985) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk.
Club career.
Arkhipov is a graduate of the Chertanovo Education Center.
Arkhipov joined Rotor Volgograd on 2 July 2013. In October 2013, Arkhipov was sacked by Rotor Volgograd for "appearing at work under the influence of alcohol." He made 18 appearances for Rotor and scored 3 goals.
Honours.
Khimki.
Russian First Division: 2006

</doc>
<doc id="19725334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725334" title="Union Hotel">
Union Hotel

Union Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19725344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725344" title="Main Street Historic District (New Hamburg, New York)">
Main Street Historic District (New Hamburg, New York)

The Main Street Historic District in New Hamburg, New York, United States is located along that street just west of the train station. Six buildings on a single acre (4,000 m²) are an intact remnant of the hamlet as it was developed in the middle of the 19th century, prior to the Hudson River Railroad's construction, which cut it in half.
Its contributing buildings, three houses and three commercial buildings, are made of brick and representative of vernacular applications of the then-popular Greek Revival and Gothic Revival styles. The neighborhood was recognized as a historic district and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It is the smallest in area of the 62 Main Street Historic Districts on the Register.
Buildings.
The district includes all the lots along the north side of Main between Railroad and Bridge streets. On the south side, a former church building converted into apartments at 12 Main Street is not included due to those modifications. All buildings save one on the remaining lots between Main and Bridge are considered contributing properties.
History.
New Hamburg began as a port community on the river, with ships loaded and unloaded along nearby Point Street and then taken to Poughkeepsie and Wappingers Falls via road. By the 1840s, most of the Point Street lots had been taken and newer residents were turning to Main Street, a few blocks inland. The house at 9A Main Street, built by John Lawson, a descendant of the area's first European settlers, is the earliest known to have been built in the current district.
In 1848 construction began on the Hudson River Railroad. An tunnel was built through a hillside north of town, and the work being done there triggered the development of Main Street as a commercial area. This continued after the tunnel was completed, since a passenger station and freight facilities were built for transshipment purposes. An 1858 map of the area shows four of the six houses already complete, and by 1876 another map shows all of them.
The railroad that had nurtured Main Street eventually caused its decline. In 1928, now part of the New York Central, the line was expanded from one track to two, and in the process Main Street's grade crossing was eliminated in favor of a new overpass called Bridge Street, one block to the north. Traffic to what little commercial activity remained at the riverfront simply followed the new street straight to it, turning Main into a short side street that remained important to the community only as the location of its general store.
After the Second World War, the railroad would itself decline, taking commercial activity along Main and in New Hamburg with it. The station was eventually closed, but later reopened as a commuter rail station by Metro-North Railroad, which eventually succeeded the New York Central (later the Penn Central and then Conrail) as the regional passenger operator on the line. Most of the buildings along Main were converted to primarily residential use.
Aesthetics.
The mid-century houses show the influence of the Greek Revival style still popular at the time of their construction. Their form is rectilinear; their interiors follow that style's central-hall format. The eyebrow windows are a further touch common to such buildings.
Later buildings show the rise of the Gothic Revival movement. The Central House's steeply-pitched front cross-gable is the most notable application, showing the sophistication of the Picturesque mode. It may have influenced the later additions in that style to some of the other buildings, most notably the Lawson House.

</doc>
<doc id="19725347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725347" title="Body of Lies (soundtrack)">
Body of Lies (soundtrack)

Body of Lies is the soundtrack of the film of the same name. It was released on October 14, 2008 by Varèse Sarabande. German-born film composer Marc Streitenfeld reunited with director Ridley Scott to score the film, marking his third score in a row and eighth consecutive music collaboration with Scott. 
Streitenfeld traveled to Morocco to collaborate with Scott for the spy film, which required a score to support its technological and political style. Streitenfeld used a 90-piece orchestra as well as woods and choir to create the score. Recording all the elements separately allowed Streitenfeld to have more command over the final sound mix.

</doc>
<doc id="19725364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725364" title="2010 Hockey World Cup">
2010 Hockey World Cup

2010 Field hockey World Cup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19725378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725378" title="Vasili Yanotovsky">
Vasili Yanotovsky

Vasili Grigoryevich Yanotovsky () (born January 2, 1976 in Pervomaysky, Chita Oblast) is a Russian footballer. He currently plays for Simurq PFC.

</doc>
<doc id="19725389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725389" title="Section 60">
Section 60

Section 60 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19725398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725398" title="ISO/IEC 27001 Lead Implementer">
ISO/IEC 27001 Lead Implementer

The ISO 27001 Lead Implementer certification consists of a professional certification for professionals specializing in information security management systems (ISMS) based on the ISO/IEC 27001 standard. This professional certification is intended for information security professionals wanting to understand the steps required to implement the ISO 27001 standard (as opposed to the ISO 27001 Lead Auditor certification which is intended for an auditor wanting to audit and certify a system to the ISO 27001 standard).
This certification is provided by numerous organizations. Among them, two of the major training organizations are BSI Group and Veridion. BSI's ISO 27001 Lead Implementer course is currently not certified by any personnel certification body. Veridion's ISO 27001 Lead Implementer course is certified by the Professional Evaluation and Certification Board, an international personnel certification body. The association of all national accreditation bodies is the International Personal Certification Association (IPCA).
Several other organizations offer non-certified ISO 27001 implementation courses, and a few organizations offer certified ISO 27001 implementation courses whose certification program is accredited upon the ISO/IEC 17024 standard.

</doc>
<doc id="19725412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725412" title="Francesco Novati">
Francesco Novati

Francesco Novati (Cremona, 1859 - Sanremo, 1915) was an Italian historian and philologist.
Novati taught in the University of Palermo and Genoa, and in 1890 he became a professor of history and comparative literature at the Regia Accademia Scientifico-Letteraria of Milan. In 1883, he founded the "Giornale Storico delle Letteratura Italiana" with Rodolfo Renier and Arturo Graf. He also collaborated with many other magazines and newspapers: "La Perseveranza", "Il Libro e la stampa", "La lettura", and "Il Corriere della Sera e l’Archivio Storico Lombardo", a publication of the Società Storica Lombarda which Novati joined in 1879, later to become adviser, vice president, and finally president in 1899. The library and archive of Novati letters were donated to the Biblioteca Braidense of Milan in 1916.
Among his works are "Il Repertorio diplomatico Visconteo", "Flos duellatorum: Il Fior di battaglia di maestro Fiore dei Liberi da Premariacco", and Peter and Alessandro Verri's edition of "Il Carteggio".

</doc>
<doc id="19725447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725447" title="Leland Ryken">
Leland Ryken

Leland Ryken, is a professor of English at Wheaton College in Wheaton, Illinois. He has contributed a number of works to the study of classic literature from the Christian perspective, including editing the comprehensive volume on Christian writing on literature "The Christian Imagination". He was the literary stylist for the English Standard Version of the Bible, published by Crossway Bibles in 2001. He is the author of "How to Read the Bible as Literature" and "Words of Delight: A Literary Introduction to the Bible", as well as co-editor of "Ryken's Bible Handbook" and the "ESV Literary Study Bible" (with his son, Philip Ryken). He was the literary content contributor to the "ESV Study Bible", released in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19725458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725458" title="The Doctor (Beenie Man album)">
The Doctor (Beenie Man album)

The Doctor is the tenth studio album by Jamaican deejay Beenie Man, released in 1999 (see 1999 in music) by VP Records. The album features some of Beenie Man's most well known songs, such as ""Bookshelf"", ""Tell Me (Remix)"", and ""Battery Dolly"" among others. While not as commercially successful as his experimental previous album "Many Moods of Moses", the album received high praises from fans and critics for a return to a more traditional dancehall sound. It is his eleventh studio album release.

</doc>
<doc id="19725482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725482" title="Viktor Stroyev">
Viktor Stroyev

Viktor Viktorovich Stroyev (, born January 16, 1987) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Fakel Voronezh.

</doc>
<doc id="19725517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725517" title="Hyde Park Congregational Church (Los Angeles, California)">
Hyde Park Congregational Church (Los Angeles, California)

Hyde Park Congregational Church is a church in the Hyde Park section of Los Angeles. The original wooden church with two front-corner towers was declared a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 1963. Despite the designation, the church was demolished in 1964. 

</doc>
<doc id="19725545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725545" title="Ewan Porter">
Ewan Porter

Ewan Porter (born 4 July 1982) is an Australian professional golfer who currently plays on the Nationwide Tour. 
Porter was born in Sydney. He turned professional in 2002 and played on the PGA Tour of Australasia. He played on the Nationwide Tour in 2005 and 2008. He has two wins, the 2008 Moonah Classic and the 2010 South Georgia Classic
Results in major championships.
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tie<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="19725546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725546" title="Shout NY">
Shout NY

Shout NY was a thought and culture magazine that covered New York arts, music, film and politics from 1998 through 2003. In its early days (1998–2000), it was fairly obscure and predominantly focused on New York City nightlife. Re-launched in 2000, it developed a cult following as one of a few periodicals of record for the burgeoning scene on the lower east side of Manhattan and the eastern neighborhoods of Brooklyn, including Williamsburg and Greenpoint. It published work by rising stars JT LeRoy, Jerry Stahl, Emma Forrest, Jonathan Lethem, Gary Shteyngart and Reverend Jen, and was featured in the 2001 edition of the Best American Non-Required Reading series. Future Gawker editor Jesse Oxfeld was also an early contributor. "Shout NY" was the first magazine to feature the band The Strokes on the cover and was an early promoter of New York staples like the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and The Rapture. The magazine hosted frequent popular parties in New York and Brooklyn, before it closed its doors in early 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19725554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725554" title="Aleksandar Mladenov">
Aleksandar Mladenov

Aleksandar Stoychev Mladenov () (born 25 June 1982 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder. He is the son of Stoycho Mladenov.
Career.
He had previously played in Germany for Hertha BSC and Karlsruher SC and in Russia for Tom Tomsk and Krasnodar.

</doc>
<doc id="19725561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725561" title="Frank R. Strayer">
Frank R. Strayer

Frank R. Strayer (September 21, 1891 – February 3, 1964) was an actor, film writer, director and producer. He was active from the mid-1920s until the early 1950s.
Biography.
Strayer attended Carnegie Tech and then the Pennsylvania Military Academy. After graduation, he served in the Navy during World War I. After the War, he found work at Metro Studios, which would later become known as MGM. While there, he worked as an assistant director and also acted in a few films. During the 1920s, he moved on to Columbia Pictures. While there, he became a successful writer, director and producer.
Filmography.
Director Credit.
Frank Strayer is credited with having directed 86 films. These include 13 movies in a series based on the Blondie and Dagwood comic strip, dramas such as "Manhattan Tower" (1931), starring Mary Brian and James Hall, and several horror films, including "The Monster Walks" (1932).

</doc>
<doc id="19725584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725584" title="Sergei Kabanov">
Sergei Kabanov

Sergei Borisovich Kabanov (; born March 15, 1986) is a Russian footballer who currently plays for FC Zenit Penza. He is the younger brother of Maksim Kabanov.

</doc>
<doc id="19725600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725600" title="Donald Braswell II">
Donald Braswell II

Donald Braswell II (born February 22, 1963) is an American actor, classical crossover tenor and composer. Braswell was on a fast track to become an internationally acclaimed opera singer when he suffered a car accident in 1995 that made him unable to speak for almost two years. After that, he had lived a quiet life outside of the spotlight until his appearance on the 2008 season of "America's Got Talent" where he was a Top 5 finalist, which gave him another chance at a career in entertainment. Since then, he has entertained audiences both internationally as well as shore to shore in the United States in concerts, television appearances, inspirational speaking and radio. He has a fan club with fans from over 25 countries.
Braswell has reentered the world of symphonic music by singing in pops concerts starting with the Symphony of the Hills in Kerrville, Texas in June 2009. He performs a variety of musical genres ranging from pure classical repertoire to soul to mainstream pop. He engages people of many cultures by singing in various languages outside of English, including Spanish, Italian, Neapolitan, French and Russian. His concerts are generally multilingual, and he has performed pieces that are themselves in more than one language. Some of these include: Mario Frangoulis's bilingual version of "Nights in White Satin" (Italian title "Notte di luce"), originally by The Moody Blues; and Andrea Bocelli's "The Prayer" and "Vivere" (English title "Dare to Live"). His other non-English repertoire includes Agustín Lara's "Rosa" (Spanish), Mario Frangoulis's "Vincerò, perderò" (Italian) and the Neapolitan standard "O sole mio". Some of his many compositions can be heard on his album "We Fall and We Rise Again".
In June 2012, he relaunched his career to musical theater with playing the lead role in the musical "The Centurion".
Early life and education.
Upon graduation from Boerne High School and a summer working at Six Flags, Braswell attended Tyler Junior College from 1981 to 1982 and the University of Texas at San Antonio from 1982 to 1983. His love of acting drove him to New York City during 1983 and 1984 to study at Lee Strasberg and the HB Studios and take private voice lessons from Marni Nixon, who provided the singing voice for people such as Deborah Kerr in the "The King and I" and Natalie Wood in "West Side Story".
Even the pull of Broadway in New York City couldn't compete with the real passion in Braswell's life, Julie Clayburne. He moved back to Boerne to be with her, where he worked at the allegedly haunted Ye Kendall Inn from 1984 to 1986 as a singing waiter and boasted making the best table-side Steak Diane. Having met at age 11 and been in love since 15, Clayburne and Braswell were married on May 25, 1985. She persuaded him to apply to the Juilliard School in New York City. He did it only to humor her; however, he was not only accepted but also awarded the prestigious Enrico Caruso scholarship. His audition was in the spring of 1986, and he enrolled in the fall that year. There he began his professional training as an operatic tenor under the tutelage of Enrico Di Giuseppe. He graduated four years later in 1990.
Early career.
After graduating Juilliard, he studied under Franco Bertacci, who is now Artistic Director of the Lyric Orchestra in Florida. Of Bertacci, Braswell says he was "the teacher that I give most credit to for the development of my voice." Donald was selected as one of the winners of the Liederkranz Foundation Vocal Competition and he performed at Alice Tully Hall in Lincoln Center.
He also received a grant from the Puccini Foundation (now The Licia Albanese-Puccini Foundation) where he was a sponsored artist of Mm. Licia Albanese and the Primo Tenore Franco Corelli enabling Donald to perform at the Grand Ballroom of the Plaza Hotel. He studied with "Prince of Tenors", Corelli, in NYC. He recalls that Corelli showed his students how music creates itself from within a singer.
First Columbia Artist Management and then Herber Barrett Management managed his professional engagements. During his career as a professional operatic tenor, he played many leading roles around the world, including roles such as Arturo in "La Straniera" by Bellini, Rinuccio in "Gianni Schicchi" by Puccini, Luigi in "Il tabarro" by Puccini, Pinkerton in "Madame Butterfly" by Puccini, Turiddu from "Cavalleria rusticana" by Mascagni, Cavaradossi in "Tosca" by Puccini, Romeo in "Roméo et Juliette" by Gounod, Rodolfo in "La Bohème" by Puccini, Il Duca in "Rigoletto" by Verdi, Edgardo in "Lucia Di Lammermoor" by Donizetti, Lancelot in "Le Roi Arthus" by Chauson, Fritz in "L'amico Fritz" by Mascagni, Faust in "Faust" by Gounod, Don José in "Carmen" by Bizet, Alfredo in "La traviata" by Verdi, Tamino in "The Magic Flute" by Mozart, Andrea Chénier in "Andrea Chénier" by Giordano and Nemorino in "L'elisir d'amore" by Donizetti.
These performances took him to leading operatic theatres around the world. He was regarded as a very successful artist, earning praise from the "Annuario dell'opera lirica in Italia", an annual Italian opera journal.
Donald was also a regular featured guest artist of Stephan Zucker's late night radio program in New York.
Car accident and aftermath.
's operatic career ended abruptly in the fall of 1995. While performing with the Welsh National Opera in their tour of "Madama Butterfly" in Wales, Braswell was struck by a car while riding a bicycle, which resulted in injuries to the soft tissue in his throat. He was told by medical professionals that he would never sing again and possibly would have difficulty ever speaking normally. He was unable to speak for a long period of time.
When he was once again able to make sounds, Braswell began using the Bertacci vocal techniques and other training that he had learned, working to regain the use of his speaking voice and eventually his singing voice as well. As his voice strengthened, his church encouraged him to sing there, and later he began testing his returning vocals with local community productions.
Braswell defied predictions and began to sing again in the year 2000 with a debut with the San Antonio Symphony. He earned the lead role of Lancelot in the cast of "Camelot" in the Majestic Theatre for the symphony's Pop Series. The next year he had the lead in "Kismet" with the symphony again. He performed with the San Antonio Three Tenors in small shows in shopping malls and elsewhere when they needed a replacement singer. It was at one of these that a fan persuaded Braswell to make a CD, which was subsequently released in 2007 with the title "New Chapter". Braswell has also appeared in "The Life of David Gale", "Resurrection", "As the World Turns", "One Life to Live" and "Miss Congeniality". In "Miss Congeniality", he played the dermatologist of Gracie Hart; however, the scene was cut from the final production to trim the length of the movie.
All of these performances were extracurricular activities for Braswell while he held down full-time jobs in insurance sales, car sales, and swimming-pool design to support his growing family. His first daughter was born two years after the accident, and two more daughters came in the years during his recovery.
"America's Got Talent".
Overview.
In 2007, unbeknown to him, Braswell's wife submitted an audition tape to NBC's "America's Got Talent". In September of that year, Braswell received a call from the show's producers for a live audition. Having endured years of believing he would never sing again, he suddenly had the possibility of giving his three daughters a glimpse of their father performing once more on a professional stage with all the lights and cameras he had experienced in his early career. During the preliminaries, he performed "You Raise Me Up" by Rolf Løvland and Brendan Graham. Initially, the audience was hostile, collectively shouting to get him off the stage. During the second refrain of the song, however, Braswell was able to turn the audience's reaction around and when he finished, the audience gave him a standing ovation, even chanting "Vegas!" in unison, expressing their support for his advancement to the next round in Las Vegas.
In Las Vegas, he sang "Lost" by Michael Bublé and he was eliminated by the judges, keeping him from joining the Top 40. The day before this first audition aired, Braswell appeared on the "Today Show" where he gave an interview about his past and how he came to audition for "America's Got Talent". At that point he had already been cast out of the show, which the audience didn't know, making it a surreal interview. However, when the Russian Bar Trio suffered an injury and had to withdraw from the competition, the judges chose eight of the eliminated acts for a chance to become the wildcard act. Viewers then voted for their favorite act, thus bringing Braswell back into the competition.
Upon returning to the competition, he continued to advance every week until he won a spot in the Top 5. There, he once again performed his original audition piece, "You Raise Me Up." One week later, he won fourth place. Before the final places were announced, pre-recorded videos were shown of various celebrities' support for their favorite acts. In these videos, Andrew Lloyd Webber congratulated Braswell on his performance of Lloyd Webber's composition "The Music of the Night" from "The Phantom of the Opera" and stated that he would love to work with Braswell some day. On October 17, 2008, Braswell joined the Top 10 finalists from "America's Got Talent" to perform at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. There, he did another rendition of "You Raise Me Up" and stepped out of his previous genres into the vocally challenging standard, "Unchained Melody", which he dedicated and sang to his wife who was in the audience.
Current career.
Braswell has stated that he hopes to use his talent to help others. His desire is to use his story to inspire people, as when he appeared on the inspirational radio show "Achieving the Extraordinary" with Ron Graves. He has performed at many charity events and has even put on concerts with the sole purpose of raising funds for those in need. In 2009, for example, he and his family participated in four concerts with San Antonio Metropolitan Ministries (SAMMinistries), proceeds of which went to benefit the homeless of San Antonio. At the first of these concerts in January, he introduced his original composition "Look at Me", written during the time that he could not speak. He would eventually dedicate the song to people with other struggles, with hopes that the words can help them as well. See his events calendar for more information on his other recent appearances. In 2012, Braswell was cast as the lead role (Cornelius the Centurion)for the original musical theater project, The Centurion: The Musical. As of 2012, he is working on his fourth album, which will include Crossover Christian songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19725638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725638" title="Yvette Lu">
Yvette Lu

Yvette Lu, M.D. is a Canadian independent film and stage actress, filmmaker, singer, composer, writer and producer, as well as a licensed family physician. Based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, Lu has starred in many independent films, most notably "Food for the Gods" and "Servants of War". She is best known for her starring role as “Sheenyana” in the 2007 short film "Food for the Gods". She co-composed the film’s musical score and is the lead singer on its soundtrack. Lu has starred or held major roles in various stage productions, including "The Tempest", "A Midsummer Night's Dream", and "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat". In addition to her University of British Columbia medical degree, Lu has training in acting and music from UBC, Circle in the Square Theatre School in New York, Vancouver’s Schoolcreative, and the Royal Conservatory of Music (Canada).
Lu was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, after her parents immigrated to Canada from Hong Kong. She is fluent in English and Cantonese. In "Servants of War", a Cantonese/Japanese language film with English subtitles, Lu stars as Jei, a young woman oppressed by the World War II Japanese occupation of China. "Servants of War" and "Food for the Gods" were both Official Selections of the 12th Annual Vancouver Asian Film Festival, November 6–9, 2008. "Food for the Gods" previously aired on Shaw Multicultural Channel as part of the cable network's salute to Canada's Asian Heritage Month in May, 2008. It also screened at the Vancouver International Film Centre, the New Asia Film Festival, and the Route 66 Film Festival.
On Thursday, September 18, 2008, Lu appeared with her "Food for the Gods" co-star Danny Dorosh on the front cover of "A&E," a weekly arts and entertainment section of The State Journal-Register of Springfield, Illinois. The photo is a production still of their FFTG characters, Sheenyana and Lt. Richard O'Conner, locked in passionate embrace. On June 5, 2010, Lu was featured in a Canadian edition of the Hong Kong-based Chinese language "Ming Pao" newspaper, in a four page feature ariticle, (title translated form Chinese) "Doctor Who Acts vs. Actor Who Doctors."
In 2009, Lu starred in a series of government produced children's videos encouraging children and parents to use proper hygiene and immunize against disease. The series is titled "" and currently appears on British Columbia's official "Immunize BC" website.
As an independent filmmaker, Lu has since co-written and co-directed two short comedies, "Baby Donut" and "Murder at the Orient Street Express." In both films, she also co-starred with fellow "FFTG" alum, Yuki Morita. Both films premiered at MAMM Fest 2008 and 2009, respectively. In 2010, Lu reprised her most known starring role as "Sheenyana" in two short sequels to "Food for the Gods," titled and , serving as "teasers" to a possible TV pilot and/or series based on the property in the future. Lu also served as a producer on the projects. Both sci-fi films will be released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19725642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725642" title="Roger Knox">
Roger Knox

Roger Knox is an Australian country singer, known as the Black Elvis and the Koori King of Country. He is an Gamilaroi man (a group of Indigenous Australians), was born in Moree and grew up in the Toomelah Aboriginal Mission near Boggabilla, near the border between New South Wales and Queensland.
Knox is famous and loved for his regular tours of the New South Wales and Queensland prison systems, where many Aboriginal men and women are incarcerated.
In 1980s, Knox was in a plane crash that killed his drummer Ken Ramsay. Knox was badly burnt and became addicted to painkillers before one of his Elders got him onto a traditional bush remedy in the form of a natural bath oil made from the Euraba bush. That bush and the settlement on which his father was born were inspirations for the name of his band, the Euraba Band.
Knox was given the Jimmy Little Award for Lifetime Achievement in Aboriginal and Torres Strait Music at the 2006 Deadlys.
Knox was scheduled to perform at the Old Town School of Folk Music in Chicago, Illinois on October 10, 2009 with Jon Langford and the Pine Valley Cosmonauts. However, his US visa was denied a week before the show and Knox did not make the trip. The tour with Langford finally occurred in 2012.
On February 12, 2013, Knox along with the Pine Valley Cosmonauts, released his first album in nine years, "Stranger In My Land" on Bloodshot Records. The album was produced by Langford and included guest contributions from Bonnie 'Prince' Billy, Charlie Louvin, Dave Alvin (X, The Blasters), Kelly Hogan, Langford, Andre Williams, the Sadies, Sally Timms (Mekons), and Tawny Newsome.

</doc>
<doc id="19725649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725649" title="Artyom Rebrov">
Artyom Rebrov

Artyom Gennadyevich Rebrov (, born 4 March 1984) is a Russian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Spartak Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="19725658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725658" title="Happy Computers">
Happy Computers

Happy Computers (HCI) was a small company producing disk drive enhancements for the Atari 8-bit and Atari ST computer families. Happy Computers is most noted for the add-in boards for the Atari 810 and Atari 1050 disk drives, which achieved a tremendous speed improvement for reading and writing, and for the ability to "back up" floppies. Happy's products were among the most popular Atari computer add-ons. They are still in use and active in the aftermarket today.
History.
Happy Computers was formed in 1982 by Richard Adams under the name Happy Computing. At that time, the 810 Happy was hand wired on the internal side board. The name was changed to Happy Computers or HCI in 1983 when the company went from a sole proprietorship to a corporation.
HCI stopped shipping these products in 1990, and since then many other Atari Enthusiasts have reverse engineered and replicated the products because they were so popular and fun.
By 1986 software companies began producing fewer titles for the Atari than for the Apple II series or Commodore 64. They attributed this to their belief that an unusually high amount of software piracy existed on the Atari, and cited Happy Drive as a major cause of the piracy.
Atari 8-bit products.
This was the first product released in 1982. The customer sent in either their 810 drive or the internal sideboard, and the upgrade was wired in. This consisted of a few extra logic chips, a different eprom and point to point wiring.
In addition to the buffered reading and writing with zero latency and faster serial i/o, it made backups of floppies.
This version of the 810 Happy board was a plug-in board with a better data separator and used sockets already in place on the 810 internal board without the need for any soldering or permanent modification.
In addition to the buffered reading and writing with zero latency and faster serial i/o, it made backups of floppies.
After the 810, Atari released the more reliable, enhanced density (130 KB) 1050 drive.
In addition to the extra storage, the serial I/O could be cranked up a notch even faster than the 810 Happy product by the faster speed of the 1050s 6502 processor.
The 1050 Enhancement was also a plug-in board, and could be installed without soldering or permanent modification.
In addition to the buffered reading and writing with zero latency and faster serial i/o, it supported true double density (180 KB). Additionally, it made backups of floppies. It is to be noted that Atari 1050 drives stopped production more than 20 years ago, and Happy Computers stopped selling products about 18 years ago. In spite of this, the popularity of Happy Computer's products continues and is still being reviewed in 2008.
Developers are still writing new software to support Happy Drives. For example, linux drivers.
The 1050 Controller was a small board that was installed inside the 1050 Happy drive that had 2 switches and an led that allowed enabling or disabling disk write-protect to override the notch in the disk. It also allowed switch selection of a slower mode to provide compatibility with some picky programs. Some commercial software only ran in the original slow speed mode. The controller required a mechanical modification to the drive's enclosure and hence its installation was harder that the happy board.
The software that came with the Happy boards had many options.
This program was included with the Warp Speed Software. It allowed transferring files back and forth between an Atari and an IBM disk using a Happy enhanced 1050 drive. Because the 1050 was a single sided drive with only one head, the disk had to be formatted as SS (180K). The IBM disk could even be formatted on the 1050 drive.
Atari 16-bit products.
The Discovery Cartridge was a device that plugged into the cartridge slot of the Atari ST Computer.
It backed up floppies and had connectors to allow a 3rd and 4th drive to be hooked up. The original ST computer only allowed for two floppy drives, and the extra drives were handy.
There were 4 different options available. Options included a pass through for another cartridge, a switch to bank select larger cartridges, and a switch to select/deselect the extra drives. There was also a battery backed up Time of Day clock option in the Discovery Cartridge, a significant oversight the Atari ST lacked in the stock configuration.
The power of the "HART" chip (Happy Atari Rotating Thing), designed by Richard Adams, allowed standard Atari drives to read the unusual Macintosh variable speed disks without needing a variable speed drive. The disks were then re-written in a standard "constant speed" 3.5 inch compatible format called Magic format. This allowed using the various Mac emulator products that would run most efficiently with Magic format disks. At least one of the Macintosh emulators also had a circuit to read Mac disks, but could make the emulations slower and less reliable. It was faster and more efficient to convert Mac disks to Magic format first.
The HART chip also allowed copying conventional ST disks much faster. The computer floppy controller required two passes per track, three with verification. The HART chip could format and write in the same pass, saving one pass per track.
This was a smaller version of The Discovery Cartridge that plugged into the Atari ST cartridge slot and had a cable for 1 drive that allowed converting Mac disks.

</doc>
<doc id="19725665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725665" title="Achalarus lyciades">
Achalarus lyciades

Description.
The wingspan of the Hoary Edge is between 4.5 and 4.9 cm long. This particular butterfly is very similar in appearance to the "Epargyreus clarus" but is smaller and has a longer strip of diffused silver on its wing.
Distribution.
The Hoary Edge can be seen throughout the eastern United States in open woodlands, deciduous mixed forest and sandy areas.
Life cycle.
There are two broods are year between April and September.

</doc>
<doc id="19725667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725667" title="Birthplace of Adlai E. Stevenson II">
Birthplace of Adlai E. Stevenson II

Birthplace of Adlai E. Stevenson II is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (No. 35) in the West Adams section of Los Angeles. The site was the birthplace of two-time US Presidential candidate Adlai E. Stevenson II, who was born there on February 5, 1900. The house was designed by C.W. Wedgewood and built in approximately 1894. When Stevenson died in 1965, the site was declared a Historic-Cultural Monument.

</doc>
<doc id="19725695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725695" title="Amon Tobin discography">
Amon Tobin discography

This is the discography (albums, EPs, singles, and remixes) released by Amon Tobin under his own name, under the name Cujo, and in collaboration with other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19725701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725701" title="Phyllorhinichthys">
Phyllorhinichthys

Phyllorhinichthys is a genus of dreamers. Like other oneirodids, they are small, bathypelagic fish with bioluminescent lures. "Phyllorhinichthys" is unique amongst the deep-sea anglerfish in having a pair of fleshy, leaf-like structures on its snout.
Species.
There are currently two recognized species in this genus: 
Distribution and habitat.
"P. micractis" has been collected from all three major oceans from a maximum depth of 3500 meters, ranging from near Newfoundland and Bermuda in the Atlantic Ocean, to the Horn of Africa in the Indian Ocean, to Japan and the Line Islands in the Pacific Ocean. "P. balushkini" has only been collected in the Atlantic Ocean, ranging from the north to the tropics from a maximum depth of 3200 meters.
Description.
Adult female "Phyllorhinichthys" have a short, somewhat globulose body, entirely dark brown to black in color. In smaller specimens (8.8-18.3 mm), there is a distinct band of melanophores on the caudal peduncle. The mouth is small and oblique, with slender, depressible teeth; the teeth are slightly larger but fewer in the lower jaw. The illicium ("fishing rod") is short; the escal bulb ("lure") is internally pigmented on the upper half and unpigmented on the lower, and bears internally pigmented appendages with silvery tips. The most distinctive feature of the genus are a pair of translucent leaf-like flaps on the snout, forward of the eyes and flanking the esca. Each flap has a central opaque nerve fiber running from the base to the tip. In some specimens, there is another, smaller pair of similar flaps placed above the main pair. Males and larvae have yet to be encountered.
The two species of "Phyllorhinichthys" are differentiated by the length of the illicium and details of the esca.

</doc>
<doc id="19725708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725708" title="Phyllorhinichthys balushkini">
Phyllorhinichthys balushkini

Phyllorhinichthys balushkini is a species of dreamer found in the Atlantic Ocean. The females of this species grow to a length of SL. The illicium is longer than that of "P. micractis". The esca bears a single forward appendage containing a pair of internal light-guiding tubes that diverge from each other at the tip. The rear escal appendage is extremely long, measuring over half the length of the fish, covered with dark skin and ending in a pair of translucent bulbs. The snout flaps are relatively small.

</doc>
<doc id="19725710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725710" title="Phyllorhinichthys micractis">
Phyllorhinichthys micractis

Phyllorhinichthys micractis is a species of dreamer that has been recorded from the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans. The females of this species grow to a length of SL. The illicium is shorter than that of "P. balushkini". The esca has two forward appendages at the tip and the rear appendage is much shorter and stouter than that of "P. balushkini". The available specimens vary in the number and presence of additional appendages and filaments. The size of the snout flaps are also highly variable.

</doc>
<doc id="19725712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725712" title="2008 Orakzai bombing">
2008 Orakzai bombing

The 10 October 2008 Orakzai bombing occurred when a suicide bomber drove and detonated a pick-up truck packed with 300 kg of explosives into a meeting of 600 people, killing 40 instantly and injuring 81, although the toll later rose to 110 as many died in hospitals. The attack occurred in a remote region where the injured could not get medical attention for several hours.
The attack was preceded by a row between Taliban militants and local Shia tribesmen. Angry tribesmen clashed with the Taliban the day before and destroyed the homes of militants in the area. At the time of the attack, the Ali Khel tribesmen had gathered to discuss ways to evict the Taliban from the region.
Background.
On 28 September, the Taliban had asked the Ali Khel tribe, the biggest and the most influential tribe in the area, and its sub-clans to leave the region because they belonged to the minority Shia community. The tribesmen initially left, although a political agent summoned a grand jirga of all 18 tribes of the Orakzai Agency on 30 September to clear the area of the Taliban by a lashkar, or local militia. The Ali Khel tribe then returned to the area where they held a jirga on 7 October to take collective action against the Taliban along with representatives of the Ahle Sunnat Wal Jamaat, which is another name for Sipah-e-Sahaba Pakistan. On 10 October, the tribesmen gathered at Khadizai village to destroy the local Taliban headquarters and homes of people sheltering the militants.

</doc>
<doc id="19725717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725717" title="Charlie Owen (musician)">
Charlie Owen (musician)

Charlie Owen is an Australian guitar player who lives in St Kilda Melbourne Australia. He is a member of Tex, Don and Charlie, The Beasts of Bourbon, Tex Perkins and The Dark Horses, Large Number 12s, Maurice Frawley and The Working Class Ringos, Tendrils, the Divinyls and Tex Perkins and his Ladyboyz and was previously a member of Ninja Skill, Charlie Owen Quintet, Tango Bravo, The New Christs, Paris Green, Louis Tillett and His Cast of Aspersions and Catfish.
Owen has produced albums by The Plunderers, Louis Tillett, Louis Tillett and Charlie Owen, Tex Perkins and Penny Ikinger and has contributed as a session player on albums by many artists including Tony Buck, Kim Salmon and the Surrealists, Robert Forster, Spencer P. Jones, The Cruel Sea, Steve Prestwich, Conway Savage and Don Walker. In June 1993 Owen, Chris Wilson, and three former members of The Triffids: David McComb, Robert McComb and Graham Lee guested on Acuff's Rose's debut studio album, "Never Comin' Down". In 2010, Owen worked on Maurice Frawley's tribute album with Paul Kelly.
Australian Guitar magazine rated Owen as one of Australia's greatest guitarists.
Discography.
Charlie Owen.
"Turn the Light On"

</doc>
<doc id="19725718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725718" title="Brage Prize">
Brage Prize

The Brage Prize (Norwegian: "Brageprisen") is a Norwegian literature prize that is awarded annually by the Norwegian Book Prize foundation ("Den norske bokprisen"). The prize recognizes recently published Norwegian literature. 
The Brage Prize has been awarded each fall since 1992 for the following categories: 
In addition to these classes, during the first several years the prize was also awarded in the following categories: 
The Brage Prize is considered to be one of the most prestigious literature prizes awarded in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19725724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725724" title="Liputan 6">
Liputan 6

Liputan 6 ("The 6 Report") is a television news program that broadcasts on the Indonesian TV station SCTV. Its slogan is "Aktual, Tajam, Terpercaya" (Actual, Sharp, Trusted). Its first broadcast was in May 1996.
Programs.
The show has been broadcast at varying times during the day, although "6" appeared in the title of all shows.
Portal news.
Liputan 6 also have online news portal. The news portal was originally launched on August 24, 2000 to concide with the channel's 10th anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="19725729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725729" title="Munglinup, Western Australia">
Munglinup, Western Australia

Munglinup is a small town located in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
The town is located along the South Coast Highway between Ravensthorpe and Esperance and close to the Munglinup River.
The word Munglinup is Indigenous Australian in origin and of unknown meaning. The name first appears on maps made by early settlers in 1868.
The region was first opened up for farming in the late 1950s and by the early 1960s the community asked for a townsite between Esperance and Ravensthorpe to be considered. The townsite was surveyed in 1961 and gazetted in 1962.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.

</doc>
<doc id="19725733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725733" title="Lake Buluan">
Lake Buluan

Lake Buluan is a lake located in the island of Mindanao, Philippines. With an estimated surface area of 61.34 square kilometers, it is the third largest lake in Mindanao, after Lake Lanao and Lake Mainit. It has an average elevation of 4.5 meters.
The lake is sandwiched between the provinces of Maguindanao and Sultan Kudarat. The lake falls under the political jurisdiction of the municipalities of Buluan of Maguindanao and President Quirino and Lutayan in Sultan Kudarat.
The lake actually consists of adjoining marshy basins of the Pulangi, Maanoy, Buluan, Alah rivers, which are all tributaries of the Mindanao River.
Species of Fish.
The following species of fishes are found in the lake:
Environmental Concerns.
Mining operations in the nearby provinces of South Cotabato and Davao del Sur as well as Sultan Kudarat poses a threat to the lake habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="19725740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725740" title="Loreto Convent, Tara Hall, Shimla">
Loreto Convent, Tara Hall, Shimla

Tara Hall is an English-medium high school located in Shimla, Himachal Pradesh, India. The school is run by the Loreto Education Society.It is one of the best schools in Shimla.
Loreto Convent, Tara Hall belongs to the worldwide family of the Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary, also known as Loreto, which was founded by an English woman named Mary Ward, away back in the 16th century. Loreto Sisters and the Loreto Associates are involved in various ministries in every 
continent, carrying forward Mary Ward’s vision who saw Integrity, Justice, Freedom and Love as essential qualities for any person. She desired that women in particular find their rightful place 
in the world and society in which they live, becoming people of reflection and discernment in making choices, and learning to "refer all things to God". Developing sincere and right relationships was central to her way. Mary Ward also emphasised the need for deep joy, or ‘felicity’.
Loreto Convent, Tara Hall, Shimla is one of 15 Loreto schools in India. It is an English medium high school for girls, managed by the Simla Loreto Educational Society. The school is a day school, affiliated to the CBSE Board, Delhi and has classes from Nursery to Class XII. Till a 2010 the school was affiliated to the ICSE Board.
The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) boards of Delhi. It is one of the best convent schools in Shimla.
The school has about 50 staff members with more than 1000 students.Tara Hall,an intrinsic part of the town’s heritage, gets it name from a building of the same name in Ireland.
The school is divided into two wings: Junior School and Senior School. The school campus is one of the largest in Shimla and comprises two large buildings and more than four playgrounds.
The Loreto Sisters came to Shimla in 1892 with a view to provide good quality education for girls in the hills. After purchasing the twin properties of Tara Hall and Bellevue, the Loreto Sisters established themselves on the present site on 30.11.1895. Soon after, to cater to the needs of the underprivileged St. Joseph’s School was opened in the vicinity. In 1904, Tara Hall and St. Joseph’s were amalgamated. In 1946, the Day School at Willows Bank on the Mall, known as Loreto Chalet Day was opened. Darbhanga House was procured from the Maharaja of Darbhanga in March 1964, where now the new School Building stands.
In 1913, the Cambridge Exams were introduced and in 1916 the school secured first place in Punjab in the High School Examination. In 1992, the School celebrated its centenary year.
From 1995 for 13 years the school was under the management of the Sacred Heart Sisters, but in 2008 the Loreto Sisters were welcomed to Shimla on their return. In 2010 the School changed over to the CBSE Board and Classes 11 & 12 was introduced. The educational and cultural heritage of Loreto Convent, Tara Hall School is a by word not only in Shimla but in northern India.
Sections.
The School is divided into two wings. The Junior Wing consists of classes from Nursery to Fifth and the Senior Wing Consists of classes from Sixth to Twelfth in the two buildings, Belle Vue and Tara Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19725758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725758" title="BL 4 inch naval gun Mk VIII">
BL 4 inch naval gun Mk VIII

The BL 4-inch gun Mark VIII was a British medium-velocity wire-wound naval gun introduced in 1908 as an anti-torpedo boat gun in smaller ships whose decks could not support the strain of the heavier and more powerful Mk VII gun.
Mk VIII History.
The gun succeeded the QF 4 inch Mk III, whose 25-pound shell had been considered insufficiently powerful for its intended role. The BL Mk VIII fired a 31-pound shell. It armed the following warships :
The gun was succeeded in its class from 1911 by the QF 4 inch Mk IV.
In World War II many guns were used to arm merchant ships.
Mk XI submarine gun.
A Mk XI variant was adapted to arm submarines :

</doc>
<doc id="19725761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725761" title="Mykola Tsygan">
Mykola Tsygan

Mykola Oleksandrovych Tsyhan () (born 9 August 1984) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper currently playing for PFC Spartak Nalchik. He also holds Russian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="19725766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725766" title="Widney Alumni House">
Widney Alumni House

Widney Alumni House is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (No. 70) located on the campus of the University of Southern California. It is the oldest university building in Southern California, having been in continuous use since 1880. Widney Alumni House has also been designated as a California Historical Landmark (No. 536), as Original Building of the University of Southern California. The landmark plaque states, "Dedicated on September 4, 1880, this original building of the University of Southern California has been in use continuously for educational purposes since its doors were first opened to students on October 6, 1880, by the university's first president, Marion McKinley Bovard. The building was constructed on land donated by Ozro W. Childs, John G. Downey and Isaias W. Hellman under the guiding hand of Judge Robert M. Widney, the university’s leading founder."

</doc>
<doc id="19725767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725767" title="Queensburgh Girls' High School">
Queensburgh Girls' High School

Queensburgh Girls' High School is an all-girls high school located on Main Road, Queensburgh, KwaZulu-Natal, in South Africa. The school has a high level of academic success.

</doc>
<doc id="19725772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725772" title="Oscillator (technical analysis)">
Oscillator (technical analysis)

An oscillator is a technical analysis indicator that varies over time within a band (above and below a center line, or between set levels). Oscillators are used to discover short-term overbought or oversold conditions.
Common oscillators are MACD, ROC, RSI, CCI.

</doc>
<doc id="19725848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725848" title="United Andean Indian Mission">
United Andean Indian Mission

The United Andean Indian Mission (UAIM), was an ecumenical and interdenominational Protestant mission, formed in the United States of America in 1946 with the purpose of working among the indigenous peoples in Ecuador, South America. The UAIM was created under the sponsorship of the Committee on Cooperation in Latin America, a multi-denominational agency that served as an umbrella organisation for all liberal Protestant missions in the region.
The constituent churches and denominations of the UAIM were: the Presbyterian Church in the United States (Southern), the United Presbyterian Church in the United States of America (Northern), the Evangelical and Reformed Church, and the Evangelical United Brethren Church. Prominent missionaries working for the UAIM were, among others, Paul Streich, Benjamin Gutiérrez and Eugene Braun.
The first missionary field for the UAIM was Picalquí, in Pichincha, Ecuador, where the mission bought a farm to train the amerindian people living there in agricultural techniques. The mission also operated a small medical mission with the help of American physicians already living in the country. Later on, the mission expanded to other places, but it never gained a strong presence in Ecuador. When the mission disbanded (due to disagreements among its missionaries and also because of the strong anti-American feelings among Ecuadorian church leaders), it had few congregations.
In 1965, its congregations and parishes merged with those planted by missionaries of the Church of the Brethren, to form the United Evangelical Church of Ecuador (Iglesia Evangélica Unida del Ecuador or IEUE), which changed in 1999 its name to United Evangelical Methodist Church of Ecuador.
The United Church's first president was Rev. Gonzalo Carvajal, who resigned to work for HCJB and the Presbyterian Church in America (PCA). Since the denomination adopted a Methodist identity, it has an episcopal structure. The current presiding bishop is Silvio Cevallos Parra.
At the time of the merger, the participating churches in the UAIM were: the United Methodist Church, the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), the United Church of Christ and the Disciples of Christ (the last two through their joint "Global Ministries").
The United Andean Indian Mission was one of the founding missions of the Ecuadorian Evangelical Fellowship (Confraternidad Evangélica Ecuatoriana), along with the Church of the Brethren, the Christian and Missionary Alliance, Avant Ministries (formerly Gospel Missionary Union), the Evangelical Covenant Church, the Missionary Church, World Mission Prayer League, Norwegian Santal Mission, Christian Missions in Many Lands (Plymouth Brethren), HCJB, and many smaller missions and churches.

</doc>
<doc id="19725881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725881" title="JTE-907">
JTE-907

JTE-907 is a drug used in scientific research that acts as a selective CB2 inverse agonist. It has antiinflammatory effects in animal studies, thought to be mediated by an interaction between the CB2 receptor and IgE.

</doc>
<doc id="19725884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725884" title="Church of St. Alphonsus Liguori, Rome">
Church of St. Alphonsus Liguori, Rome

The Church of St. Alphonsus Liguori ("Chiesa di Sant'Alfonso di Liguori all'Esquilino" in Italian) is a church located on the Via Merulana on the Esquiline Hill of Rome, Italy. It is dedicated to St. Alphonsus Liguori, the founder of the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer, who founded and staff the church, and is one of the thirty-three Doctors of the Church.
The church is one of the rare examples of neo-Gothic architecture in Rome. It is one of the last papal churches of Rome, although the Redemptorists have possession of the church and its related complex.
It was built between 1855 and 1859, designed by the Scottish architect George Wigley. The facade is of brick and travertine and features three doors. In the central tympanum of the door there is a polychrome mosaic depicting Our Lady of Perpetual Help. The facade is further embellished by a rose window.
The interior decorations, rich with marble, date from the end of the nineteenth century, and are by the Bavarian painter and Redemptorist Max Schmalzl (1850-1930). The apse is crowned by a mosaic, put in place in 1964, depicting the Redeemer enthroned between the Virgin Mary and St. Joseph. Below the mosaic hangs the original icon of Our Lady of Perpetual Help, which was produced in Crete in the 14th century and given to the Redemptorists by Pope Pius IX in 1866.
Cardinal Protectors.
Blessed John XXIII named St. Alphonsus a Cardinal Titular Church on 30 December 1960 as "SS. Redentore e S. Alfonso in Via Merulana" (Most Holy Redeemer and St. Alphonsus on Via Merulana). The following cardinals have served as Cardinal Protectors:

</doc>
<doc id="19725885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725885" title="Friedrich von Adelung">
Friedrich von Adelung

Friedrich von Adelung (February 25, 1768 – January 30, 1843), was a German-Russian linguist, historian and bibliographer. His best known works are in the fields of bibliography of Sanskrit language and the European accounts of the Time of Troubles in Russia.
Biography.
A nephew of historian Johann Christoph Adelung, Friedrich von Adelung was born in Stettin. He graduated from Leipzig University, traveled across Europe and settled in Saint Petersburg in 1794. After a brief state service in Mitau (1795–1797), Adelung relocated to Saint Petersburg for the rest of his life. He assumed the role of a state supervisor for the German-Russian community, first in German book censorship, later (1801) as the manager of German-language theaters. In 1803 he was appointed as a tutor to Grand Duke Nicholas, heir apparent and the future Tsar, and his brother Michael. A collection of antiques compiled by Adelung and sold in 1804 to Vasiliy Karazin, founder of the Kharkiv University, formed the nucleus of Kharkiv University library. Adelung was an honorary professor of Kharkiv and Derpt universities since 1809. In 1819 Adelung joined the Foreign Ministry service, and in 1825 assumed control of its Institute of Oriental Languages. At that time it was the only college in Europe offering studies in Persian and Turkish languages. He was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1819.
In 1810s Adelung promoted the idea of setting up a "Russian National Museum" dedicated exclusively to national history (in opposition to pan-European Hermitage Museum), later praised as a "local Russian breakthrough in museology." Unlike the "Russia for Russians" ideologists, Adelung specifically addressed the country's diversity with his plans to set up a repository for the sources in nearly a hundred languages spoken in Russia, and compiling dictionaries and grammars for the languages that yet had no established written tradition. Adelung believed that his linguistic studies were targeting not the languages themselves, but the history of nations and races.
From the end of Napoleonic Wars until his death in Saint Petersburg, Adelung was involved in sorting, reviewing and categorizing the European manuscripts related to pre-Petrine Russian history. He published biographies and critical assessments of Sigismund von Herberstein (1818), August von Meyerberg (1827), Conrad Bussow and other major sources on Muscovy; the work culminated in "Kritisch-literarische Übersicht der Reisenden in Rußland bis 1700" (Critical bibliographical review of the memoirs by travelers into Russia prior to 1700). The book, published posthumously in 1846, earned the Demidov Prize of the Russian Academy. In a completely unrelated effort, Adelung compiled a bibliography of then known Sanskrit sources; an abridged version of his work has been since regularly reprinted (latest English reissue: 2008). All works by Adelung were originally written and published in German language. 
Adelung's elder son Karl (1803–1829) joined Russian diplomatic service and was killed in Tehran together with Alexandr Griboyedov. Another son, Nikolay, followed father's profession and became an editor and publisher of his works.

</doc>
<doc id="19725901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725901" title="Forthmann House">
Forthmann House

Forthmann House, now known as USC Community House, is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (No. 103) located in the North University Park Historic District in the West Adams section of Los Angeles, California. It is a Victorian house built circa 1887, designed by Burgess J. Reeve. It was relocated in 1989 from its original location. 

</doc>
<doc id="19725920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725920" title="Metrobus (Sydney)">
Metrobus (Sydney)

Metrobus is an Australian high frequency, high capacity bus network in Sydney that links key employment and growth centres. Metrobuses run every 10 minutes during peak periods, 15 minutes during off-peak weekday periods, and 20 minutes on weekends, with the intention of making timetables obsolete. Buses are painted in a distinctive red livery. All route numbers are prefixed with an "M" followed by 2 numbers. Under a planned standardisation of transport modes by Transport for NSW, the "M" prefix will be changed to "B". Also, according to "Sydney Bus Future" published by Transport for NSW in December 2013, it is planned that some of the Metrobuses will upgraded to Rapid bus routes or converted to major Suburban routes.
History.
The network originally operated along bus trunk routes through the inner suburbs, but passed through the CBD rather than terminating there. This reduced overcrowding on the trunk routes without needing to layover extra buses in the CBD. This concept was later diluted with the network's expansion to include long distance routes servicing major activity centres in outer suburbs.
The first route, M10 from Leichhardt to Kingsford, began operation on a 12-month trial basis on 12 October 2008. During this period nine regular and six high-capacity buses with different seating arrangements were dedicated to the route.
In March 2009 an expansion of the Metrobus network with the addition of four further routes serving the inner suburbs (M20, M30, M40, M50) was announced.
In July 2010 it was announced a further eight new Metrobus routes were to be rolled out in 2011 to service suburbs in Sydney's west, north, north-west, south and south-west (M41, M52, M54, M60, M61, M90, M91, M92). This saw Hillsbus and Veolia Transport (now Transdev NSW) become Metrobus operators.
Tickets & fares.
Metrobus services are integrated with the MyZone system. All Sydney Buses Metrobus services use the Automated Fare Collection System to validate tickets. Metrobus routes M10, M20, M30, M40 and M50 are full-time pre-pay only services and require passengers to purchase a ticket before boarding.
Routes.
M10: Leichhardt to Maroubra Junction.
"Operated by Sydney Buses"
M10 runs from Leichhardt to Maroubra Junction via Parramatta Road, Town Hall station and Anzac Parade, and commenced on 12 October 2008. The M10 Metrobus service connects with Sydney Trains stations at Central, Town Hall and Museum. It also allows passengers to transfer to regular buses to outer suburbs of Sydney at major transport interchanges such as Broadway, Railway Square, Queen Victoria Building, Cleveland Street, and Kingsford.
On 28 December 2008, the M10 was curtailed to Leichhardt Town Hall no longer operating to MarketPlace due to issues raised by Leichhardt Council regarding buses laying over in Lords Road. On 14 November 2010 the M10 was extended to the corner of Norton and William Streets at Leichhardt Pioneer Park. On 26 October 2009, the M10 was extended from Kingsford to Maroubra Junction.
M20: Gore Hill to Botany.
"Operated by Sydney Buses"
M20 runs from Gore Hill to Botany via Pacific Highway, Town Hall station and Botany Road, and commenced on 26 October 2009. The M20 metrobus service connects with Sydney Trains stations at Central, Town Hall, Wynyard, North Sydney and St Leonards. It also allows passengers to transfer to regular buses to outer suburbs of Sydney at major transport interchanges such as Railway Square, Queen Victoria Building, Wynyard, North Sydney and St Leonards.
On 27 February 2011, the M20 was extended from Mascot to Botany shops.
M30: Mosman to Sydenham.
"Operated by Sydney Buses"
M30 runs from Mosman to Sydenham via Military Road, Town Hall station and King Street, and commenced on 28 March 2010. The M30 connects with Sydney Trains stations at Wynyard, Town Hall, Central, Newtown and Sydenham. It also allows passengers to transfer to regular buses to outer suburbs of Sydney at major transport interchanges such as Railway Square, Queen Victoria Building, Wynyard, Neutral Bay Junction, and Spit Junction.
M40: Chatswood to Bondi Junction.
"Operated by Sydney Buses"
M40 runs from Chatswood to Bondi Junction via Willoughby Road, Wynyard station, Town Hall station and Oxford Street, and commenced on 18 July 2010. The M40 connects with Sydney Trains stations at Chatswood, Wynyard, Town Hall, Museum and Bondi Junction stations. It also allows passengers to transfer to regular buses to outer suburbs of Sydney at major transport interchanges such as Chatswood, Queen Victoria Building, Wynyard, and Bondi Junction.
M41: Hurstville to Marsfield.
"Operated by Sydney Buses"
M41 runs from Hurstville to Marsfield via Bexley North, Clemton Park, Campsie, Burwood, Top Ryde and Macquarie Centre, and commenced on 19 December 2010. The M41 connects passengers to Sydney Trains stations at Hurstville, Bexley North, Campsie, Burwood, Rhodes, Macquarie Park and Macquarie University. It also allows passengers to transfer to regular buses to outer suburbs of Sydney at major transport interchanges such as Hurstville, Top Ryde City and Macquarie Centre.
According to "Sydney Bus Future", M41 will be upgraded to a Rapid bus route of the same alignment.
M50: Drummoyne to Coogee.
"Operated by Sydney Buses"
M50 runs from Drummoyne to Coogee via Victoria Road, The Anzac Bridge, CBD, Fox Studios, ANZAC Parade, UNSW, Prince Of Wales Hospital & The Spot, and commenced on 31 October 2010. The M50 connects with Sydney Trains stations at Town Hall, and Museum. It also allows passengers to transfer to regular buses to the Moore Park area.
M52: Parramatta to Circular Quay.
"Operated by Sydney Buses"
M52 runs from Parramatta to Circular Quay via Victoria Road, Top Ryde, Town Hall station and Wynyard station, and commenced on 8 August 2010. The M52 connects passengers to Sydney Trains stations at Parramatta, West Ryde, Town Hall, Wynyard and Circular Quay. It also allows passengers to transfer to regular buses to outer suburbs of Sydney at major transport interchanges such as Parramatta, Top Ryde, Queen Victoria Building, Wynyard, and Circular Quay. It has replaced the old L20 route and is supplemented by the 520 route outside of the Metrobus operating hours.
According to "Sydney Bus Future", M52 will be upgraded to a Rapid bus route of the same alignment.
M54: Parramatta to Macquarie Park.
"Operated by Sydney Buses"
M54 runs from Parramatta to Macquarie Park via Carlingford and Epping, and commenced on 10 October 2010. The M54 connects with Sydney Trains stations at Parramatta, Carlingford, Epping, Macquarie University, and Macquarie Park. It also allows passengers to transfer to regular buses to outer suburbs of Sydney at major transport interchanges such as Parramatta, Epping, and Macquarie Centre. It replaced the old 548 service.
According to "Sydney Bus Future", M54 will be upgraded to a Rapid bus route of a similar alignment, except for the section between Epping and Carlingford.
M60: Hornsby to Parramatta.
"Operated by Hillsbus"
M60 runs from Hornsby to Parramatta via Waitara, Normanhurst, Thornleigh, Pennant Hills, Cherrybrook, Castle Hill, Baulkham Hills, Northmead and North Parramatta, and commenced on 7 March 2011. It connects with Hornsby, Pennant Hills and Parramatta Sydney Trains stations and other bus services at major interchanges Hornsby, Castle Hill and Parramatta. It replaced daytime 600 services between Castle Hill and Parramatta which operate early morning and late night and one in the afternoon on weekdays and some limited 600 services between Cherrybrook and Parramatta. The M60 is operated by Hillsbus Northmead depot.
According to "Sydney Bus Future", it is likely that part of M60 will be replaced with a Rapid bus route from Hornsby to Blacktown via Castle Hill and T-way, while the remaining of M60 will merge with T80 to form a Rapid bus route from Castle Hill to Liverpool via Parramatta and T-way.
M61: Castle Hill to Railway Square.
"Operated by Hillsbus"
M61 runs from Castle Hill to Railway Square via Baulkham Hills and the M2 Busway and complements the existing 610X service. It commenced on 20 December 2010. The M61 allows passengers to connect with services to Kellyville, Glenwood, Kellyville Ridge, Bella Vista and Stanhope Gardens at bus stops along the M2 Motorway, as well as the Castle Hill Interchange.
According to "Sydney Bus Future", M61 will be upgraded to a Rapid bus route of the same alignment.
M90: Burwood to Liverpool.
"Operated by Transdev NSW"
M90 runs from Burwood to Liverpool via Strathfield, Chullora, Greenacre, Bankstown, Milperra and Moorebank, and commenced on 6 December 2010. The M90 service replaced the 900 service and connects with Sydney Trains stations at Burwood, Strathfield, Bankstown, and Liverpool. It also allows passengers to transfer to other buses in Burwood, Strathfield, Bankstown and Liverpool. The M90 also connects with the M91 and M92 services at Bankstown and with the Liverpool-Parramatta T-way.
According to "Sydney Bus Future", M90 will be converted to a Suburban bus route of the same alignment.
M91: Parramatta to Hurstville.
"Operated by Transdev NSW"
M91 runs from Parramatta to Hurstville via Granville, chester Hill, Yagoona, Bankstown, Padstow, Peakhurst and Penshurst, and commenced on 7 February 2011. The M91 service replaced the 910 and 948 services and connects with Sydney Trains stations at Parramatta, Granville, Chester Hill, Yagoona, Bankstown, Padstow, and Hurstville. The M91 connects with the M52, M54, M60 and M92 services at Parramatta, the M90 and M92 services at Bankstown and the M41 at Hurstville as well as connecting with local bus services.
According to "Sydney Bus Future", it is likely that M91 will merge with a T-way service (either T65 or T66) to form a Rapid bus route from Rouse Hill to Hurstville via T-way, Parramatta and Bankstown.
M92: Parramatta to Sutherland.
"Operated by Transdev NSW"
M92 runs from Parramatta to Sutherland via Lidcombe, Bankstown, Padstow and Menai and began 14 March 2011, it marked the last Metrobus route launched to date. it connects with the Sydney Trains stations at Parramatta, Rosehill, Lidcombe, Bankstown, Padstow and Sutherland.
According to "Sydney Bus Future", it is likely that part of M92 and/or 962 will be replaced with a Suburban bus route from Miranda to Bankstown via Sutherland and Menai
Fleet.
The Metrobus bus fleet consists of buses sourced from various manufacturers with differing seating arrangements. All Metrobuses have low floor entry, are wheelchair accessible, fully air conditioned and contain digital CCTV surveillance. All are painted in a dedicated red livery although occasionally other buses are used.
Sydney Buses.
Sydney Buses Metrobuses are operated from Burwood, Leichhardt, Port Botany, Ryde, Waverley, North Sydney, Willoughby, Randwick and Tempe depots. As at April 2013 the fleet consisted of:
Articulated buses
Rigid buses
Hillsbus.
Hillsbus Metrobuses are operated from the Northmead and Foundry Road (Seven Hills) depots.
Transdev NSW.
Transdev NSW Metrobuses are operated from the Bankstown, Menai and South Granville depots

</doc>
<doc id="19725931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725931" title="Chris Donaldson">
Chris Donaldson

Chris Donaldson (born 26 May 1975 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand sprinter who represented New Zealand at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics. He is the son of film director Roger Donaldson. He also competed at the 1998 and 2006 Commonwealth Games. He holds the national record over 200m of 20.42, and was part of the 4 by 100m relay team that set the current national record.

</doc>
<doc id="19725960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725960" title="Fractal-generating software">
Fractal-generating software

Fractal-generating software is any computer program that generates images of fractals. There are many fractal generating programs available, both free and commercial.
Features.
Many different features are included in fractal-generating software packages. Most feature some form of algorithm selection, an interactive image zoom, and the ability to save files in JPEG, TIFF, or PNG format, as well as the ability to save parameter files, allowing the user to easily return to previously created images for later modification or exploration. 
Many packages also allow the user to input their own formulae, to allow for greater control of the fractals, as well as a choice of color rendering, along with the use of filters and other image manipulation techniques. Some fractal software packages allow for the creation of movies from a sequence of fractal images.
Some standard graphics software (such as GIMP) contains filters or plug-ins which can be used for fractal generation. Many stand-alone fractal-generating programs can be used in conjunction with other graphics programs (such as Photoshop) to create more complex images.

</doc>
<doc id="19725962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725962" title="Collinson Peninsula">
Collinson Peninsula

The Collinson Peninsula is located on eastern Victoria Island in Canada's Nunavut territory. The Storkenson Peninsula lies to the north, while M'Clintock Channel is to the east.
It is named after Richard Collinson, officer of the Royal Navy, and Arctic explorer who voyaged through this area in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="19725977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19725977" title="St. Vincent de Paul Church (Los Angeles, California)">
St. Vincent de Paul Church (Los Angeles, California)

St. Vincent de Paul Church is a Roman Catholic parish and Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (No. 90) in the South Los Angeles section of Los Angeles, California. The church was built in the 1920s and designed by architect Albert C. Martin, Sr. Dedicated in 1925, it was located in what was then one of the wealthiest sections of the city, on land adjacent to the Edward Doheny Mansion and Stimson House. It was the second Roman Catholic church in Los Angeles to be consecrated. Composer Amédée Tremblay notably served as the church's organist from 1925–1949.
The climactic scene of the 1999 film "End of Days", featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger's battle against Satan was filmed in the church. The church's altar is featured prominently in the film's final scenes. The church also appears in the movie "Constantine". The church was also featured in the Warrant video "The Biller Pill" (acoustic version), with lead singer Jani Lane performing the song in front of and around the church.

</doc>
<doc id="19726045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19726045" title="Robert Steadman">
Robert Steadman

Robert Steadman (born 1 April 1965) is a British composer
of classical music who mostly works in a post-minimalist style but also writes lighter music, including musicals, and compositions for educational purposes. He also teaches, writes articles for music education journals, notably "Classroom Music", and has written several revision guides for GCSE Music and A-level Music Technology.
Background.
Steadman was born in Chiswick, London and brought up in Basingstoke, Hampshire. He was a pupil at Richard Aldworth School, before studying on the Pre-Professional Music Course at Cricklade College, Andover. In 1984 he gained an Associate of the Royal College of Music (A.R.C.M.) in tuba.
He read music at Keble College, Oxford, graduating in 1986. During his time at Oxford, Steadman was the musical director of many shows and, notably, became President of the "Oxford Revue" working with Armando Iannucci and John Sparkes.
Steadman has written several compositions specifically to raise awareness of political and social issues and to raise funds for charitable organisations. Some of the pieces have been offered as downloads over the internet in return for a charitable donation.
Compositions.
While much of his output has been written for amateurs and young musicians he has also written several pieces of music for the percussionist Evelyn Glennie, for the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, for the London Brass Virtuosi, for saxophonist Sarah Field and for the East of England Orchestra (now Sinfonia ViVA). He has written three symphonies and two operas, but is best known for his choral compositions. He has also written many chamber music pieces, including those for the Holywell Ensemble. One of his anthems was used at the memorial service for the Dunblane Massacre. He even branched out into radio jingles and wrote a song for the BBC Radio One DJ, Chris Evans.
Steadman uses strong rhythms and broad melodies.
Conducting.
Steadman has conducted many performances of his own works, as well as Handel's "Messiah", Vivaldi's "Gloria", and much orchestral music. He has particularly worked with many youth music organisations including the Oxford Youth Band and Nottingham Music School Orchestra. In November 2005, after leading the Lady Manners School Orchestra to victory at The National Festival of Music for Youth, he conducted the orchestra at the Schools Prom at the Royal Albert Hall, London.
Teaching.
Steadman was banned from classroom teaching in England for 5 years, by The National College for Teaching and Leadership professional conduct panel after it was found he had engaged in an inappropriate relationship with a student while teaching part time at Lady Manners School in Bakewell.

</doc>
<doc id="19726157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19726157" title="Fredrikshald Bay">
Fredrikshald Bay

Fredrikshald Bay (variant, Fredrikshalds Bay) is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located in western M'Clintock Channel off the eastern coast of Victoria Island. It is situated north of Isachsen Point, and from Norway Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="19726159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19726159" title="Table of the largest known graphs of a given diameter and maximal degree">
Table of the largest known graphs of a given diameter and maximal degree

In graph theory, the degree diameter problem is the problem of finding the largest possible graph for a given maximum degree and diameter. The Moore bound sets limits on this, but for many years mathematicians in the field have been interested in a more precise answer. The table below gives current progress on this problem (excluding the case of degree 2, where the largest graphs are cycles with an odd number of vertices).
Table of the orders of the largest known graphs for the undirected degree diameter problem.
Below is the table of the vertex numbers for the best-known graphs (as of October 2008) in the undirected degree diameter problem for graphs of degree at most 3 ≤ "d" ≤ 16 and diameter 2 ≤ "k" ≤ 10. Only a few of the graphs in this table (marked in bold) are known to be optimal (that is, largest possible). The remainder are merely the largest so far discovered, and thus finding a larger graph that is closer in order (in terms of the size of the vertex set) to the Moore bound is considered an open problem. Some general constructions are known for values of "d" and "k" outside the range shown in the table.
The following table is the key to the colors in the table presented above:

</doc>
<doc id="19726161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19726161" title="Degree diameter problem">
Degree diameter problem

In graph theory, the degree diameter problem is the problem of finding the largest possible graph "G" (in terms of the size of its vertex set "V") of diameter "k" such that the largest degree of any of the vertices in "G" is at most "d". The size of "G" is bounded above by the Moore bound; for 1 < "k" and 2 < "d" only the Petersen graph, the Hoffman-Singleton graph, and maybe a graph of diameter "k" = 2 and degree "d" = 57 attain the Moore bound. In general the largest degree-diameter graphs are much smaller in size than the Moore bound.

</doc>
<doc id="19726193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19726193" title="X-treme Express">
X-treme Express

X-treme Express is a video game for released for the PlayStation 2 on February 21, 2002, in Japan and on March 18, 2003, in Great Britain. It has also been released in Australia. It was developed by Syscom Entertainment and published by Midas Interactive Entertainment. 
The game is about racing trains, which vary from North America, Europe and other parts of the world. The goal in Grand prix mode is obviously to get to the finish line first although on each track you race to the end and then back in 2 different races. The other modes are Tour, where you complete a number of tests and scenarios to unlock more trains, Free mode, where you can choose what track you race on and the time of day the race is on, and VS mode, where you can VS other players. The difficulty setting can be changed to suit the player's skill level and on the easiest mode the train will never derail by cornering. On the harder modes, if the player does not slow down and move the center of gravity meter to counteract the G-forces of the corners, the train will derail. There over 80 trains in the game, some of which are themed, and 10 tracks to race on.

</doc>
<doc id="19726271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19726271" title="Table of vertex-symmetric digraphs">
Table of vertex-symmetric digraphs

Table of the orders of the largest known vertex-symmetric graphs for the directed degree diameter problem.
Below is the table of the best known vertex transitive digraphs (as of October 2008) in the directed Degree diameter problem.
The following table is the key to the colors in the table presented above:

</doc>
<doc id="19726291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19726291" title="Peter Petreius">
Peter Petreius

Peer Peersson of Erlesunda, also known as Per Erlesund and by his Latinized pen name Peter Petreius (Uppsala, 1570 – October 28, 1622, Stockholm) was a Swedish diplomat, envoy to Muscovy and author of the "History of the Grand Duchy of Muscovy" (1615) that attempted to present a complete history of Russia from the foundation of Kievan Rus to the end of the Time of Troubles.
Biography.
Peer Peersson was born in the family of Uppsala Cathedral priest; his father, Per-Benedict Persson, later became the Bishop of Västerås and Linköping. Per Persson junior graduated from the King Johann School and joined the Magdeburg University. After a short period of dedicated studies Peersson slipped into a lifestyle of a rake, indulging in drinking and duels; in 1593 he was expelled from the university and ended up in jail for debts. He managed to return to Sweden and joined the office of Duke Charles, King Sigismund's uncle, who ascended to the throne in 1604 as Charles IX of Sweden.
In 1601 Peersson left Sweden for a four-year reconnaissance tour of Muscovy in the guise of a doctor. His dispatches to the court were reproduced by Jacques Auguste de Thou in his "Historiarum sui temporis". Back in Sweden, Peersson compiled his dispatches into a "Fair and true relation" on recent Russian past from Ivan Grozny to the ascension of Vasily Shuysky. The book was based exclusively on Peersson's own experience and on the oral narratives by contemporary Russians (Vasily Shuysky, Maria Nagaya and the retinue of False Dmitriy I) and Western witnesses (Caspar Fiedler, Conrad Bussow). Peersson in real life tracked Bussow's activity with suspicion and recovered evidence of Bussow's treason that resulted in the defection of Swedish garrison in Narva (his allegations are contested by modern authors, e.g. Orchard). Persson obtained the manuscript of Bussow's "The Disturbed State of the Russian Realm" (the first, 1614, version) and reused it in his own later works. Historians of the first half of 19th century incorrectly considered Peersson the primary source for Bussow's book until Arist Kunik (1849) and Sergey Solovyov (1858) restored Bussow in his own rights.
In 1607–1608 Peersson returned to Moscow as the king's envoy, seeking a military alliance between Sweden and Muscovy. When the treaty was signed, Peersson joined the Swedish corps of Jacob De la Gardie that was hired by tsar Vasily; he left Russia upon the completion of De la Gardie Campaign and returned in 1612, to Novgorod. In 1615 he was spotted in Denmark and Poland, collecting intelligence for the upcoming War of 1617-1618. In the same year he published his "opus magnum", the "History of the Grand Duchy of Moscow". In 1617 Persson was involved in signing the Treaty of Stolbovo which was incorporated in the 1620 German edition of the "History". His death in Stockholm was, presumably, caused by plague.
Critical assessment.
Modern Russian historians agree that the "facts" that occurred during Peersson's stay in Moscow were, generally, retold reliably although sometimes exaggerated (e. g. scenes of cannibalism on the streets of Moscow presented as eyewitness report). Peersson-Petreius was confident that Tsarevich Dimitri was indeed killed in Uglich in 1591; like Isaac Massa, he condemned Boris Godunov for arranging the murder, yet Persson's story contains an unrealistic scene of an arson in Uglich and Moscow, set up simultaneously to cover up the crime. False Dmitriy I, according to Peersson, was indeed Grigory Otrepyev. Peersson's understanding of the general sequence of the Time of Troubles and their causes is very close to modern mainstream theory, but his description of contemporary events outside his own and his direct sources' reach is regarded as only partially credible. Even the late 18th – early 19th century "fiction" authors criticized Peersonn for indiscriminate retelling of anecdotes of the Vegetable Lamb sort and his apparent pro-Swedish bias: "...should we even allow that Petreius was not influenced in his judgement by the politics of his own court, yet, as an author, he is liable to great exception: for the numberless fictions and gross misrepresentations which he retails in his Chronicle, prove extreme proneness to credulity." His retelling of Kievan Rus chronicles, acquired through oral narrative, is loaded with extreme normanist attitude, and not reliable at all.
Peersson's account of social life in Russia, Eastern Orthodoxy, popular culture and traditions was harsh and unforgiving. It is nevertheless corroborated by independent, equally unforgiving memoirs by Giles Fletcher, the Elder (1591) and Samuel Collins (1671) and is representative of the Protestant view of contemporary Muscovy.

</doc>
<doc id="19726300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19726300" title="Denmark Bay">
Denmark Bay

Denmark Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located in western M'Clintock Channel, off the eastern coast of Victoria Island. It is separated from Homan Bay by a peninsula with a narrow isthmus.
Geography.
There are several islands within the bay, including Falsen Island at its headwaters.
Moraine ridges are found along eastern Victoria Island from Denmark Bay to Greely Haven.
History.
The Ekalluktogmiut, a subgroup of Copper Inuit, were traditionally located from Denmark Bay through Dease Strait. However, Copper Inuit traditional hunting area was south of the Denmark Bay/Walker Bay region.

</doc>
<doc id="19726301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19726301" title="Russel Gartner">
Russel Gartner

Russel Gartner is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1970s and 80s. An international representative three-quarter, He played for Manly, Balmain and Easts in the NSWRFL premiership.
Biography.
Gartner came from a family with a strong rugby league background with his father Jim and uncle Clive playing for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs (and his nephew Daniel Gartner would later play for Manly-Warringah and represent Australia). 
A tall three-quarter, Russel Gartner started playing first grade in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership in 1975 with the Manly-Warringah club. The following year he was part of the Sea Eagles' premiership-winning side. In 1977 Gartner was the League's top try-scorer and at the end of the season played for Australia in the 1977 World Cup. In the final against a strong Great Britain side he scored a spectacular 65-metre solo try which was a catalyst to Australia's eventual victory.
At the end of the 1981 season, Gartner transferred to the Eastern Suburbs club where he played for two years before moving to Balmain. He played in the Tigers' losing 1988 Grand Final side and was a non-playing reserve in their dramatic extra time loss to the Canberra Raiders in the following year's decider.

</doc>
