<doc id="19600202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600202" title="List of Hannah Montana main characters">
List of Hannah Montana main characters

This is a list of "Hannah Montana" main characters from the Disney Channel series "Hannah Montana" portrayed by the main cast. Characters are listed by order of appearance.
Miley Stewart.
Miley Ray Stewart (Miley Cyrus) is the teen main character of "Hannah Montana". As her alter ego, Hannah Montana, she secretly lives a double life as a famous pop star. Her best friends are Lilly and Oliver. She tries to keep the fact that she is Hannah Montana a secret but has told several people during the duration of the series, such as Lilly, Oliver, Siena, Jake, and Jesse. Her main love interests are Jake and Jesse, along with occasional crushes. She is known to say "Sweet niblets!" "Ya think?" and "Say what?" as her catch phrases. She also has the best of both worlds. Her rivals, when she is Miley, is Amber and Ashley. She is like any other girl, facing challenges, but endures it with the help of family and friends. She has tons of wardrobe changes.
Robby Stewart.
Robby Ray Stewart (Billy Ray Cyrus) is the single father of Jackson and Miley Stewart. He is also Hannah Montana's manager, who was a former country singer. He takes pride in his hair, and his shampoo collection. Whenever one of Hannah's song becomes a hit, instead of attributing it to the singer, he, jokingly, takes the credit himself. He is a loving and caring father, but knows when serious discipline is necessary. His favorite shampoo is Patene.
Jackson Stewart.
Jackson Rod Stewart (Jason Earles) is the older teenage brother of Miley Stewart and son of Robby Stewart. He is known for his goofy, lazy and disgusting habits. Jackson is a very regular character in "Hannah Montana". In the episode "He Could Be the One", Jackson does not take part in the actual story, but appears as a third-person omniscient narrator, although even in this role he appears in character. Jackson also has a central role in the feature film "". Despite portraying a teen, Jason Earles was 28 when he started the show. When the show ended he was around 33.
Background.
Like the rest of his family, Jackson is from Tennessee. He moved to Malibu, California with his father Robby and sister Miley after the death of his mother. In an off-handed remark in "Song Sung Bad," Jackson implausibly suggests the reason for this move involved an embarrassing incident with a Tennessean girlfriend. When Jackson first attended school in California he was made fun of because of his accent, cowboy hat, boots, and large belt buckle with shining bright lights which he wore to school.
Personality.
Jackson is laid back, casual and often lazy. He is also very foolish. He leaves his room very untidy. Jackson is a mediocre high school student, and has a rough time starting college in the third season. He is known for how disgustingly he lives. Jackson is often seen barefoot or wearing flip-flops. It is also revealed in the episode "Schooly Bully" that Jackson's bare feet are ticklish. Also he has a limited amount of friends, only showing two: Cooper & Thor.
He is constantly looking for ways to earn money, generally for the purpose of impressing girls. He is often asking his dad to supplement his income or to increase his allowance. In "Debt It Be" Jackson recalls selling Miley's used tissues on the internet for $37.95. In "Achy Jakey Heart" he teams up with Oliver and opens a hotdog stand. In the pilot episode Jackson gets paid to model Miley's Hannah clothes for Fermine. He also holds the world record for the longest amount of time hopping on a pogo stick, a feat which earned him $5,000."Me and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas" After initially failing to enter college, Jackson says that his plans for the future include collecting an inheritance from Robby and writing a tell-all book about Miley. After experiencing a flashforward in which he is an old man and still working at Rico's, Jackson's college ambition is reenergized.
In the episode "Judge Me Tender", he gets a traffic ticket and Robby Ray makes him pay for the ticket and he states he is not working at Rico's anymore so he has to clean up their upstairs attic.
In "Miley Get Your Gum" Jackson saves up enough money to buy a used car and is very proud of it, until his friend Cooper tells him it's a "Girl car." Although his dad, Robby Ray, makes changes, such as changing the horn and adding a loud stereo, after Robby Ray is unable to sell it back to the original owner. Jackson eventually paints it blue.
Jackson plays volleyball on his school team. He enjoys playing basketball until learning his father only lets him win so he will feel happy. He learns ping-pong well enough to beat his father. He is a big fan of both the "Los Angeles Dodgers" and the "Los Angeles Lakers." "Grandmas Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Play Favorites" He enjoys videogames, yet his portable system appears to be an original Nintendo Game Boy from the 1980s. 
Unlike his father and sister, Jackson seems to have no musical talent. Even his own mother admitted that he sings like "a regular tone deaf walrus." During one of Miley's nightmares he becomes a rock-star sensation named Bucky Kentucky."Hannah Montana" episode "I Am Hannah, Hear Me Croak."
Jackson's main talent seems to be for acting. In "Debt It Be" he plays an old woman at a rest home, in "You Give Lunch a Bad Name" he plays a pot-bellied health inspector, and in "Knock Knock Knockin' on Jackson's Head" he gives a believable performance of having suffered amnesia. He is also good at impersonations, such as Elvis Presley, Ozzy Osbourne, the "Godfather", and Arnold Schwarzenegger. He also imitates his father in "You Give Lunch a Bad Name" and his sister in "You Gotta Not Fight for Your Right to Party." Perhaps as a consequence of his acting skills, Jackson is also good at dodging direct questions and using weasel words. In "Welcome to the Bungle," Jackson coaches Miley on his techniques before she appears on a talk show to which Miley responds he could have a future as a lawyer. He now goes to college, which he often brags about.
Relationship with Miley.
Jackson and Miley constantly bicker and compete for their father's approval. Miley often finds Jackson's antics disgusting and Jackson thinks Miley is too full of herself sometimes. Yet on a deeper level, both Miley and Jackson privately express love and appreciation for each other. On several occasions Jackson even goes to great lengths to help Miley when she gets herself in serious trouble. 
Despite being the first born, and therefore having high expectations from Robby, Jackson constantly lives under Miley's shadow. Unlike Robby, Lilly and Oliver, Jackson does not attend Hannah events in disguise. This is at first because he exploits his connection with Hannah to impress his dates. Later, in "My Boyfriend's Jackson and There's Gonna Be Trouble" a paparazzi follows Miley and Jackson home from a concert and reports that they are dating. After this incident, Jackson publicly declares his love for Hannah is "like a sister," but still keeps her secret. In "We Are Family: Now Get Me Some Water!" he openly works as Hannah's "assistant." He also sometimes works as her chauffeur.
While working as Hannah's chauffeur, Jackson is sometimes forced to miss his own activities. He reveals in "Bad Moose Rising" that he really does not mind driving her, as long as she shows appreciation. After Miley gets her license in the third season this is no longer an issue. Also Jackson states that even though they prank each other, he would never bring it into the "Hannah World".
Dating.
Throughout seasons 1–3, Jackson leads a frustrating dating life. However, his longest relationship so far is his current girlfriend Siena (Tammin Sursok) on the 4th season "Hannah Montana Forever".
Lilly Truscott.
Lillian "Lilly" Truscott (Emily Osment) is the best friend of Miley Stewart and girlfriend to Oliver Oken on seasons 3 and 4. Under the alias Lola Luftnagle, and also "Lola LaFonda." She is also close friends with Hannah Montana and part of her entourage. Lilly/Lola has a huge crush on Orlando Bloom in the episode "The Test Of My Love", and tells Miley that she will see "the Lilly Bloom" when Orlando finally meets her. She also plays a central role in the film "".
Development.
The character was originally named Lilly Romero and then changed to Lilly Truscott. Miley Cyrus first auditioned for the role but was cast as the main character instead. Emily Osment auditioned for the role after Cyrus was cast.
Background.
Lilly was born in and grew up in California and was childhood friends with Oliver. She met Oliver in kindergarten and has been best friends with him ever since. In Judge Me Tender, she describes him as a dead beat when she first met him. She recently lived with her mother Heather Truscott (Heather Locklear) in Malibu. Heather appears in one episode, "Lilly's Mom Has Got It Goin' On," where she briefly dates Miley's father Robby. Lilly's parents are divorced, and her father is an accountant. In season one Lilly claims to have a brother but this is contradicted by her in season three. In "Miley Get Your Gum," Lilly refers to her brother's pet hamster. However, in the episode "Cheat it" Lilly says "Sometimes I wish I had a brother, then I come over here. All better!" In the season 3 episode "The Wheel Near My Bed (Keeps on Turnin')," she moves in with the Stewarts' when her mother gets a job in Atlanta. But after she hears that Miley does not like her staying with them, she goes to stay at her dad Kenneth's (Jon Cryer) apartment only to find it even worse than the Stewart's house. Once Lilly and Miley make up, Lilly goes back to staying at the Stewart's house.
Lilly and Miley have been best friends since about the 6th grade. She discovers Miley's secret in the pilot episode, "Lilly, Do You Want to Know a Secret?" when she sneaks into Hannah's dressing room after a concert and she sees the lucky bracelet that she had given Miley earlier in the episode. Although Lilly is dating Oliver, she looks at other guys. In "Once, Twice, Three Times Afraidy", she gazed at Tim, an old friend from camp, causing Oliver to point to the menu on the side, showing his muscles. Also in "He Could Be The One", she gave advice to Miley stating "whatever choice you make, it's gonna be okay... let's face it, they're both gorgeous!", making Oliver mad. Other than that, she stays faithful to him.
Personality.
Lilly is a huge fan of Hannah Montana even before she learns Miley's secret. She is extremely extroverted, excitable, clumsy, and impulsive and sporty. She is also very athletic, and loves skateboarding, surfing, hockey, and cheerleading. Lilly does cartwheels whenever she is excited about something such as getting asked to be someone's girlfriend in "My Best Friend's Boyfriend" and getting to go to Washington D.C. in "Would I Lie To You, Lilly?". In "Joannie B. Goode", she says she takes piano lessons on Wednesday.
Lilly and Miley have an especially close friendship. Although they often have fights and disagreements, they always manage to restore their friendship, making it all the more stronger. Episodes which significantly deal with their relationship include "Lilly, Do You Want to Know a Secret?," "Would I Lie To You, Lilly?," "You're So Vain, You Probably Think This Zit is About You," and "Cuffs Will Keep Us Together." Although Miley makes mistakes from time to time she 
always finds a way to help her. 
Lilly is tone deaf as heard in the episode "Song Sung Bad." Miley Stewart (without telling Lilly) remixes her rendition of "One in a Million" to make her voice sound on key. Lilly, believing that she is a great singer, challenges classmate Amber Addison to a singing competition in front of their whole class. Lilly proudly declares to be singing "I Got Nerve" to which Robby replies, "You sure do.". Lilly is also not very good at doing an impression of Miley as shown in the episodes "You Gotta Not Fight for Your Right to Party" and "Miley Hurt the Feelings of the Radio Star", Lilly does an unconvincing and very poor impression of Miley, while pretending to be her when Robbie tries to have a talk with Miley (who snuck out of the house with Jackson after being grounded) in the former, and while substituting for Miley when she is late coming to do her radio show with Oliver in the latter.
Despite being somewhat of a tomboy, Lilly is also seen to be very concerned about her appearance. She refuses to enter a skating competition after her dog eats her contacts and does not want to be seen with her horn-rimmed glasses. (She is virtually blind without her glasses.) Sometimes she is more excited about wearing cute outfits than of solving problems. She is currently in the series dating Oliver.
Lilly is seen in the first season as a tomboy and wears a lot of hats but not so much during Season 2 and 3. In Season 2, Lilly starts wearing wristbands in all colors and also in Season 3. In Season 3, Lilly is seen in a lot of episodes to be wearing a gold heart necklace.
In 'You Gotta Lose That Job', Lilly mentions that she would like to be teacher and that she would be supportive, fun but no talking back (that is unacceptable, Lilly says). She has an ongoing crush on Orlando Bloom regardless of her many crushes and boyfriends. She says that any movie scenes where he is shirtless is where she runs the movie in slow-motion.
Lola Luftnagle.
In order to help Miley keep her secret, Lilly attends all Hannah Montana events wearing a disguise and posing as Hannah's companion and assistant "Lola Luftnagle." Lilly first comes up with the name "Lola LaFonda" for her alter ego in the episode "Miley Get Your Gum", but she would later settle on Luftnagle in "It's My Party And I'll Lie If I Want To" and that name is used in all subsequent episodes. Lilly claims that Lola is the "daughter of oil baron Rudolph Luftnagle, sister of socialites Bunny and Kiki Luftnagle." Another alter ego of Lilly's is Lola LaBamba, whose wig is turquoise.
Unlike Lilly, who wears a lot of hoodies/jackets, sneakers/sandals and sporty pants, Lola wears very tight clothes that have loud colors. Emily Osment once said in a backstage interview that Lola has some very tight pants that are impossible to sit in. Lola wears a lot of jewellery like rings, necklaces, huge earrings and bangles. Lola usually wears a short, brightly colored, wig but in Season 3 the wig is a little bit longer than the wigs used in Season 1 and 2. In most episodes Lola wears a differently colored wig, from white to red to purple to pink to blue (in one episode Traci Van Horne refers to Lola as a "bitter anime character"). Emily Osment has said that she has around 80 wigs for Lola, and that her personal favorites are the purple and white wigs. Lola is not dating Mike as said in "He Could Be The One". Instead she is dating Justin Timberlake, according to an internet rumor she has 'no idea' who started. Emily Osment said in a backstage interview that she is more like Lola than Lilly and that she loves Lola’s clothes and just wants to keep them. Lola did not appear in .
Relationships.
Lilly experiences a few short-lived dating relationships and only one serious one. She dates actor Jake Ryan (Cody Linley) at a 70s dance until Miley jealously breaks them up, and her schoolmate Lucas (Sterling Knight) until Miley discovers he is a cheater.
Miley also has a dream in which Lilly starts dating Jackson, and must learn to accept her friend for who she is. When Miley wakes up, she believes the dream was real and is pleasantly surprised when Lilly reacts with disgust.
In "You Are So Sue-able to Me," Lilly has a crush on her schoolmate Matt Marshall, but it is never revealed if they actually dated. After Matt asks Lilly to a dance, Miley tries to get Lilly to change her tomboy image so that Matt will find her more attractive. However, Matt gets turned off by Lilly's new look and stands her up. However, Lilly and Matt reconcile at the end of the episode after Miley was found liable for Lilly's suffering in the Teen Court. Lilly's celebrity crush is Orlando Bloom. Bloom is a recurring off-screen character in the show whom Lilly sometimes harasses at parties as Lola. She also has a crush on Justin Timberlake and supposedly spread a rumor that he's dating Lola.
In the season 3 episode "Uptight (Oliver's Alright)", it is mentioned that Lilly had a crush on her French teacher during 7th grade. She wore a beret to school and said "Oui, Oui" so much that people started calling her "Tinkles Truscott".
Lilly starts her most significant and successful relationship when she started dating Oliver Oken in season 3 of the series. Their friendship started in preschool when Lilly held his hand in order to share his crayons. Said Lilly, "He had the 64-Pack with the sharpener!" For years the two were best friends, but after a beach party, they decide to date each other (while Miley was away shooting her feature film "Indiana Joannie") and we (and Miley) find out in "What I Don't Like About You." However, after an argument over their favorite bands, (Radiohead and Coldplay) they broke up. Miley made a mini-Indiana Joannie movie and they made up and resumed dating. They attended prom together in Promma Mia. In "He Could Be The One," Lilly says she loves Oliver. Their names for each other are "Olly-pop" and "Lilly-pop." In "I Honestly Love You (No Not You)" Lilly tells Miley that Oliver calls her "Lilly-pop" because she had a pimple.
In I Honestly Love You (No Not You) a love triangle appears when Miley (while alseep in the hospital because of a broken ankle), overhears Oliver say "I love you" while talking to Miley. This leads to Miley believing that Oliver was in love with her while dating Lilly. Miley thinks that all she has to do is wait till Lilly moves onto someone else and that Oliver will change his mind. But when Lilly announces that she loves Oliver, Miley tells her the truth. Miley and Lilly then hatch a plan to get Oliver back only to find out that Oliver was in fact, practicing saying "I love you" so he could say it to Lilly. In the end of the episode, Lilly and Oliver both say that they love each other.
However, in "He Could Be The One," Lilly tells Oliver that while Lilly may be dating Oliver, Lola is dating Justin Timberlake according to an online rumor "she doesn't know who started."
In "B-B-B-Bad To The Chrome," Lilly and Oliver celebrated their 100th day relationship anniversary which Oliver forgets at first and Lilly was upset. They make-up again after Rico helped them get back together by writing a fake poem and send it to Lilly but signed as "Oliver Oken."
In the episode "Judge Me Tender", Oliver’s singing career takes off, but all the attention he receives causes him to neglect Lilly. As a result, Lilly asks Miley to boot him off the show which results in them breaking up. However, Miley lets Oliver succeed to the semi-finals. Afterward, Miley manages to talk some sense into Oliver, causing him to make up with Lilly.
Oliver Oken.
Oliver Oscar Oken (Mitchel Musso) is the male best friend to Miley Stewart and Lilly Truscott. He later begins to date Lilly. He uses the alias Mike Standley III while attending events with Hannah Montana in order to keep Miley's secret.
Background.
Oliver was born July 3, 1992 and grew up in California and was childhood friends and Kindergarten friends with Lilly. In Judge Me Tender, Lilly describes him as a dead beat when she first met him. He met Miley in the 6th grade and has been her closest guy friend ever since. However, before he met her, he had spread a rumour that she ate possum. He lives with his mother Nancy Oken who works as a police officer, his overprotective father, and a little brother. Oliver also has type 1 diabetes.
Oliver is Jewish, as revealed in a few episodes. He says his family keeps Kosher, and says his mom goes "Mashugana", "crazy" in Yiddish. 
In the first two episodes, Oliver is an overly enthusiastic Hannah Montana fan, saying "Hannah Montana is a "goddess"! I worship at her feet!" He has a record of stalking her and even dreams of one day marrying her. Miley mercifully reveals her secret to Oliver in the second episode. Since he has never had any romantic feelings for Miley, Oliver is freed from his Hannah obsession, but remains close personal friends with Miley.
He makes a brief appearance in "" at Lilly's sweet 16th birthday party and in the credits doing the Hoedown Throwdown. He and Rico are the only main characters from the series to have small roles in the film. Oliver has a small role in the film because Mitchel Musso was working on his music career during the filming.
Personality.
Oliver is very friendly, outgoing, flirtatious,
sometimes overconfident and funny. Aside from being bullied a few times, Oliver is well liked by most people. He generally avoids Miley and Lilly's ongoing feud with Amber and Ashley and Jackson's confrontations with Rico. At school he earns the nickname "Locker Man" for his ability to effortlessly open his classmates jammed lockers. He commonly serves as the DJ at school events. His catchphrase is "Freaky freaky fresh", which often annoys Miley.
Oliver shares Lilly's interests in skating, surfing, and hockey. He likes rapping and is a fan of Coldplay. In the episode "You Gotta Lose This Job," Oliver is heard to be a good singer, although he earlier sang terribly at the end of "Song Sung Bad." Early in the series, he has a deep fear of gum (Miley Get Your Gum), appearing in front of people, and losing what he claims to be his only chest hair. In later episodes such as "You Gotta Lose This Job" and "Judge Me Tender," he performs very well on stage and in the latter episode he is also seen chewing gum. It is revealed that Oliver is a diabetic in the episode "No Sugar Sugar." This episode was cancelled, rewritten and aired in September 2009 under the title "Uptight, Oliver's Alright."
Oliver is somewhat connected with his feminine side, possibly as a result of having two girls for best friends. He reads his mother's "chick magazines," watches soap operas with his grandmother, and lets Miley give him a manicure in the episode "Cuffs Will Keep Us Together." Oliver once bemoans this fact by stating "I so need more guy friends." However, Oliver often shows himself to be a good and loyal friend to Miley and Lilly, and they both value his friendship. Oliver describes Miley as being his closest girl bud, alongside Lilly.
In the episode "Judge Me Tender", Oliver's singing career takes off when he participates in America's Top Talent. He manages to succeed to the semi-finals. 
In "Miley says Goodbye (Part 2)" Oliver gets an offer to support a band and goes off for a six-month tour. Because of this he only has a recurring role in season 4 and is not credited as part of the main cast. Mitchel Musso was working on his music career and filming "Pair of Kings" during the filming of season 4 and wasn't able to be a part of all of the episodes.
Mike Standley III.
In the episode "Everybody Was Best-Friend Fighting," Oliver creates a disguise to attend Hannah events without blowing Miley's secret, similar to how Lilly created Lola Luftnagle. Lilly helps Oliver come up with the disguise which consists of a fake goatee, aviator sunglasses, an upside-down visor, white and blue shorts and a zip-up hoodie since he only had a vampire costume as a disguise so Lilly helped him. When asked for his name, Oliver thinks of the name "Mike Standley III", being inspired by a nearby mic stand. Mike is not dating Lola, as said in "He Could Be the One".
Relationships.
Oliver has several dating relationships, but only two of them have been successful. He first dates Becca Weller whom Miley sets him up with after Becca confesses her feelings for Oliver to Hannah Montana in an email. (Becca was unaware that Hannah knew Oliver.) It is unknown how Oliver and Becca break up, but she only appears in one episode. Oliver later dates his classmate Sarah (Morgan York) with whom he is assigned a school project in which they must raise an imaginary child (a sack of flour). They break up after the project is due when they discover they have nothing in common, except their love for their imaginary flour child.
So far, Oliver's second longest relationship has been with Joannie Palumbo (Hayley Chase), whom he starts dating in "Joannie B. Goode." Miley and Lilly at first have a lot of animosity towards Joannie, but eventually Lilly becomes good friends with her and Miley accepts their relationship. Oliver and Joannie's relationship lasts for 11 more episodes until their amicable break up in "Papa's Got a Brand New Friend."
Oliver's most significant relationship and longest is with Lilly Truscott when they started dating in season 3 of the series. In pre-school, Lilly held Oliver's hand for his crayons, with the reasoning, "He had the 64-pack with the sharpener!" For years, the two were best friends, but after a beach party they decided to start dating and we first see this in "What I Don't Like About You" while Miley was away shooting her feature film "Indiana Joannie." However after an argument over their favourite bands (Radiohead and Coldplay) they broke up but Miley, made a mini-Indiana Joannie movie and they made up and resumed dating. They attended prom together in Promma Mia. The circumstances of their first date are under dispute by both Lilly and Oliver. 
In He Could Be The One, Lilly says that she loves Oliver. Their names for each other are Ollie-pop and Lilly-pop.
In I Honestly Love You (No Not You) a love triangle appears when Miley (while asleep in the hospital because of a broken ankle), overhears Oliver say "I love you" while talking to Miley. This leads to Miley believing that Oliver was in love with her while dating Lilly. Miley thinks that all she has to do is wait till Lilly moves onto someone else and that Oliver will change his mind. But when Lilly announces that she loves Oliver, Miley tells her the truth. Miley and Lilly then hatch a plan to get Oliver back only to find out that Oliver was in fact, practicing saying "I love you" so he could say it to Lilly. In the end of episode Lilly and Oliver both say that they love each other. It is also mentioned in this episode that Lilly is the only girl he has ever loved.
In "B-B-B-Bad To The Chrome," Lilly and Oliver celebrated their 100th day relationship anniversary which Oliver forgets at first and Lilly was upset. They make-up again after Rico helped them get back together by writing a fake poem and send it to Lilly but signed as "Oliver Oken". It is also revealed in this episode that whenever he and Lilly are not together, he gets in a bad mood.
In the episode "Judge Me Tender," Oliver’s singing career takes off, but all the attention he receives causes him to neglect Lilly. As a result, Lilly asks Miley to boot him off the show which results in them breaking up. However, Miley lets Oliver succeed to the semi-finals. Afterward, Miley manages to talk some sense into Oliver, causing him to make up with Lilly.
In "Got to Get Her out of My House", Oliver and Lilly try and buy a car together. Also in the same episode, Rico insults Lilly and makes Oliver very angry to the point he tries to beat him up, much to Rico's delight.
The final episode they say I love you to each other again and kiss.
Oliver's celebrity crushes include Hannah Montana (until he finds out that Miley is Hannah), Mandy Moore, Jessica Simpson and Taylor Swift.
Episodes.
Episodes which significantly deal with Oliver's character development include "Miley Get Your Gum," "Everybody Was Best-Friend Fighting," "Uptight (Oliver's Alright)"(Previously titled "No Sugar Sugar"), "Judge Me Tender" and "You Gotta Lose That Job." As a series regular, he was absent from twelve episodes and only appeared for 2 episodes in Season 4:
Rico Suave.
Rico Suave (Moises Arias) is the young manager of "Rico's Surf Shop," a concession stand located on the beach near the Stewarts' home. He most commonly interacts with Jackson, his employee, despite the fact that Rico is several years younger. In the second season he also attends school with Miley, Lilly, and Oliver. Rico is the main antagonist in the series. 
Rico's first appearance is in "It's My Party and I'll Lie if I Want To", the fifth episode of "Hannah Montana". He makes a total of five appearance in that season as a recurring character. His popularity led to his becoming a main character beginning with season two. All together, Rico has appeared in 58 episodes. He also makes a brief appearance in the film "" during Lilly's birthday party bash exploding through her cake. Although Rico does not know Miley's secret, he appears partly out of character in the episode "He Could Be the One" as an omniscient narrator who is aware of the secret. In this role Rico acts apart from the story. In the episode "Get Down Study-udy-udy", Rico had almost discovered Miley's secret according to the steps, the song used in the "Bone Dance" created by Miley and her voice. When Miley reveals herself on television as Hannah, Rico is shocked and horrified that he couldn't see the obvious, unable to talk to anyone afterward.
Background.
Rico comes from a very wealthy Latino family. His billionaire parents are often mentioned but never seen. He has a sister, a brother named Mateo (Mateo Arias), a cousin named Teresa, and an Australian/Mexican cousin nicknamed "Angus" whose real name is Alejandro Nuñez Gonzalez Uberto Sifuentes (Moises Arias).
Personality.
Rico is manipulative, arrogant, and spoiled, even described as "evil" by some characters. His self-centeredness leads him to constantly look for ways to increase his revenue, even at the expense of taking if from others. (He sees everyone else as a direct competitor and becomes extremely jealous whenever someone makes money.) His catchphrases include his greeting, "Hey-O!", and a diabolical laugh, "Mwah-ha-ha!", which he does frequently.
Rico is very gifted academically. He skips a couple of grades in school and is in the same grade as Miley, Lilly, and Oliver, even though he is two years younger. Studying is easy for him because he has a photographic memory. He is especially good at biology and mathematics, once finishing a biology mid-term exam in less than one second, with still enough time to recheck all of his answers.
It is revealed that Rico sometimes suffers from personal insecurities from his big ears and buck teeth. Perhaps as a result of a Napoleon complex, Rico uses his money and influence to put other people down. He also tends to pursue relationships with girls much older than himself in order to increase his social standing. He bribes both Miley and Lilly in this way. He often blackmails them both to be his girlfriend. In 'Knock Knocking on Jackson's Head', Lilly has to pretend to be Rico's girlfriend (so he can impress his cousin Angus), in return for tutoring in math from Rico. In 'Me and Rico Down By The Schoolyard', Miley gets blackmailed in being Rico's girlfriend because she thought he knew her Hannah secret but it turned out to be attachment to her teddy bear.
In the episode "Cheat It," Rico runs a sauna company called "Señor Steam" which Robby patronizes.
Episodes that especially deal with Rico's character development include "Me and Rico Down By the Schoolyard", "Get Down, Study-udy-udy" and "Joannie B. Goode".
Relationship with Jackson.
Jackson and Rico have a frenemy relationship. Rico often comes up with ways of making Jackson miserable or getting him in trouble. He is an unforgiving employer and sometimes fires Jackson, only to re-hire him later. Rico is usually successful in his practical jokes on Jackson because of his virtually unlimited financial resources. On a few rare occasions Jackson gets the last laugh with Rico, as seen in "Hannah In The Streets With Diamonds." (Rico called Jackson and his father 'country dumpkins', and Jackson got angry.) In "Once, Twice, Three Times Afraidy" he tells Jackson that he is the closest thing to a best friend he has. In "Wherever I Go", Rico fires Jackson to force him to get a real job. After he fails, Rico gets him a real job as a video game tester saying (though it was hard for him) that Jackson is his best friend which Jackson reciprocates. When Miley reveals herself to be Hannah, Jackson at first gloats over Rico not knowing the secret but takes pity on him and cheers him up by having a choir sing of all the other people who didn't figure it out,such as Donald Trump.
Relationship with Oliver.
The relationship Oliver and Rico have is practically the same as Jackson and Rico. Rico sometimes looks to Oliver as an older brother, but also as a target. He usually sees Oliver's complications and uses them against him, such as in "Don't Go Breaking My Tooth". He also takes heed in making fun and manipulating Jackson and Oliver, such as in "That's What Friends Are For?." When it comes to business matters, such as making a commercial for Rico's, he turns to Oliver. He also thinks of Oliver as a much more efficient employee than Jackson, as he once got a job and Rico said he was perfect. Oliver is also seen working at Rico's again in season 3 in the episode "B-B-B-Bad To The Chrome" as well as in season 1 in the episode "We Are Family – Now Get Me Some Water".

</doc>
<doc id="19600203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600203" title="The China Probrem">
The China Probrem

"The China Probrem" is the eighth episode of the twelfth season of the animated series "South Park", and the 175th episode of the series overall. It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 8, 2008. It was the mid-season premiere for season 12. In the episode, Kyle seeks to bring George Lucas and Steven Spielberg to justice for "raping" Indiana Jones in "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull", and Cartman tries to avert a suspected Chinese invasion.
The episode was written and directed by series co-founder Trey Parker, and was rated TV-MA in the United States.
The episode was dedicated to Isaac Hayes who died on August 10th of that year.
Plot.
After watching the Beijing 2008 Olympics on television, Cartman has been plagued by nightmares about the Chinese, believing that they will invade America. He tries to warn his friends but Kyle says he "can't do this any more" and leaves. Stan later confronts Kyle, the latter stating that he cannot pretend things are normal again after "the rape of a friend". He confesses his feelings of deep guilt and regret over the fact he, Stan and their friends "just stood there and did nothing". Elsewhere, Cartman convinces Butters that China is going to take over America and kill Butters' parents. Butters decides to join Cartman's group, the American Liberation Front. Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Clyde and Jimmy start to remember and have flashbacks of the rape which is revealed to involve "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull". They are appalled and devastated to see George Lucas (voiced by Matt Stone) and Steven Spielberg (voiced by Trey Parker) "rape" Indiana Jones. 
Meanwhile, Cartman and Butters dress up as stereotypical Chinese children and go to P. F. Chang's China Bistro to try to trick the Chinese people into telling them when the "invasion" is set to occur. The two boys' antics begin to annoy everyone, but when they are asked to leave, they instead take the entire restaurant hostage. Cartman gives Butters a gun and tells him to fire at a man who is trying to escape. Butters promptly shoots the man in the penis, which upsets Cartman greatly. At the same time, Kyle and his friends visit the Park County District Attorney and asks him to arrest Spielberg and Lucas for raping Indiana Jones. When the DA relives the rape in his mind, where Indiana and the DA himself were in a pub together, and Indiana was raped atop a pinball machine in a scene that parallels the rape scene from "The Accused", he tearfully agrees to help them. Afterwards, they go to the Park County Police Station to have Spielberg and Lucas arrested. One detective is also disturbed by the rape as well and relives the incident as well in his mind, which this time is a parody of the famous "squeal like a pig" scene from "Deliverance". 
Back at the restaurant, the police arrive to respond to the hostage situation. When the police try to enter the restaurant, Butters fires a warning shot and also hits the Chinese policeman in the penis. This angers Cartman all the more. In the closing moments, the police find and take away Spielberg and Lucas (while raping an Imperial Stormtrooper), despite their protests over a lack of evidence and the huge totals they have brought in at the box office. Meanwhile, at the restaurant, Cartman gives up on his mission of saving America after Butters shoots another man in the penis and surrenders to the police. As he is walking outside, a police officer arrives to inform the others that Lucas and Spielberg are finally in custody. The officers and hostages all rejoice that "it's all over", and while everyone is hugging and crying, Cartman and Butters sneak away. Reflecting on the day's events, Cartman decides he'd rather be Chinese than "a nation of unethical dick shooters". Butters is unable to see what all the fuss is about, as he thought "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" was "pretty good".
Reception.
The episode premiere drew 3.7 million total viewers, 2.5 million in the 18–49 demographic. This was up 21% from the previous fall's debut and topped all of cable during its time period. It stands as the show's most-watched fall premiere since 1999.
IGN's Travis Fickett gave the episode 9 out of 10 points, praising both storylines and writing that "he show is as funny and as smart as ever — and it's back at just the right time." 411mania's review, written by DC Perry, criticized the episode for using material that felt dated, but described it as "pretty solid" and gave it a rating of 7.3 out of 10.
Controversy.
The episode's rape scenes caused some controversies. "The Daily Telegraph" Catherine Elsworth wrote that Parker and Stone seemed "to have taken the taboo-busting to a place even hardened South Park watchers have found hard to go". Nikki Finke reported that her knowledge was that Paramount, which distributes the Lucasfilm-owned "Indiana Jones" franchise (while Paramount itself is owned by Comedy Central parent Viacom), had no intention to protest against the episode, but, in the words of an insider, " it to go away". The episode was named "Worst Cable Content of the Week" by the Parents Television Council for "exploiting the sensitive topic of rape for a trivial movie satire".

</doc>
<doc id="19600206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600206" title="Close To The Edge Provincial Park and Protected Area">
Close To The Edge Provincial Park and Protected Area

Close To The Edge Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park and a protected area in British Columbia, Canada.
History and conservation.
The Park was established June 29, 2000 to protect Close To The Edge, a significant cave feature: the deepest shaft (255 m) and the third deepest cave (472 m) in Canada. The cave was discovered in 1985, but its bottom was not reached until 2001. 
The adjacent Protected Area was established on January 25 2001 to protect the less significant caves Bluebell Resurgence Cave and Twin Falls Resurgence, and is a lower level of protection which allows future logging road access to the headwaters of Hedrick Creek. 
Both the Park and the Protected Area also protect habitat for caribou, moose, black and grizzly bears. 
Location.
Close To The Edge Provincial Park and Protected Area is located within the Dezaiko Range of the Canadian Rocky Mountains approximately 160 kilometres northeast of Prince George, British Columbia. Access is on logging roads, followed by unmaintained horse/foot trails. There are no park facilities.
Size.
702 hectares in size (414 ha Provincial Park and 288 ha Protected Area).

</doc>
<doc id="19600218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600218" title="À l'amiral">
À l'amiral

Amiral (a'l') is a particular garnish, such as poached sole, fillet of sole, stuffed turbot, or braised salmon. It contains some of the following ingredients:
The dish is colated with nantuna sauce. The term also describes a type of consommé.

</doc>
<doc id="19600223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600223" title="Mavourneen Rocks">
Mavourneen Rocks

The Mavourneen Rocks comprise a group of four steep, rocky islets, with a combined area of 0.88 ha, in south-eastern Australia. They are part of the Breaksea Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the western coast of Tasmania. They are also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The islets are part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Little Penguin (20 pairs), Pacific Gull, Silver Gull and Sooty Oystercatcher.

</doc>
<doc id="19600227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600227" title="Aleksandr Amisulashvili">
Aleksandr Amisulashvili

Aleksandr Amisulashvili (; born 20 August 1982 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian footballer currently playing for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara.

</doc>
<doc id="19600230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600230" title="Indiana Oaks">
Indiana Oaks

The Indiana Oaks is a Thoroughbred horse race run annually in the early fall at Hoosier Park in Anderson, Indiana. Open to three-year-old fillies, the Grade II event is set at a distance of a mile and one sixteenth on dirt. The race offers a purse of $200,000 added. 
The Indian Oaks was first run in 1995, the year Hoosier Park opened.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="19600234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600234" title="Share housing">
Share housing

A share house is a model of household in which a group of usually unrelated people reside together. The term generally applies to people living together in rental properties rather than in properties in which any resident is an owner occupier. The term is rare or unknown in American English.
Demographics.
Share housing is an increasingly popular household model for people in developed and developing countries as a result of a variety of economic and social changes such as the declining affordability of home ownership and delayed and decreasing marriage rates. Despite this rise, share housing is little researched.
Formation and composition.
A share house is often formed when a group of people move into a rental property, with one or more of them having applied to rent the property through a real estate agent, being accepted and having signed a lease.
People who live together in a share house are called "housemates", "flatmates", or "roommates".
Share house residents are typically unrelated to each other in that they generally come from different families, although they may be composed of some siblings and sometimes single parents and their children. Perhaps because of the social cohesion required for their formation, share houses will often be composed of members of the same peer group. For example, university students who have relocated to a new area to commence a course of study often need to form a share house. Share housing often occurs in the 18-35 age bracket - during a life stage between leaving home and having children. Share house residents may have pre-existing friendships or other interpersonal relationships or they may form new relationships whilst living together.
Challenges and complications.
Some of the challenges that come with share housing may include advertising for, interviewing and choosing potential housemates; sharing communal household goods, rent (often this may be determined by the size or position of respective bedrooms); sharing household bills and grocery costs; and sharing housework, cleaning, and cooking responsibilities. Conflicts may arise if, for example, residents have different standards of cleanliness, different diets, or different hours of employment or study. Guests and partners may also begin to board frequently, which can raise complications pertaining to utility expenses, additional rent and further possible cleaning duties. Often when these responsibilities go untended, friction may result between co-tenants.
References.
Great content at http://www.summershare.com

</doc>
<doc id="19600243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600243" title="Super Chinese World 3">
Super Chinese World 3


</doc>
<doc id="19600262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600262" title="Sun Down Lady">
Sun Down Lady

Sun Down Lady is the debut album by Lani Hall.
Track listing.
The track "Sun Down" is a rewritten version of the song better known as "Muskrat Love", a hit for America and Captain & Tennille.

</doc>
<doc id="19600264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600264" title="Whale watching in Sydney">
Whale watching in Sydney

Whale watching is a popular pastime in Sydney in the winter and spring. There are a number of different migration and whale seasons.
Humpback migration.
The Humpback Whale migration passing Sydney takes place between April and December each year. The season is split into two distinct sections depending on the direction of travel of the majority of whales at that time. 
The migrating population is named the Group 5 Southern Hemisphere Humpback whale population or the Australian East coast Humpbacks. As distinct from other humpback migration populations that travel along the West Australian and South African coasts.
The distance from the coast of the whales is believed to be based on the movements of the ocean currents, primarily the East Australian Current. The East Australian Current is a strong southerly current that the humpback whales make use of during their southern migration. On the Northern migration the Humpback whales will often use the Inshore Northern current, which is a north flowing counter current to the EAC. The main purpose of the annual humpback migration is to breed. 
For either migration the best shore locations to watch the whales are on high points along the coast, cliffs and headlands.
From South to North the best locations are:
Spotting whales from elsewhere including directly off the beaches is quite possible, just less common.
Commercial Whale watching tours run daily through the humpback seasons and can be boarded at Darling Harbour, Circular Quay and other wharfs around Sydney Harbour.
Northern migration.
From April to mid August the Humpbacks are heading north to give birth and mate in the waters of the Coral Sea. At this time of year they tend to swim constantly north at 4-5 knots (5–9 km/h) and will have regular surface intervals. 
At this time the whales are utilizing the Inshore Northern current to assist them on the way north. This current is usually found only within of the coast, so most of the migrating population will pass within this distance. This is the easiest time for shore based spotters to see the full population of humpback whales passing by the Sydney coast as they head north. 
Often on the Northern migration, especially when the currents are strong close to shore, a Humpback pod may enter the harbour for a short time. Normally they will leave again within a few hours and will rarely venture far from the harbour entrance.
Southern migration.
From mid August to mid December the Humpbacks as heading south to return to the Antarctic feeding ground for the southern hemisphere summer. While they will trend southwards they may swim in any direction for hours at a time, with less consistent surface intervals. 
At this time they generally swim slower than on the northern migration and use the East Australian Current to move them south. The EAC tends to begin around the line and may peak in strength up to 10-20 nautical miles from the coast. This means the Southern Humpback migration can sometimes be very difficult to spot from on shore. 
However during Early October to Mid December the mothers and newborn calves pass south, they tend to swim very close to the shoreline. Often they will stop in protected areas to close to beaches to rest and feed.
Southern Right season.
The Southern Right Whale does not migrate in the same pattern as the humpback whales, however during the winter months the southern rights will move along the coastline seeking places to mate and shelter with their newborn calfs. 
They will enter and remain in bays and harbors for days at a time and then move slowly north or south. While they are not as common as the Humpback whales, they will tend to make a greater impact since they are far more visible and do not move away as quickly. In the past they have ventured as far as the Harbour Bridge in Sydney Harbour and into Botany Bay as well as resting meters from the shore line of popular surf beaches.
Other whales.
Minke Whales, Bryde's Whales, False Killer Whales, Killer Whales and Pilot Whales will pass the coast at various times, as well as very rarely Blue, Fin and Sei Whales. Sperm Whales are present off the coast of Sydney but tend to stay near the edge of the continental shelf over to sea, so are not often seen close to shore.
Dolphins.
Large and small pods of Common Dolphin and Bottlenose Dolphins are quite common on the Sydney Coastline, they are present throughout the year and can be easily seen from the coast.
Volunteer stations.
During the Humpback migration there are two whale research and observation stations staffed by Volunteers as part of the Macquarie University & Bass & Flinders Cruises Research partnership into whale watching sustainability. These volunteers have a number of tasks that take precedence, but are generally happy to assist the public with information and spotting whale pods.

</doc>
<doc id="19600282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600282" title="Aleksandr Kvakhadze">
Aleksandr Kvakhadze

Aleksandre Kvakhadze (born 17 August 1984 in Mtskheta) is a Georgian footballer currently playing for Dila Gori. 
He is the brother of Giorgi Kvakhadze, also a footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19600290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600290" title="Franz Goeschke">
Franz Goeschke

Franz Goeschke (German spelling- Göschke); (1844 – 1912) was a German horticulturist who was a lecturer and director at the school of horticulture in Proskau. His father, Gottlieb Göschke (1818-1898), was also a noted horticulturalist.
Franz Göschke was a leading authority of strawberry cultivation. He is credited with creating around thirty new varieties of strawberry, including the once popular "Erdbeere Königin Luise" (Queen Luise Strawberry), a variety he first introduced in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="19600293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600293" title="Boccia at the 1988 Summer Paralympics">
Boccia at the 1988 Summer Paralympics

Boccia at the 1988 Summer Paralympics consisted of three events.

</doc>
<doc id="19600307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600307" title="Cozbinaer">
Cozbinaer

Cozbinaer or Cozbi, in the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game, was the consort of the demoted lord of the 5th layer of Baator, Geryon. As of "Fiendish Codex II", Cozbi was destroyed as a result of Geryon's demotion along with bailiff Gorson and the pit-fiend Fecor.
Creative origins.
Cozbinaer's name is inspired by the name of a pagan priestess of Jewish mythology named Cozbi.
Publication history.
Cozbi first appears in Ed Greenwood's article "The Nine Hells Part I" in "Dragon" #75 (1983).
Cozbinaer appears in the adventure "A Paladin in Hell" (1998).
Cozbi was briefly detailed in ' (2006).
Description.
Cozbinaer is described as an exquisitely beautiful she-devil with fair skin, long green hair and a body reddening from the waist down. She also had long black nails, a slim pointed tail she would hang over one arm, and vampire-like fangs for canine teeth. Her eyes were scarlet.
History.
Cozbinaer was perhaps the weakest and quietest of all Hell's duchesses. However, she took being called ""Cozbi"" by anyone not of her kin as a major offense. Any non-baatezu that did so was never seen alive again. She was extremely loyal to Geryon, and her devotion bordered closely to what mortals know as love. However, this very behaviour ended up being her demise, as did Geryon's faithfulness to Asmodeus.
Cozbinaer was exiled to Avernus along with her master and his loyal lieutenant Amon upon the Reckoning of Hell. As soon as they entered the layer, Geryon's followers were attacked by Levistus's followers who slew the major part of Geryon's court. Cozbinaer has been horribly wounded during these conflicts and then appeared as a zombie-like harridan whose body was covered in scars, skin grafts and withered flesh. Though she should have died long ago from her wounds, she was kept alive through profane magic and hellish technology and spent her time in a glass chamber where a poisonous yellow gas was funneled by tubes. If she had to leave this room, she wore a bizarre armored suit that contained the same gas, which was deadly to anyone but her. The location of the room itself was unknown.
The circumstances of her death are yet to be revealed. She either couldn't sustain herself any longer or someone eventually found the room where she laid and destroyed the apparatus.

</doc>
<doc id="19600314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600314" title="Cozbi">
Cozbi

Cozbi (; ) is mentioned in in the Hebrew Bible as " daughter of Zur", a prominent Midianite, and a wife or concubine of the Israelite Zimri, son of Salu. The Lord objected to the mixing of the Israelite people with the local Midianites, and the resultant worshiping of Baal, and instructed Moses to slay all the Israelites who had worshiped Baal.
"And behold, one of the people of Israel came and brought a Mid'ianite woman to his family, in the sight of Moses and in the sight of the whole congregation of the people of Israel, while they were weeping at the door of the tent of meeting." (Revised Standard Version)
Phinehas son of Eleazar (son of Aaron) picked up a spear and killed Zimri and Cozbi with one thrust.

</doc>
<doc id="19600324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600324" title="Ahmed Boulaleh Barreh">
Ahmed Boulaleh Barreh

Ahmed Boulaleh Barreh, also known as Gabayo (born 1929), is a Djiboutian politician. He is the Vice-President of the People's Social Democratic Party (PPSD) and a member of the National Assembly of Djibouti.
Boulaleh was born in Ali-Sabieh and is an Issa of the Furlaba subclan. He was first elected to the National Assembly in 1977 and was continuously re-elected during the subsequent 20 years. He was appointed to the government as Minister of the Interior, Posts and Communications on 13 May 1991 and was the National Assembly's representative on the Administrative Council of the Autonomous Port of Djibouti until 13 August 1992. In the December 1992 parliamentary election, he was the second candidate on the candidate list of the governing People's Rally for Progress (RPP) for the city of Djibouti. Following this election, he was moved to the post of Minister of National Defense on 4 February 1993. Like Justice Minister Moumin Bahdon Farah, he opposed the 1994 peace agreement with the moderate faction of the Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy (FRUD) rebel group. Boulaleh remained Minister of National Defense until 27 March 1996, when he was dismissed from the government, along with Farah, by President Hassan Gouled Aptidon.
After their dismissal, Farah and Boulaleh went into opposition and founded the Group for Democracy and the Republic, which was headed by Farah. Farah, Boulaleh and another National Assembly deputy, Ali Mahamade Houmed, released a communiqué urging party militants and the people "to come together and mobilize to thwart, by all legal and peaceful means, this deliberate policy of President Hassan Gouled Aptidon to rule by terror and force while trampling underfoot our Constitution and republican institutions." As a result of this communiqué, they were accused of offending the Head of State, and their parliamentary immunity was lifted on 15 June 1996 so that they could be tried on this charge. They appealed the lifting of their parliamentary immunity to the Constitutional Council on 20 June, and it responded favorably in a decision on 31 July 1996. Despite this, they were sentenced to six months in prison in 7 August 1996. They were also fined 200,000 Djiboutian francs and deprived of their civic rights for five years, thereby barring them from seeking election to the National Assembly during that time. A subsequent report to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights asserted that the trial was unfair.
Two years later, along with Farah and 15 soldiers, Boulaleh was charged with fomenting military unrest and plotting a coup; the accused were put on trial in September 1998. On 1 October 2001, he and the others convicted of insulting the Head of State in 1996 were granted an amnesty.
A political party founded by Farah, the People's Social Democratic Party (PPSD), was legally registered in October 2002. Boulaleh became Vice-President of the PPSD and was elected to the National Assembly in the January 2003 parliamentary election as the eighth candidate on the candidate list of the ruling coalition, the Union for a Presidential Majority (UMP), in the 
city of Djibouti. As the oldest member of the National Assembly, he presided over the first sitting of the new parliamentary term, at which Idriss Arnaoud Ali was elected as President of the National Assembly, on 21 January 2003.
In the February 2008 parliamentary election, Boulaleh was the 11th candidate on the UMP's candidate list for the city of Djibouti, and he was re-elected. As the oldest member, he again presided over the first sitting of the new parliamentary term on 20 February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19600326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600326" title="Vladimir Akhalaia">
Vladimir Akhalaia

Vladimir "Lado" Akhalaia (born 26 June 1982) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays for FC Baia Zugdidi.
Career.
Akhalaia left FC Dinamo Tbilisi on loan for FC Zürich in 2005.
International career.
Akhalaia capped once for Georgia in 2004 against Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19600330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600330" title="Cecil Holmes (record executive)">
Cecil Holmes (record executive)

Cecil Holmes was a co-founder of Casablanca Records and a founder of Chocolate City Records.
In 1986, while working at Columbia's black music division, he signed The New Kids on the Block to their first record contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19600332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600332" title="Hello It's Me (album)">
Hello It's Me (album)

"Hello It's Me" is the second album by Lani Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19600362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600362" title="Grigol Chanturia">
Grigol Chanturia

Grigol Chanturia (born 25 September 1973 in Samtredia) is a Georgian retired footballer.
Career.
Chanturia was a regular for Torpedo Kutaisi until the arrival of international footballer Nikoloz Togonidze, Irakli Zoidze, Davit Gvaramadze and Zviad Sturua.
International career.
Chanturia played for Georgia as backup of Giorgi Lomaia.

</doc>
<doc id="19600382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600382" title="The Coffee Pot">
The Coffee Pot

The Coffee Pot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19600395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600395" title="Sweet Bird">
Sweet Bird

Sweet Bird is the third album by Lani Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19600407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600407" title="The Lincoln Hunters">
The Lincoln Hunters

The Lincoln Hunters is a 1958 novel by Wilson Tucker. The novel, set in the year 2578, details the story of a historian from the oppressive society of that year, who travels back in time to record Abraham Lincoln's Lost Speech of May 19, 1856 in Bloomington, Illinois.
It contains a vivid description of Lincoln in the early stages of his career, seen through the eyes of a future American who feels that Lincoln and his time compare very favorably with the traveler's own.
The book is mentioned in "11/22/63", a novel by Stephen King that also centers around time travel and an assassinated president. Furthermore, the protagonist springboards to 1958-the year ""Hunters"" first ran-to alter the timeline by 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19600416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600416" title="Isotope">
Isotope

Isotopes are variants of a particular chemical element such that, while all isotopes of a given element have the same number of protons in each atom, they differ in neutron number. The term isotope is formed from the Greek roots isos (ἴσος "equal") and topos (τόπος "place"), meaning "the same place". Thus, different isotopes of a single element occupy the same position on the periodic table. The number of protons within the atom's nucleus is called atomic number and is equal to the number of electrons in the neutral (un-ionized) atom. Each atomic number identifies a specific element, but not the isotope; an atom of a given element may have a wide range in its number of neutrons. The number of nucleons (both protons and neutrons) in the nucleus is the atom's mass number, and each isotope of a given element has a different mass number.
For example, carbon-12, carbon-13 and carbon-14 are three isotopes of the element carbon with mass numbers 12, 13 and 14 respectively. The atomic number of carbon is 6, which means that every carbon atom has 6 protons, so that the neutron numbers of these isotopes are 6, 7 and 8 respectively.
Isotope vs. nuclide.
Atoms with identical nuclei belong to one "nuclide", for example each carbon-13 nucleus is composed of 6 protons and 7 neutrons. The "nuclide" concept (referring to individual nuclear species) emphasizes nuclear properties over chemical properties, while the "isotope" concept (grouping all atoms of each element) emphasizes chemical over nuclear. The neutron number has large effects on nuclear properties, but its effect on chemical properties is negligible for most elements. Even in the case of the very lightest elements where the ratio of neutron number to atomic number varies the most between isotopes it usually has only a small effect, although it does matter in some circumstances (for hydrogen, the lightest element, the isotope effect is large enough to strongly affect biology). Since "isotope" is the older term, it is better known than "nuclide", and is still sometimes used in contexts where "nuclide" might be more appropriate, such as nuclear technology and nuclear medicine.
Notation.
An isotope and/or nuclide is specified by the name of the particular element (this indicates the atomic number implicitly) followed by a hyphen and the mass number (e.g. helium-3, helium-4, carbon-12, carbon-14, uranium-235 and uranium-239). When a chemical symbol is used, e.g., "C" for carbon, standard notation (now known as "AZE notation" because "A" is the mass number, "Z" the atomic number, and E for element) is to indicate the number of nucleons with a superscript at the upper left of the chemical symbol and to indicate the atomic number with a subscript at the lower left (e.g. , , , , , and , respectively). Since the atomic number is implied by the element symbol, it is common to state only the mass number in the superscript and leave out the atomic number subscript (e.g. , , , , , and , respectively). The letter "m" is sometimes appended after the mass number to indicate a nuclear isomer, a metastable or energetically-excited nuclear state (rather than the lowest-energy ground state), for example (tantalum-180m).
Radioactive, primordial, and stable isotopes.
Some isotopes are radioactive, and are therefore described as radioisotopes or radionuclides, while others have never been observed to undergo radioactive decay and are described as stable isotopes or stable nuclides. For example, is a radioactive form of carbon while and are stable isotopes. There are about 339 naturally occurring nuclides on Earth, of which 288 are primordial nuclides, meaning that they have existed since the solar system's formation.
Primordial nuclides include 35 nuclides with very long half-lives (over 80 million years) and 254 that are formally considered as "stable nuclides", since they have not been observed to decay. In most cases, for obvious reasons, if an element has stable isotopes, those isotopes predominate in the elemental abundance found on Earth and in the solar system. However, in the cases of three elements (tellurium, indium, and rhenium) the most abundant isotope found in nature is actually one (or two) extremely long lived radioisotope(s) of the element, despite these elements having one or more stable isotopes.
Theory predicts that many apparently "stable" isotopes/nuclides are radioactive, with extremely long half-lives (discounting the possibility of proton decay, which would make all nuclides ultimately unstable). Of the 254 nuclides never observed to decay, only 90 of these (all from the first 40 elements) are theoretically stable to all known forms of decay. Element 41 (niobium) is theoretically unstable via spontaneous fission, but this has never been detected. Many other stable nuclides are in theory energetically susceptible to other known forms of decay, such as alpha decay or double beta decay, but no decay products have yet been observed, and so these isotopes are described as "observationally stable". The predicted half-lives for these nuclides often greatly exceed the estimated age of the universe, and in fact there are also 27 known radionuclides (see primordial nuclide) with half-lives longer than the age of the universe.
Adding in the radioactive nuclides that have been created artificially, there are more than 3100 currently known nuclides. These include 905 nuclides that are either stable or have half-lives longer than 60 minutes. See list of nuclides for details.
History.
Radioactive isotopes.
The existence of isotopes was first suggested in 1913 by the radiochemist Frederick Soddy, based on studies of radioactive decay chains that indicated about 40 different species described as "radioelements" (i.e. radioactive elements) between uranium and lead, although the periodic table only allowed for 11 elements from uranium to lead.
Several attempts to separate these new radioelements chemically had failed. For example, Soddy had shown in 1910 that mesothorium (later shown to be 228Ra), radium (226Ra, the longest-lived isotope), and thorium X (224Ra) are impossible to separate. Attempts to place the radioelements in the periodic table led Soddy and Kazimierz Fajans independently to propose their radioactive displacement law in 1913, to the effect that alpha decay produced an element two places to the left in the periodic table, while beta decay emission produced an element one place to the right. Soddy recognized that emission of an alpha particle followed by two beta particles led to the formation of an element chemically identical to the initial element but with a mass four units lighter and with different radioactive properties.
Soddy proposed that several types of atoms (differing in radioactive properties) could occupy the same place in the table. For example, the alpha-decay of uranium-235 forms thorium-231, while the beta decay of actinium-230 forms thorium-230 The term "isotope", Greek for "at the same place", was suggested to Soddy by Margaret Todd, a Scottish physician and family friend, during a conversation in which he explained his ideas to her.
In 1914 T. W. Richards found variations between the atomic weight of lead from different mineral sources, attributable to variations in isotopic composition due to different radioactive origins.
Stable isotopes.
The first evidence for multiple isotopes of a stable (non-radioactive) element was found by J. J. Thomson in 1913 as part of his exploration into the composition of canal rays (positive ions). Thomson channeled streams of neon ions through a magnetic and an electric field and measured their deflection by placing a photographic plate in their path. Each stream created a glowing patch on the plate at the point it struck. Thomson observed two separate patches of light on the photographic plate (see image), which suggested two different parabolas of deflection. Thomson eventually concluded that some of the atoms in the neon gas were of higher mass than the rest.
F. W. Aston subsequently discovered multiple stable isotopes for numerous elements using a mass spectrograph. In 1919 Aston studied neon with sufficient resolution to show that the two isotopic masses are very close to the integers 20 and 22, and that neither is equal to the known molar mass (20.2) of neon gas. This is an example of Aston's whole number rule for isotopic masses, which states that large deviations of elemental molar masses from integers are primarily due to the fact that the element is a mixture of isotopes. Aston similarly showed that the molar mass of chlorine (35.45) is a weighted average of the almost integral masses for the two isotopes Cl-35 and Cl-37.
Variation in properties between isotopes.
Chemical and molecular properties.
A neutral atom has the same number of electrons as protons. Thus, different isotopes of a given element all have the same number of protons and share a similar electronic structure. Because the chemical behavior of an atom is largely determined by its electronic structure, different isotopes exhibit nearly identical chemical behavior. The main exception to this is the kinetic isotope effect: due to their larger masses, heavier isotopes tend to react somewhat more slowly than lighter isotopes of the same element. This is most pronounced for protium () and deuterium (), because deuterium has twice the mass of protium. The mass effect between deuterium and the relatively light protium also affects the behavior of their respective chemical bonds, by means of changing the center of gravity (reduced mass) of the atomic systems. However, for heavier elements, which have more neutrons than lighter elements, the ratio of the nuclear mass to the collective electronic mass is far greater, and the relative mass difference between isotopes is much less. For these two reasons, the mass-difference effects on chemistry are usually negligible.
In similar manner, two molecules that differ only in the isotopic nature of their atoms ("isotopologues") have identical electronic structure, and therefore almost indistinguishable physical and chemical properties (again with deuterium providing the primary exception to this rule). The vibrational modes of a molecule are determined by its shape and by the masses of its constituent atoms. As a consequence, isotopologues have different sets of vibrational modes. Since vibrational modes allow a molecule to absorb photons of corresponding energies, isotopologues have different optical properties in the infrared range.
Nuclear properties and stability.
Atomic nuclei consist of protons and neutrons bound together by the residual strong force. Because protons are positively charged, they repel each other. Neutrons, which are electrically neutral, stabilize the nucleus in two ways. Their copresence pushes protons slightly apart, reducing the electrostatic repulsion between the protons, and they exert the attractive nuclear force on each other and on protons. For this reason, one or more neutrons are necessary for two or more protons to bind into a nucleus. As the number of protons increases, so does the ratio of neutrons to protons necessary to ensure a stable nucleus (see graph at right). For example, although the neutron:proton ratio of is 1:2, the neutron:proton ratio of is greater than 3:2. A number of lighter elements have stable nuclides with the ratio 1:1 ("Z" = "N"). The nuclide (calcium-40) is observationally the heaviest stable nuclide with the same number of neutrons and protons; (theoretically, the heaviest stable one is sulfur-32). All stable nuclides heavier than calcium-40 contain more neutrons than protons.
Numbers of isotopes per element.
Of the 80 elements with a stable isotope, the largest number of stable isotopes observed for any element is ten (for the element tin). No element has nine stable isotopes. Xenon is the only element with eight stable isotopes. Four elements have seven stable isotopes, eight have six stable isotopes, ten have five stable isotopes, nine have four stable isotopes, five have three stable isotopes, 16 have two stable isotopes (counting as stable), and 26 elements have only a single stable isotope (of these, 19 are so-called mononuclidic elements, having a single primordial stable isotope that dominates and fixes the atomic weight of the natural element to high precision; 3 radioactive mononuclidic elements occur as well). In total, there are 254 nuclides that have not been observed to decay. For the 80 elements that have one or more stable isotopes, the average number of stable isotopes is 254/80 = 3.2 isotopes per element.
Even and odd nucleon numbers.
The proton:neutron ratio is not the only factor affecting nuclear stability. It depends also on evenness or oddness of its atomic number "Z", neutron number "N" and, consequently, of their sum, the mass number "A". Oddness of both "Z" and "N" tends to lower the nuclear binding energy, making odd nuclei, generally, less stable. This remarkable difference of nuclear binding energy between neighbouring nuclei, especially of odd-"A" isobars, has important consequences: unstable isotopes with a nonoptimal number of neutrons or protons decay by beta decay (including positron decay), electron capture or other exotic means, such as spontaneous fission and cluster decay.
The majority of stable nuclides are even-proton-even-neutron, where all numbers "Z", "N", and "A" are even. The odd-"A" stable nuclides are divided (roughly evenly) into odd-proton-even-neutron, and even-proton-odd-neutron nuclides. Odd-proton-odd-neutron nuclei are the least common.
Even atomic number.
The 148 even-proton, even-neutron (EE) nuclides comprise ~ 58% of all stable nuclides and all have spin 0 because of pairing. There are also 22 primordial long-lived even-even nuclides. As a result, each of the 41 even-numbered elements from 2 to 82 has at least one stable isotope, and most of these elements have "several" primordial isotopes. Half of these even-numbered elements have six or more stable isotopes. The extreme stability of helium-4 due to a double pairing of 2 protons and 2 neutrons prevents "any" nuclides containing five or eight nucleons from existing for long enough to serve as platforms for the buildup of heavier elements via nuclear fusion in stars (see triple alpha process).
These 53 stable nuclides have an even number of protons and an odd number of neutrons. They are a minority in comparison to the even-even isotopes, which are about 3 times as numerous. Among the 41 even-"Z" elements that have a stable nuclide, only three elements (argon, cerium, and lead) have no even-odd stable nuclides. One element (tin) has three. There are 24 elements that have one even-odd nuclide and 13 that have two odd-even nuclides. Of 35 primordial radionuclides there exist four even-odd nuclides (see table at right), including the fissile . Because of their odd neutron numbers, the even-odd nuclides tend to have large neutron capture cross sections, due to the energy that results from neutron-pairing effects. These stable even-proton odd-neutron nuclides tend to be uncommon by abundance in nature, generally because, to form and enter into primordial abundance, they must have escaped capturing neutrons to form yet other stable even-even isotopes, during both the s-process and r-process of neutron capture, during nucleosynthesis in stars. For this reason, only and are the most naturally abundant isotopes of their element.
Odd atomic number.
48 stable odd-proton-even-neutron nuclides, stabilized by their even numbers of paired neutrons, form most of the stable isotopes of the odd-numbered elements; the very few odd-odd nuclides comprise the others. There are 41 odd-numbered elements with "Z" = 1 through 81, with 39 of these having any stable isotopes (the elements technetium () and promethium () have no stable isotopes). Of these 39 odd "Z" elements, 30 elements (including hydrogen-1 where 0 neutrons is even) have one stable odd-even isotope, and nine elements: chlorine (),
potassium (),
copper (), 
gallium (), 
bromine (), 
silver (), 
antimony (), 
iridium (), 
and thallium (), have two odd-even stable isotopes each. This makes a total 30 + 2(9) = 48 stable odd-even isotopes.
There are also five primordial long-lived radioactive odd-even isotopes, , , , , and . The last two were only recently found to decay, with half-lives greater than 1018 years.
Only five stable nuclides contain both an odd number of protons "and" an odd number of neutrons. The first four "odd-odd" nuclides occur in low mass nuclides, for which changing a proton to a neutron or vice versa would lead to a very lopsided proton-neutron ratio (, , , and ; spins 1, 1, 3, 1). The only other entirely "stable" odd-odd nuclide is (spin 9), the only primordial nuclear isomer, which has not yet been observed to decay despite experimental attempts. Hence, all observationally stable odd-odd nuclides have nonzero integer spin. This is because the single unpaired neutron and unpaired proton have a larger nuclear force attraction to each other if their spins are aligned (producing a total spin of at least 1 unit), instead of anti-aligned. See deuterium for the simplest case of this nuclear behavior.
Many odd-odd radionuclides (like tantalum-180) with comparatively short half lives are known. Usually, they beta-decay to their nearby even-even isobars that have paired protons and paired neutrons. Of the nine primordial odd-odd nuclides (five stable and four radioactive with long half lives), only is the most common isotope of a common element. This is the case because it is a part of the CNO cycle. The nuclides and are minority isotopes of elements that are themselves rare compared to other light elements, while the other six isotopes make up only a tiny percentage of the natural abundance of their elements. For example, is thought to be the rarest of the 254 stable isotopes.
Odd neutron number.
Actinides with odd neutron number are generally fissile (with thermal neutrons), while those with even neutron number are generally not, though they are fissionable with fast neutrons.
Only , and have odd neutron number and are the most naturally abundant isotope of their element.
Occurrence in nature.
Elements are composed of one or more naturally occurring isotopes. The unstable (radioactive) isotopes are either primordial or postprimordial. Primordial isotopes were a product of stellar nucleosynthesis or another type of nucleosynthesis such as cosmic ray spallation, and have persisted down to the present because their rate of decay is so slow (e.g., uranium-238 and potassium-40). Postprimordial isotopes were created by cosmic ray bombardment as cosmogenic nuclides (e.g., tritium, carbon-14), or by the decay of a radioactive primordial isotope to a radioactive radiogenic nuclide daughter (e.g., uranium to radium). A few isotopes are naturally synthesized as nucleogenic nuclides, by some other natural nuclear reaction, such as when neutrons from natural nuclear fission are absorbed by another atom.
As discussed above, only 80 elements have any stable isotopes, and 26 of these have only one stable isotope. Thus, about two thirds of stable elements occur naturally on Earth in multiple stable isotopes, with the largest number of stable isotopes for an element being ten, for tin (). There are about 94 elements found naturally on Earth (up to plutonium inclusive), though some are detected only in very tiny amounts, such as plutonium-244. Scientists estimate that the elements that occur naturally on Earth (some only as radioisotopes) occur as 339 isotopes (nuclides) in total. Only 254 of these naturally occurring isotopes are stable in the sense of never having been observed to decay as of the present time. An additional 35 primordial nuclides (to a total of 289 primordial nuclides), are radioactive with known half-lives, but have half-lives longer than 80 million years, allowing them to exist from the beginning of the solar system. See list of nuclides for details.
All the known stable isotopes occur naturally on Earth; the other naturally occurring-isotopes are radioactive but occur on Earth due to their relatively long half-lives, or else due to other means of ongoing natural production. These include the afore-mentioned cosmogenic nuclides, the nucleogenic nuclides, and any radiogenic radioisotopes formed by ongoing decay of a primordial radioactive isotope, such as radon and radium from uranium.
An additional ~3000 radioactive isotopes not found in nature have been created in nuclear reactors and in particle accelerators. Many short-lived isotopes not found naturally on Earth have also been observed by spectroscopic analysis, being naturally created in stars or supernovae. An example is aluminium-26, which is not naturally found on Earth, but is found in abundance on an astronomical scale.
The tabulated atomic masses of elements are averages that account for the presence of multiple isotopes with different masses. Before the discovery of isotopes, empirically determined noninteger values of atomic mass confounded scientists. For example, a sample of chlorine contains 75.8% chlorine-35 and 24.2% chlorine-37, giving an average atomic mass of 35.5 atomic mass units.
According to generally accepted cosmology theory, only isotopes of hydrogen and helium, traces of some isotopes of lithium and beryllium, and perhaps some boron, were created at the Big Bang, while all other isotopes were synthesized later, in stars and supernovae, and in interactions between energetic particles such as cosmic rays, and previously produced isotopes. (See nucleosynthesis for details of the various processes thought responsible for isotope production.) The respective abundances of isotopes on Earth result from the quantities formed by these processes, their spread through the galaxy, and the rates of decay for isotopes that are unstable. After the initial coalescence of the solar system, isotopes were redistributed according to mass, and the isotopic composition of elements varies slightly from planet to planet. This sometimes makes it possible to trace the origin of meteorites.
Atomic mass of isotopes.
The atomic mass ("m"r) of an isotope is determined mainly by its mass number (i.e. number of nucleons in its nucleus). Small corrections are due to the binding energy of the nucleus (see mass defect), the slight difference in mass between proton and neutron, and the mass of the electrons associated with the atom, the latter because the electron:nucleon ratio differs among isotopes.
The mass number is a dimensionless quantity. The atomic mass, on the other hand, is measured using the atomic mass unit based on the mass of the carbon-12 atom. It is denoted with symbols "u" (for unified atomic mass unit) or "Da" (for dalton).
The atomic masses of naturally occurring isotopes of an element determine the atomic mass of the element. When the element contains "N" isotopes, the expression below is applied for the average atomic mass formula_1:
formula_2
where "m"1, "m"2, ..., "m""N" are the atomic masses of each individual isotope, and "x"1, ..., "x""N" are the relative abundances of these isotopes.
Applications of isotopes.
Purification of isotopes.
Several applications exist that capitalize on properties of the various isotopes of a given element. Isotope separation is a significant technological challenge, particularly with heavy elements such as uranium or plutonium. Lighter elements such as lithium, carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen are commonly separated by gas diffusion of their compounds such as CO and NO. The separation of hydrogen and deuterium is unusual since it is based on chemical rather than physical properties, for example in the Girdler sulfide process. Uranium isotopes have been separated in bulk by gas diffusion, gas centrifugation, laser ionization separation, and (in the Manhattan Project) by a type of production mass spectrometry.

</doc>
<doc id="19600440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600440" title="Double or Nothing (Lani Hall album)">
Double or Nothing (Lani Hall album)

Double or Nothing is the fourth album by Lani Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19600444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600444" title="Blue Sky Mine">
Blue Sky Mine

Blue Sky Mine is a song by Australian rock band Midnight Oil released in 1990 as the first single from their album "Blue Sky Mining". It peaked at No. 8 in the ARIA Singles Chart, No. 7 on the "RPM" Top 100 Singles chart in Canada, No. 25 in the French Top 50, No. 66 in the UK Singles Chart, No. 47 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and No. 1 on both the "Billboard" Album Rock and Modern Rock charts.
The song was inspired by the experiences of workers at the Wittenoom asbestos mines who contracted various asbestos-related diseases. The "blue" refers to blue asbestos, and the "sugar refining company" refers to the Colonial Sugar Refining company (CSR), the owner of the mines.

</doc>
<doc id="19600458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600458" title="Flex Linhas Aéreas">
Flex Linhas Aéreas

Flex Linhas Aéreas, styled as FLEX, was a Brazilian non-regular charter airline based at Rio de Janeiro-Galeão International Airport. It is the brand name of Nordeste Linhas Aéreas S.A., judicial successor of former Viação Aérea Rio-Grandense, known as Varig. Informally Flex is known as "old Varig". The rebranding was necessary because since July 20, 2006 the brand Varig belongs to a different judicial entity. Flex was declared bankrupt on August 20, 2010.
History.
The history of Flex Linhas Aéreas is intimately related to the one of Varig, since Flex is the judicial successor of Varig.
On 17 June 2005 the airline Varig requested to be placed under bankruptcy protection and to begin a recovery process. The request was granted on 22 June 2005.
As part of this process, the airline was divided into two portions, informally known as "old" Varig and "new" Varig. "Old" Varig was judicially known as Viação Aérea Rio-Grandense. "New" Varig, judicially known as VRG Linhas Aéreas, is a new airline formed with some assets of the original Varig and which was auctioned on 14 July 2006. The legal procedures were finalized on 20 July 2006. Since that day VRG Linhas Aéreas and Viação Aérea Rio-Grandense have been different judicial entities and airlines. 
At the time of the auction, the assets of VRG Linhas Aéreas comprised the brands Varig and Rio Sul Serviços Aéreos, Varig's route rights, all aircraft but one and the Smiles mileage program. VRG Linhas Aéreas was bought by VarigLog. On 28 March 2007 VarigLog sold "new Varig" to Gol Transportes Aéreos, which presently operates the brand Varig.
Viação Aérea Rio Grandense, informally known as "old Varig", retained the brand of Varig's former subsidiary Nordeste Linhas Aéreas Regionais, the IATA code of Nordeste, one aircraft, debts, liabilities, legal disputes, and various assets, concessions and properties of the original Varig. Since "old Varig", could not use the name Varig (brand and judicial name) anymore, its official judicial denomination changed to Nordeste Linhas Aéreas S.A.
In order to give an image of new start, the brand name Flex was chosen. This name was unveiled on 23 October 2007 during the Brazilian Travel Agents Congress ABAV, in Rio de Janeiro. The first flight under the new brand, a charter return flight between Rio de Janeiro Galeão-Antonio Carlos Jobim International Airport and Salvador-Deputado Luís Eduardo Magalhães International Airport, took place on 8 March 2008. 
Between 17 June 2005 and 2 September 2009, Viação Aérea Rio-Grandense and later its successor since 2007 known by the brand Flex, remained in Recovery Order in the 1st Business Court of Rio de Janeiro, under the leadership of Judges Luiz Roberto Ayoub and Miguel Dau. After the bankruptcy protection was lifted, the administration of the airline could have returned to its original owner, Fundação Ruben Berta, which still owed 87% of the shares of Varig. However, Fundação Ruben Berta preferred to keep a judicial administrator.
On 18 August 2009, Flex Linhas Aéreas had its authorization to operate non-regular passenger, cargo and postal services renewed for one year by the Brazilian Civil Aviation Agency (ANAC). Therefore, Flex operated flights on behalf of other airlines, as contracted. As part of the decisions made during the 2006 split, VRG Linhas Aéreas ("new Varig", owner of the brands Varig and Gol), was obliged to purchase from Flex a minimum of 140 hours worth of services per month. For this reason, some of VRG Linhas Aéreas flights, usually two flights a day, were operated by Flex under Gol flight numbers. This agreement ended in 2009.
Flex was on a BRL4 billion (USD2,1 billion, EUR1,5 billion) judicial dispute with the Federal Government of Brazil, a sum that corresponded to approximately 50% of its debts. The question is still under analysis at the Federal Supreme Court and the airline had already won the cause in all other instances. Furthermore, Flex financial problems persisted, including momentary failure to pay the due insurance costs of its sole aircraft and leasing fees to the owner of the aircraft, which led to the grounding of the aircraft between November 1 and November 27, 2009.
On November 10, 2009 the director Aurélio Penelas was replaced by Carlos Berardinelli, who was able to reach an agreement with the lessor weeks later and Flex could fly again. However, on February 1, 2010, the Flex aircraft was grounded again for delays in payment of insurance and leasing fees.
As a result of accumulated debts around BRL10 billion (USD5,7 billion, EUR4,5 billion), on August 20, 2010, at the request of the administrator, the 1st Business Court of Rio de Janeiro declared Flex bankrupt and initiated the process of liquidation. However, on September 10, the bankruptcy process was suspended at the request of Ruben Berta Foundation and the company returned in practical terms to recovery order status until the validity of the bankruptcy is judged.
Destinations.
Flex Linhas Aéreas operated non-regular passenger, cargo and postal services on behalf of other airlines, as contracted, being Gol its main client. For this reason, some of VRG Linhas Aéreas flights were operated by Flex, under Gol flight numbers.
Fleet.
The fleet of Flex Linhas Aéreas included the following aircraft in August 2010:
Flex Aviation and Flex Communication Services.
FLEX Linhas Aéreas offers training for activities related to the air transport industries at the Flex Aviation Center (FAC), with schools located in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. It commissions and trains pilots, flight crew, flight operational, dispatchers operational, specialists in flight safety, onsite staff to airports and shops, handling of cargo, and management courses. Its courses are recognized by organizations such as IATA and ICAO. 
Flex Linhas Aéreas provided services to Aerodrome Flight Information Region (AFIS), and Meteorology Service (MET) and Airport Information Service (AIS) on several airports in Brazil through the Flex Communication Center (FCC). FCC served, among others: TAM Airlines, VRG Linhas Aéreas (operator of Gol and Varig brands), VarigLog, Avianca Brazil, NHT Linhas Aéreas, and Embraer. After the bankruptcy on August 20, 2010, this service was taken over by TRIP Linhas Aéreas.

</doc>
<doc id="19600467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600467" title="Valerian Zirakadze">
Valerian Zirakadze

Valerian Zirakadze (born 19 April 1978) is a Georgian footballer who is currently a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="19600470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600470" title="Department of Forest Conservation (Sri Lanka)">
Department of Forest Conservation (Sri Lanka)

The Department of Forest Conservation is a non-ministerial government department responsible for forestry in Sri Lanka. Its mission is to protect and expand Sri Lanka's forests and woodlands. The head of the department is the Conservator General, K.P. Ariyadasa. It comes under the purview of the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources.
It has limited policing powers in protected forest areas to stop illegal poaching and logging, with the power to arrest suspects.
Forests.
Some of the forests managed by the Department of Forest Conservation are:

</doc>
<doc id="19600479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600479" title="Riverdale High School (Jefferson Parish, Louisiana)">
Riverdale High School (Jefferson Parish, Louisiana)

Riverdale High School is a public secondary school in Jefferson, unincorporated Jefferson Parish, Louisiana. It is a part of the Jefferson Parish Public Schools.
History.
Riverdale High School was established in 1962 as an all-girls, grades 9-12 high school, with a Scottish Lassie as the mascot. The school became coed in 1981 and the mascot changed to the Scottish Rebel. Grades 7-8 were added in 1986, followed by grade 6 in 1988, but the middle and high school programs were split into separate schools in 1994. With the separation, Riverdale High School adopted 4x4 block scheduling, which splits the academic year into quarters and uses a four-period day. 
As of 2008, 15,000 students have graduated from Riverdale High.
School uniforms.
Students are required to wear a school uniform. This consists of a Riverdale oxford button-down shirt, khaki pants, grey plaid skirt, and either a Riverdale V neck sweater or Riverdale pull over sweater. No sweatshirt other than a Riverdale sweatshirt is allowed, and the sweatshirt cannot have a hood.
Campus.
There are a total of ten buildings that make up the campus. There a four buildings which make a square. Within the square is a courtyard with a fountain and various seating. North Hall, South Hall, and West Hall consist of various classrooms. East Hall is the entrance to school, along with the administration offices and the library. Other buildings on campus include a Gymnasium (consisting of the basketball court, the basketball locker rooms, coaches' offices, locker room showers, the weight room, and special education exercise room), the AFJROTC Building (consisting of AFJROTC, the Band Room, and the Levee View Theater), the Athletic Building (consisting of the TV Studio, Locker Rooms, and Coaches' Offices), the Cafeteria (first floor - cafeteria, second floor - Art Classrooms and Home Economic Classrooms and Kitchens), the Health Center, and the Student Council Building (consisting of the SBA room, the wrestling room, and wood shop). There is also a field used for baseball and football practice near the Athletic Building.
Curriculum.
The curriculum for Riverdale High is the IBO (International Baccalaureate Program).
Extracurricular activities.
The extracurricular activities consist of flag team, dance team, speech and debate, SBA (Student Body Association), GSA, Key Club, AFJROTC, National Honors Society, Quiz Bowl, TV Productions, 240 Gaming Club, Yearbook, Peer Mediation, Best Buddies, Go Green Club, and African-American Studies Club.
Athletics.
The athletics at Riverdale High School consist of baseball, softball, soccer, cheer leading, football, wrestling, volleyball, basketball, cross country, and track.

</doc>
<doc id="19600486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600486" title="The Coffee Pot (Tasmania)">
The Coffee Pot (Tasmania)

The Coffee Pot is a steep, rocky islet, with an area of 0.31 ha, in south-eastern Australia, with a shape suggesting a coffee pot. It is part of the Trumpeter Islets Group, lying close to the southern end of the western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Fauna.
The Black-faced Cormorant breeds on the islet.

</doc>
<doc id="19600490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600490" title="Port Colborne High School">
Port Colborne High School

Port Colborne High School, or Port High is a high school located in Port Colborne, just north of the eastern edge of Lake Erie, Ontario, Canada. It is part of the District School Board of Niagara and has been serving the communities of Wainfleet and Port Colborne since the 1920s. The school competes with students from communities in Wainfleet, Dunnville, and Port Colborne.
Port High is a composite high school, where students successfully graduate to attend Colleges and Universities across Canada. The school offers 3 Specialist High Skills Major programs in Arts and Culture, Manufacturing, and Automotive Technology.Students have the opportunity to participate in a full range of sporting and cultural activities
Port High has a highly respected Technology department. The school also offers a wide range of academic and arts programs that prepare students for university, college, and the world of work. The school has a student population of just under 600 students.
History.
The History of Port Colborne High School dates back to 1920 when the town of Port Colborne became a focal point of many new industries. The arrival of the International Nickel Company of Canada (INCO) in 1918, the prospering businesses of Canada Furnace, Maple Leaf Mills and Canada Cement along with the building of the forth Welland Canal brought many new residents and their families to the town. A need for an educational institution was realized. In 1920 the Port Colborne School Board purchased four acres of land from Dewitt Carter on the corner of Steel and Elgin Streets. Building started in 1920 and in 1921 the Port Colborne Continuation School opened its doors for the first time with four classrooms a science lab and a gymnasium (currently the theatre). This school offered students in Port Colborne grades 9-11. If a student wanted to further their education after grade 11 they needed to travel to Welland, via trolley, to complete their fourth and fifth terms (Grade12 and 13).
In 1922 an application was made to the Ontario Government for High School status which was granted in 1923. The first graduates of Port High received their diplomas on December 20, 1923. At this time the school board consisted of 6 members while there were only 5 teachers employed at Port High teaching 100 students! 
In 1926, the first of many additions were built to accommodate the growing student population by adding four classrooms to the back of the existing building. Since that time there have been four other major renovations. 1938, 6 classes, a gym, a shop class and a home economics class room was added. 1960’s another gym, science classes and a technical wing was built. 1989 saw the improvement of the library and main office area, as well as many stairwells closed to make the building more energy efficient. With the latest addition being the new entranceway and foyer built in 2008.
During the late 60’s, the school housed over 1600 students with 90 teachers. The school was bursting at the seams and a new school for Port Colborne was needed. A shift system was put into place with Port High students attending school in the morning and future Lockview Park students attending in the afternoon. In February 1970 the new school located on Janet Street opened its doors to over 600 students. Many of these students would return to PCHS for grade 13 as Lockview was a 9-12 school only.

</doc>
<doc id="19600513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600513" title="Umtanum Ridge">
Umtanum Ridge

Umtanum Ridge is a long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County and Kittitas County in the U.S. state of Washington. It runs for approximately 55 miles east-southeast from the Cascade Range, through the Yakima Training Center to the edge of the Columbia River at Priest Rapids Dam and Hanford Reach. The eastern end of Umtanum Ridge enters Hanford Reach National Monument and the Hanford Site. Umtanum Ridge is paralleled on the north by Manastash Ridge and on the south by Yakima Ridge. The Yakima River cuts through the ridge at the Umtanum Ridge Water Gap.
Umtanum Ridge is part of the Yakima Fold Belt of east-tending long ridges formed by the folding of Miocene Columbia River basalt flows.

</doc>
<doc id="19600514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600514" title="Sam Fletcher (soccer)">
Sam Fletcher (soccer)

Sam Fletcher (born 1890 in Manchester, England; died January 22, 1972 in Cranston, Rhode Island) was an English football (soccer) full back who played professionally in England, Canada and the United States. He later coached the Brown University soccer team.
Player.
Fletcher began his career in England, playing in the Manchester and District League. The League was experiencing difficulties which led to its suspending operations in 1912. Before that happened, Fletcher left England and emigrated to Canada in 1910. He settled in Hamilton, Ontario where he played for several teams including the Independent Labour Party Team and Hamilton Lancashire. At some point, he moved to the Niagara Falls Rangers which went to the semifinals of the 1914 National Challenge Cup.
In October 1914, he signed with Bethlehem Steel F.C., a powerhouse team playing in the Allied American Foot Ball League. He remained with Bethlehem for seven seasons. During those years, Fletcher and Jock Ferguson anchored the Steelmen defense, taking the team to six league titles, four National Challenge Cups and four American Cups. In 1921, Fletcher left Bethlehem with the establishment of the first American Soccer League. He signed with Harrison S.C. and spent two seasons with the team before moving to the Newark Skeeters for the 1923–24 season. In 1924, he became the player-coach of the expansion Providence F.C.. In 1928, the team was renamed the Gold Bugs under new ownership. Fletcher played two games that season, then retired.
Coach.
In July 1924, Fletcher was hired to coach the newly established Providence F.C. He headed the team for at least four seasons. In 1925, he added duties coaching the Brown University soccer team to his professional responsibilities. He held that position until Joe Kennaway replaced him in 1946.
In addition to playing and coaching, Fletcher was also the ASL secretary in the early 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="19600521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600521" title="Rich Robertson">
Rich Robertson

Rich Robertson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19600537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600537" title="Lazar Polyakov">
Lazar Polyakov

Lazar Polyakov (, born 1843 in Dubroŭna – died 1914) was a Russian entrepreneur. Polyakov founded his first bank in 1872 and by 1890s owned an influential financial group; he was informally named "Rothschild of Moscow". His business collapsed in early 1900s and was completely disbanded by 1909.
Biography.
Lazar and his brothers, future railroad magnate Samuel Polyakov and banker Yakov Polyakov, were born into the family of a small trader in Dubroŭna. His family was Jewish. Lazar remained in the shadow of his better-known brother and employer Samuel until 1872, when he founded "L. S. Polyakov Bank" in Moscow.
In 1870s and 1880s Polyakov founded five more commercial banks (in Moscow, Oryol, Saint Petersburg and Odessa) and two mortgage banks (Moscow, Yaroslavl). He remained the principal shareholder and manager of these banks until their collapse in 1900s. The group also included insurance and trading companies. The assets of his top level holding companies were valued at 40 million roubles, mostly in the stock of his own enterprises.
Polyakov created wealth through stock exchange deals and trading in Ukrainian and Southern Russian wheat. His business rarely ventured into the textiles, metalworking and real estate that were the fields of traditional Moscow bankers. However, the Jewish sources point at the rivalry between Polyakov and ethnic Russian bankers represented by the mayor of Moscow Nikolay Alekseyev. This competition allegedly influenced the deportation of Jews of 1891–1892.
Polyakov's continuing practice of relying on the inflated value of his own stock used as collateral contributed to his own demise. It started with Yakov Polyakov's bank problems in 1898. Then in 1901 Yakov's "Peterburg-Azov Bank" collapsed beyond recovery. Recession of 1900s brought the stock prices down. Polyakov defaulted on his loans and his banks folded one by one. The Ministry of Finance, fearing a domino effect bank run, initially supported Polyakov's banks. However as the crisis developed the banker himself became an obstacle to restructuring.
In 1909 the Ministry of Finance took over the last three surviving banks and consolidated them into a new "United Bank" (). The three banks declared 25 million roubles in assets of which 17.5 million were written off as bad debt. United Bank was chaired by an ethnic Russian appointed by the government, while Polyakov's son Alexander retained a seat on the board of directors. 
In the end, Lazar's own finances were ruined to the extent that his own sons refused to take up his debt-ridden estate upon his death.
Lazar Polyakov remained the leader of Moscow Jewish community for 35 years, and has been the main sponsor of Moscow Choral Synagogue. Prior to its completion in 1906, Polyakov allowed the congregation to pray in his own house. Rebbe Mase said in the funeral eulogy, that ""his name is retold in fairytales across the pale of settlement. Our poorer brethren, blessing themselves on their wedding days, say 'Let G-d make you equal to Polyakov'"".

</doc>
<doc id="19600575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600575" title="1993–94 Ukrainian Cup">
1993–94 Ukrainian Cup

The Ukrainian Cup 1993–94 is the 3rd annual edition of Ukraine's football knockout competition, known as the Ukrainian Cup.
The Cup started with the round of 32, but it also had couple of preliminaries. The tournament started on August 1, 1993 with numerous games across the country and concluded with its final game on May 29, 1994. The last season defending champion FC Dynamo Kyiv was eliminated in the Round of 16 by FC Veres Rivne on the away goal rule. This season cup holders became FC Chornomorets Odessa that in the final defeated the Crimean SC Tavriya Simferopol on the penalty shootout.
During the preliminary rounds two games were decided administratively. For one Druzhba Berdyansk - Azovets Mariupol, Azovets Mariupol did not submit required documentation, and in another one Meliorator Kakhovka - Artania Ochakiv that was initially won by Kakhovka 2:1 it was awarded a technical loss (-:+) instead as a disciplinary action. One more game Lviv - Karpaty Chernivtsi did not take place as Karpaty chose not arrive to the game.
Team allocation.
One hundred ten teams entered the competition
Competition schedule.
First preliminary round.
Almost all games were played on August 1, 1993. The game between Polihraftekhnika and Shakhtar took place on August 3.
Second preliminary round.
Almost all games were played on August 7, 1993. The game between Veres and Krok took place on August 11.
First Elimination Round.
Second leg.
"Shakhtar won 8–1 on aggregate"
"Chornomorets won 4–0 on aggregate"
"Volyn won 2–2 on away goal rule"
"Bukovyna won 3–3 on away goal rule"
"Zorya won 2–2 on penalties"
"Karpaty won 3–0 on aggregate"
"Nyva won 2–1 on aggregate"
"Metalurh won 7–0 on aggregate"
"Nyva won 5–2 on aggregate"
"Tavria won 5–3 on aggregate"
"Kremina won 6–3 on aggregate"
"Temp won 3–1 on aggregate"
"Torpedo won 4–3 on aggregate"
"Veres won 3–1 on aggregate"
"Dnipro won 7–1 on aggregate"
"Dynamo won 7–1 on aggregate"
Second Elimination Round.
Second leg.
"Volyn won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Karpaty won 8–3 on aggregate"
"Dnipro won 4–3 on aggregate"
"Chornomorets won 4–0 on aggregate"
"Tavriya won 3–0 on aggregate"
"Kremin won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Torpedo won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Veres won 1–1 on away goal rule"
Quarterfinals.
Second leg.
"Karpaty won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Chornomorets won 4–0 on aggregate"
"Tavriya won 5–1 on aggregate"
"Veres won 2–2 on away goal rule"
Semifinals.
Second leg.
"Tavriya won 2–0 on aggregate"
"Chornomorets won 2–1 on aggregate"
Final.
The final was held at the NSC Olimpiysky on May 29, 1994 in Kiev.

</doc>
<doc id="19600584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600584" title="Roan Plateau">
Roan Plateau

The Roan Plateau, located in western Colorado, USA, near Rifle, contains a variety of natural resources and scenic terrain: high ridges, deep valleys, desert lands, waterfalls, cutthroat trout, mountain lions, bears, rare plants, and oil and natural gas. On September 25, 2008, the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA’s Terra satellite captured this image of the region through nearly cloud-free skies.
In this natural-color image the Roan Plateau assumes shades of green, brown, and beige, and deep canyons form branching, tree-like patterns on the landscape, and desert lands in the portions west of Meeker, Craig, and Rifle. Irrigation enables crops to thrive in this largely arid environment, evidenced by the relative greenness of the orchards and lawns around Grand Junction, Colorado. West of Rifle, the high desert terrain begins. Small towns of Battlement Mesa, Parachute, and De Beque are all high desert terrain. The land of Grand Junction and all around the city is pale beige, and has high desert terrain. This desert landscape extends west and southwest into Utah, and north across the roan plateau, and into Wyoming. The desert land also extends southeast through Whitewater, Delta, Olathe, and Montrose, and then the desert lands end as you pass the Montrose area. East of Grand Junction, however, Grand Mesa (partially obscured by clouds) is well-forested with conifers.
The dramatic changes in elevation throughout the Roan Plateau provide habitat to many of the area’s wild species which, combined with the landscape, are popular attractions for hikers, four-wheelers, and wildlife enthusiasts.
Natural gas.
The plateau's energy reserves invite exploration and drilling: existing wells produce natural gas immediately adjacent to the plateau. In 2000 the U.S. Bureau of Land Management began developing the Roan Plateau Resource Management Plan. Released in final form in early 2008, the plan allowed for recovery of natural gas from beneath the plateau while setting aside 21,034 acres (85 square kilometers) as an Area of Critical Environmental Concern. 
In accordance with the Management Plan, the BLM leased for gas development on the Roan Plateau in August 2008. The winning competitive bids totaled $113.9 million in lease bonuses, a record for a federal onshore lease sale in the lower 48 states. The Colorado state government will receive 49% of the lease bonuses, as well as 49% of subsequent royalties (royalties are 12.5% of the gross value) from gas sales. The lease sale received much criticism from those opposed to development on the plateau, including from Colorado Governor Bill Ritter.

</doc>
<doc id="19600699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600699" title="Alex Frayne">
Alex Frayne

Alex Frayne is an Adelaide based Australian film director whose films have received attention locally and abroad. He studied Film at the Flinders University of South Australia, where he met long-time collaborator and cinematographer Nick Matthews. With Matthews and school friend Tom Heuzenroeder, he formed Sputnik Films .
Biography.
Alex Frayne graduated from Flinders University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1996, moving straight into production with a series of short films from 1998-2004.
He then directed, edited, and produced his debut feature film "Modern Love" in 2006. It screened at over 30 world festivals, secured theatrical releases in Australia, NZ and the UK, and was released on DVD via the Accent Underground label. In the US the film was released by Seminal Films.
Variety Magazine critic Richard Kuipers hailed the film: ""...unlike anything else in the Australian genre catalogue" destined for..."cult status...""
He is a recognized photographer who won the 2010 Atkins SALA South Australian Living Artists Festival
Photographic Award and was semi finalist in the 2010 Moran Contemporary Photographic Prize.
He plays Jazz piano and holds of one of the world's largest rare jazz fusion and funk music collections. He also plays competitive Texas Hold'em Poker and tennis. He is based at the South Australian Film Corporation, and is due to direct his second feature film Texas Dolly, in mid-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19600702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600702" title="1967 NFL Expansion Draft">
1967 NFL Expansion Draft

The 1967 National Football League Expansion Draft was a National Football League (NFL) draft in which a new expansion team, named the New Orleans Saints, selected its first players. On November 1, 1966, (All Saints Day), NFL owners awarded its 16th team franchise to the city of New Orleans, Louisiana. The expansion draft included future Hall of Famer running back Paul Hornung, who set an NFL record by scoring 176 points in only 12 games in 1960 for the Green Bay Packers, but did not play in Super Bowl I. Hornung never played a down for the Saints and retired in the preseason due to a neck injury.
Following the expansion draft, the Saints signed Hornung's backfield mate with the Packers, Jim Taylor to a 10-year, $400,000 contract. Taylor played just one season in his home state (Taylor was a native of Baton Rouge and was an All-American at LSU) and retired in September 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19600703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600703" title="Yakima Ridge">
Yakima Ridge

Yakima Ridge is a long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County and Benton County in the U.S. state of Washington. From its western end just north of the city of Yakima, the ridge runs east-southeast through the Yakima Training Center to its eastern end at Hanford Reach National Monument and the Hanford Site. Yakima Ridge is paralleled on the north by Umtanum Ridge and on the south by the Rattlesnake Hills. Moxee Valley and Black Rock Valley lie south of Yakima Ridge.
Yakima Ridge is part of the Yakima Fold Belt of east-tending long ridges formed by the folding of Miocene Columbia River basalt flows.

</doc>
<doc id="19600720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600720" title="The Vale Niseko">
The Vale Niseko

"The Vale Niseko", is a ski-side serviced apartment and condo-hotel property development in Niseko, on Japan’s northern island of Hokkaidō. 
Announced in 2007, is Niseko’s largest residential single complex with a total of 49 residences, outdoor heated pool, private onsen (natural thermal hot spring baths), restaurant, bar and après ski terrace.
Located on the ski run in upper Hirafu Village, construction began in June 2008.
Location.
"The Vale Niseko" is one of only a handful of ski-in ski-out buildings in Niseko due the limited amount of residential land bordering the ski runs.
Sitting at the base of the Family Run and approx 120 m to the village centre, owner/developer Niseko Alpine Developments (NISADE) bought additional neighbouring land on the ski run to ensure the ski run views are preserved. 
The site sits above an existing onsen from which the natural hot water is used to supply heating, water to private and public onsens throughout the building.
Architecture.
Architect Hokkaido Nikken Sekkei uses a non-traditional design by shaping the building around each unit's view, rather than treating the building as a whole. This allows every unit to obtain maximum possible views from every room.
As typical in Niseko, design is a fusion of Japanese and Western styling. "The Vale Niseko" features private onsens that look up the ski run, interior alpine stone, fireplaces, huge floor-to-ceiling glazing and Japanese-style bathrooms.
The buildings sheer size and location can be seen from almost anywhere in Hirafu Village. For this reason the façade incorporates semi-frameless glass balconies, a stone base and timber cedar paneling to represent the local alpine environs.
Onsen.
The building incorporates a traditional Japanese onsen with a twist. An ultra-modern design mixes with the old tradition to create a bathing experience unique only to Niseko.
Designed to relax after a days powder skiing or golf, persons can choose to use the main outdoor public onsen or the units' private onsen, both utilising the naturally-heated volcanic waters from the 700 m deep well.
Opening.
The Vale Niseko was completed on schedule by December 9th 2009, with the building at 100% occupancy 9 days from opening due to the popular winter season in Niseko.

</doc>
<doc id="19600736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600736" title="Aviation Maintenance Technician">
Aviation Maintenance Technician

Aviation Maintenance Technicians (AMT) are an enlisted rating of the United States Coast Guard. They inspect, service, maintain, troubleshoot and repair aircraft engines, auxiliary power units, propellers, rotor systems, power train systems, and associated airframe and systems-specific electrical components. They service, maintain and repair aircraft fuselages; wings; rotor blades; fixed and movable flight control surfaces; and also bleed aircraft air, hydraulic and fuel systems. AMTs fill aircrew positions such as flight engineer, flight mechanic, loadmaster, dropmaster, sensor-systems operator and basic aircrewman.
Duties.
AMTs are stationed at Coast Guard Air Stations throughout the United States and Puerto Rico, and can be assigned to the Polar Operations Division in Mobile, Alabama, in support of ice-breaking operations. AMTs maintain HC-130H (Hercules), HU-25A (Falcon), HH-60J (Jayhawk) and HH-65A (Dolphin) aircraft.
Training.
The five-month course covers basic aircraft-maintenance fundamentals. Other advanced courses cover specific aircraft systems and provide troubleshooting skills. The courses are taught at the Aviation Technical Training Center in Elizabeth City, North Carolina, for all but the HC-130 aircraft. The Coast Guard also uses commercial training for advanced courses. An AMT may apply for the Aviation Maintenance Technology Program, which provides personnel with the knowledge and skills necessary to fill billets requiring a high level of technical expertise. The program provides up to two years of full-time college attendance to achieve a minimum of an associate degree in aeronautical technology.
Qualifications.
Algebra, geometry, electronics and machine shop are typical courses for those seeking a rating as an AMT. Candidates must pass a physical and qualify for a security clearance.

</doc>
<doc id="19600737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600737" title="Northern Ontario Junior Hockey Association">
Northern Ontario Junior Hockey Association

The Northern Ontario Junior Hockey Association was a Junior A ice hockey league based in Northeastern Ontario, Canada. The league lasted from 1962 until 1972 and competed for the Memorial Cup from 1962 until 1970 and the Manitoba Centennial Trophy from 1970 until 1972.
History.
The Northern Ontario Junior Hockey Association was founded in 1962 at the Caswell Espanola Hotel in Espanola, Ontario. Founded with five Northern Ontario communities and one Northern Michigan team, the league was founded in an effort to stop the flow of Northern Ontario talent from going to the OHA Junior A Hockey League and the various Junior B leagues. The NOJHA was a top tier Junior A hockey league and was eligible to compete for the Memorial Cup, the trophy of Canadian junior hockey supremacy.
The original six teams of the NOJHA were the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds, Sudbury Wolves, North Bay Trappers, Garson-Falconbridge Native Sons, Espanola Eagles, and Soo Michigan Realtors. By 1964, Soo Michigan dropped from the league. In 1969, the Native Sons moved to become the Chelmsford Canadiens.
In 1970, there was a massive shift in junior hockey. The NOJHA found itself relegated to a new level of hockey known as Tier II Junior A.
In 1971, the Espanola Eagles dropped from the league to the newly formed NOHA Junior B Hockey League. A season later, the entire NOJHA was forced to fold. With only four teams remaining, Sault Ste. Marie and Sudbury sought moves to the Ontario Major Junior Hockey League and were accepted. At the same time, North Bay applied for acceptance into the newly formed Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League, another Tier II league, and were accepted. With one team remaining, the league closed its doors. The remaining team, Chelmsford, followed Espanola's lead and joined the NOHA Junior B Hockey League.
In 1978, the NOHA Junior B Hockey League was promoted to Tier II Junior A status and renamed the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
Eastern Memorial Cup play.
This is a complete list of Memorial Cup play for NOJHA teams. In eight years, the NOJHA failed to win a single series despite close calls in 1967 and 1968.
1962-63 Finals
1963-64 Semi-finals
1964-65 Semi-finals
1965-66 Semi-finals
1966-67 Quarter-finals
1967-68 Quarter-finals
1968-69 Quarter-finals
1969-70 Semi-Finals
Eastern Centennial Cup play.
This is a complete list of Centennial Cup play for NOJHA teams. In two years, the NOJHA failed to win a series.
1970-71 Quarter-finals
1971-72 Quarter-finals

</doc>
<doc id="19600742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600742" title="West Pyramid">
West Pyramid

West Pyramid is a steep-sided island with an area of 2.5 ha in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Trumpeter Islets Group, lying close to the southern end of the western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Short-tailed Shearwater (3000 pairs), Fairy Prion (1-2000 pairs), Pacific Gull, Silver Gull and Sooty Oystercatcher. The Tasmanian Tree Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19600748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600748" title="Kelly Connell">
Kelly Connell

Kelly Connell is an American actor who has appeared in numerous theatrical productions in New York and Los Angeles, starting with his off-Broadway debut in "The Butter And Egg Man" at Manhattan Punch Line Theatre. His other New York theatrical credits include productions at Circle Repertory Company where he is a member of the acting company, plays produced at the American Place Theatre, Ensemble Studio Theatre and smaller companies throughout New York. In 1986 he starred on Broadway in "The Musical Comedy Murders of 1940".
Connell's film credits include "Cocktail", "Longtime Companion", "K-Pax", "Thirteen Days" (as Pierre Salinger), "Catch Me If You Can" and "Spider-Man 2".
In addition to "Picket Fences", Connell's television credits include "Harry's Law", "Boston Legal", "", "Northern Exposure", "Buffy The Vampire Slayer", "Murphy Brown" and "Night Court".
As a Theatre Director, Connell's work includes, "Lorraine", produced at Arcade and HBO Aspen Comedy Arts Festival; "A Raging Volcano Goddess" at The Hudson Theatre and "Chicks" produced by Circle Rep West. While working at Circle Rep, he wrote and directed "Chugger".

</doc>
<doc id="19600770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600770" title="The Dream Millennium">
The Dream Millennium

The Dream Millennium is a 1974 science fiction novel by James White. The plot revolves around the captain of a starship who, along with the rest of the people on board, is fleeing a dystopian Earth, with the launch taking place around the year 2170.
Plot summary.
John Devlin, a 26-year-old medical doctor, is the captain of a sleeper ship built to colonize planets in other solar systems. The spacecraft's trajectory is such that it will make passes of eleven stars thought to have a good chance of supporting habitable planets, over the course of about a thousand years. Most of the starship's systems are automated, so Devlin does not have to do much maintenance, but he is required to look at potential planets for colonization and solve problems as they arise. Except for being awoken at long intervals to eat, exercise, and perform his duties as captain, Devlin spends all of his time in hibernation, during which he dreams the entire lives of people and other creatures that lived and died on Earth in the past.
The story switches back and forth between Devlin's life and dreams on the starship and his life on Earth before the starship's launch. On the starship, Devlin's dreams during hibernation are the lives of creatures of the prehistoric past, then as men, moving closer to the present day with each dream. Most of the lives he dreams are unpleasant, with painful deaths. He dreams of being:
In the first half of the starship's voyage, Devlin finds only two planets that had any potential for human colonization, and found both unsuitable. One planet was entering Roche's limit and would not remain habitable for much longer, and the other was already inhabited by hostile aliens whose planet was in even worse shape than the Earth he had left behind.
Devlin's life on Earth had been unpleasant. Although Earth's economy was strong, the abundance of food, consumer goods, and leisure time did not make people happy. Pollution and overcrowding reduced quality of life, and boredom led inevitably to crime and violence. This, in turn, led to the formation of rival bands of vigilantes, who turned on each other when they had stamped out crime. The government had abandoned its efforts to intervene in the violence, instead using the police force only to contain it when it broke out.
People had become very thin-skinned and sensitive to any perceived slight, and disputes were usually settled by duelling. Guns and military-grade weapons were available to most civilians, making the violence very bloody indeed, and keeping the doctor busy treating gunshot wounds of those lucky enough not to be killed.
Men were considered full citizens only if they were armed. Those who chose to go unarmed became second class citizens. Unarmed sheep, as they were called, were prohibited from duelling and could not be called out, but they were always considered to be in the wrong in a dispute. Women were chattel. Certain men, Devlin among them, were legally considered full citizens even though unarmed, because of their professions (in Devlin's case, a doctor). In practice, though, these technical citizens got little respect from regular citizens, many of whom were little more than thugs and bullies.
Immersed in this decaying society, Devlin realizes that to make even his own life tolerable will be a daunting task, but he goes about it the best he can, until he meets a pastor, Brother Howard, who believes that the decay of society will accelerate into a final collapse when population growth and exhaustion of natural resources bring down the only remaining healthy human institution, the economy. If mankind is to survive, he says, it must colonize the stars. Brother Howard wants to recruit Devlin and his girl friend, Patricia Morley, for the starship.
After their encounter with the aliens, Devlin makes several unsettling discoveries. One is that everyone on board the ship is having the same, or almost the same, dreams during hibernation. Another is that the dreams are slowly driving him insane, along with everyone else on the ship, driving one colonist to suicide. With Morley's help, he solves these problems, only to be presented with a new problem. The starship's electronic and electromechanical systems are failing as the starship ages. Only one more potentially habitable world can be reached before the life support systems begin to fail en masse, and Devlin and Morley discover to their horror that the world is inhabited by the same species of alien that attacked the ship during the flyby of one of the earlier star systems.
Faced with the alternative of dying with the starship as it travels forever as a derelict hulk, they decide to land on the world anyway and take their chances with the aliens. Once in orbit around the planet, preparing to land, Devlin and Morley find that the aliens fled their home world for the same reason they themselves fled Earth, to escape from the pollution and violence of their home world to found their own space colony, a possibility that neither Devlin nor Morley had thought of. These aliens are happy to coexist with humans, and welcome them to their new home.

</doc>
<doc id="19600821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600821" title="Fastida">
Fastida

Fastida was a king of the Gepidae of the 3rd century. His battle against the Visigoths resulted in defeat, and was chronicled in Getica by Jordanes. He is the first Gepidic king whose name survives. 

</doc>
<doc id="19600890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600890" title="Acids in wine">
Acids in wine

The acids in wine are an important component in both winemaking and the finished product of wine. They are present in both grapes and wine, having direct influences on the color, balance and taste of the wine as well as the growth and vitality of yeast during fermentation and protecting the wine from bacteria. The measure of the amount of acidity in wine is known as the “titratable acidity” or “total acidity”, which refers to the test that yields the total of all acids present, while strength of acidity is measured according to pH, with most wines having a pH between 2.9 and 3.9. Generally, the lower the pH, the higher the acidity in the wine. However, there is no direct connection between total acidity and pH (it is possible to find wines with a high pH for wine and high acidity). In wine tasting, the term “acidity” refers to the fresh, tart and sour attributes of the wine which are evaluated in relation to how well the acidity balances out the sweetness and bitter components of the wine such as tannins. Three primary acids are found in wine grapes: tartaric, malic and citric acids. During the course of winemaking and in the finished wines, acetic, butyric, lactic and succinic acids can play significant roles. Most of the acids involved with wine are fixed acids with the notable exception of acetic acid, mostly found in vinegar, which is volatile and can contribute to the wine fault known as volatile acidity. Sometimes, additional acids, such as ascorbic, sorbic and sulfurous acids, are used in winemaking.
Tartaric acid.
Tartaric acid is, from a winemaking perspective, the most important in wine due to the prominent role it plays in maintaining the chemical stability of the wine and its color and finally in influencing the taste of the finished wine. In most plants, this organic acid is rare, but it is found in significant concentrations in grape vines. Along with malic acid, and to a lesser extent citric acid, tartaric is one of the fixed acids found in wine grapes. The concentration varies depending on grape variety and the soil content of the vineyard. Some varieties, such as Palomino, are naturally deposed to having high levels of tartaric acids, while Malbec and Pinot noir generally have lower levels. During flowering, high levels of tartaric acid are concentrated in the grape flowers and then young berries. As the vine progresses through ripening, tartaric does not get metabolized through respiration like malic acid, so the levels of tartaric acid in the grape vines remain relatively consistent throughout the ripening process.
Less than half of the tartaric acid found in grapes is free standing, with the majority of the concentration present as potassium acid salt. During fermentation, these tartrates bind with the lees, pulp debris and precipitated tannins and pigments. While some variance among grape varieties and wine regions exists, generally about half of the deposits are soluble in the alcoholic mixture of wine. The crystallization of these tartrates can happen at unpredictable times, and in a wine bottle may appear like broken glass, though they are in fact harmless. Winemakers will often put the wine through cold stabilization, where it is exposed temperatures below freezing to encourage the tartrates to crystallize and precipitate out of the wine.
Malic acid.
Malic acid, along with tartaric acid, is one of the principal organic acids found in wine grapes. It is found in nearly every fruit and berry plant, but is most often associated with green apples, the flavor it most readily projects in wine. Its name comes from the Latin "malum" meaning “apple”. In the grape vine, malic acid is involved in several processes which are essential for the health and sustainability of the vine. Its chemical structure allows it to participate in enzymatic reactions that transport energy throughout the vine. Its concentration varies depending on the grape variety, with some varieties, such as Barbera, Carignan and Sylvaner, being naturally deposed to high levels. The levels of malic acid in grape berries are at their peak just before veraison, when they can be found in concentrations as high as 20 g/l. As the vine progresses through the ripening stage, malic acid is metabolized in the process of respiration, and by harvest, its concentration could be as low as 1 to 9 g/l. The respiratory loss of malic acid is more pronounced in warmer climates. When all the malic acid is used up in the grape, it is considered “over-ripe” or senescent. Winemakers must compensate for this loss by adding extraneous acid at the winery in a process known as acidification.
Malic acid can be further reduced during the winemaking process through malolactic fermentation or MLF. In this process, bacteria convert the stronger malic acid into the softer lactic acid; formally, malic acid is polyprotic (contributes multiple protons, here two), while lactic acid is monoprotic (contributes one proton), and thus has only half the effect on acidity (pH); also, the first acidity constant (pKa) of malic acid (3.4 at room temperature) is lower than the (single) acidity constant of lactic acid (3.86 at room temperature), indicating stronger acidity. Thus after MLF, wine has a higher pH (less acidic), and a different mouthfeel.
The bacteria behind this process can be found naturally in the winery, in cooperages, which make oak wine barrels that will house a population of the bacteria or they can be introduced by the winemaker with a cultured specimen. For some wines, the conversion of malic into lactic acid can be beneficial, especially if the wine has excessive levels of malic acid. For other wines, such as Chenin blanc and Riesling, it produces off flavors in the wine (such as the buttery smell of diacetyl) that would not be appealing for that variety. In general, red wines are more often put through MLF than whites, which means a higher likelihood of finding malic acid in white wines (though notable exceptions, such as oaked Chardonnay, are often put through MLF).
Lactic acid.
A much milder acid than tartaric and malic, lactic acid is often associated with “milky” flavors in wine and is the primary acid of yogurt and sauerkraut. It is produced during winemaking by lactic acid bacteria (LAB), which includes three genera: "Oenococcus, Pediococcus" and "Lactobacillus". These bacteria convert both sugar and malic acid into lactic acid, the latter through MLF. This process can be beneficial for some wines, adding complexity and softening the harshness of malic acidity, but it can generate off flavors and turbidity in others. Some strains of LAB can produce biogenic amines, such as histamine, tyramine and putrescine, which may be a cause of red wine headaches in some wine drinkers. Winemakers wishing to control or prevent MLF can use sulfur dioxide to stun the bacteria. Racking the wine quickly off its lees will also help control the bacteria, since lees are a vital food source for them. The winemakers must also be very careful of what wine barrels and winemaking equipment to which the wine is exposed, because of the bacteria's ability to deeply embed themselves within wood fibers. A wine barrel that has completed one successful malolactic fermentation will almost always induce MLF in every wine stored in it from then on.
Citric acid.
While very common in citrus fruits, such as limes, citric acid is found only in very minute quantities in wine grapes. It often has a concentration about 1/20 that of tartaric acid. The citric acid most commonly found in wine is commercially produced acid supplements derived from fermenting sucrose solutions. These inexpensive supplements can be used by winemakers in acidification to boost the wine's total acidity. It is used less frequently than tartaric and malic due to the aggressive citric flavors it can add to the wine. When citric acid is added, it is always done after primary alcohol fermentation has been completed due to the tendency of yeast to convert citric into acetic acid. In the European Union, use of citric acid for acidification is prohibited, but limited use of citric acid is permitted for removing excess iron and copper from the wine if potassium ferrocyanide is not available.
Other acids.
Acetic acid is a two-carbon organic acid produced in wine during or after the fermentation period. It is the most volatile of the primary acids associated with wine and is responsible for the sour taste of vinegar. During fermentation, activity by yeast cells naturally produces a small amount of acetic acid. If the wine is exposed to oxygen, "Acetobacter" bacteria will convert the ethanol into acetic acid. This process is known as the “acetification” of wine and is the primary process behind wine degradation into vinegar. An excessive amount of acetic acid is also considered a wine fault. A taster's sensitivity to acetic acid will vary, but most people can detect excessive amounts at around 600 mg/l.
Ascorbic acid, also known as vitamin C, is found in young wine grapes prior to veraison, but is rapidly lost throughout the ripening process. In winemaking, it is used with sulfur dioxide as an antioxidant, often added during the bottling process for white wines. In the European Union, use of ascorbic acid as an additive is limited to 150 mg/l.
Butyric acid is a bacteria-induced wine fault that can cause a wine to smell of spoiled Camembert or rancid butter.
Sorbic acid is a winemaking additive used often in sweet wines as a preservative against fungi, bacteria and yeast growth. Unlike sulfur dioxide, it does not hinder the growth of the lactic acid bacteria. In the European Union, the amount of sorbic acid that can be added is limited — no more than 200 mg/l. Most humans have a detection threshold of 135 mg/l, with some having a sensitivity to detect its presence at 50 mg/l. Sorbic acid can produce off flavors and aromas which can be described as “rancid”. When lactic acid bacteria metabolize sorbates in the wine, it creates a wine fault that is most recognizable by an aroma of crushed "Pelargonium" geranium leaves.
Succinic acid is most commonly found in wine, but can also be present in trace amounts in ripened grapes. While concentration varies among grape varieties, it is usually found in higher levels with red wine grapes. The acid is created as a byproduct of the metabolization of nitrogen by yeast cells during fermentation. The combination of succinic acid with one molecule of ethanol will create the ester mono-ethyl succinate responsible for a mild, fruit aroma in wines.
In winemaking.
Acidity is highest in wine grapes just before the start of "veraison", which ushers in the ripening period of the annual cycle of grape vines. As the grapes ripen, their sugar levels increase and their acidity levels decrease. Through the process of respiration, malic acid is metabolized by the grape vine. Grapes from cooler climate wine regions generally have higher levels of acidity due to the slower ripening process. The level of acidity still present in the grape is an important consideration for winemakers in deciding when to begin harvest. For wines such as Champagne and other sparkling wines, having high levels of acidity is even more vital to the winemaking process, so grapes are often picked under-ripe and at higher acid levels.
In the winemaking process, acids aid in enhancing the effectiveness of sulfur dioxide to protect the wines from spoilage and can also protect the wine from bacteria due to the inability of most bacteria to survive in low pH solutions. Two notable exceptions to this are "Acetobacter" and the lactic acid bacteria. In red wines, acidity helps preserve and stabilize the color of the wine. The ionization of anthocyanins is affected by pH, so wines with lower pH (such as Sangiovese-based wines) have redder, more stable colors. Wines with higher pH (such as Syrah-based wines) have higher levels of less stable blue pigments, eventually taking on a muddy grey hue. These wines can also develop a brownish tinge. In white wines, higher pH (lower acidity) causes the phenolics in the wine to darken and eventually polymerize as brown deposits.
Winemakers will sometimes add acids to the wine (acidification) to make the wine more acidic, most commonly in warm climate regions where grapes are often harvested at advanced stages of ripeness with high levels of sugars, but very low levels of acid. Tartaric acid is most often added, but winemakers will sometimes add citric or malic acid. Acids can be added either before or after primary fermentation. They can be added during blending or aging, but the increased acidity will become more noticeable to wine tasters if added at this point.
In wine tasting.
The acidity in wine is an important component in the quality and taste of the wine. It adds a sharpness to the flavors and is detected most readily by a prickling sensation on the sides of the tongue and a mouth-watering aftertaste. Of particular importance is the balance of acidity versus the sweetness of the wine (the leftover residual sugar) and the more bitter components of the wine (most notably tannins but also includes other phenolics). A wine with too much acidity will taste excessively sour and sharp. A wine with too little acidity will taste flabby and flat, with less defined flavors.

</doc>
<doc id="19600891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600891" title="Fatimah bint Hasan">
Fatimah bint Hasan

Fātimah bint al-Hasan ibn ‘Alī () was a daughter of Hasan ibn ‘Alī, wife of ‘Alī ibn Husayn (fourth Twelver Imām), and mother of Muhammad al-Bāqir (fifth Twelver Imām). Her kunya was Umm ‘Abd Allāh and she was referred to as, ""as-Siddīqa"" (""the very truthful one"") by ‘Alī ibn Husayn. It has also been reported that her features were such, that no one in the family of Hasan ibn ‘Alī looked like her.

</doc>
<doc id="19600898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600898" title="Gerrit Visser">
Gerrit Visser

Gerrit Visser (February 2, 1903, Nieuwendam, North Holland – December 1984, Cashmere, Washington) was a Dutch football (soccer) center forward who played in the Netherlands and the United States. He was a member of the Netherlands football team at the 1924 Summer Olympics and earned seven caps, scoring one goal, with the Netherlands national football team.
Professional.
Visser appears to have begun his professional career in the Netherlands, playing for Stormvogels in 1924. However, at some point, he moved to the United States. In 1925, he signed with Bethlehem Steel F.C. of the American Soccer League. He saw no playing time until February 1926 when he replaced the departed Archie Stark at center forward. He then scored four goals in three games. It appears he moved to Windsor, Canada in 1926. He then moved to Detroit, Michigan where he played for Holley Carburetor from 1927 until 1931. He played in the final of the 1927 National Challenge Cup, a blow out loss to the Fall River Marksmen.
National team.
Visser earned seven caps, scoring one goal, with the Netherlands national football team. Four of those games came with the Netherlands Olympic team at the 1924 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19600980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600980" title="Real Chance of Love (season 1)">
Real Chance of Love (season 1)

Real Chance of Love (season 1) is the first season of the VH1 reality television dating series entitled "Real Chance of Love". Brothers Ahmad Givens (Real) and Kamal Givens (Chance), former contestants on "I Love New York" are the central figures. The show, which premiered October 20, 2008, featured seventeen female contestants taking part in various challenges in a format similar to other VH1 and MTV dating contest programs. Each week, women were eliminated until the final episode where the brothers had to make their final selections. Ultimately, Ahmad selected "Corn Fed", while Kamal did not select a winner. The series consisted of 14 episodes.
Episodes.
Love is in the Stallion-Air.
"First aired October 20, 2008
Don't Cross Me Bra!
"First aired October 27, 2008
Slam, Bam, Thank You Ma'am.
"First aired November 3, 2008
Who Wants to be a Stallionaire?
"First aired November 10, 2008
Great Balls of Fire!
"First aired November 17, 2008
From One Brother to Another.
"First aired November 24, 2008
Kid's Games and Old Flames.
"First aired December 1, 2008
Ride or Die.
"First Aired December 8, 2008
The Parent Trap, Part I.
"First aired December 15, 2008
The Parent Trap, Part II.
"First aired December 29, 2008
The Clip Show.
"First aired January 5, 2009
Thunder in Paradise.
"First aired January 12, 2009
Memoirs of a Stallionaire.
"First aired January 21, 2009
Some of the never-before-scenes included were:
Reunion Show.
"First aired January 26, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19601015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601015" title="Cromemco Z-2">
Cromemco Z-2

Z-2 was the name of a series of microcomputers made by Cromemco, Inc. which were introduced to the market in the middle to late 1970s.
They were originally available in assembled or kit form to serve both a commercial market and the computer enthusiast market. Later the machines were only available factory-assembled. These Cromemco machines were widely respected for their speed, configurability, durability, and reliability.
The Cromemco Z-2 computer was a Z80 based microcomputer system introduced in 1977. The original Z-2 in kit form included a ZPU-K Z80 CPU card, S-100 bus motherboard, all-metal rack-mount chassis and dust case, card socket and card guide; The assembled form included in addition a complete set of sockets and card guides, and a cooling fan. The Z-2 series was capable of supporting up to 21 S-100 boards and could be configured with any of the boards supplied by Cromemco.
The Z-2 gave an impression of solidity due to its hefty 450-watt power supply and heavy metal chassis. A TU-ART (dual serial and parallel board), 4FDC Floppy Disk Controller, one or more 16KZRAM cards, and a Wangco 5¼" floppy disk drive would be added to form a basic system.
An unusual feature of the Z-2 was switch selectable CPU speed; 250 or 500 nanosecond cycle time were provided. The ZPU speed was 4 MHz at a time when less than 2 MHz was normal, and boards from other manufacturers might still require the slower speed. The ZPU card in the Z-2 could address up to 64 kilobytes of RAM. However, the 16KZ memory card supported bank-switching with 8 banks of 64 kilobytes each. When using the 16KZ, the maximum RAM of the Z-2 was limited by the available S-100 slots. If 16 of the slots were occupied by 16KZ cards, then the system had 4 banks of 64 kilobytes each, for a total of 256 kilobytes.
Additional S-100 slots were required for cards controlling peripherals, disk drives, and I/O interfaces. Communication with the processor was normally performed through a TU-ART or other S-100 bus compatible interface card, which could run a CRT terminal or teletype.
Cromemco Z-2D.
The Cromemco Z-2D computer was a Z80 based microcomputer system which differed from a Z-2 by having one or two Wangco 5" disk drives, a disk power supply and a 4FDC disk controller in a Z-2 chassis. The Z-2D was available in assembled and kit form. The Z-2D was also called the "System Two".
Cromemco Z-2H.
The Cromemco Z-2H computer was based on the Z-2D, but in addition had an 11 megabyte internal hard disk drive. While the Z-2 and Z-2D had 21 S-100 slots, the Z-2H was limited to 12 expansion slots due to the size of the internal hard disk. Over 1000 Z-2H systems were sold in the first six months on the market. The 11-megabyte hard disks were also offered as a separate unit, the HDD, that could be used with a Z-2D computer. The HDD came with either one or two hard disks, for up to 22 megabytes of storage.
Notable installations.
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) adopted Cromemco Z-2 microcomputers to serve as the backbone of the CME trading floor, employing a total of 60 Z-2 systems. For a 10-year period every trade at the CME was processed by these Cromemco systems. In 1992 the Cromemco systems were replaced by IBM PS/2 computers.
Z-2 computers were well-suited for data acquisition and analysis applications. One example was work in profiling the deceleration of trains during braking in the San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) system during actual operation. Cromemco Z-2D computers were employed both for data acquisition and analysis to develop an exact model of the braking profile under a variety of track conditions and train loadings.
The United States Air Force deployed 600 Cromemco Systems from 1985 to 1996 as Mission Support Systems for the F-15, F-16, and F-111 aircraft. During this period Cromemco systems were used for the planning of every combat mission for these aircraft, including missions during the First Gulf War. These systems were based on the Cromemco Z-2 computer, but utilized the Motorola 68020 32-bit processor, and had a custom, removable hard drive to meet the Air Force need to be able to physically secure all flight plan information. Cromemco received a patent on this technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19601054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601054" title="Avtaar">
Avtaar

Avtaar is a 1983 movie starring Rajesh Khanna and Shabana Azmi. It was directed by Mohan Kumar, and the music was by Laxmikant Pyarelal. Rajesh Khanna did achieve success from Amardeep and Prem Bandhan onwards but this was Rajesh Khanna's biggest hit film in terms of box office collections after his bad phase from 1976-1978. Avtaar was a commercial hit, and was critically acclaimed. It also earned several Filmfare nominations. However Rajesh Khanna missed the Best Actor award to Naseeruddin Shah for Masoom. In 1986 Mohan Kumar made Amrit with Rajesh Khanna with similar story.
The film was later remade into the Telugu film "O Thandri Teerpu" (1985) starring Murali Mohan and Jayasudha. The film was again remade in Hindi as Baghban in 2003 starring Amitabh Bachchan and Hema Malini.
Plot.
The film starts with a mourning being held at Avtaar Industries. Radha Kishen (Shabana Azmi) garlands her husband Avtaar Kishen's (Rajesh Khanna) bust. The story starts from a flashback. Radha is the only daughter of Seth Jugal Kishore (Madan Puri). Radha is in love with Avtaar, a poor boy. Jugal Kishore resents Radha's love. Hence, the duo elope and get married.
Avtaar and Radha face various hardships in life, but ultimately succeed. After 3 decades, Avtaar is owner of a small garage and a small fortune. He has two sons, Chander (Gulshan Grover) and Ramesh (Shashi Puri). Chander is married to Renu (Rajni Sharma), while Ramesh is married to Shobha (Priti Sapru). Avtaar also has a servant named Sewak (Sachin).
Like Avtaar, his sons have also married rich girls, daughters of Seth Laxmi Narayan (Pinchoo Kapoor). But, they are totally henpecked. When Avtaar discovers this, he leaves his home. Radha and Sewak also follow him. With help of a moneylender Bawaji (Sujit Kumar), Avtaar starts his own garage.
Avtaar faces an uphill task, since he has no money to buy equipment, is aged and his right hand is paralysed in a freak accident. Sewak helps his master by illegally donating blood to arrange for money, but when Avtaar thinks that Sewak resorted to robbery, Bawaji tells the truth. Moved, Radha and Avtaar regard him as their own son.
Meanwhile, both Ramesh and Chander are enjoying their own life. Avtaar's luck changes again when the engine he is working on gives a successful result. Soon, Avtaar starts manufacturing the engine parts. This gives way to an industrial empire headed by Avtaar, Radha and Sewak. To help other old people like him who were spurned by their own families, Avtaar starts some social institutions.
Avtaar's success takes a toll on Laxmi Narayan's business and he holds Chander responsible. Meanwhile Ramesh commits fraud with the bank and is arrested. Shobha come to Avtaar for help, but he rebukes her and sends her away. Radha gets angry over this, but keeps silent. Avtaar secretly gives Bawaji the bail money on the condition that he tells no one the truth. Bawaji bails both Ramesh.
Meanwhile holding Chandar responsible for the loss in business, Laxmi Narayan throws him out of the house. Ramesh, Chandar and Shobha go to Radha for help. Although Avataar is not willing to help them. Next day, Avtaar goes to office and does not return. Radha calls him many times and finally reaches office late night. She tries to convince him that she is a mother too. But he doesn't listen to all that. Deep in emotions, Radha accuses him of having turned heartless. Same day, Bawaji meets Radha, whereupon Radha tells him the whole story. Bawaji has to tell the truth to her as he cannot bear Avtaar being insulted despite his big heart.
On learning the truth, Radha realizes her mistake and tries to call Avtaar. Sewak informs her that Avataar had a heart attack. Everybody goes to Hospital, where Avataar had already written his will and hands it to Radha and dies. The story comes to the present, where Radha garlands Avtaar's bust and the film ends.

</doc>
<doc id="19601077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601077" title="Pete Brewton">
Pete Brewton

Pete Brewton teaches journalism and law at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas. The author of the bestseller "The Mafia, CIA and George Bush", he is an award-winning journalist with 15 years reporting experience at the "Houston Chronicle" and the "Houston Post". He practiced law in Houston for five years.
Pete Brewton holds a Bachelor’s degree in philosophy from Rice University, a Master’s degree in astronomy from New Mexico State University, a Master’s degree from the American Graduate School of International Management, and a law degree from the University of Texas. He travels frequently to help with his mother’s working cattle ranch in Lampasas County. 
Brewton has won more than 20 reporting awards, including a Katie Award from the Dallas Press Club, first place in public service from the Texas APME, and the PEN Center USA West Literary Award. 
He is the author of the book "The Mafia, CIA and George Bush", which is based on his investigations of powerful Texas businessmen, politicians, and their connections to the savings and loans scandals of the 1980s. 
Brewton also explores the relationship that George H. W. Bush had with Ted Shackley - best known for his involvement in CIA "Black Operations", Carl E. Jenkins, Paul Helliwell, Rafael 'Chi Chi' Quintero and Thomas G. Clines. 
Further reading.
Pete Brewton, "The Mafia, CIA and George Bush", 1992 ISBN 1561712035

</doc>
<doc id="19601079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601079" title="Dustin Moskovitz">
Dustin Moskovitz

Dustin Moskovitz (born May 22, 1984) is an American internet entrepreneur who co-founded the social networking website Facebook along with Mark Zuckerberg, Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum and Chris Hughes. In 2008, he left Facebook to co-found Asana with Justin Rosenstein.
In March 2011, Forbes ranked Moskovitz as one of the world's youngest self-made billionaires on the basis of his 7.7% share in Facebook.
Background and education.
Moskovitz was born in Gainesville, Florida and grew up in Ocala, Florida. He is eight days younger than Zuckerberg. He attended Vanguard High School, graduating from the IB Diploma Program. Moskovitz attended Harvard University as an economics major for two years before he moved with Mark Zuckerberg to Palo Alto. He went to work full-time on Facebook.
Career.
Facebook.
Four people, three of whom were roommates — Mark Zuckerberg, Eduardo Saverin, Chris Hughes, and Dustin Moskovitz — founded Facebook in their Harvard University dorm room in February 2004. Originally called thefacebook.com, it was intended as an exclusive online directory of all Harvard's students to help residential students identify members of other residences. In June 2004, Zuckerberg, Amaan Ali Khan and Moskovitz took a year off from Harvard and moved Facebook's base of operations to Palo Alto, California, and hired eight employees. They were later joined by Sean Parker. At Facebook, Moskovitz was the company's first chief technology officer and then vice president of engineering; he led the technical staff and oversaw the major architecture of the site, as well as being responsible for the company’s mobile strategy and development.
After Facebook.
On October 3, 2008, Moskovitz announced that he was leaving Facebook to form a new company called Asana with Justin Rosenstein, an engineering manager at Facebook who had formerly worked at Google and whom Moskovitz had recruited. Their departures were among a series by Facebook executives at that time. In response, Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook's CEO, released a statement, saying, "Dustin has always had Facebook's best interest at heart and will always be someone I turn to for advice." They planned to create a company that, in their words at the time, "will be to your work life what Facebook.com is to your social life."
In November 2009 Moskovitz and Rosenstein closed a $9 million round of funding for their new company from Benchmark Capital and Andreessen Horowitz, following $1.2 million of angel investment the previous spring from investors including Ron Conway, Peter Thiel, Mitch Kapor, and Sean Parker.
The new company received some attention for giving its engineers $10,000 to spend on improving the equipment at their desks.
On February 7, 2011, Moskovitz and Rosenstein presented Asana, a software application designed to improve the way people collaborate in groups and manage projects. Asana organised work flow within a news-feed like layout and shared with many of the products created by former employees at Facebook the attempt to address social interaction online. It is powered by Luna, a JavaScript-based web framework developed by the company.
Moskovitz was the biggest angel investor in the mobile photo-sharing site Path, run by another former member of Facebook, David Morin. It was reported that Moskovitz's advice was important in persuading Morin to reject a $100 million offer for the company from Google, made in February 2011.
Philanthropy.
Moskovitz co-founded the philanthropic organization Good Ventures with his girlfriend (and now wife) Cari Tuna in 2011. In June 2012, Good Ventures announced a close partnership with charity evaluator GiveWell.
Media depictions.
Moskovitz is played in the film "The Social Network" by actor Joseph Mazzello. Responding to a question on Quora, Moskovitz said that the film ""emphasizes things that didn't matter (like the Winklevoss brothers, whom I've still never even met and had no part in the work we did to create the site over the past 6 years) and leaves out things that really did (like the many other people in our lives at the time, who supported us in innumerable ways).""

</doc>
<doc id="19601118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601118" title="Yitzhak Pundak">
Yitzhak Pundak

Yitzhak Pundak, born Yitzhak Fundik (; born June 13, 1913), is a former Israeli general, diplomat and politician. He turned 100 in June 2013.
Early life.
Pundak was born in Kraków, Poland (then part of Austria-Hungary) and immigrated to the British Mandate of Palestine in 1933, from Poland.
Military career.
Pundak's military career started with the Haganah. In 1945, he was an instructor in a platoon commanders' course.
In the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, Pundak served in the HISH and Israel Defense Forces as the commander of Givati Brigade's 53rd Battalion. He commanded the defense of the villages Nitzanim, Negba, Gat and Gal On, including what was seen as a failure and embarrassing surrender in the June 7, 1948 Battle of Nitzanim. In August 1948, he was appointed chief of the Oded Brigade and participated in Operation Yoav and Operation Hiram. In 1951, he founded the independent Nahal unit, which split from the Gadna program.
In 1952, Pundak traveled to France for a course in armored warfare, and returned to the IDF to implement what he learned. He was appointed to head the Armored Corps on December 22, 1953, helping transform it into the Armored Conscriptions () that employed a new doctrine of combining armored and motorized infantry units. The change was officially made on February 3, 1954, and Pundak was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General. He was pressured to end his tenure on July 26, 1956, replaced by Haim Laskov as the armored forces commander. He accuses a certain officer within the armored corps that exploited a failure in the Ordnance Corps and portrayed it as Pundak's personal failure. He also said that he had been promised the rank of Major General (Aluf) in 1959 but that the promise was broken. In 2013, upon turning 100, he received the rank.
In 1971, Pundak returned to the IDF following an appointment by Defense Minister Moshe Dayan to the post of governor in the Sinai Peninsula and Gaza Strip. During his tenure, he proposed evacuating the Palestinian refugees from Gaza to a new city in the Sinai, but met strong opposition from the Southern Command chief Ariel Sharon.
Relations with Ariel Sharon.
Pundak served with Major General Ariel Sharon in the Southern Command during his years as governor of the Sinai and Gaza. He generally disapproved of Sharon's actions, saying that Sharon "did one swinish thing after another". He also disagreed with Sharon's methods to fight Palestinian militancy in the Gaza Strip, and instead advocated improving the living conditions in the area. Shlomo Gazit, a retired IDF general and scholar, writes that the defense minister of the time, Moshe Dayan, created the civilian post of governor precisely to limit Sharon's jurisdiction, and appointed Pundak to the position to serve as "an excellent 'watchdog'". The plan had major drawbacks, because the two administrations (Sharon's and Pundak's) were at odds and conflicting orders were issued, reducing the system's efficiency.
Despite this, Pundak advocated a unilateral disengagement plan from the Gaza Strip following the First Intifada, which was eventually carried out by Sharon in 2005. According to the September 2004 edition of The Washington Monthly, Pundak also criticized Yasser Arafat for not accepting Ehud Barak's peace proposal in the 2000 Camp David Summit, and said that he would be voting for Sharon in the next election.
Public career.
Pundak's administrated the Arad Regional Council from June 1962, replacing Aryeh Eliav. In 1965, the Israeli government decided to create a local council in Arad and Pundak was made its first head. He was replaced by Ze'ev Haimoni after an election in 1966.
Pundak received his first senior diplomatic point in November 1965, when he was made the Israeli ambassador to Tanzania. He later served as head of the Jewish Agency's delegation to Argentina at the height of the Dirty War, after which he retired from all public posts.

</doc>
<doc id="19601165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601165" title="Truman P. White">
Truman P. White

Truman Pennock White was born in Markham Township in 1825, the son of Ira White, a well-known farmer and miller. He was named after his father's best friend, Truman Pennock. After attending the public school as a boy he spent a year in an academy at Rochester, N.Y. About the year 1843 his father bought the S 1/2 of Lot 32, Con. 5, and the S 1/4 of Lot 32, Con. 4, in Majorville located in Pickering, Ontario where he finally settled. Later purchases of parts of Lots 31 and 32 in these concessions brought the area owned up to about . It was mostly bush, but on Lot 32, Con. 5, just east of the old White homestead, there was a sawmill which had been built by John Major in the twenties and was operated by a Mr. Grey. July 10, 1849, Mr. White married Harriet Sleigh, a resident of the Pickering area. Mr. White continued the sawmill and about the year 1850 built a large frame grist mill. Afterward he added a cooperage, planing mills, sash and door factory, and in 1865 a large brick woolen factory. Mr. White served over twenty years in the council and was reeve for sixteen years. He was warden of the county in 1861. All his involvement in the town resulted in it being renamed Whitevale in his honour. In 1882 he went to Manitoba and took up land and built a grist mill at Pilot Mound. During the next ten years he spent most of his time in the west. Then from 1891 till the death of his wife in 1898 he returned to live in Whitevale. He went out west one final time in 1898 and lived at Pilot Mound till his death in 1900 in his 75th year.

</doc>
<doc id="19601174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601174" title="KARZ (FM)">
KARZ (FM)

KARZ (107.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format serving Marshall, Minnesota. The station is currently owned by Linder Radio Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19601199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601199" title="Eri (king)">
Eri (king)

Eri (c. 900 CE) is said to be the original legendary cultural head of the Nri-Igbo, a subgroup of the Igbo people. From oral and recorded accounts, he is said to come down from the sky, having been sent by God (). Eri settled and established in the middle of Anambra river valley where he married two wives. The first wife, Nneamakụ, bore him five children. The first was Agulu, the founder of Aguleri, the second was Nri Ifikuanim, the founder of Umunri / Kingdom of Nri, followed by Nri Onugu, the founder of Igbariam and Ogbodulu, the founder of Amanuke. The fifth one was a daughter called Iguedo, who is said to have born the founders of Nteje, and Awkuzu, Ogbunike, Umuleri, Nando and Ogboli in Onitsha. As one of the children of Eri, Nri Ifikuanim migrated from Aguleri, which was and still is, the ancestral temple of the people, in search of a place of settlement. His second wife Oboli begot Ọnọja, the only son who founded the Igala Kingdom in Kogi State.
Eri is the founder of Umueri and Umunri clans which was the most influential and powerful dynasty of priests, diviners, and civilizing agents in Igboland and adjacent areas such as the Bini and Igala/Idoma areas. He and his children are responsible for the Igbo Ukwu sites, Four market days, Ozo/nze title systems, Igu alu, and other practices of the Igbo people and their neighbors.
The myth.
When Eri was sent by Chukwu from the Sky to the earth, he sat on an anti-hill because he saw watery marshy earth. When Eri complained to Chukwu, sent an Awka blacksmith with his fiery bellow and charcoal to dry the earth. After the assignment, the Awka blacksmith was given ọfọ as a mark of authority for his smithing profession. While Eri lived, Chukwu fed him and his people with azu-igwe. But this special food ceased after the death of Eri. Nri his first son complained to Chukwu for food. Chukwu ordered Nri to sacrifice his first son and daughter and bury them in separate graves. Nri complied with it. Later after three-Igbo-weeks (Izu atọ = 12 days) yam grew from the grave of the son and coco yam from that of the daughter. When Nri and his people ate these, they slept for the first time; later still Nri killed a male and a female slave burying them separately. Again, after Izu Ato, an oil palm grew from the grave of the male slave, and a bread fruit tree (ukwa) from that of the female-slave. With this new food supply, Nri and his people ate and prospered. Chukwu asked him to distribute the new food items to all people but Nri refused because he bought them at the cost of sacrificing his own children and slave. Nri and Chukwu made an agreement. According to M. D. W. Jeffreys (1956:123) a tradition has it that:
"As a reward for distributing food to the other towns Nri would have the right of cleansing every town of an abomination (nso) or breach, of crowning the eze at Aguleri, and of tying the Ngulu (ankle cords) when a man takes the title of ozo. Also he and his successor’s would have the privilege of making the Oguji, or yam medicine, each year for ensuring a plentiful supply of yams in all surrounding towns, or in all towns that subjected themselves to the Eze Nri. For this medicine all the surrounding towns would come in and pay tribute and Umunmdri people then could travel unarmed through the world and no one would attack or harm them" 

</doc>
<doc id="19601207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601207" title="Bauchi Light Railway">
Bauchi Light Railway

The Bauchi Light Railway was a Two foot six inch gauge railways narrow gauge railway built in 1914 to carry tin from Jos in Nigeria to the main line railway at Zaria.
History.
The railway opened in sections 1912-1914, Jos-Bukuru () was widened to in 1927, while the remainder closed 30 Sep 1957. Zaria is located to the north of Jos and the light railway was later rebuilt with a shorter connection to the main railway to the south. It also connected Bukuru. The line was long.
Details.
The rolling stock was equipped with ABC couplers.
Two of the locomotives are preserved under cover with some carriages. 

</doc>
<doc id="19601229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601229" title="KARL">
KARL

KARL (105.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Tracy, Minnesota, the station serves the Marshall, Minnesota area. The station is currently owned by Linder Radio Group. It carries Dial Global "Hot Country" music format satellite network.

</doc>
<doc id="19601259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601259" title="KMHL">
KMHL

KMHL (1400 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a full service News/Talk/Classic Country format serving Marshall, Minnesota. Since its inception, the station has been owned by Linder Radio Group. The station first signed on the air on November 30, 1946. KMHL also rebroadcasts on FM translator K277AI 103.3 FM in Marshall (licensed to Russell).
Programming.
Currently, Joyce & Heath are the station's morning voices. Joyce joins Heath from 8:00 AM to 9:00 AM. Heath, along with Con Retmer and Missie Erbes, bring listeners the Tracy Show with the news and happenings from Tracy, Minnesota. Heath continues on to Noon. Aaron Ziemer brings the area local weather news and funeral announcements to listeners from Noon to 12:30 PM when the Linder Farm Network takes over. Mike is on the air from 1:00 to 7:00 PM. The evenings are filled with a variety of programing including Joe Soucheray's Garage Logic, Minnesota Twins Baseball, Minnesota Timberwolves Basketball, and Marshall Tiger high school sports. Fox Sports Radio fills the overnights. Weekends consist of a wide array of specialty programming, sports and classic country music.
Translators.
KMHL broadcasts on the following FM translator:

</doc>
<doc id="19601347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601347" title="AFL Britain">
AFL Britain

AFL Britain, also referred to as AFL Great Britain is the governing body for Australian rules football in England, Wales and Scotland. It was formed in 2008, replacing the British Australian Rules Football League (BARFL) as national body. The BARFL's clubs formed AFL London upon creation of the new national body.
Scope.
The AFL London and various regional English, Welsh and Scottish leagues, are all currently represented by the AFL Britain and, along with Wales and Scotland jointly supply players for the Great Britain Bulldogs representative side at the Australian Football International Cup.
History.
British Australian Rules Football League.
The BARFL was formed in 1989, with efforts from John Jelley and others seeing the formation of eight clubs for an inaugural season in 1990. The founding clubs were the London Hawks, West London Wildcats, North London Lions, Earls Court Kangaroos, Lea Valley Saints, Thames Valley Magpies and Wandsworth Demons in and around London and a club based in Leicester, the East Midland Eagles. Of the foundation teams, four still survive in West London, North London, Wimbledon (former London Hawks) and Wandsworth.
Between 1990 and 2001, the league existed as one competition for all clubs, ranging from a high of 10 clubs in 1991 to a low of only 6 in 1998.
Divisional structure 2001-2007.
In an environment where large numbers of Australians could be both a blessing (in terms of experience and teaching ability) and a curse (in terms of new clubs outside London finding it difficult to compete against the Australian expat-based London clubs), the league in 2001 divided teams into two leagues. The first league was the "London Premiership", where the powerful London clubs would continue under the same local-content regulations as previously (i.e. quotas of British players who must be on the field at any time).
Beneath the London Premiership would be a "London Conference", where the teams could field their 'reserve' sides, including the Clapham and Ealing teams which had been previously entered by Wandsworth and West London respectively. The London Conference has greatly relaxed 'local content' rules, meaning that backpackers and other Australians can compete at a social level.
In 2003, with new clubs being formed outside the capital and regional clubs still struggling against the larger numbers of Australians playing for the London sides, it was decided that clubs outside London would compete in a "Regional Premiership". This included the Bristol Dockers, St Helens Miners and the two new sides in the Doncaster Saints and Reading Kangaroos.
In 2004, a fourth division of the BARFL appeared, with the Scottish Australian Rules Football League forming. In the inaugural season, three clubs played each other for the premiership, the Edinburgh Old Town Bloods, the Edinburgh Uni Body Snatchers and the Glasgow Sharks.
2007 saw the introduction of a third tier of football in the London region, known as the Social Division. This division was formed for the same reasons as the Conference division, with some of the larger clubs being unable to field their full player lists in two teams resulting in some fiedling more than one team in the Conference.
AFL Britain.
Due to a number of contributory factors, including the developments initiated by Aussie Rules UK and the changing nature of the sport across the country, 2008 saw the BARFL rebranded and redeveloped to become AFL Britain, an organisation with less direct control over football in London but a greater ability to support the game to grow both in and outside the capital.
In 2010, the AFL Britain will have four affiliated leagues, the AFL London, AFLB North, AFLB Central, AFLB South. In addition, the organisation maintains close communication with the Scottish ARFL and Welsh ARFL, who are independent bodies overseeing footy in their respective countries.
AFL England.
During the season of 2012, it was decided by the AFL Britain Committee that it was best to rename to be more focused on football within the England domain. This would also assist with National Governing Body status from Sport England. As AFL Britain mainly looked after affairs to do with football in England, it was felt it would be more relevant. This would sit aside the other AFL leagues such as Scottish ARFL, Welsh ARFL in the UK and with AFL Ireland in Ireland.
Current clubs.
London.
The AFL London features eight clubs, fielding a total of over 24 teams across three divisions - the London Premiership (1sts), London Conference (2nds) and London Social League (3rds).
The restructure of the BARFL in 2001 saw the London-based clubs form the London Premiership, and the regional clubs break off to form their own league. The new structure also enabled London clubs to field reserve grade teams, forming the London Conference. Prior to this, two BARFL Premiership clubs, the Wandsworth Demons from 1999 and the West London Wildcats in 2000, had fielded second teams in the main division. These teams, the Clapham Demons and the Shepherds Bush Raiders became founding members of the Conference.
In 2007, a third level of competition was created, the London Social League. Some teams from outside London have competed in the Social League, including Manchester and Nottingham who transferred to the Central & North West League in 2010, and the Bristol Dockers who continue in the Social League.
The BARFL Premiership became part of the new AFL London structure for the start of the 2008 season as part of the AFL Britain restructure, becoming in the process a competition solely aimed at those clubs in or around the London Region.
Regional England.
The BARFL Regional Premiership commenced in 2003, and ran until it was absorbed into the BARFL's 3rd division Social League at the start of the 2007 season. The Aussie Rules UK 9-a-side National League began in 2007, featuring teams in a number of regional divisions. This then combined with the AFL Britain in 2010, to form the AFL Britain North East, Central & North West and Southern Divisions.
Great Britain national team.
AFL Britain also co-ordinate a representative team, the British Bulldogs, who have competed at the Australian Football International Cup, in the Atlantic Alliance Cup and against other national sides in European test matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19601372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601372" title="2003 Winchester 400">
2003 Winchester 400

The thirty-fifth annual Winchester 400 motor race (run yearly since 1970) was held under Champion Racing Association sanction on October 5, 2003, at the Winchester Speedway, Indiana (USA).

</doc>
<doc id="19601393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601393" title="Good Girls Don't (song)">
Good Girls Don't (song)

"Good Girls Don't" is a 1979 hit single written by Doug Fieger and released by the rock band The Knack, off their album "Get the Knack." It was the follow-up to the group's number-one hit single, "My Sharona". "Good Girls Don't" was a No. 1 single in Canada. It reached No. 11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and No. 66 on the British charts. It also reached No. 20 in New Zealand. The song has since been covered by a number of artists, including The Chipmunks, Ben Folds, The Chubbies and The McRackins.
Writing and recording.
Fieger originally wrote "Good Girls Don't" in 1972, and claimed that he wrote the song with Johnny Cash's voice in mind. He had included it on three or four demos in various attempts to get a recording contract, including with The Knack. It was also one of the first songs The Knack recorded. They had made a demo which included "Good Girls Don't" and "That's What Little Girls Do" in 1978, despite which the band was turned down multiple times in their efforts to get their first record contract. By the time The Knack was recording "Get the Knack", he was tired of the song and reluctant to record it, but was convinced by producer Mike Chapman to attempt one take. That one take was used on the album.
Lyrics and music.
"Good Girls Don't" begins with Fieger playing the harmonica, in a part which authors Michael Uslan and Bruce Solomon liken to The Beatles' song "I Should Have Known Better." The lyrics, such as the refrain "She'll be telling you 'good girls don't but I do,'" were considered misogynistic by some critics. However, Joyce Canaan of the Centre for Contemporary Cultural Studies wrote that this line succinctly captures the transformation of teenage girls' representations of their sexual practices; while they want to be seen as "good girls", even good girls may engage in practices not corresponding to established moral standards. Fieger has stated that "All we were doing in songs like the naughty 'Good Girls Don't' was reflecting the way 14-year-old boys feel. And there's a little 14-year-old boy in all of us. I think that's why the record did so well." Other lyrics that created controversy included the lines: 
"And she makes you want to scream; wishing you could get inside her pants" (this line was re-recorded as "wishing she was givin' you a chance" on the "clean" single release), and:
The "clean" single edit also changed this last line to "when she puts you in your place", which led to criticism this changed the meaning of the song. "Spin" critic Doug Brod claimed that another song from "Get the Knack", "That's What the Little Girls Do" was the Knack's own answer to "Good Girls Don't".
Like some other power pop songs, such as Blondie's "Hanging on the Telephone" and "Sunday Girl", as well as The Beatles' "Please Please Me" and "I Want to Hold Your Hand", the drumming pattern of "Good Girls Don't" employs a double backbeat rhythm.
Critical reception.
Critic Chris Woodstra of AllMusic described the song as an "unforgettable hit". Robert Hilburn of the "Los Angeles Times" called it the highlight of "Get the Knack" and suggested had similar flavor to early songs by Sweet. Critic Greil Marcus described the song as a "smutty little Beatles imitation". Author John Borack described the song as "a mean pop tune", noting too that in the song lead singer and songwriter Fieger comes off "like a leering, sexist twit with hormones a-raging." "Billboard" referred to the song's "hearty harmonica" part and Beatle-esque harmonies, noting that "the music is delivered in tight little notes at top speed." "Audio" described the song as "irresistible". Wayne Wadhams, David Nathan and Susan Gedutis Lindsay described the song as a "well written pop tune" and note that the music is prettier than "My Sharona" and contains harmonies similar to those in songs by The Searchers and The Hollies. However, they also go on to note that the lyric "portrays a character more doggedly bent on sex than naturally aroused" and represents a "leering, postpubescent sales pitch by a dirty young man." Other critics regarded the song as "derivative" and "sexist".
Other appearances.
"Good Girls Don't" was also released on The Knack's compilation albums "The Retrospective: The Best of the Knack" (1992), "The Very Best of The Knack" (1998) and "Best of The Knack" (1999). The band made a music video of the song as well. A live version also appears on the 2002 live album and DVD "Live from the Rock 'N' Roll Funhouse" and on the 2012 live CD "Havin' a Rave Up", taken from a 1978 concert in Los Angeles. It was part of the Carnegie Hall concert that was released on Laserdisc. It was also included on a number of multiband compilation albums, such as "Greatest Hits of the 70's" and "Party Starter: 80s Mix".
"Frustrated".
"Frustrated", written by Fieger and Knack guitarist Berton Averre, was the B-side of "Good Girls Don't". Like a number of songs on "Get the Knack", such as "My Sharona", "Frustrated" was inspired by Sharona Alperin, and reflected Fieger's real life frustration at the fact that he had a crush on her, but she was keeping him at arm's length (they would eventually have a relationship). Lyrics include lines such as "She'll make you weak, out of breath and feeling close to death." Jack Lloyd of Knight Ridder described it as a song of teen-age woe. The Knack also included "Frustrated" on the live DVD "On Stage at World Cafe Live" released in 2007. Although not released as an A-side, the band made a promotional music video of the song.
"Billboard" described "Frustrated" as "The Rolling Stones' answer to Sharona", and called it one of the album's "best tracks". Ken Tucker of "Rolling Stone" called "Frustrated" a "neck breaker" and considered the song an "artfully veiled metaphor for their leader's professional ambitions", which describes Fieger as "an ingenious overreacher just now closing in on his real goal of securing power by whipping up a pop-rock treat that'll have kids begging to rot their minds on it." Ira Robbins and Michael Sandlin of "Trouser Press" described the song as a "tight guitar pop" song which described women as "prick-teases". Author John Borack described "Frustrated" like "Good Girls Don't" as a "mean pop tune" in which Fieger comes off "like a leering, sexist twit with hormones a-raging." Pete Bishop of the "Pittsburgh Press" clained that "Frustrated" "lean(s) towards bubblegum". Critic S. Victor Aaron of "Something Else!" praised the song's "huge backbeat", "lively bass line" and "thick slab of guitar riffs" as well as Fieger's "impishly sung lyrics". Aaron summed up "Frustrated" as a "perfect danceable tough rocker for any party" and noted that it got significant airplay on AOR radio stations. "Audio" magazine called it a "basher" with "plenty of style". Tina Maples of the "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel" praised its "hooky effervescence". Charla Wasel of "The Evening Independent" described it as a song "with which we can all relate." The Knack bassist Prescott Niles described the song as "catchy" and noted that it was "a big crowd favorite".
Like "Good Girls Don't" and "My Sharona", "Frustrated" was covered by the Chipmunks on their album "Chipmunk Punk". The Chipmunks' version incorporates an excerpt from the Rolling Stones' song "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction".

</doc>
<doc id="19601434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601434" title="Aaron MacKenzie">
Aaron MacKenzie

Aaron MacKenzie (born March 7, 1981 in Terrace Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League.
Playing career.
Undrafted, MacKenzie played junior hockey with the Thunder Bay Flyers of the USHL, before playing collegiate hockey with the University of Denver for four years. After his senior year with the Pioneers, MacKenzie turned pro signing with the St. Louis Blues on October 6, 2003.
MacKenzie made his professional debut in the 2003–04 season with Blues affiliate, the Worcester IceCats of the AHL. While never playing a game with the Blues, Mackenzie became a fixture in the AHL, playing with the Blues affiliates for 5 years.
On July 14, 2008, MacKenzie signed with the Colorado Avalanche and was assigned to affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters, to start the 2008–09 season. MacKenzie received his first NHL recall on November 29, 2008, but did not feature in a game for the Avalanche. Towards the end of the season, MacKenzie was recalled again to the Avalanche on April 4, 2009, and made his NHL debut in a 4-1 victory against the Vancouver Canucks on April 5, 2009.
Unsigned prior to the 2009-10 season, MacKenzie signed with the Idaho Steelheads of the ECHL on October 19, 2009. After appearing in 3 games with the Steelheads, Aaron left the team to sign with HC Pardubice of the Czech Extraliga on November 2, 2009. MacKenzie settled as a stay-at-home defender in the Czech Republic and appeared in 29 games to help, the Dominik Hašek inspired Pardubice, capture the Championship for the first time since 2005.
On June 16, 2010, Mackenzie left Pardubice and signed as a free agent to a one-year contract with Austrian team, EHC Black Wings Linz of the EBEL.
On June 12, 2012, MacKenzie signed with the Central Hockey League's Denver Cutthroats, making him the first signed player in franchise history.

</doc>
<doc id="19601450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601450" title="Rahama">
Rahama

__NOTOC__
Rahama is a small town in the highlands of central Nigeria.
Transport.
It was served for a time by the extra narrow gauge Bauchi Light Railway which connected Zaria in the north to Jos in the south.
In later times, this route was replaced by a better graded normal gauge railway on a different alignment.

</doc>
<doc id="19601466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601466" title="Upper Sava Museum Jesenice">
Upper Sava Museum Jesenice

The Upper Sava Museum Jesenice () is a regional museum based in the town of Jesenice and the neighboring municipality of Kranjska Gora, both in northwestern Slovenia. The museum's name refers to the general area it documents, the upper Sava Dolinka river valley. Its holdings include two restored historic farmhouses, the archives of the KID company, and display spaces in the two surviving "ironworks castles" (of the original four), manors built in the area during the 16th and early 17th centuries by the owners of local iron-mining and -processing works. The museum was established in its present form in 1992, though several of its constituent facilities operated independently beforehand. 
Located in Jesenice;
Located in Mojstrana:
Located in Kranjska Gora:
Located in Rateče:

</doc>
<doc id="19601525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601525" title="1999 NFL Expansion Draft">
1999 NFL Expansion Draft

The Cleveland Browns had spent three years with its operations suspended after Art Modell had taken the Browns' organization and players to Baltimore, Maryland to form the Baltimore Ravens at the end of the 1995 NFL season. Upon returning to the league, in order to become competitive with existing teams, the Browns were awarded the first pick in the 1999 NFL Draft, and the league gave the Browns the opportunity to select current players from the other teams. That selection was provided by the 1999 National Football League Expansion Draft, held on February 9, 1999. 130 players were left unprotected by their teams for the Browns to draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19601536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601536" title="Fred Green (footballer)">
Fred Green (footballer)

Fred Green (born 6 March 1921) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Although he wasn't as tall as other ruckmen, Green was an effective knock ruckman during his career and also spent some time as a defender. He played in Essendon's losing 1941 Grand Final team and left the club in 1944 due to Naval commitments. 
Stationed in Canberra, Green captained the Navy side which competed in the CANFL and led them to the 1944 premiership. He continued playing in 1945 and won a Mulrooney Medal as the league's 'Best and fairest' player.
Green returned to Essendon in 1946 before crossing to St Kilda the following season. He celebrated his 100th VFL game with a five point win over Fitzroy in 1950. Green captained St Kilda from 1949 to 1950 and was their playing coach in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="19601547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601547" title="Jaque de Dampierre">
Jaque de Dampierre

Jaque de Dampierre, sometimes Jacques, was a thirteenth-century trouvère, possibly from Dampierre-en-Yvelines. He was of the later generation of troubadours. His two works, "Cors de si gentil faiture" and "D'amours naist fruis vertueus", are found in a single manuscript. The both use bar form and the plagal mode. 

</doc>
<doc id="19601575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601575" title="Omitara">
Omitara

Omitara is a settlement in the Steinhausen electoral constituency in the Omaheke Region of Namibia. Together with the adjacent village of Otjivero — the two places are often referred to as one — it has a population of approximately 1,200 as of October 2008. Otjivero and Omitara Railway Station are two contiguous TransNamib railway stops en route from Windhoek to Gobabis.
Basic Income Grant project.
In 2008 and 2009, Omitara and Otjivero were the site of a basic income grant test project. Every person under the retirement age of 60 was given 100 Namibian dollars (Namibian pensioners get an independent allowance of 550N$ per month). The follow-up study, published in October 2008, reported that poverty-related crime, malnutrition rates among children and school drop outs had decreased since the inception of the project. The coalition advocating for a BIG in Namibia was led by labour and church organisations, hoping for a nationwide implementation of this grant to alleviate the worst effects of poverty in the country. The government of Namibia has however not supported this initiative.
After the last payment was scheduled for December 2009, a bridging allowance of 80 N$ per month was introduced in order not to "let residents slide back into the dehumanising levels of poverty that they experienced before". This bridging allowance was paid until the end of 2011 when the BIG coalition ran out of money.

</doc>
<doc id="19601585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601585" title="Owen Thomas (writer)">
Owen Thomas (writer)

Owen Thomas (born 1972) is the founding executive editor of The Daily Dot and former executive editor of VentureBeat
He was the managing editor of Valleywag, a New York City-based Gawker Media gossip and news blog about Silicon Valley personalities that bills itself as a "tech gossip rag". Following his position with Valleywag, Thomas ran NBC's local web-site for the San Francisco Bay Area, nbcbayarea.com
Career.
Thomas first worked at Suck.com, and then later at the former technology magazine "Business 2.0".
He was managing editor of the Silicon Valley gossip web-site, Valleywag, before leaving to run NBC's local site for the San Francisco Bay Area.
Thomas does some on screen commentary in the film Revenge of the Electric Car.
In 2013, Thomas was named as Editor-in-Chief of ReadWrite.
Valleywag.
Thomas replaced Nick Denton as the managing editor of Valleywag on July 6, 2007. Valleywag, a two-man operation, is written mostly by Thomas, with help from its former editor, Nick Douglas.
CBS News interviewed Thomas in San Francisco on his editorial philosophy in April 2008. During the interview, he explained Valleywag's purpose, saying, "People get into a bubble [...] Valleywag exists to burst that bubble. Silicon Valley is built on delusions." Thomas also mentioned that Valleywag crossed the five million pageview mark in March, the website's all-time high. When explaining Valleywag's purpose, Thomas stated, "Gawker covers a zero-sum world [...] If you're rich, you'll always be rich. That kind of thinking doesn't translate into our world. [...] In Silicon Valley, anyone can start a company and put out business cards that say you're a CEO." Thomas also commented on life as a journalist in New York City, expressing that "in New York, it's all about sucking up to your editor so you can get the cover and sucking up to other writers. The page-views system says you're answerable to your readers. You people in New York are obviously too busy not changing the world." Thomas was also asked if Valleywag published items to exact revenge on enemies, to which he responded that that was "the most boring reason to write a story. No one cares what I think." As a mainstream technology writer, Thomas often criticizes other journalists who fawn over their subjects simply because they are famous or popular. For example, he once blasted a "Fortune" writer by saying, "Has he ever written anything negative about a tech mogul?"

</doc>
<doc id="19601610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601610" title="Rodrigo Díaz de los Cameros">
Rodrigo Díaz de los Cameros

Rodrigo Díaz de los Cameros (fl. 1212–1221) was a Castilian magnate and one of the earliest Galician-Portuguese troubadours. He was the son of Diego Ximénez of La Rioja, the lord of Cameros, and Guiomar Rodríguez. He attained the highest noble rank (count), like his maternal grandparents, Rodrigo Pérez de Traba ("el Velloso") and Fronilde Fernández.
Rodrigo led a column of men at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa in 1212. He commanded in the centre, among the forces of Alfonso VIII of Castile, either immediately aft of or flanking the main vanguard under Diego López II de Haro. His troops were mainly from the Asturias, Biscay, and Old Castile. He was third in the hierarchy of command after Diego and Gonzalo Núñez de Lara. Alongside Rodrigo leading his battalion were his brother Alvar Díaz and Juan González.
In 1217, on the death of Henry I of Castile, Rodrigo and a band of eight nobles challenged the right of Berenguela, Henry's elder sister, to succeed, on the basis that she was not his eldest sister (that was Blanche, then queen-consort of France). In 1220–21, Rodrigo and his noble allies were in rebellion against Berenguela's successor, Ferdinand III; they even offered the throne to Blanche's son, the future Louis VIII of France. Rodrigo had mortgaged some properties to the king in exchange for money to finance a Crusade to the Holy Land. He had refused, however, to answer a summons to the "curia regis", and had retained his "tenencias" illegally. Gonzalo Pérez de Lara led a simultaneous rebellion. Before this time the lords of Cameros had appeared as allies of the kings against the House of Lara.
In the course of his rebellion Rodrigo lost most of his castles and "tenencias". In December 1221, though they were subjects of the Castilian crown, Rodrigo and Alvar did homage to Sancho VII of Navarre for the castle of Los Fayos on the Moncayo.
Rodrigo's poetic activity is known only from the "Tavola Colocciana", which lists three songs of his, none surviving. He is the only Galician-Portuguese poet known to have attended the court of Alfonso VIII. Rodrigo also spent time at the court of Diego López de Haro, who patronised many Occitan troubadours as well as the Castilian minstrel Gonzalo Ruiz de Azagra, all of whom probably influenced Rodrigo, especially Elias Cairel and Guillem Magret. Rodrigo eventually married Diego's daughter Aldonza. He was the father of at least one son, Simón Royz, active in the reign of Alfonso X from at least 1246 to 1277.

</doc>
<doc id="19601620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601620" title="Leszek Iwanicki">
Leszek Iwanicki

Leszek Iwanicki (born August 12, 1959) is former Polish football player who was play at midfielder for Widzew Łódź mostly.
His previous clubs were Piast Gliwice, Zawisza Rzgów, Marko Walichnowy, RKS Radomsko, Polonia Bytom, Widzew Łódź, Motor Lublin, Legia Warsaw, and Urania Geneva in Switzerland, SK Vorwärts Steyr in Austria, La Roche VF in France, Umeå FC in Sweden, and Yukong Elephants in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19601631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601631" title="Nejdet Zalev">
Nejdet Zalev

Nejdet Zalev was an Olympic medalist in wrestling from the township of Ustina in south-central Bulgaria. He won the Silver Medal in freestyle wrestling (bantamweight) in the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. He was of Turkish descent.

</doc>
<doc id="19601632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601632" title="Bill Patterson (footballer)">
Bill Patterson (footballer)

William 'Bill' Patterson (born 15 September 1888) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Patterson made 11 appearances for St Kilda, with the only win coming against University. He reappeared in the 1938 VFL season when he took over from Ansell Clarke as coach of St Kilda for a game against North Melbourne at Arden Street. St Kilda lost 12.11 (83) to 7.15 (57).

</doc>
<doc id="19601647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601647" title="Peter Veitch">
Peter Veitch

Peter Christian Massyn Veitch (February 1850 – 1929) was a member of the family of horticulturists who established the renowned family business Veitch Nurseries.
Early days.
Veitch was the son of Robert Veitch and was born in the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa, where his father was farming, before his father returned to England to join the family nursery company in 1856. 
In 1867, he was employed by the London branch of the family business under his uncle James Veitch, Jr., working at the Coombe Wood nurseries as an assistant nurseryman in the "Trees & Shrubs" department, before transferring to work in the "New Plant" department at Chelsea, London, where he stayed until 1869. He was then sent to a seed-growing establishment in Germany, and then to a seed-house in France for six months, before returning to Chelsea. 
Plant hunting.
By 1875, James Veitch & Sons was under the control of Peter's cousin, Harry Veitch, who dispatched him "to visit, on behalf of the firm, the clients in Australasia, and, at the same time, introduce to England any plants likely to be of value for horticultural purposes."
Peter left England in 1875 for Sydney, by the long sea route. He spent little time there, before leaving for Fiji, having an offer to sail in H.M. schooner "Renard". Several months were spent in visiting the various islands of the Fiji group and in collecting plants. In February 1876, a trading vessel having called at Fiji, Veitch secured a passage and proceeded to the South Sea Islands, where he remained until the following September. The whole of the collection of plants made in the Fiji Islands was lost in a gale, but that from the South Sea Islands was despatched to England in 1877. 
From September to December 1876 he made excursions to various parts of the Australian Colonies, where he found various ferns including "Lomaria discolor", "L. discolor bipinnatifida" and "Microlepia hirta cristata", which were sent to England for cultivation.
During the early part of 1877, a visit was made to New Zealand, including visiting Mount Cook, where seeds of the beautiful "Ranunculus lyalli" were gathered and sent to Chelsea, from which plants were raised and flowered. From other parts of New Zealand several species of Celmisia and Veronica were introduced, as well as "the beautiful and somewhat difficult" "Notospartium carmichaeliae".
In June 1877, Veitch again visited Australia, but in August, as he was making his way to New Guinea, he had the misfortune to be shipwrecked off the north coast of Australia, and once again the collections were lost.
His 1877–78 exploration of Mount Kinabalu in Borneo with Frederick William Burbidge yielded many extraordinary carnivorous "Nepenthes". Amongst the species they also re-discovered was "Paphiopedilum dayanum", which had been originally discovered by Sir Hugh Low in 1858. In the spring of 1878, he returned to Chelsea, bringing with him the collection that he had made in Borneo in company with Burbidge.
Robert Veitch & Sons.
In 1880, he joined his father in the Exeter branch of the family business, bringing his experiences of French and German nurseries into the company as well as an element of flair from the Chelsea nursery. Peter Veitch was a plantsman with a keen interest in trees and shrubs which he turned into a speciality for the Exeter nurseries. When his father died in 1885 Peter became head of the Exeter nurseries and played a very active part in the life of the city. He was a keen sportsman, a Governor of the Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital, and served on a number of committees. 
In 1907, he succeeded in crossing "Magnolia campbellii" (with striking, large, saucer-shaped pink flowers) and "Magnolia denudata" (which has erect, cup-shaped, lemon-scented flowers and pristine white petals which are thick and fleshy) to produce "Magnolia x veitchii", with purple-pink flowers. In 1971, the plant was given the cultivar name ""Peter Veitch"" in honour of its raiser and to differentiate it from the white flowered cultivar ""Isca"".
In 1917 he was awarded the Victoria Medal of Honour, the second member of the family to be so honoured following his cousin Harry in 1906. 
Following Peter's death in 1929, the Exeter nurseries were run by his daughter Anna Mildred (1889 – 1971), who continued to operate the business until shortly before she died.
Family.
He was married to Harriett Drew, and amongst their children was Major John Leonard Veitch M.C., who was killed in northern France on 21 May 1918, aged 31. He is buried at the Thiennes British Military Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19601678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601678" title="Josh Homme discography">
Josh Homme discography

Josh Homme is an American rock musician, who has released 18 studio albums and has collaborated with 26 different artists. He started playing guitar in the 1980s and formed a band with Palm Desert, California school friends John Garcia and Brant Bjork, initially under the name Katzenjammer, then Sons of Kyuss, and later shortened to simply Kyuss. The band released an extended play (EP), "Sons of Kyuss" (1990), when Homme was 16, before going on to record four critically acclaimed studio albums and a greatest hits release, without breaking through to mainstream success. After the break-up of the band in 1995, Homme considered abandoning his music career, but was persuaded by vocalist Mark Lanegan to join the Screaming Trees on tour as second guitarist.
In August, 1997 Homme gathered a few musician friends at Rancho de la Luna in the Palm Desert for a weekend of collaboration called "The Desert Sessions". The experiment yielded two albums, "Volumes 1 & 2", and Homme would repeat the exercise at the Rancho with different musicians on a further four occasions over the next decade. Homme formed Queens of the Stone Age with former Kyuss drummer Alfredo Hernández in 1997 (initially under the name Gamma Ray). In 1998 the Queens of the Stone Age released their debut album "Queens of the Stone Age", on which Homme performed lead vocals, guitar and bass guitar. Queens of the Stone Age would adopt a fluid line-up, with dozens of members joining and leaving as the band developed while Homme remained the only permanent member, releasing several EPs and compilations, a DVD, as well as four more studio albums, including the break-through "Songs for the Deaf" (2002).
The Eagles of Death Metal started out as an impromptu collaboration on the Desert Sessions' 1998 release "", but became a full-time band with the recording and release of their debut album, "Peace, Love, Death Metal", in 2004. The original line-up included Homme on the drums and childhood friend Jesse "The Devil" Hughes on lead vocals and guitar, although Homme rarely tours with the band due to his commitments with Queens of the Stone Age. In 2006, Eagles of Death Metal released its second studio album, "Death by Sexy", which became their first album to chart on the "Billboard" 200.
Outside of his full-time projects, Homme has appeared on the releases of several bands, including "Deep in the Hole" (2001) and "Flak 'n' Flight" (2003) by Masters of Reality, "Cocaine Rodeo" (2000) and "A Drug Problem That Never Existed" (2003) by Queens of the Stone Age sideproject Mondo Generator, Foo Fighters' "In Your Honor" (2005) and Peaches' "Impeach My Bush" (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="19601688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601688" title="Princess Coup">
Princess Coup

Princess Coup (foaled 2003 in Australia) is a New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse. She is most noted for twice winning the Kelt Capital Stakes, New Zealand's premier race, in 2007 and 2008. She also won the 2007 New Zealand Oaks and 2008 Stoneybridge Stakes, and ran third in the 2007 Caulfield Cup. She was officially retired in January 2009, with a career record of 12 wins from 33 starts, and NZ$4.2 million in earnings.

</doc>
<doc id="19601714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601714" title="The Christmas Collection (Amy Grant album)">
The Christmas Collection (Amy Grant album)

The Christmas Collection is a Christmas compilation album released by American pop and Christian singer Amy Grant in 2008. It is her second Christmas compilation album, after 2005's "My Best Christmas".
According to Amy Grant's official website,
Album information.
The compilation includes fourteen previously released Christmas songs from Grant's three Christmas studio albums, "A Christmas Album", "Home for Christmas", and "A Christmas to Remember", as well as four new songs.
Of the four new tracks, two are cover songs and two are original compositions. The two covers are "Jingle Bells" and "Count Your Blessings". The latter is taken from the 1954 jukebox musical film "White Christmas", and even though Grant has stated she has not watched it yet, she recorded the song for its message. The version of "Jingle Bells" is a cover of the fast-paced arrangement written by Marty Paich and originally recorded by Barbra Streisand. The two new original compositions are "I Need a Silent Night", co-written with constant collaborator Chris Eaton ("Breath of Heaven (Mary's Song)"); and "Baby, It's Christmas", co-written with husband and fellow singer Vince Gill.
Track listing.
The album contains a shortened version of "A Mighty Fortress / Angels We Have Heard on High". The intro of "Sleigh Ride" actually begins over the end of "Baby, It's Christmas", and continues non-stop in a successive flow.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19601746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601746" title="Robin Hughes">
Robin Hughes

Robin Hughes (7 June 1920 – 10 December 1989) was a British film and television actor.
Background.
Robin Hughes was born June 7, 1920 in Buenos Aires, Argentina to English parents. His father was head of the British Royal Wheat Commission, and Hughes spent his childhood moving from country to country as his father was transferred in government service; consequently, his early schooling was acquired in South America, Canada, Mozambique, East Africa, and other places. At the age of 18, he joined the Royal Navy as a signalman, and at the end of World War II he left the service as lieutenant commander.
He came to the United States in 1948, and was in many theater, television and film roles. In 1958, he appeared as the amorous editor Brian O'Bannion in "Auntie Mame" opposite Rosalind Russell. That year he made two guest appearances on "Perry Mason": first as murderer Addison Doyle in "The Case of the Green-Eyed Sister," then as Rodney Beaton in "The Case of the Buried Clock." He is also known for playing the title role (Satan) in The Twilight Zone episode The Howling Man.
He died December 10, 1989 in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19601769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601769" title="Charles Durward Griffin">
Charles Durward Griffin

Charles "Chuck" Durward Griffin (born 1952) is a biomedical engineer involved in artificial heart valve design, head engineer of Carbomedic. By 2004, Griffin's designs contributed to half a million installed prosthetic heart valves.
Griffin graduated from Auburn University in 1975, earning master's degree from the University of Alabama in 1980. Griffin works with Carbomedic since 1982; he is a resident of Austin, Texas. In 2006, he was inducted to the Alabama Engineers Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19601785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601785" title="Chembaruthi">
Chembaruthi

Chembaruthi is a 1992 Indian Tamil language film directed by R. K. Selvamani and starring Prashanth Thiagarajan, Mansoor Ali Khan, Nassar, Bhanumathi and Roja who made her debut as an actress.
Plot.
The film is a story about the love of two teenagers of different classes – Raja (Prashanth) who is settled in America,the grand son of a rich business woman (Bhanumathi), comes to the Fisherman Village in India to see his grand mother. Chembaruthi (Roja) sister of a poor fisherman Pandy (Radha Ravi) who works in Bhanumathi house & the couple first see each other during Raja's birthday party & it is love at first sight for Raja. They meet often & their love grows leaps & bounds. The Grandmother wants Raja to marry the daughter ( Pinky- debutant Adeen Khan), of a rich Sea Food Exporter Murugan (Nasser). At the party they announce their interest of Raja with Pinky. Raaj realises that his relationship with the daughter of a poor fisherman is not taken kindly by his eccentric Grand Mother & when she comes to know Raja's love with Chemaruthi, she accuses Pandy, of using his sister's beauty & charm to trap Raja for his money. She even offers Pandy cash to have Chembaruthi stop seeing Raja. Pandy feels highly humiliated by this accusation & reciprocates by insulting Bhanumathi. Their talk enters a deadlock & spells doom for Raja & Chembaruthi's tender love. Bhanumathi engages Raja to the daughter of Murugan in order to establish business ties with her rich father. Murugan also engages his sister to another fisherman Kumar (Mansoor Ali Khan) But Raj & Chembaruthi run away from home. Bhanumathi announces a reward for anyone who can help find her grandson. Murugan decides that he wants the money. He & his goons find the lovers, kidnap & lock them up in a Boat. Raja. fights his life out for Chembaruthi & save her from being drowned in the sea. Bhanumathi realize that their love is very strong & doesn't want to stand in the way of their happiness. She & Pandy accept their love & give their blessings to the union.
Soundtrack.
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The lyrics were written by Vaali, Muthulingham and Piraisoodan.

</doc>
<doc id="19601819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601819" title="Thank You My Teens">
Thank You My Teens

Background and information.
First ever live DVD release from Yui celebrating her twentieth birthday and thanking her teenage days with footage of her recent all-Japan concert tour and behind-the-scenes footage and video. The DVD features her 2nd Tour Spring & Jump: Can't Buy My Love gig at the C.C. Lemon Hall in Shibuya. The tour includes places such as Hokkaido, Fukushima, Okinawa and so on. 
The DVD has a hidden secret. On the Title Page of the DVD, when clicked on "Yui", there will be second sound channel featuring commentary by Yui and Shigezou san, host of Yui Radio, watching the DVD for the first time. They talk and comment about each scene and songs throughout the DVD so that fans can enjoy and feel like they are watching the DVD with Yui and Shigezou-san. The DVD also includes a Yui Sticker.

</doc>
<doc id="19601860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601860" title="Marine loading arm">
Marine loading arm

A marine loading arm, also known as a mechanical loading arm, loading arm, or MLA is a device consisting of articulated steel pipes that connect a tankship such as an oil tanker or chemical tanker to a cargo terminal. Genericized trademarks such as Chiksan (often misspelled Chicksan) are often used to refer to marine loading arms.
Operation and design.
A marine loading arm is an alternative to direct hose hookups that is particularly useful for larger vessels and transfers at higher loading rates and pressures. Controlled manually or hydraulically, a loading arm employs swivel joints and can, to some extent, follow the movement of a moored vessel. Many loading arm systems feature quick-connect fittings. Gasket or o-ring arrangements are required to make a secure seal to the ship's manifold flange. A loading arm must be drained or closed off before the connection is broken off. This is usually done in two ways. For fuels such as gas oil and diesel, the lines can be blown out with high pressure air. In the case of fuels such as kerosene or petrol, the lines can be stripped with pumps.
Loading arms can handle both liquids and gases, in a wide range of viscosities and temperatures. Cargoes from liquid sulphur to liquefied natural gas are moved through marine loading arms. Loading arms service vessels in a wide range of sizes, from small river barges to the largest supertankers.
Various designs exist, and specific installations can be tailored for a given port based on considerations such as vessel size, cargo flow rate and cargo temperature. Environmental constraints, such as the range of tide, wind conditions, and earthquake tolerance can also affect choice of loading arm. A loading arm installation may include add-ons such as hydraulic or manual quick connect couplers, position monitoring systems, emergency release systems, and piggyback vapor return lines.
Compared to cargo hoses, the loading arm's main drawback is its comparative lack of flexibility.
History.
Since the earliest days of tankships, the need to safely and efficiently transfer bulk liquid to a moored ship has been fundamental. An insufficient solution to this problem led to one of the world's first oil tanker disasters. In 1881, the Branobel tanker "Nordenskjöld" was taking on kerosene in Baku. The ship was connected to the pier with a simple piece of pipe. While loading, the ship was hit by a gust of wind and the cargo pipe carrying was jerked away from the hold. Kerosene then spilled onto the deck and down into the engine room, where mechanics were working in the light of kerosene lanterns. The ship then exploded, killing half the crew. Ludvig Nobel responded to the disaster by creating a flexible, leakproof loading pipe which was much more resistant to spills.
Chiksan brand marine loading arm manufacturer FMC Technologies claims to have built the world's first all-steel marine loading arm in 1956 and to have over 8,000 units installed worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19601861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601861" title="Philippe Dupuis">
Philippe Dupuis

Philippe Dupuis (born April 24, 1985) is a Canadian ice hockey player who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career.
Dupuis was drafted 104th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Columbus Blue Jackets from Hull Olympiques of the QMJHL. On July 28, 2005, Dupuis signed a 3 year entry-level contract with the Blue Jackets. After 5 years in the QMJHL, Dupuis made his professional debut in the 2006–07 season with the Syracuse Crunch of the AHL.
During the 2007–08 season on January 22, 2008, Dupuis was traded from the Blue Jackets, along with Darcy Campbell, to the Colorado Avalanche for Mark Rycroft. Dupuis was then sent to AHL affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters, for the remainder of the year.
Dupuis received his first recall to the Avalanche in the 2008–09 season on December 11, 2008. He made his NHL debut in a 4-3 loss against the Chicago Blackhawks on December 13, 2008. In the 2009–10 season Dupuis was again assigned to Lake Erie posting 35 points in 68 contests. Philippe played in four games with the Avalanche and notched his first NHL point, an assist, in a 4-1 victory over the Phoenix Coyotes on November 4, 2009.
In the 2010–11 season, Dupuis made the Avalanche's opening night roster out of training camp, securing a position as the team's fourth line center. He scored his first NHL goal, which was short handed, on November 6, 2010, against Andrew Raycroft of the Dallas Stars, as part of a 5-0 home win for the Colorado Avalanche. He also had two assists and was named the first star of the game. Dupuis concluded his NHL rookie campaign with 17 points in 74 games.
On July 7, 2011, the Toronto Maple Leafs signed Dupuis to a two-way one-year deal. He made the Maple Leafs opening night roster for the 2011–12 season as the team's fourth line center. Whilst playing in limited minutes, Dupuis struggled offensively and after 30 scoreless games was waived by the Maple Leafs on January 2, 2012. Upon clearing, he was assigned to AHL affiliate, the Toronto Marlies for the remainder of the season. Dupuis regained his scoring touch with the Marlies to help reach the Calder Cup finals with 14 points in 17 playoff games.
On July 5, 2012, Dupuis was signed as a free agent to a one-year, two-way deal with the Pittsburgh Penguins. Due to the NHL lockout, Dupuis was directly assigned to AHL affiliate, the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins, for the 2012–13 season. Dupuis had his season blighted by a concussion which limited his effectiveness in producing 11 points in 34 games.
Dupuis signed his first professional European contract on a one-year deal with German club, the Hamburg Freezers of the DEL on June 27, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19601877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601877" title="Loading arm">
Loading arm

A loading arm permits the transfer of liquid or liquefied gas from one tank to another through an articulated pipe system consisting of rigid piping and swivel joints to obtain flexibility.
Transfer to or from a truck transported tank or rail transported tank requires a Top Loading Arm or a Bottom Loading Arm. Transfer to or from a ship or barge requires a marine loading arm.
Top and Bottom loading arm.
Both types of loading arms are typically made of 3 pipes – respectively called inner arm, outer arm and drop pipe.
The size can be from 2” to 6”. These 3 pipes are connected by swivel joints. Swivel joints are required to provide the flexibility needed. The loading arm unfolds to get the required working envelope to load or unload the tanker, and the reverse is to retract or get a minimal space for parking or storage.
Both types of loading arms may be mounted on a column or via a plate to an existing wall.
Balancing is needed due to the weight of the steel piping. Balancing of the arm is made by counterweight or by a spring balance cylinder.
Top loading arm.
Top loading arms are used to load or unload road or rail tankers.
Loading or unloading is done through the manhole on the top of the tanker.
Depending on the nature of the product (not dangerous, without any toxic vapors…), the connection may be “open”, this means that the manhole is not sealed.
A “Semi-Closed” connection can be made by a cone on the manhole of the tanker.
A “Closed” connection is required for all dangerous and toxic products. This connection is made by a flange to the top of the tanker.
A cone can be equipped with a vapour hose to prevent the vapors from being released to the atmosphere.
Numerous accessories are available to make a loading arm more ergonomic and more effective: press down system, pneumatic up/down system, top level control, safety break valve, purge, drain…etc.
Bottom loading arm.
This kind of arm is reserved for the unloading of road/rail tanker from the bottom, at the rear or side.
The location of the connection has an influence on the length of the pipes. As an example, a rear connection requires a longer length of arms than for a side connection.
The connection of this kind of loading arm can be made by flange, thread or by quick connection coupler such as a Dry Disconnect.
There are also a numerous accessories which can be fitted to the Bottom loading arm to make it more ergonomic and more effective as described for the Top loading arm.
Marine loading arm.
To load or unload a ship, a hose or loading arm is needed to follow the movement of the ship due to the dynamics of changing draft, changing tide, wind and other factors.
A Marine Loading Arm offers a significant improvement over a hose in the transfer of liquids between vessel and shore because It provides an easier and more ergonomic operation, gives longer service life and permits Emergency Release Action without any spillage of product and without any pollution.
Like the Top and Bottom loading arm, the Marine Loading Arm is a system consisting of rigid piping and swivel joints to obtain flexibility. The OCIMF (Oil Companies International Marine Forum) and ASME have established guidelines for matters of strength calculations, working envelope and accessories. However the design of the loading arm is not included in this guideline and left to the individual manufacturer.
The product line reposes on a fixed stand post or riser and is connected by an inner and an outer arm – both arms are movable parts. Balancing is needed due to the weight of the steel piping. Balancing of the Marine Loading Arm is done by a rotating counterweight, which is connected to the inner arm and the outer arm via a rigid pantograph.
Small loading arms may be manually operated. The bigger ones are hydraulically operated.
The product line can be self supported or mounted on an independent support frame.
Since the swivels are strong enough to absorb the weights of the product line, the liquid in the arms and the forces of the wind, the marine loading arm can be built as a self-supporting structure.
Nowadays marine loading arms can also be built on an independent support frame as is required for LNG and highly corrosive liquids.
Recently the design of the marine loading arms has been significantly improved by the symmetric design. This new concept offers many advantages such as the equal distribution of forces on the swivel joints under all conditions, less force within the structure, reduces the weight of the loading arm, and permits larger working envelopes without requiring significantly stronger construction.
Since the symmetric design has proven its effectiveness and its reliability. The symmetric design is also applicable to marine loading arms requiring an independent support frame.

</doc>
<doc id="19601887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601887" title="USS Zircon (PY-16)">
USS Zircon (PY-16)

USS "Zircon" (PY-16) was an armed yacht that served in the United States Navy from 1941 to 1946.
"Zircon" was built by the Pusey and Jones Corporation at Wilmington, Delaware, in 1929 as the private yacht "Nakhoda". The U.S. Navy acquired "Nakhodka" from automobile body manufacturer Mr. Fred J. Fisher of Detroit, Michigan, on 9 December 1940, renamed her USS "Zircon", and designated her as a patrol yacht (PY-16). She was outfitted for naval service at the Brooklyn Navy Yard in Brooklyn, New York and commissioned on 25 March 1941 with Lieutenant Commander Cornelius M. Sullivan in command.
Though assigned to New London, Connecticut, as an antiaircraft gunnery school ship specializing in machine-gun training for officer trainees, "Zircon" also conducted inshore patrols and visited ports from New York City to Casco Bay, Maine. Those duties continued until the autumn of 1941, at which time she began making mail and dispatch runs between Portland, Maine, and Argentia, Newfoundland.
In mid-February 1942, "Zircon" was reassigned to the Eastern Sea Frontier and initially conducted patrols along the coast of New Jersey. Following extensive repairs in June 1942, the converted yacht reported for duty with the Commander, Caribbean Sea Frontier, under whose auspices she escorted convoys between Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and New York City. She steamed back and forth between Cuba and New York City — occasionally calling at some of the islands of the West Indies, notably Trinidad and San Salvador Island — until 1 March 1944. At that juncture, she received a temporary assignment to the United States Coast Guard's weather patrol.
Between March and November 1944, "Zircon" operated out of Boston, Massachusetts, and plied the waters of the North Atlantic with the weather patrol. However, she continued to participate to some extent in the protection of New York City-Guantanamo Bay convoys and of other mercantile traffic along the North American coast.
On 16 November 1944, "Zircon" reported for duty with the Commander, DD-DE (i.e., destroyer-destroyer escort) Shakedown Task Group. That duty lasted until 7 December 1944, when she was designated relief flagship for the Commander in Chief, U.S. Atlantic Fleet, based at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She served in that capacity through the end of World War II.
In September 1946, "Zircon" received orders to report to the Commandant, 6th Naval District at Charleston, South Carolina, to prepare for decommissioning and disposal. On 10 May 1946, she was decommissioned at Charleston. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 5 June 1946, and she was turned over to the Maritime Commission for disposal on 17 October 1946. She was sold by the War Shipping Administration on 24 April 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="19601898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601898" title="J. H. H. Coombes">
J. H. H. Coombes

Col. John Harold Henry Coombes (1906 - 1978) was the first Principal of Cadet College Petaro, one of the earliest public schools built in Pakistan in 1957. During his military career he served in the British Army and fought the Second World War on the Malayan front.
Education and early life.
John Coombes was born on 28 December 1906. His father was a fisherman in Guernsey, the second largest of the Channel Islands. His mother died in 1918 when he was 12 years old. As a teenager, he secured a scholarship to Elizabeth College, Guernsey as a day scholar. At college, he was captain of athletics and gained colours for football and hockey. He also played cricket and took part in shooting, besides being a school Prefect and Sergeant in the Officers Training Corps from 1918 to 1924.
Coombes then won a scholarship to Pembroke College, Oxford University in Mathematics (1924–28). Excelling in sports once again, he gained College colours for hockey, football, and cricket, and was the Oxfordshire hockey captain from 1926 to 1928. At the same time, he was commissioned as 2nd Lieutenant in 1st Battalion of the Royal Guernsey Light Infantry. There was conscription in Guernsey and he did his 2 month annual training during his vacations. He was a member of the British Army of the Rhine when Britain occupied Germany after World War I until 1931.
In 1928, he contracted double pneumonia and was unable to sit for the Degree Examination. Instead of returning for a 5th year at Oxford, he took a job as an inspector of cotton plantations in the Sudan, where he stayed from 1928 to 1932. There he learnt to read and write Arabic and decided to join the Sudan Civil Service. He also became a Volunteer Officer in the Sudan Defence Force. 
In 1935, while teaching part-time, he obtained his BA degree from Oxford, and became married to Alice. He gained his MA in 1939 while working as Senior Geography Master, with French as his second subject, at a public school.
World War II.
Coombes was called up in August 1939 and went to France with the advance party of the British Expeditionary Force as a Captain in the Royal Artillery. He was later transferred to the R.A.F. He was captured at Dunkirk but later escaped to England and remained with the 4th Squadron till 1941.
In late 1941, he was posted to command 330 Artillery Battery of 137 Field Regiment and sent to join the 11th Indian Division in Malaya. His regiment reached there in time to be in the first Indian battle against the Japanese at Jitra on the Siamese (Thai) border. Capt. Coombes's last battery position was on the beach at Singapore when this "Gibraltar of the East" fell to the Japanese on 15 February 1942. He remained a prisoner of war till August 1945.
Prisoner of war.
Coombes recorded his memoirs as a prisoner of war in his book "Banpong Express", which provides a vivid narrative of the Malayan Campaign and of life as a prisoner of war under the "death shadow" of the Imperial Japanese Army. This book was written in the prisoner of war camp at Nangpladuk (Siam). It was hidden in the lining of a one gallon thermos container which, being in use in the cook house, was never detected by the Japanese.
His regiment fought for 9 weeks and suffered in a lost cause. Out of the original 700 who came to Malaya, three Officers, including the C.O., and 28 men were killed in action and 184 died a miserable death as prisoners of war. In December 1946, Coombes was Mentioned in Despatches in recognition of his conduct in this campaign. In the concluding paragraph of "Banpong Express", Coombes writes "Those of us who remained have experienced the bitterness of defeat and the humiliation of captivity under conditions as macabre as any in the history of warfare. We were indeed lucky that the end came when it did. Now we can live again and hope that out of our experiences we may fashion a philosophy of life dynamic enough to be effective in a war-weary world. It must not happen again".
Post World War II.
Coombes returned to the UK in May 1947 and wanted to join the Royal Artillery in the Regular Army. He was turned down due to his age, so he took down his Lieut. Colonel's badge of rank and instead joined the Royal Army Education Corps as a Captain on a short service commission. 
In 1949, he passed the selection tests and at last became a regular soldier, being immediately promoted to Lieut. Colonel. In 1951 he was promoted to the rank of full Colonel and appointed as Chief Education Officer, Anti-Aircraft Command. His approach to education was based on his experience of how a real fighting servicemen lived and so he was welcomed everywhere. In 1954, he went to Singapore as Chief Education Officer, Far East. His province extended over Borneo, Ceylon, Hong Kong, Korea,India, Nepal, and Malaya, and with SEATO from Australia and New Zealand to the Philippines. 
He was producing daily English newspapers in Korean, Malay, and Gurkhali in Malaya and in Hong Kong. He had also started British, Gurkhali, and Malay children’s schools. His contribution in the fields of education, language training and broadcasting was outstanding and he recalled this period as being a “Wonderfully satisfying job”. In recognition of this work, he was awarded the C.B.E..
End of army career.
In 1956, while driving a car in Singapore, Coombes ran into a pedestrian who was killed. Coombes was found guilty of grossly negligent driving and was sentenced by a Court of Appeal in 1957 to six months imprisonment in Changi jail, the same place where he had been held as a prisoner of war. The incident ended his army career as he immediately resigned his commission following his conviction. He was about to be further promoted and privately he mused whether, with such high military rank, he might have been in line for the office of Lieutenant-Governor, the British Monarch's representative, in his home State of Guernsey. Instead, this incident cost him dearly and changed the course of his subsequent life.
Cadet College Petaro.
Col. Coombes returned to the U.K. and saw the Pakistan Government advertisement in the Times for the position of Principal, Cadet College Mirpurkhas. He applied and told the Interview Board the truth about why he left the army. He writes, “I was accepted and came to Pakistan to show the world that Coombes was not an ordinary convict. I decided to produce a good Cadet College and set about the task with no preconceived ideas, except to produce young men who were more concerned with the Code of Honour and being sympathetic human beings than to obtain First Divisions. I was not concerned about academic results simply but about ‘Real Men’. I could afford to be independent and do as I pleased since if they put me in prison, it would not be the first time.”
When asked about the raw stuff from which he wanted to produce such “Real Men”. He replied, “I like the young Pakistani boys. I was impressed by the charm of most boys, their affection for their families and their desire to please. I hope Pakistan will get some outstanding leaders from Petaro. I believe that the future generation of Pakistan will stand or fall by their belief in the Code of Honour”.
Col. Coombes thus became the first full time Principal of Cadet College Mirpurkhas on March 20, 1958. The college was renamed as Cadet College Petaro in 1959 when it moved to its new campus at Petaro. He remained in this position until his retirement in the summer of 1965. 
Coombes is regarded as the real father of this institution. By his sheer hard work, he created those traditions have been carried on by all subsequent college Principals. 
During his early days at Petaro, Coombes lost his life long partner Alice who died in the UK. He remained a widower for the rest of his days at Petaro.
Coombes’ later life.
After his retirement as Principal, Coombes returned to the UK and settled at Sellindge in Kent. His love for Cadet College Petaro was such that he gave the name Petaro to his home and took every opportunity to invite Petarians - ex-cadets graduates of the college - to his UK home.
He married again in 1974, his second wife being Elsie. Coombes returned along with Elsie to Pakistan in 1971 to visit Cadet College Petaro where he was given a grand reception and spent several days. He left Pakistan for the last time with tears in his eyes. 
His last post was that of Deputy Director of Education for the Church of England Diocese of Southwark, serving south London, where he worked between 1968 and 1974. Secretaries in his office there struggled to interpret his minute handwriting which he attributed to those years when he had kept a hidden journal as a POW under the Japanese. After suffering a stroke, he was lovingly cared for by Elsie at his home in Sellindge. He died on 18 February 1978.
Coombes is eulogized at virtually every major occasion held at Cadet College Petaro. He is considered to be a legend and a great hero for the cause of education in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19601916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601916" title="Galápagos turtle">
Galápagos turtle

Galápagos turtle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19601940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601940" title="Heather Leigh West">
Heather Leigh West

Heather Leigh West is a New York City based American recording artist best known for her work in house music.
Early life and education.
Born into a theater family in New York City, West was always surrounded by creative talent. A graduate of Manhattan's La Guardia High School of Music and the Arts - Vocal Department, she developed her style as a member of the school's Gospel Choir.
Career.
Early Years.
West has written and recorded songs for herself as well as other artists of many genres including: Soul, R&B, Funk, Hip-Hop, Gospel, Dance and House. 
West's commercial debut came as the featured vocalist, credited under the moniker "She," on the 1995 Urban Discharge release "Drop a House". The release peaked at number twenty-one, spending eleven weeks on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play Chart and secured its place as a legendary club anthem. Ironically, those same lyrics that was featured in "Drop a House" were later requoted in the 1998 single "Feel It" by The Tamperer featuring Maya, which went on to be a bigger hit on Billboard's Hot Dance Club Play, placing it at number 4 and went on to be a number one single in the UK. Despite the song's huge club success, "Drop a House" was unable to cross over to the airplay charts because it contained lyrics that were at the time considered explicit, while "Feel It" omitted some of the offensive words that helped made their version more radio friendly. 
After nearly a decade of being uncredited by name on the Urban Discharge recording, and later wrongfully credited as the lead vocalist on the "Feel It" single (in this case, Maya from The Tamperer was the actual singer), West decided to re-record the legendary track "Drop a House" with DJ Demarko! for release on Tommy Boy Entertainment's imprint Silver Label in 2009. The updated version, at last crediting West, peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play Chart.
2000s.
In 2000, West teamed up with Eddie X for the release of "Vibe the Underground". The project was later featured on "The Circuit Party Volume 1" compilation.
In association with German music producer Da Hool in late 2003, West wrote and recorded "Set the Stakes High" for Germany's Kosmo Records. The single's early success in Europe led to its inclusion on numerous compilations worldwide. Soon after, "Set the Stakes High" saw its domestic debut on the American dance label Robbins Entertainment in 2004 where the release climbed to number twenty-one on the Billboard Hot Dance Singles Sales Chart. 
In 2004, West was asked to take part in a project with FIGJAM Records to benefit the ACLU Foundation’s Lesbian & Gay Rights and AIDS Projects. The album, a double-disc set titled "Marry Me," with individual discs dubbed "Ceremony" and "Reception," included West's single "Eres Tu," produced by the Bodega Boys. "Marry Me", which also included, among others, music by RuPaul and Ari Gold, was celebrated on November 16, 2004 at a record release gala held at XL in New York's Chelsea neighborhood.
In 2005, West partnered with New York based producer DJ Dove for her next single, "Lift Me." The track, written by West, was released on Catch 22 Recordings and featured additional mixes by DJ Disciple.
Though still nurturing her career in dance music, West made a departure of sorts from the genre when she began work on her first full length record in late 2005 with New York based music producer Valentino LaRosa. The album, a marriage of organic instruments and the synthetic sounds familiar to her dance music fans, is perhaps best described as Alternative/Soul. Appropriately titled, "One (Valentino's Heather)" the records name not only marks the first of many to come, but more importantly is a reference to unity. Forever striving to do something different from what she has before, West decided to reproduce the same material with a more laid back musical vibe to create a double release with "One Extra Chilled - HLW On the Rocks". The album is currently available for preview as digital release on iTunes and is planned for official release on CD later in the year. West released a darkly artistic music video for the album's first single "Fall Away." The video is available to view on the popular video sharing website, YouTube.
In late 2007 West returned the studio with music producer DJ Dove to record a new dance single, "Closer", co-written by West and fellow songwriters. The much anticipated single will be her first commercially available dance release since 2005. A big room house anthem, "Closer" beckoning all to "venga mas cerca (Come closer)," was released digitally through beatport.com on October 26, 2008.
2010 & Beyond.
In early 2010, West appeared as a featured artist on JFortino's release, "Fearless People", which she co-wrote along with JFortino and Dawn Tallman (who is also featured on the recording).
Also in 2010, HLW returned to the studio to record "Don't Hold Back", the much anticipated follow up project with DaHool. The track is slated for release on the German label We Play Records in late 2010.
In the same year, West joined forces with DJ/Producer Nick Harvey for "Pure Love". The project credits HLW as "Halo", which the artist explained is an alter ego.
Discography.
HLW Discography from Discogs

</doc>
<doc id="19601961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601961" title="Bengali film directory">
Bengali film directory

Bengali film directory is an archive of Bengali films (in English). Published in March 1999 by Nandan, West Bengal Film Centre (Calcutta), this directory was edited by Ansu Sur and was compiled by Abhijit Goswami. It includes all Bengali feature films released from 1917 to 1998, described briefly, but including detailed cast and crew, director name, release date and release theater name.

</doc>
<doc id="19601973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601973" title="Convention of consistency">
Convention of consistency

The convention of consistency means that same accounting principles should be used for preparing financial statements for different periods. It enables the management to draw important conclusions regarding the working of the concern over a longer period. It allows a comparison in the performance of different periods. If different accounting procedures and processes are used for preparing financial statements of different years then the results will not be comparable because these will be based on different postulates.
The concept of consistency does not mean that no change should be made in accounting procedures. There should always be a scope for improvement but the changes should be notified in the statements. The impact of changes of procedures should be clearly stated. It will enable the readers to analyze information according to new procedures. In the absence of any information regarding the change, it will be presumed that old methods have been used this time also. Whenever, consistency is not followed this fact may be fully disclosed. For example, if a change in the method of charging depreciation is made or a change is made in the method of allocating overhead expenses to different products, a foot note to the financial statements should be given indicating the extent of change. If possible, net monetary effect of these changes should also be given. Consistency may be of three types:
The vertical consistency is maintained within inter-related financial statements of the same period. If a change has been made in dealing with two aspects of the same statement then it will be vertical inconsistency. For example, if one method of depreciation is used while preparing profit and loss account and another method is followed while preparing balance sheet, it will be a case of vertical inconsistency. When figures of one financial year are compared with the figures of another financial year of the same organization it will be a case of horizontal consistency. Third dimensional consistency will arise when financial statements of two different organizations, in the same industry, are compared.

</doc>
<doc id="19601982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601982" title="Modern Love (film)">
Modern Love (film)

Modern Love is the debut feature film of award winning Australian director Alex Frayne. It was independently financed and filmed in South Australia, where the director lives and works. The team behind the film (Sputnik Films) includes award winning cinematographer Nick Matthews and Australian Film Institute winning sound designer Tom Heuzenroeder. 
"Modern Love" premiered at the 28th Moscow International Film Festival and progressed to dozens of other film festivals, including the Locarno Film Festival, São Paulo International Film Festival, and the Fajr Film Festival in Iran. It made its Australian screen debut at the 2007 Adelaide Film Festival, where the film was reviewed by Variety Magazine's critic Richard Kuipers who called it:
""unlike anything else in the entire Australian genre catalogue.""
The film earned theatrical runs in Australia (Nova Cinemas), and in New Zealand at the Paramount Cinema in Wellington. Dominion Post film reviewer Graeme Tuckett wrote that it was:""the best thing playing in town. No contest.""
Synopsis.
John, his wife Emily, and their small son Edward leave the city for what they believe will be a brief foray to the countryside to claim John’s inheritance – a small shack. They find themselves in a strange back-woods rural setting…nothing is what it seems, and John's behaviour becomes increasingly bizarre as he crosses paths with the unusual inhabitants of the area, some of whom he knows from a distant past. 
As his connections to the area are gradually revealed, we are shown a puzzle and a tapestry of our hero and his life before he moved away. To his wife's horror we witness a man who belongs to a long lineage of disaster and mishap and rural weirdness. As the realisation sets in of what has happened, the spectre of the next-in-line, his son Edward, becomes spookily evident.
Criticisms.
Modern Love received harsh reviews in Australia with some critics focusing on the ambiguity of the title as well as the disorientating plot structure the film offers. Both Alex Frayne and Nick Matthews maintain the title to be valid yet neither has fully explained its origins at any time throughout the film's exposure to audiences. Jake Wilson of The Age derided the film as being akin to an Australian "Tarkovsky" work, while dramaturg Phyllis-Jane Rose branded it the "darkest" film ever made. Frayne himself calls the film "Australian Gothic," and "like walking into a nightmare which you wish would last longer." These inclinations explain both the film's art-house success in Europe as well as its muted response in Australia. In France the film picked up the Best Foreign Film award at the ECU Festival in March 2007.
DVD releases.
In Australia the film was released by Accent Underground. In the US the film was released by Seminal Films.
Box Office.
"Modern Love" grossed $549.00 at the box office in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19601996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19601996" title="Martin Blunos">
Martin Blunos

Martin Lauris Blunos (born 11 April 1960) is a British TV chef. Blunos earned two Michelin Guide stars at his restaurant Lettonie, first in Bristol and then in Bath.
Early life and career.
His parents came from Latvia to England just after the World War II. Martin attended Thornbury Castle School where he excelled in Home Economics. Once he'd finished his education, he learned his craft through college training in Cheltenham and Cambridge. His cooking style is influenced by his half Russian half Latvian mother. He did a spell at the Strand Palace Hotel in London, a season in Switzerland and went on a Greek tycoon's yacht before settling down in a job at Lampwick's in Battersea, London.
Blunos's first restaurant as chef and owner was Lettonie (French for Latvia) in Bristol, which opened in 1988 with a Franco-British style of cooking with some Eastern European elements. He had opened it with his then girlfriend, Siân, who would later become his wife. He earned his first Michelin star there in 1989, and a second in 1991. He felt at the time that his fellow chefs didn't give him much credit, as he wasn't well known prior to winning the accolades from Michelin. In 1997 he moved Lettonie to larger premises in his home town of Bath where he was assisted by James Tanner. He subsequently felt that he didn't get enough out of the Lettonie "brand", as at the time he felt that he couldn't run more than a single location. The restaurant closed in 2001 as he felt that as a chef-proprietor, he couldn't devote enough time to his family. It was the birth of his daughter that prompted the decision and thought that the only thing that kept his marriage together was that his wife also worked at the restaurant. He opened a new restaurant called Blinis (restaurant), and his two Michelin star rating followed him to the new premises. In September 2002, the owners, Sebastian and Philippa Hughes decided to close the restaurant. Blunos launched a court case for unfair dismissal.
Blunos cooked for Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh whilst they were visiting Bath as part of the Golden Jubilee tour, in 2002. Following the closure of Lettonie, Blunos was kept busy for the next two years with television appearances and consultancy work for other restaurants. In 2004 Blunos took over as head chef of the Lygon Arms in Broadway, Worcestershire, gaining it a Michelin star and two AA Rosettes in 2005. His two year contract at the Lygon Arms allowed him the freedom to appear on television and it was agreed that he wouldn't be required at the restaurant every day. He later became executive chef at Hurst House on the Marsh, Laugharne, West Wales, and purchased a share in the Reservoir in Charlton Kings, Cheltenham.
In 2010, Blunos became executive chef for Crown Hotels, owners of restaurants at Whitebrook and Celtic Manor. As part of his appearance at the Frome Cheese Show in September that year, Blunos developed what he hoped to be declared the world's most expensive cheese sandwich. It contained cheddar mixed with white truffles and sprinkled with edible gold dust, and cost £110.59. Crown subsequently began to manage the restaurant at The Parc hotel in Cardiff, owned by Thistle Hotels. The restaurant earned two AA Rosettes, but the partnership between Crown Hotels and Thistle Hotels ended in August 2011. The arrangement between Crown and Blunos ended in 2012 after catering was taken back in-house by Celtic Manor. Later that year, he was appointed as culinary director of the restaurants at the Hogarth Hotel in Dorridge, West Midlands. His appointment was part of a £4 million investment into the hotel by owners Helena and Andy Hogarth. He has also teamed up with the Devon based Mad About Pies company, which launched a range of Martin Blunos Gastro Pub Pies to be stocked in Co-operative Food stores. It is part of an expansion by the company which looked to increase its production to 10,000 pies a week by the end of May 2012.
Television work.
Blunos now concentrates on consultancy and television work. He is a regular contributing chef on "Food Poker" and a guest chef on "Cooks". He is also associated with "Great Food Live", "Food Uncut", "Saturday Kitchen", "The Supersizers Eat..." and "Iron Chef UK". Prior to appearing on "Iron Chef", Blunos watched some episodes of "Iron Chef America" but thought that the chefs on the British version were equal to their American counterparts. He was the first "Iron Chef" to be selected on the show and appeared in the opening episode. He also had his own show, "Tasting Times with Martin Blunos".
Personal life.
Blunos sports a walrus moustache, which the media has stated makes him instantly recognisable. Although he once said that if he was ever to get a short hair cut that he'd removed it, as he was concerned it would leave him looking like a member of the Village People. Blunos lives in Bath with his wife Siân, his two sons Leon and Max and his daughter Coco.
His son Max is the drummer for the band Out Like A Lion, and formerly for progressive rock band Zilch. Out Like A Lion played Glastonbury 2010 for BBC introducing; supported Florence and the Machines, The Temper Trap and Example; and been selected for Radio One playlist by Chris Moyles. Blunos enjoys clay pigeon shooting in his spare time, and feels that it enables him to refresh after working in the kitchen. Martin is also a Bristol City F.C. fan.

</doc>
<doc id="19602006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602006" title="Bunyamwera virus">
Bunyamwera virus

The Bunyamwera virus is a Negative-sense single stranded envelope RNA virus. It is the type species of the Orthobunyavirus genus, it is in the Bunyaviridae family.
The Bunyamwera virus can infect both humans and "Aedes aegypti" (the Yellowfever mosquito).
It is named for Bunyamwera, a town in Western Uganda where the type species was isolated.
Disease in Humans.
In humans Bunyamwera virus causes Bunyamwera fever.

</doc>
<doc id="19602021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602021" title="Isarn, Count of Pallars">
Isarn, Count of Pallars

Isarn (died 948) was the Count of Pallars from 920 until his death, and effectively a sovereign prince. He was the eldest of four sons of Raymond I, Count of Pallars and Ribagorza. With his younger brother Llop he co-ruled Pallars after his father's death in 920. Their brothers Bernard and Miró co-governed Ribagorza. A fifth brother, Otto (or Ato), was Bishop of Pallars, which allowed the counts, especially Isarn, to effectively control the Church in their territories.
Isarn probably co-governed Pallars with his father from around 900. In 904 he was captured along with seven hundred others during a raid by the Banu Qasi chieftain of Lleida, Lope ibn Mohammed. From the Codex of Roda we know that he remained a prisoner at Tudela until 918, when he was liberated by Sancho I of Pamplona. As count, Isarn founded a convent, Sant Pere de Burgal, at Burghals and made his daughter Ermengardis its first abbess in 945. At that date he signed a charter as "Domnus Isarnus comes et marchio dum resideret in Paliarensis regno": "Lord Isarn, count and margrave, while residing in the kingdom of Pallars." Isarn also had a son named William who either predeceased him (before 953) or succeeded him but died without descendents.

</doc>
<doc id="19602052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602052" title="Alastair Heron">
Alastair Heron

Alastair Heron (1915 – 17 March 2009) was a British psychologist and writer. A member of the Religious Society of Friends, or Quakers, he wrote several books on the movement.
Quaker works.
As a Quaker, Heron is a member of Balby Monthly Meeting, and attending Sheffield Central Meeting. In 1986 he spent nine weeks traveling in the ministry in Australia, and three years later did the same coast-to-coast in Canada. His first Quaker book, "Caring, conviction, commitment", was published in 1992. It resulted from the survey he carried out in Yorkshire to learn at first hand of the experiences of attenders from the time of their first entry into a Quaker meeting. In 1994, he published a small dictionary, "Quaker Speak", as one of his responses to the needs discovered in the Yorkshire survey. In 1996 his major work, "Quakers in Britain; a century of change", was the only book to mark the centenary of the Manchester Conference that had opened the way for what later became known as the 'liberal stage' in British Quaker history. Abstracted from it came "The British Quakers: 1647 to 1997", a (first modern) introduction to inform newcomers. In addition to two other books and an essay "The Future of British Quakers (2001)", his autobiography, "Only one life - a Quaker's voyage" was published in 1998.
Biography.
For thirty years Alastair Heron was research psychologist working mainly in the field of human development through the life span, and in cross-cultural studies.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s he was professor and head of department of psychology in the University of Melbourne, Australia. 
He and his wife Margaret reached their sixtieth wedding anniversary in November 2000, less than a year before her death at 88. 
His son and daughter live in England and the USA respectively, and Alastair was a great-grandfather.

</doc>
<doc id="19602075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602075" title="Philip Mack">
Philip Mack

Rear Admiral Philip John Mack DSO* (6 October 1892—29 April 1943) was an officer of the British Royal Navy.
Biography.
He was the eldest son of Major Philip Paston Mack (1854–1923) of the 12th Lancers, and Kate Lucy Pearce (1869–1955), of Paston Hall, Paston, Norfolk.
Mack joined the Navy on 15 September 1905, aged 13, as a naval cadet at the Osborne and Britannia Royal Naval Colleges. On 9 August 1910 he was posted to the battlecruiser as a midshipman, transferring to the cruiser on 15 July 1913, having been promoted to sub-lieutenant on 15 June.
Mack was promoted to lieutenant on 15 September 1914, and subsequently served during World War I aboard the torpedo-boat destroyer , the battleship , and the former collier , which had been requisitioned and refitted for use as a landing ship during the Gallipoli Campaign from April 1915, and from which Mack was eventually invalided home. From January to April 1917 he commanded the Q-ship "Result" (Q 23), a 122-ton three-masted steel-hulled topsail schooner, in which he engaged and damaged the U-boat on 15 February, and on 4 April engaged another U-boat near the Noord Hinder lightvessel off Vlissingen. "Result" was seriously damaged by gunfire from the submarine, and was eventually returned to her owners in August. Mack subsequently received a Mention in Despatches on 21 April 1917. He then commanded another Q-ship, the former cargo ship "Tay and Tyne", later the RFA "Industry".
Mack was promoted to lieutenant commander on 15 September 1922, and from late 1923 commanded the S-class destroyer "Tumult", and then from October 1923 until early 1925 the destroyer in the Mediterranean Fleet. From December 1925 until mid-1927 he was the executive officer of the heavy cruiser on the China Station, receiving promotion to commander on 30 June 1927. Between 9 April 1928 and 1 May 1930 he was the commander of the destroyer and a Divisional Commander in the 1st Destroyer Flotilla of the Mediterranean Fleet. From July 1930 he served on the staff of the Operations Division at the Admiralty, returning to sea in July 1932 to serve as executive officer of the battleship in the Home Fleet until promoted to the rank of captain on 31 December 1934. After completing the Senior Officers' War Course at the War College at Greenwich, he was appointed a naval attaché at Buenos Aires in December 1935, remaining there until November 1938.
World War II.
Mack returned to England and on 20 March 1939 was appointed Captain (D) of the 7th Destroyer Flotilla of the Home Fleet, in the destroyer . For brief period between April and June 1940 he commanded , while "Jervis" was under repair at the Swan Hunter yard in Newcastle, after a collision with the Swedish ship SS "Tor" near Longstone Lighthouse.
Mack then returned to "Jervis", to serve as Captain (D) of the 14th Destroyer Flotilla in the Mediterranean Fleet, and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order on 11 July 1940. After leading his flotilla in the Battle of the Tarigo Convoy on 16 April 1941 he received a bar to his DSO on 1 August 1941, and for his part in the Battle of Cape Matapan in late March 1941 he received a second Mention in Despatches on 3 February 1942. 
On 6 May 1942 he was appointed commander of the battleship , and was promoted to rear admiral on 12 January 1943. Rear-Admiral Mack was killed in an air crash on 29 April 1943 and is buried in St. Margaret Churchyard, Paston.
Personal life.
In 1930 he married Elizabeth Dawson, daughter of Cecil Percy Dawson, of Shanghai, China.
His younger brothers Commander Richard Herbert Mack OBE (1896–1967) and Commander Edward Mack DSO DSC (1909–1985) also served in the Royal Navy during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19602088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602088" title="Hobbs Island (Tasmania)">
Hobbs Island (Tasmania)

Hobbs Island, also known as Green Island, is an island with an area of 9.73 ha in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Trumpeter Islets Group, lying close to the southern end of the western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin (11,000 pairs), Short-tailed Shearwater (11,000 pairs), Pacific Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Pied Oystercatcher. The Rakali has been recorded from the island. The Tasmanian Tree Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19602140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602140" title="HYSTA">
HYSTA

HYSTA华源 (Hua Yuan Science and Technology Association) is a professional organization aimed at business leaders, professionals, entrepreneurs and students who wish to promote business, cultural exchange and to foster beneficial U.S. - China business relationships, and to facilitate networking and exchange of business ideas among successful Chinese entrepreneurs and executives in Silicon Valley and mainland China.
History.
HYSTA华源 was established in 1999 by a group of Chinese entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley. From humble beginning as foreign students with almost no assets or connections, they became prominent business leaders in the Silicon Valley. They created HYSTA with the hope to share their experiences and knowledge with young Chinese professionals entering the business world. HYSTA华源, in Chinese, means both Chinese origin and resources for the Chinese.
Organization.
Current leadership in HYSTA华源 from 2009-2010
HP Jin - President of HYSTA
Co-Founder, President and CEO, Telenav
Shoucheng Zhang - Vice President of HYSTA
Professor of Physics, Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Stanford University
Sr. adviser, Legend Holding
Lili Zheng - CFO of HYSTA
Partner, Deloitte
Jay Chen - Executive Director of HYSTA 2010
Leslie Yuen - Executive Director of HYSTA 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19602184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602184" title="Suren Markosyan">
Suren Markosyan

Suren Markosyan (, born September 17, 1984 in Garni, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian Freestyle wrestler. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's freestyle 66 kg division.

</doc>
<doc id="19602192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602192" title="Solitaire du Figaro">
Solitaire du Figaro

The Solitaire du Figaro, previously called the Course de l'Aurore, is a solo multi-stage sailing race created in 1970 by Jean-Louis Guillemard and Jean-Michel Barrault. The unique character of the race, the presence of great solo sailors and its being open to amateurs, has made it one of the most cherished races in French sailing.
History.
From 1970 to 1979 the race was organised by the newspaper "L'Aurore". In 1980 the daily newspaper "Le Figaro" bought out "L'Aurore" and became the principal sponsor of the event.
From 2003, the eyewear company Alain Afflelou was an associate sponsor. The official name of the race became "La Solitaire Afflelou Le Figaro". Since 2008, the motor manufacturer Suzuki replaced them, and the race became named "La Solitaire du Figaro Suzuki".
The characteristics of the race are:
Boats.
In early races, boats were all from the same series. Since 1980, the race used prototype half-tonners.
In 1991, the Solitaire du Figaro made the milestone of becoming a One-Design race. The race organisers chose the "Figaro Bénéteau" (now called "Figaro Bénéteau I") designed by Group Finot and Jean Berret.
Since 2003, a new design called "Figaro Bénéteau II" has been used, a modernised, more powerful version.
Results.
"All places are in France unless otherwise stated."
2003.
42 skippers started, 42 finished.
2004.
51 competitors.
52 skippers started, 52 finished.
2005.
46 skippers started, 42 finished.
2006.
Started 6 August 2006, with 44 competitors.
2007.
Started 29 July 2007, with 50 competitors.
After ten competitions, Michel Desjoyeaux was the third French sailor to win his third Figaro race, this one being marked by strong winds (as much as in the last two stages which crossed the Gulf of Gascogne.
Nicolas Lunven in "Bostik" finished first newcomer in 14th place.
2008.
Started 25 July 2008, with 50 competitors.
François Gabart in "Espoir Région Bretagne" finished first newcomer in 16th place.
Nicolas Troussel won a race marked by a windless first stage in which he "" ("killed the race", leading to the neologism "Do a Troussel", in ) by arriving six hours ahead. It was his second victory in the race.
2009.
Started 30 July 2009 for the 40th race, with 52 competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19602197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602197" title="Audrey McElmury">
Audrey McElmury

Audrey McElmury (b. Audrey Phleger, January 24, 1943 Northampton, Massachusetts, USA, died March 26, 2013 Bozeman, Montana, USA) was the first American to win the world road cycling championship. She won in Brno, Czechoslovakia in 1969, having fallen and remounted her bike. Hers was the United States' first world cycling championship since Frank Kramer won the professional sprint race in 1912 and the first ever in road cycling.
Background.
Audrey McElmury grew up in La Jolla, California, where her first sport was horse jumping, followed by surfing. She began cycling after breaking her leg after falling from a skate board in 1960. She won the Californian cycling championship in 1964, riding on velodromes because there was no other racing for women. She trained with men on the road, getting up at 4.30am for the first of two daily rides. She said the regime ended her marriage.
She won the national pursuit title and the first national road championship in 1966.
Cycling career.
McElmury rode the world championship in Rome in 1968 and finished fifth in a race that ended in a sprint. She was picked again for the championship in Czechoslovakia the following year. The American cycling federation did not have the money to pay all the fares for the three women. It cost her $10,000 with fares, lodging and meals. Writers Alice Kovler and James McCullagh said: "The argument against funding women was based essentially on the fact that there were so few of them competing, and the dues paid by these the national federation amounted to very little.
The races were held on the anniversary of the Soviet Union's occupation of the country after the Prague Spring. The cycling historian Peter Nye wrote:
Tanks were everywhere, up and down every street, and soldiers were armed with machine guns. The Czechs were anti-communist and pro-American.; they cheered the U.S. riders wildly in the races and booed the Russians. When the Russians won, the Czechs even walked out of the medal ceremonies.
McElmury rode both track and road. She came seventh in the 3,000m pursuit race, then later rode the 62 km road race. She said:
McElmury regained the field on the last lap and then went clear again on the hill. She finished 1m 10s ahead of a British rider, Bernadette Swinnerton. Her victory was so unexpected that the award ceremony was delayed half an hour while officials searched for a recording of the American national anthem. 
When McElmury returned to the USA, a local television reporter wanted to know less about her world championship than the anniversary of the Russian invasion. Other coverage was also scant. In France, "Miroir du Cyclisme" predicted a rise in the prominence of American women cyclists with a cartoon that changed the graffiti "US go home!" to "US go "femme"!"
James McCullagh wrote:
Not surprisingly, she received more attention in Europe than she did in America. Europeans understood and appreciated her ride. Accordingly, she was immediately engaged by the Italian team, to ride for them and eventually coach them. Returning to this country , McElmury still found it difficult to obtain travel expenses even though she was a strong enough rider to hold her own on the criterium circuit with the best American men, usually finishing in the top ten.
In 1969 she won the national omnium championship, in 1970 the pursuit and road championships. She set the national hour record, 24.8 miles at the Encino velodrome in California and held it from 1969 to 1990. McElmury retired from cycling after a crash in 1974 and took up running. She and husband Michael Levonas continued to coach cyclists and triathletes in San Diego until they left the area, retiring in West Yellowstone, Montana.
Personal life.
McElmury married two cyclists, first Scott McElmury whom she met in 1958, when she was 15, and, in 1971, former Pan Am team member and multiple title champion Michael Levonas. She obtained a degree in zoology from the University of California in San Diego and had a son, Ian, born in 1967. 
Toward the end of her cycling career, McElmury and Levonas obtained business degrees at the University of Denver in hotel and restaurant management, Audrey graduating number one in her class. The two then traveled through western states, Colorado, California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho and Montana, working in the food service industry. They retired in 1996 to West Yellowstone, Montana. They wrote a book, "Bicycle Training for Triathletes *and Others" based on their coaching. Audrey is featured in a chapter devoted to her in the track cycling reference "NO BRAKES! Bicycle Track Racing in the United States" published in 1996. 
McElmury was inducted into the United States Bicycling Hall of Fame in 1989. Her World Champion 1969 Berry bicycle is presently on loan to the Hall of Champions in San Diego, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="19602200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602200" title="Yang Chun-Song">
Yang Chun-Song

Yang Chun-Song (born on March 18, 1984) is a male freestyle wrestler from North Korea. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated in the 1/8 of final losing with Albert Batyrov.

</doc>
<doc id="19602208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602208" title="Lightning (DC Comics)">
Lightning (DC Comics)

Lightning (Jennifer Pierce) is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics. A member of the Justice Society of America, she is the youngest daughter of Black Lightning and sister of the heroine Thunder. The current version of Lightning debuted in "Justice Society of America" vol. 3 #12 (March 2008), and was re-envisioned by Geoff Johns and Dale Eaglesham.
Publication history.
Lightning first appears in the DC Comics miniseries "Kingdom Come" by Mark Waid and Alex Ross, a tale of a dystopian possible future. She is among the lawless generation of superheroes who arise after the retirement of Superman. Though not identified within the story, supplemental material in the collected edition of the series refers to her as "Black Lightning's metahuman daughter." During the course of the story, Lightning joins forces with Batman's covert team of heroes as they attempt to reclaim the planet for normal humanity. It is unclear whether she survives the bomb blast that kills most of the superhumans at the story's conclusion.
A version of Lightning is later introduced into the mainstream DC Comics universe by Geoff Johns and Dale Eaglesham, debuting in "Justice Society of America" (vol. 3) #12 (March 2008).
Fictional character biography.
Jennifer Pierce is the youngest daughter of the superhero Black Lightning (Jefferson Pierce) and his ex-wife Lynn Stewart. She inherits a metagene from her father which causes her to manifest superpowers when she becomes a teenager. However like her father in his youth, she lacks the ability to properly control her electrical powers. This results in the shorting out of any electronic device that she touches. This side effect has left her feeling alienated and freakish among her peers, who have access to cell phones, televisions, the internet, and other conveniences of the modern world.
Jefferson initially forbids his daughters from following in his footsteps as a costumed hero until after they complete their education. After seeing the rough road that his eldest daughter Anissa follows when she disobeys this order as the heroine Thunder, Jefferson decides that Jennifer will need guidance. He contacts the Justice Society of America, who are in the middle of a recruitment drive.
Upon joining the Justice Society, Jennifer immediately forms a bond with fellow teen heroines Stargirl and Cyclone. She also attracts the romantic interests of Jakeem Thunder, another younger member of the team. Jennifer is at first unsure of a superhero codename, believing that her sister will "kill her" if she adopts the name Lightning as a counterpoint to Anissa's own. Nonetheless, this is the name she eventually settles on when she first goes into battle with the JSA.
Blackest Night/Brightest Day.
During the events of "Blackest Night", Jennifer is seen desperately trying to fight off the Black Lantern invasion of Manhattan alongside her teammates. Jennifer and Stargirl try to help Power Girl during her battle with the Black Lantern Kal-L, but the young heroines are easily defeated. Mr. Terrific ends up utilizing Lightning's electrical abilities as part of a massive bomb designed to mimic Jakeem's abilities, which ultimately destroys all of the Black Lanterns in New York City.
In the follow-up "Brightest Day" event, Lightning is shown on the cover of the upcoming JLA/JSA crossover, battling a crazed Alan Scott alongside her teammates and the Justice League of America. Writer James Robinson mentioned that he specifically wants to use Jennifer, and that he considers her "a very underused, but great character".
She later appears alongside fellow teen superheroines Stargirl, Supergirl, and Batgirl, as part of a team of heroines created by Wonder Woman to repel an alien invasion of Washington D.C.
Lightning later plays a key role during the team's first encounter with the new villain Scythe, using her electrical abilities to help defeat him. When the JSA chooses to stay and help rebuild the city of Monument Point (which had suffered massive amounts of damage during the battle with Scythe), Lightning is attacked and nearly killed by a villain named Doctor Chaos., but she is eventually revived by Doctor Fate. Chaos had been hired to evict all heroes from Monument Point. 
When the members of the JSA arrive at the home of Anissa Pierce and her girlfriend Grace in an attempt to arrest the fugitive Black Lightning, Lightning sides with her teammates and engages in a brawl with her sister. It is revealed that there is apparently some friction between the two siblings, with Anissa stating that Jennifer was always considered the favorite while also expressing jealousy over Jennifer being allowed to pursue heroics at such a young age. Doctor Fate eventually breaks up the fight, and Black Lightning turns himself over to the authorities.
Powers and abilities.
Like her father, Lightning possesses the power of electricity manipulation. She is able to generate electrical energy and project it as concentrated bolts from her hands. Lightning is also able to fly by generating a localized electromagnetic repulsion field. When manifesting her powers, Jennifer's body is surrounded by a glowing electrical aura with lightning-like spikes on her head and back. This effect is involuntary, though she has demonstrated the ability to revert to a more human appearance.
Still a young inexperienced heroine, Lightning does not have full control of her powers and will short out any electronic device or appliance she touches. It is unknown at this time if further training and refinement of her powers will result in any other abilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19602212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602212" title="Francesco Piccinino">
Francesco Piccinino

Francesco Piccinino (c. 1407 – 16 October 1449) was an Italian condottiero.
He was the adoptive son of the condottiero Niccolò Piccinino and the brother of Jacopo Piccinino. At Niccolò's death (1444), he had been already established as a gallant warrior under the Duchy of Milan and the Papal States (1431). In 1436 he was serving the Aragonese Kings of Naples, taking part in the 1437 siege of Cerreto Umbra against Francesco Sforza but, after some successes, he left to besiege Assisi and then Pergola.
In 1440 he was in the Battle of Anghiari, where Niccolò was badly defeated, and on 19 August 1444 he was again defeated by the Sforza's forces at Montolmo and taken prisoner, while Jacopo was able to escape.
In 1446 Piccinino fought against Micheletto Attendolo near Cremona; Scaramuccia da Forlì, sent by the Venetian government, freeing Cremona by the troops of Piccinino and Luigi dal Verme, paid by Filippo Maria Visconti. On 28 September the same year Piccinino suffered first a defeat at Casalmaggiore and, in 1447, a more serious one at Monte Brianza.
Despite this setbacks, he managed to gain a contract under the newly formed Republic of Milan, together with Jacopo, in order to thwart Sforza's aims to the city. He however fell ill of edema and died in 1449. Six years before he had married Camilla da Montone, daughter of the condottiero Braccio da Montone.

</doc>
<doc id="19602227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602227" title="TSV Rain am Lech">
TSV Rain am Lech

The TSV Rain am Lech is a German association football club from the town of Rain am Lech, Bavaria.
History.
The club was formed in 1896 under the name TV Rain am Lech as a gymnastics club. A football department was however not formed, instead, the FC Rain am Lech came into being on 31 August 1920 and took up the sport.
While the two clubs existed independently for many years, in 1941 a forced merger formed the TSG Rain am Lech. The worsening war situation had made this step necessary but activities were severely limited in the coming years.
With the end of the Second World War, this forced merger ended and both clubs became independent again. The "FC" soon reestablished itself but the "TV" was struggling to do so due to a high number of loses of its members during the war. In the spring of 1946, the two clubs decided to merge once more, this time by free choice and the TSV Rain am Lech was formed. The new club retained the old colors of the "TV", red and white. A new club constitution was drafted on 30 April 1946 and the US occupation authorities sanctioned the new club on 6 May 1946. By the end of June 1946, the new club had already 180 members. While the club offered a number of sports, football was virtually the only one played on competitive level.
In the year 1987, the club celebrated a new record in membership, having reached a 1000 members.
Football.
The FC Rain entered the "2nd Kreisklasse Schwaben Nord" after its formation in 1920, a league it performed rather well in the coming seasons. After its third title in this league in 1929–30, it finally earned promotion to the "1st Kreisklasse", where it spent two seasons before being relegated again. The club once more archived promotion in 1937 but this time only lasted for one year in the higher level. Despite winning the title and promotion again in 1938–39 the FC Rain chose to withdraw from the league due to the outbreak of the war.
The club continued in 1945 where it finished six years earlier, earning good results in the "2nd Kreisliga". Under the new name of TSV Rain, this trend continued.
In 1949, the "2nd Kreisliga" was renamed "B-Klasse" and the club belonged to this league for two seasons until winning promotion in 1951 to the now "A-Klasse Nordschwaben". The "TSV" remained in this league until 1962 with the exception of 1953–54, when one season was spent in the level below.
In 1962, a "A-Klassen" championship earned them promotion to the "Bezirksliga" for the first time and the team held this league, the "Bezirksliga Schwaben" (V) until 1967. From 1967 to 1974, they played in the "A-Klasse" once more. Another title in this league in 1973–74 meant a return to the now regionalised "Bezirksliga Schwaben-Nord". In this league, the TSV Rain finished on top in its first season and earned promotion for the first time to the "Landesliga Bayern-Süd" (IV). The "Landesliga" proved to be a much harder place to succeed in and the team was immediately relegated.
After five "Bezirksliga" years and a championship in 1981, the club returned once more to the "Landesliga", with the same result as before, relegation after one season. After a respectable 5th place in the "Bezirksliga" in 1983, the following season the team was relegated back to the "A-Klasse". "TSV" returned to the "Bezirksliga" for 1986–87 but could not maintain this level and experienced a sharp decline, falling down to the "B-Klasse" in 1988. It recovered quickly with a "B-Klasse" championship in 1988–89.
The clubs rise to greater success came in 1994, when, after five seasons in the "A-Klasse", promotion to the "Bezirksliga" was archived. The club marched straight on to the "Bezirksoberliga Schwaben" in 1995, a relatively new league established in 1989. In its second season there, it earned promotion back to the "Landesliga" for a third time.
Now much stronger than in its two previous attempts, the team held the class and established itself in the top-half of this league. In the next eleven seasons, three third places in 2005, 2007, and 2008 were the highlights. 
The "TSV" won the Schwaben Cup for its first time in 2000. This qualified the team for the Bavarian Cup, where it finished runner-up. This in turn meant, the club could play in the DFB Cup 2000-01, where it was paired with the later winner, FC Schalke 04. A 0–7 home defeat for the then fifth division club against a Bundesliga team was a highlight in the history for the small amateur side.
Due to changes in the German league system in 2008, the third place qualified the club to take part in a promotion round for the Oberliga Bayern, something usually reserved for the second-placed team. Rain succeeded in this, earning for the first time promotion to Bavarias highest football league, beating the 1. FC Schweinfurt 05 3–0 after extra time to do so.
Like in its past experiences when earning promotion to a higher league for the first time, the club found it a hard level to play at and success was much harder to come by. The club had to continue its fight for "Bayernliga" survival in the post-season, having finished on equal points with Würzburger FV (14th) and SV Seligenporten (15th) and therefore required a set of deciders to be played, which it won.
At the end of the 2011–12 season the club managed to finish in the top nine of the Bayernliga and thereby directly qualified for the new tier four Regionalliga Bayern.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Stadium.
The Georg-Weber-Stadion is named after Georg Weber, a former club chairman and the founder of Dehner, a local company which sponsors the club. It holds approximately 2,700 spectators. 
The stadium is used for relegation and promotion games as well, which have to be held on neutral grounds. In 2007, it also hosted the Schwaben Cup final between TSV 1861 Nördlingen and FC Augsburg II.
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
DFB Cup appearances.
The club has qualified for the first round of the German Cup only once:

</doc>
<doc id="19602234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602234" title="2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup – First Round">
2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup – First Round

The 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup – First Round took place from 30 September to 9 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19602259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602259" title="Lev Vladimirsky">
Lev Vladimirsky

Lev Anatolevich Vladimirsky (27 September 1903, Guryev7 September 1973, Moscow), was a Soviet naval officer and an Admiral (1954). 
He joined the Red Army as a volunteer during the Russian Civil War and fought against Islamic insurgents in Turkestan, later volunteering for service in the navy from 1921.
Vladimirsky graduated from the M. V. Frunze Naval school (1925), and studied at the special courses for commanding officers (1927), and the Military Academy of General Staff (1952). 
Vladimirsky served aboard the Black and Azov seas ships as a navigator, watch chief, artilleryman, and senior deputy commander of a destroyer. From 1932 he commanded a destroyer escort, destroyer, destroyer leader, and from 1937, serving as chief of staff of the brigade of cruisers, and operations officer of a cruiser brigade. Early in 1938 he served on the French transport "Bonifacio" to supply arms and ammunition to the Spanish communists in the last stages of the Spanish Civil War, and later in 1938 Vladimirsky headed a detachment of hydrographic vessels, which accomplished a passage from the Baltic Sea to the Pacific Ocean. 
After being the officer accepting delivery of the first Tashkent class destroyer, from June 1939 Vladimirsky was commanding a squadron of the Black Sea Fleet, which from the beginning of the Second World War participated in the fighting during the defence of Odessa and Sevastopol. In September 1941 he led an amphibious landing in Grigorevki region. From May 1943 Vladimirsky commanded the Black Sea Fleet, leading naval forces in the Novorossiysk (1943) and Kerch-Eltigen (1943) landing operations. 
In May 1944 Vladimirsky was appointed squadron commander in the Baltic Fleet. He assumed command during participation in Vyborg operation of 1944. 
In 1947 Vladimirsky was appointed Admiral-Inspector of the Main Inspection of Armed Forces, and later served as the Chief for the administration for naval educational institutions, Deputy Chief Inspector of Armed Forces for Military Naval Forces (VMF). From 1952 he was Chief for the Chief Directorate of Navy Military Training, and from April 1953, Chief for the administration of combat training VMF, becoming the Deputy Glavkom VMF on ship building in March 1955. 
In 1956-59 Vladimirsky is the Chairman of naval scientific and technical committee.
From 1959 Vladimirsky predominantly worked in scientific and pedagogical roles, notably as Deputy Chief of the Naval Academy (1962–67), and the professor-consultant of the academy (1967–70). Starting on the 15 October 1968 he headed several complex Soviet oceanographic expeditions; in 1968 - round-the-world expedition on the oceanographic vessel "Polus" (Pole). 
Vladimirsky retired in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19602269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602269" title="Sam Trammell">
Sam Trammell

Sam Trammell (born January 29, 1969) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Sam Merlotte on the HBO vampire series "True Blood", which saw him nominated for a 2010 Scream Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Personal life.
Trammell was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He graduated from George Washington High School in Charleston, West Virginia. He furthered his studies at Brown University and the University of Paris. He and girlfriend, Missy Yager, have twin boys, Winston and Gus, who were born on August 9, 2011.
Career.
Trammell has worked in theater, Broadway, Off-Broadway, film, and television. He is an accomplished New York stage actor whose credits include a Tony nominated performance in "Ah, Wilderness!" at Lincoln Center. Off-Broadway, he starred in "Dealer's Choice", "My Night with Reg", "If Memory Serves", and "Ancestral Voices", as well as in "Kit Marlowe" at the Joseph Papp Public Theater, where he received outstanding reviews.
Trammell's big break came when he landed the role of Sam Merlotte on the HBO series "True Blood". In 2013, Trammell was cast to play the father, Mr. Lancaster, in the upcoming film "The Fault in Our Stars", based on the book by John Green, starring Shailene Woodley.

</doc>
<doc id="19602298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602298" title="Elisha Carter">
Elisha Carter

Elisha Carter (born 6 October 1969) is a British chef who appeared in the BBC television series Great British Menu in 2008. He is Head Chef at the "The Landau" restaurant located in The Langham, London.
Biography.
Carter was born in North London, and got his love of food from his mother. He went to Pimlico School where he studied Home Economics at GCE O-Level and for a Certificate of Pre-Vocational Education (CPVE) in Hospitality. As part of his CPVE studies, he went on a work experience placement for two weeks to Shell House to work in the directors' private dining room, which prompted him to decide to be a chef. 
Carter started his career with a two-year apprenticeship at the Ritz Hotel. He then became a commis chef at the Gleneagles Hotel in Scotland where he stayed for over a year, and in 1992, he went to work at John Burton Race's two-Michelin-starred restaurant "L'Ortolan" in Reading, Berkshire. Burton Race sent him to train with Raymond Blanc at his two-Michelin-starred restaurant "Le Manoir aux Quat' Saisons" in Oxfordshire and at "Ledoyen" in Paris. In 1997, Carter returned to London to work at "Leith's" restaurant and then for Richard Corrigan at "Lyndsay House", Soho, and at the "Foliage" restaurant at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. He came to prominence as head chef at "Lola's" in Islington in 2003, where his signature dish was "Duck Three Ways", a boned duck separated into three parts, with each cooked in a different way. He later became the head chef at the "Silk" restaurant at the Courthouse Hotel Kempinski in Great Marlborough Street, and then head chef at the "Sharpham Park" restaurant at Charlton House hotel in Somerset. He was awarded the "Somerset Life" Chef of the year 2007 and awarded the Silver Medal for Bath chef of the year 2007. In September 2008 he moved to "The Landau’s" kitchens and in October 2009 became Head Chef.
Giles Coren, restaurant critic of The Times, described him in 2005 as being "...a young chef of mercurial genius...". Carter featured on the BBC television programme "Indian Food Made Easy", and appeared in the BBC television series "Great British Menu" in 2008, where he lost to Chris Horridge, head chef at The Bath Priory hotel, in the South West region final.

</doc>
<doc id="19602301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602301" title="Esino">
Esino

The Esino is a river of c. 85 km in the Marche, central Italy. Its name could derive from the Latina "Aesis", the ancient city of Iesi (or vice versa).
Path.
The river stems from the Monte Cafaggio, in the province of Macerata, at c. 1,000 m, and first flows through the "comuni" of Esanatoglia, Matelica and Cerreto d'Esi, and then flows into the province of Ancona. Subsequently it receives the waters of the Giano and, in the so-called "Gola della Rossa" ("Canyon of the Red"), of the Sentino. After running at slower speed through Serra San Quirico, Maiolati Spontini, Castelplanio and Cupramontana, the Esino reaches Iesi and Chiaravalle, flowing into the Adriatic Sea at Falconara Marittima.
Esino DOC.
Since 1995, the area around the Esino has been permitted to produce red and white Italian DOC wines. Grapes are limited to a harvest yield of 12 tonnes/ha with the finished wines requiring a minimum alcohol level of 10.5%. Reds are a minimum 60% of Montepulciano and/or Sangiovese with other local grape varieties permitted to fill out of the rest. Whites are predominantly composed of Verdicchio (50-100%) with other local varieties permitted to fill out the rest.

</doc>
<doc id="19602324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602324" title="Network encryption cracking">
Network encryption cracking

Network encryption cracking is the breaching of network encryptions (e.g., WEP, WPA, ...), usually through the use of a special encryption cracking software. It may be done through a range of attacks (active and passive) including injecting traffic, decrypting traffic, and dictionary-based attacks.
Methods.
As mentioned above, several types of attacks are possible. More precisely they are:
Injecting traffic.
Injecting traffic means inserting forged encrypted messages into the network. It may be done if either the key is known (to generate new messages), or if the key is not known and only an encrypted message and plaintext message is gathered, through comparison of the two. Programs able to do the latter are Aireplay and WepWedgie.
Decrypting.
Decryption often requires 2 tools; 1 for gathering packets and another for analysing the packet and determining the key. Gathering packets may be done through tools as WireShark, Prismdump and cracking may be done through tools such as WEPCrack, AirSnort, AirCrack, and WEPLab.
When gathering packets, often a great amount of them are required to perform cracking. Depending on the attack used, 5-16 million frames may be required. The attack command itself, however, is surprisingly simple.
WEPCrack.
Commands to be inputted into WEPCrack are:
perl \progra~1\wepcrack\pcap-getIV.pl
This command generates a log-file (ivfile.log) from a captured packet obtained by WireShark or prismdump A packet with at least 5 million frames is required.
perl \progra~1\wepcrack\wepcrack\.pl ivfile.log
This command asks WEPCrack to determine the key from the log file.
AirCrack.
Aircrack is another program that's even simpler to use, as no command need to be entered; instead the user is asked to type in some parameters and click some buttons.
First airodump is started to gather the packets; herefore channel and MAC-filter are asked, yet the user does not need to know them per se (instead 0 and p may be inputted respectively). Then, AirCrack is started, the file just created by airodump is accessed, a 0 needs to be entered and the program determines the key.
AirSnort.
AirSnort is an even simpler program, as it is completely interface-based. As the attack is only a simple brute-force attack however, cracking the encryption can take a while (from several days to a few weeks). Especially if traffic is low (only 4 users or so on network, the cracking will take at least 2 weeks).
Comparison of tools.
A comparison of the tools noted above may be found at Security Focus.

</doc>
<doc id="19602332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602332" title="Don't Call This Love">
Don't Call This Love

"Don't Call This Love" is a song by the Scottish singer Leon Jackson, released on October 12, 2008, on CD and as a digital download. The song is taken from his first album, "Right Now", and is his second single release after his Christmas number one song "When You Believe" in 2007. The song also appears on the European pop singer Stefanie Heinzmann's first album, "Masterplan".
The single gave Jackson his second UK Top 5 single on the UK Singles Charts, charting at number three in the United Kingdom and also charting within the Irish Singles Charts top ten. On the European Hot 100 charts, it charted at number ten, giving Jackson his second Europe top ten single.
Promotion and reception.
On October 11, 2008, "Don't Call This Love" was put on the A-List at BBC Radio 2. Jackson appeared on "The X Factor" to perform the single, the day before it was released for download. He also performed it live on GMTV.
Music video.
The music video shows Jackson walking around a street watching some girls and later singing on a stage in a bar. He hangs around with some girls, one main girl being his main love interest. He then sings about how she cannot deceive him any longer.

</doc>
<doc id="19602374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602374" title="Shotgun (Junior Walker &amp; the All Stars song)">
Shotgun (Junior Walker &amp; the All Stars song)

"Shotgun" is a 1965 single by Junior Walker & the All Stars, which was written and composed by Walker and produced by Berry Gordy Jr. and Lawrence Horn. It reached number one on the U.S. R&B Singles chart for four non-consecutive weeks and peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100. Guitarist Jimi Hendrix performed the song live with the All Stars.
"Shotgun" uses only one chord throughout the entire song -- A-flat seventh. Other songs featuring this same structure (or non-structure) are "Chain of Fools" and "Land of 1000 Dances."
"Shotgun" in film.
It was used in Martin Scorsese's debut feature film, "Who's That Knocking At My Door?" (1967).
The song has been used in the films "Misery" (1990), "Malcolm X" (1992), and "How Stella Got Her Groove Back" (1998).
The song was also used as the theme song for "Ain't Nothin' But a Woman". A sketch-comedy segment previously featured on "BET's ComicView"
It was likewise referenced in "Sister Act 2" during the opening number, "The Greatest Medley Ever Told."
The song was performed by Public Enemies in the Norwegian film "Hurra for Andersens" in 1966. Public Enemies brought "Shotgun" to the seventh position on the Radio Luxembourg's Top 20 Chart.
Cover versions.
In 1965, The Wailers recorded a version of the song with slightly modified lyrics as a ska song.
In 1969, Vanilla Fudge made a heavy psychedelic version of the song for their album "Near the Beggining"
In 1988, Vanity with Kareem and Dave Koz recorded a version that appeared on the soundtrack for Action Jackson
In 2001, saxophonist Richard Elliot recorded an instrumental version for his album "Crush".
Yo La Tengo cover was released on their Yo La Tengo Is Murdering the Classics album of 2006.
In 1965 Sam The Sham and the Pharaohs also covered the song on their Wooly Bully album.
Also in 1965, The Kingsmen released a version on "The Kingsmen On Campus" album.

</doc>
<doc id="19602411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602411" title="Albert Batyrov">
Albert Batyrov

Albert Batyrov (born on November 2, 1981 in Vladikavkaz) is a male freestyle wrestler from Belarus. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In the 1/8 of final he beat North Korean Yang Chun-Song then in 1/4 of final he lost with Ukrainian Andriy Stadnik. In repechage round he lost with Sushil Kumar from India and was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19602443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602443" title="Gary H. Mason">
Gary H. Mason

Gary H. Mason, also known as Big Daddy G., is a music producer, promoter and music video director.
Biography.
Career.
Mason co-produced the Vina Del Mar Festival beginning in 1979 for 10 years. In 1989, he produced the first major international reggaeton hit, "Meneaito", and directed the music video. Since then, he has produced and directed dozens of music videos which have been seen by millions of people worldwide. His Meneaito Video has currently been seen by over 6.5 million people on YouTube.
Some of the Artists that Mason has toured, promoted and/or produced include Donna Summer, Ray Conniff, War, Peter Frampton, Jose Feliciano, Matt Monro, Shirley Bassey, Air Supply, Anita Ward, Sister Sledge, Jerry Lewis, Paul Michael Glaser, David Soul, Roberta Flack, Maurice Jarre, Krokus, Nazareth, Gaby, Jam & Suppose, Renato, Gloria Gaynor, Modern Talking, Los Diablos, Santana, Kathy, and Reggae Sam, to name a few. Mason recently completed a new version of "It's Tricky" featuring Rev. Run and Kathy Phillips.
Mason is currently senior vice president of SEI Corp. and established Fuerte Suerte Music (BMI), Big Daddy G. Music (ASCAP) and Ragga Force Music.
Awards.
Among his many awards, He is the recipient of both a Billboard Music video Award nomination as Best Director and Best New Artist productions. He has been involved in productions that have garnered 5 Grammy Nominations and a Grammy. 

</doc>
<doc id="19602444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602444" title="Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom">
Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom

Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom is a public university in Radom. It was the biggest university of the former Radom Voivodeship. The university was established in 1950 sa a School of Engineering of General Technical Organization. For more than 50 years its name was often changed. The University of Technology and Humanities in Radom comprises 8 faculties, 4 of which are of technical profile: Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Faculty of Transport and Electrical Engineering, Faculty of Materials Science, Technology and Design, and Faculty of Computer Science and Mathematics, whereas Faculty of Art, Faculty of Economics, Faculty of Philology and Pedagogics, and Faculty of Health Sciences and Physical Culture represent the Humanities. Students may choose from 27 degree courses (27 undergraduate and 12 graduate) and more than 100 specializations (majors). Many of them are unique in Poland. The University also provides 6 doctoral programmes (economics, fine arts, transport, electrical engineering, mechanics and mechanical engineering and machine building ). The ECTS system is fully implemented and used in each Faculty. Thus, students of the University have the possibility to study abroad at different European universities within the 3 Erasmus Programme. The study period at a foreign university is fully recognized at the Technical University of Radom. The University also accept foreign students within the Erasmus Programme, too. Students can join students organizations, self-government, any of 36 student scientific associations, sports clubs and the horse-riding club.

</doc>
<doc id="19602449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602449" title="Freddy Söderberg">
Freddy Söderberg

Freddy Söderberg (born 11 July 1984) is a Swedish football striker who currently plays for Östers IF in Växjö.
After a hard start in "Bajen" he finally scored two goals in a homegame versus Ljungskile SK on the 3:rd August 2008. The game ended 2-2. Söderberg scored the 2-2 goal for Hammarby in the games last minute.
Söderbergs contract is ended after the 2010 season.
In 2011 he signed with his former club Östers IF and after his return to Öster he scored ten goals in his first season back.

</doc>
<doc id="19602459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602459" title="Flying Blind, Flying Safe">
Flying Blind, Flying Safe

Flying Blind, Flying Safe is a non-fiction book about the American airline industry and Federal Aviation Administration, written by Mary Schiavo with Sabra Chartrand. The book was first published in March 1997 in hardcover format by Avon Books. An updated paperback edition was published on April 1, 1998. Schiavo is a former Inspector General of the United States Department of Transportation, and Chartrand a journalist for "The New York Times". Schiavo was Inspector General of the United States Department of Transportation for six years, and resigned in 1996 shortly after the ValuJet Flight 592 airline crash in the Florida Everglades. She became a whistleblower and was highly critical of the airline industry and its relationship with aviation safety agencies in the United States federal government.
The book is structured into two sections. The first portion of the book is critical of the aviation industry and the U.S. government agencies tasked with inspecting it. The second portion of the book addresses consumers and potential airline passengers. The book became successful shortly after publication. It reached number 10 on the "New York Times" Best Seller list and number 9 on a "Chicago Tribune" list of bestsellers in early April 1997. Most reviews of the book in media publications were positive. Some individuals within the airline industry claimed the book contained factual inaccuracies, and this was investigated as part of a class project at George Washington University.
Authors.
Mary Schiavo was raised in Williams County, Ohio, and received her pilot's license while studying in her first two years of college at Ohio State University (OSU). She obtained a bachelor's degree from Harvard University, and a master's degree in public administration from OSU. She has a law degree from New York University, and has worked as a federal prosecutor. Schiavo served as Inspector General of the United States Department of Transportation from 1990 to July 1996.
Schiavo resigned from her position at the U.S. Department of Transportation in order to blow the whistle on what she saw as deficiencies in safety practices by the federal government's oversight of the airline industry. She was publicly critical of high-ranking U.S. aviation officials regarding the ValuJet Flight 592 passenger jet crash in the Florida Everglades which resulted in the deaths of all 110 people aboard. Schiavo appeared on ABC's "Nightline" program the night after the crash and was highly critical of FAA safety inspections methods. After resigning her position as Inspector General Schiavo taught courses at Ohio State University, and in April 1997 she joined the staff of Ohio State University in the position of Enarson Executive-in-Residence.
Co-writer Sabra Chartrand graduated from the University of Washington, and reported for Reuters and Israel Radio in Tel Aviv, Israel. She later joined "The New York Times" as a journalist with their Jerusalem bureau. After "Flying Blind, Flying Safe", she co-wrote "Black And White on Wall Street, The Untold Story of the Man Wrongly Accused of Bringing Down Kidder Peabody" with former Kidder, Peabody & Co. bond trader Joseph Jett.
Contents.
The first portion of the book is a critique of deficiencies in safety practices by the Federal Aviation Administration and United States Department of Transportation, and the inherent problems with the closeness between these agencies and the airline industry. The book is an expose of what Schiavo saw as fraud, corruption, waste, mismanagement, and dangerous negligence in the aviation industry and the FAA as a crusader for flight safety. Her primary criticisms in the book focus on the FAA's reluctance to address its many shortcomings, while expressing her concern that there was a fundamental conflict of interest between the FAA job of oversight and the FAA job of promoting aviation.
Schiavo describes how the FAA uses a formula ascribing specific monetary value to human lives, and how the agency allows numbers to decide whether the cost of extra safety is worth the additional expense. For example, if equipping an airline fleet with smoke detectors would cost $100 million, but would only save 10 lives each worth $1 million, then the expense is ruled out. Schiavo is similarly critical of the internal FAA politics and the FAA's administrators.
The last 145 pages of the book is addressed to passengers, to help them determine which airlines have good safety records and how to better ensure safe travel while flying. Schiavo discusses the average ages of certain airline fleets, reveals the accident rates of the major airline carriers, safety ratings at national airlines, bomb detection rates at U.S. airports, and provides a list of airports where power failures have affected the effectiveness of control towers. She concludes with a list of recommendations for how individuals can effect change at government agencies including the FAA, and how to address concerns of conflict of interest between air safety and inspection and the airline industry.
Reception.
"Flying Blind, Flying Safe" reached number 10 on the New York Times Best Seller list on April 6, 1997, and remained on the list through June 1997. On April 13, 1997 the book was ranked 9th on the "Chicago Tribune" list of bestsellers for hardback non-fiction.
Christina Del Valle reviewed the book for "BusinessWeek", and wrote: "Flying Blind, Flying Safe is an incisive primer on what ails the aviation industry and the feds' regulation of it". A subsequent article in "BusinessWeek" highlighted the book among "The Best Business Books of 1997". In a review in "The Washington Post", Judy Mann called the book "a scathing -- and frightening -- indictment of the FAA, the multibillion-dollar airline industry and its lapdogs in Congress". James T. Yenckel of "The Washington Post" called the book "frightening" and "informative", and wrote that "passengers should have this kind of safety information when choosing a flight." In a review for "The Virginian-Pilot", Michael Anft wrote: "She may be to the airplane what Ralph Nader was to the automobile." Bill Wallace gave the book a favorable review in the "San Francisco Chronicle", and wrote: "Part memoir, part expose, her book gives an inside view of how the FAA does its job of regulating air travel -- and how it frequently fails." R.J. Ignelzi gave the book a positive recommendation in a review for "The San Diego Union-Tribune", and commented: "Mary Schiavo's candid evaluation of the Federal Aviation Administration, airport security and air traffic controllers will give even the occasional flier some apprehension. Still, it should be read."
Carl Marbach of "AVweb" wrote positively of the first portion of the book, but was critical of the latter half: "On the whole, the book has some worthwhile sections notwithstanding the soap opera ramblings at the end. Read the first half, then pass it along to another pilot-friend." John Clark of "The Plain Dealer" gave the book a positive review, but was also critical of the instructive section at the end of the book: "Narratively, the book breaks down when Schiavo resorts to lists and tables to provide information to help the reader fly more safely." Robert W. Poole Jr. reviewed the book for "Reason", and called it "valuable and frustrating". Poole noted "Only an outsider-insider like Schiavo could provide ordinary people with authentic accounts of how badly off-track the FAA has gotten in its job of looking after aviation safety," but commented that some aviation veterans regarded her as a "loose cannon". Jerry Fraser of "The Boston Globe" was critical in his review of the book, and wrote that "a book that sets out to be 'everything you need to know to travel safer by air' winds up griping about how the FAA reimburses employees for moving expenses and conducts crude management-training seminars". The book received a critical review from Bill Adair in the "St. Petersburg Times", who wrote: "Schiavo is right about many problems at the FAA. ... But Schiavo seems unable to offer a calm and constructive account of the FAA's problems. She'd rather grab headlines with wild and often inaccurate comments."
Many in the airline industry were critical of the book, and asserted that it contained factual inaccuracies. In 1998, Instructor Darryl Jenkins of George Washington University decided to assign a class project in a graduate course he was teaching on airline economics for students to fact-check statements made by Schiavo in the book. Edmund Pinto, a former Federal Aviation Administration spokesman and publisher of the newsletter "Aviation Daily", later co-authored a report with Jenkins on their findings. In some instances the authors agreed with Schiavo's conclusions, but argued that what they saw as discrepancies detracted from Schiavo's position. In response Schiavo commented that the report by Jenkins and Pinto was "hardly the sort of unbiased reporting which warrants my response", and an article on the matter in "The Washington Post" noted that: "Jenkins occasionally does economic consulting work for airlines and for airline unions, but he said he took on the book project on his own."

</doc>
<doc id="19602474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602474" title="Victory Beach">
Victory Beach

Victory Beach is located on the Pacific Ocean coast of the Otago Peninsula, in the South Island of New Zealand, by road from Dunedin city centre. The longest beach on the peninsula, Victory Beach is located northeast of the entrance to Papanui Inlet and stretches for 3.5 kilometres. It is backed by a series of high sand dunes. The beach's name derives from the wreck of the SS "Victory" on the beach in 1861. The beach and headlands to the north and south form Wickliffe Bay.
Administered partly by the Otago Peninsula Trust, the beach is a habitat for many rare species, notably yellow-eyed penguins. Other notable birds found in the area include spoonbills, and the beach is located close to the Royal Albatross breeding colony at Taiaroa Head. Both Hooker's sealions and New Zealand fur seals are also found in the area.
Access to the beach is via a narrow metalled road which links to Portobello on the Otago Harbour coast and also, via further narrow roads, with the Highcliff Road which runs along the spine of the peninsula. At the end of the road, a 2 kilometre walking track leads to the beach past two large outcrops of columnar basalt known as The Pyramids. The southern, smaller outcrop is called Little Pyramid, or Te Matai O Kia.
The beach was used as a location for the television movie "Out of Ashes", starring Elisabeth Lanz.
Victory wreck.
The steamship SS "Victory" departed Port Chalmers bound for Melbourne at 4:30 pm on 3 July 1861, carrying passengers, mail and cargo. It ran aground at the southern end of the beach () at about 6 pm, seven minutes after chief mate George Hand took charge of the ship. Captain James Toogood ran the engines full astern for around 90 minutes, but the ship was embedded in 6–7 feet of sand, so the passengers and mail were unloaded. Hand was found guilty of being intoxicated and in neglect of duty, and sentenced to serve three months hard labour on 20 July; the court also criticised the captain. On 24 July and the following day the ship's cargo, equipment and hull were auctioned off on the beach, recovering around £1,900 from an estimated value of £25,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19602483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602483" title="Funky Broadway">
Funky Broadway

"Funky Broadway" is a song written by Arlester "Dyke" Christian. It was originally recorded by his band, Dyke & the Blazers, in 1967, and was made into a hit by Wilson Pickett that same year.
The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot Soul Singles chart and number eight on its Hot 100 chart. The song is notable as being the first charted single with the word "Funky" in the title as well as being prototypical funk music itself.
The credits on the recording are:
• Wilson Pickett, vocal 
• Spooner Oldham, keyboards 
• Chips Moman, Jimmy Johnson, guitars 
• Tommy Cogbill, bass 
• Roger Hawkins, drums
• Bowlegs Miller, trumpet 
• Charlie Chalmers, Jimmy Mitchell, tenor sax 
• Floyd Newman, baritone sax
Recorded in Muscle Shoals, February 1, 1967.
Produced by Jerry Wexler
The "Broadway" referred to in the title is the original Dyke and the Blazers song is Broadway in Buffalo, NY, not the famous Broadway in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19602542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602542" title="John Livingstone Brown">
John Livingstone Brown

John Livingstone Brown (born February 7, 1867 in Belwood, Canada West-March 20, 1953) was a Canadian politician, farmer and minister. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1921 election as a Member of the Progressive Party. He moved to the Liberal-Progressives after the 1926 election and was re-elected in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="19602546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602546" title="Matchett">
Matchett

Matchett is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19602561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602561" title="Fleurantia">
Fleurantia

Fleurantia is a genus of prehistoric lungfish which lived during the Devonian period. Fossils have been found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19602567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602567" title="Great Needle Peak">
Great Needle Peak

Great Needle Peak (, ‘Golyam Iglen Vrah’ \go-'lyam 'i-glen 'vr&h\; variant name in , ‘False Needle Peak’) is the summit of the central Levski Ridge in Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island, Antarctica. Rising to ca. 1690 m, it is the second highest peak of Tangra Mountains after Mount Friesland (1700 m sharp). Great Needle Peak surmounts Devnya Valley and Huron Glacier to the north, Macy Glacier to the southwest, Srebarna Glacier to the south, and Magura Glacier to the east.
The name form ‘Great Needle’ has become established in usage, with ‘great’ considered more suitable than the adjective ‘false’ in its Spanish name form ‘pico Falsa Aguja’ as this heavily glaciated, major peak is hardly associated with the ‘true’ Needle Peak ("pico Aguja"), a sharp black peak of elevation just 370 m situated near Samuel Point 8 km away.
Location.
The peak is located 6.68 km east of Mount Friesland, 3.32 km east by south of Levski Peak, 2.54 km south of Sitalk Peak, 2.15 km southwest of Helmet Peak, and 3.32 km northwest from M'Kean Point.

</doc>
<doc id="19602572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602572" title="History of Brighton &amp; Hove Albion F.C.">
History of Brighton &amp; Hove Albion F.C.

Formation and foundation.
Brighton were founded in 1901 and 19 years later, in 1920, they were elected to the Football League's new Third Division — having previously been members of the Southern League. In the Southern League they won their only national honour to date, the FA Charity Shield, by defeating Football League Champions Aston Villa in 1910. There had previously been Old Brightonians, representing the area in the FA Cup in the 19th Century.
Crest history.
The first known crest (1946–1975) to be used by Brighton & Hove Albion was the traditional coat-of-arms design of the twin towns of Brighton and Hove. A hybrid design employing the shield of Hove and the dolphin crest of Brighton was also used at times while a calligraphic shield was worn on the team shirts in the latter 1950s.
During the 1974/75 season the club became known as 'The Dolphins' and by the beginning of the following season, a new club crest had been introduced.
Both this nickname and crest were to prove short-lived, however, following an incident said to have taken place in the Bo'sun public house in Brighton. Prior to a 'derby' fixture with fierce rivals, Crystal Palace, a few away supporters started chanting, "Eagles, Eagles" to which a group of Brighton & Hove Albion fans responded with a chant of "Seagulls, Seagulls". Current club director, Derek Chapman, is said to have been among the group who first christened the club with this nickname. The club has been known as 'The Seagulls' ever since and in 1977 the club crest was changed once again to represent this. A round seagull crest was used on club shirts until 1998 when the current design was introduced. New chairman Dick Knight wanted to sweep away all the remnants of the old, disgraced regime and saw an updated crest as a sign to supporters of new beginnings and happier times ahead.
During the 2001/02 season, however, the club shirts displayed no seagull crest at all. For the club's centenary season a return was made to the traditional shields of the former boroughs of Brighton and Hove (now officially one city).
The Brighton shield shows Martlets (birds used often in Sussex heraldry) and coral which both represent the sea. The Hove shield also displays martlets and a ship that has run ashore, representing a French galley, commemorating the French attacks on the coast of Hove during the early 16th century.
Mike Bamber.
Mike Bamber was the Chairman of Brighton from October 1972 until 1983. He famously brought Brian Clough to the club later that year and then appointed Alan Mullery, who led the football club to the First Division in the 1978/79 season. He also appointed Jimmy Melia as Manager who led the club to their one and only FA Cup Final in 1983. After relegation in the 1982/83 season, Mike Bamber stood down after the most dramatic 11 years in Brighton & Hove Albion's history.
Brian Clough and Peter Taylor.
Following resignation from First Division Derby County Brian Clough and his assistant Peter Taylor were persuaded by chairman Mike Bamber to join Brighton, who were then at the foot of the Third Division. Such was the loyalty to Clough that along with himself and Taylor, scouts and backroom staff completed the walk out, following the pair for their brief spell with Brighton. He proved less successful on the South Coast than with his previous club, winning only 12 of his 32 games in charge of the Division Three side. Whereas eight months earlier Clough was managing a team playing Juventus in the European Cup, he was now managing a club who, just after his appointment as manager, lost to Walton & Hersham 4–0 at home in an FA Cup replay. On 1 December 1973, his side lost 8–2 at home to Bristol Rovers. Albion eventually finished in 19th place that season. Clough left Brighton less than a year after his appointment, in July 1974, to become manager of Leeds United following Don Revie's departure to become manager of England, though this time Taylor did not join him. Taylor remained for a further two seasons, guiding the team to a 4th place finish in 1975–76.
Life at the top (1979–83).
Brighton's life as a Football League club brought little in the way of success and headlines until 1979, when under the management of former England player Alan Mullery they were promoted to the First Division as Second Division runners-up.
In their first top-flight season, a 4-0 home defeat to Arsenal set the tone for an abysmal start to life in the big time. However, an away win to European Cup holders Nottingham Forest inspired a remarkable recovery and Brighton finished the season well safe from relegation with a respectable 37 points.
The following season, Brighton found themselves in relegation trouble before an end-of-season rally saw them to safety. However, Mullery resigned after a dispute with the directors, and was replaced by Charlton Athletic manager Mike Bailey.
Season 1981-82 was the high point of Brighton's stay in the top flight, with the side in the top half or mid-table all season, finishing a credible 13th on 52 points, their highest-ever league finish to date. The following season saw a wildly inconsistent start, with victories over Arsenal and Manchester United mixed in with heavy defeats, and Mike Bailey eventually lost his job at the start of December 1982. Jimmy Melia took over as manager, but was unable to turn the situation around and Brighton ended up being relegated in bottom place.
Despite their relegation, Brighton reached their first (and only to date) FA Cup final and drew 2–2 with Manchester United in the first match. Brighton's goals were scored by Gordon Smith and Gary Stevens. This was the final that featured the "miss" by Gordon Smith with virtually the last kick of the game in extra time prompting the well known phrase "and Smith must score" - in effect it was actually a save by the Manchester United goalkeeper, Gary Bailey. In the replay Manchester United won 4–0, despite Brighton dominating the first twenty minutes of the match.
Sliding towards another relegation (1983–87).
Brighton's first Second Division campaign for four years began with a three straight defeats, but then things perked up with a run of five games unbeaten, including an amazing 7-0 victory over Charlton. However, another run of three defeats was enough to cost Melia his job, with former player Chris Cattlin stepping up to replace him and steering Brighton to mid-table safety. 1984-85 saw Brighton nearly return to the top flight, missing out on promotion by only two points. However, the following season saw Brighton slump to 11th place which, along with purported complaints from the players about Cattlin's management style, caused the board to axe him in favour of returning hero Alan Mullery. However, Mullery resigned at the start of 1987 due to a combination of indifferent form and unhappiness over the club's financial situation, and after his resignation Brighton would only win two more games all season, resulting in them being relegated again — this time to the Third Division.
A brief revival (1987–91).
Although new manager Barry Lloyd hadn't been able to save Brighton's Second Division status, he helped them regain it at the first time of asking. In 1990–91 Brighton spent the season pushing for promotion to the First Division and finished sixth. They reached the play-off final after beating Millwall 4–1 at home and 2–1 away but lost to Notts County in the final at Wembley 3-1. If the disappointment of missing out on a top flight was traumatic for Brighton supporters, it was nothing compared to the traumas that the club would encounter over the next few years.
Relegated twice more (1991–96).
The club's fans were hoping for a push for promotion to the upcoming new Premier League for the 1991–92 season, but instead they watched their side battle against relegation. The battle was lost and Brighton started the 1992–93 season in the new Division Two.
Along with relegation, the club were universally derided for their playing strip at this time, which consisted of striped shirts and shorts.
Barry Lloyd quit in December 1993, having failed to mount a serious challenge for promotion to Division One, and was replaced by Liam Brady. Brady lasted just two years before being replaced by Jimmy Case, but the transition came too late to prevent Brighton from going down to Division Three at the end of the 1995–96 season.
Meanwhile, the club's financial situation was becoming increasingly precarious and the club's directors had come to a decision that the Goldstone Ground would have to be sold in order to pay off some of the club's huge debts.
Near oblivion (1996–98).
Jimmy Case was sacked after a terrible start to 1996–97 saw Brighton stuck the bottom of the league by a considerable margin — they seemed certain to be relegated from the Football League just 14 years after they had almost won the FA Cup. The club's directors appointed a relative unknown in Steve Gritt, the former joint manager of Charlton Athletic, in hope of performing a miracle survival.
Brighton's league form steadily improved under Gritt, although their improving chances of survival were put under further threat by a two-point deduction imposed as punishment for a pitch invasion by fans who were protesting against the sale of the Goldstone ground.
Dick Knight.
Steve Gritt.
By the last day of the season, after being 13 points adrift at one stage they were off the bottom of the table and had to play the team directly below them, Hereford United — the game was in their hands. If Brighton won or drew, they would be safe. Brighton defender Kerry Mayo scored an own goal in the first half and it looked as though their 77-year league career was over. But a late goal saved the day and Brighton retained their league status on goal difference. Robbie Reinelt scored the goal that will write his place in Albion history and in the process ending Hereford's 25-year league career.
The sale of the Goldstone ground went through in 1997 and this led to Brighton having to play some 70 miles away at Gillingham's Priestfield stadium.
1997-98 saw Brighton endure more dismal form but they were never in any real danger of going down because Doncaster Rovers seemed set for the drop long before Christmas due to exceptionally dreadful form. But the board of directors wanted to move the club forward, and knew that they couldn't go on hoping forever that another team would do even worse than them. So Gritt was axed in February 1998 and replaced by former club captain Brian Horton, who already had managerial experience with Hull, Oxford, Manchester City and most recently Huddersfield.
Brighton continued playing their home games at Gillingham for the 1998-99 season and were in contention for a play off place under Brian Horton. In January 1999 Horton left to join Port Vale as manager and Jeff Wood was installed as the new manager of Brighton. With two wins and a draw in the first three games under Wood things continued to look good, however after picking up just 1 point from the next 10 games Brighton fell from play off contention and in April 1999 Wood was sacked. Micky Adams was appointed Brighton's new manager. Brighton finished the season in 17th place, their early season form enough to ensure they didn't spend a 3rd straight season fighting relegation to the Conference.
Back home (1999–2000).
For the start of the 1999-2000 season The Seagulls moved back to Brighton and started playing their home games at Withdean Stadium, a converted athletics track owned by the local council. The season started very well with Brighton born debutant Darren Freeman scoring a hat-trick in a 6-0 demolition of Mansfield in the first game of the season. Brighton's early season form was very patchy as they struggled to find consistency as a rebuilt squad struggled to gel. This early season inconsistency was carried over into the New Year. One bright point was Darren Freeman becoming the first goal scorer of the new millennium when he scored after just 2 minutes against Exeter City on 2 January 2000. In February 2000 Brighton signed a little known forward on loan from Bristol Rovers called Bobby Zamora. Zamora made an instant impact scoring in his debut, the 1-1 home draw with Plymouth. Brighton lost their next game away at Northampton 1-0, this was to prove their last defeat of the season as the following game a Zamora hat-trick inspired them to a 7-1 win at Chester City. Unfortunately the run of 8 wins and 6 draws came too late to mount a run at the play offs and Brighton finished 11, just 5 points off the play off places.
Promotion double (2000–02).
2000-01 was Brighton's first successful season for 13 years. They were crowned champions of Division Three and promoted to Division Two, where they made an excellent start and looked good bets for a second successive promotion. Adams left in October 2001 to work as Dave Bassett's assistant at Leicester, being replaced by former Leicester manager Peter Taylor. The transition proved to be a plus point for Brighton, who maintained their good form and ended the season as Division Two champions — winning a second successive promotion. Just five years after almost succumbing to the double threat of losing their Football League status and going out of business completely, Brighton were one division away from the Premiership.
Another struggle (2002–03).
Peter Taylor decided against renewing his short-term contract after the promotion triumph pursuing potentially bigger and better things at rich and up-and-coming club Hull City, so Brighton promoted youth team manager Martin Hinshelwood in his place. However, Brighton made a terrible start to the 2002–03 Division One campaign, after winning their first game 3–1 away at Burnley followed by a 0–0 draw against Coventry they set a record losing sequence losing 12 games in a row, including a 5-0 defeat by bitter rivals Crystal Palace on 26 October. Hinshelwood then became Director of Football and Steve Coppell was handed the manager's duties after the 10th defeat of the run. Coppell's spell started very brightly with a 2-0 half time lead against Sheffield United, however some questionable refereeing decisions led to Brighton losing 4-2, the 12th and final defeat in the streak. Brighton stopped the slump by beating Bradford 3-2 at Withdean and continued to improve substantially under Coppell and looked as though they might be able to pull off a miracle survival. Although the great escape eventually proved beyond them, Brighton gained some satisfaction by staying alive until the last game of the season, a 2–2 draw at Grimsby. It was at the end of this season that Bobby Zamora, who had been in the double championship winning side and top goalscorer during this period, was sold to Tottenham for a £1,500,000 fee.
Up and down again (2003-06).
Coppell moved to Reading in October 2003 and was replaced by Mark McGhee, who had achieved Division Two promotion success with Reading in 1994 and Millwall in 2001 — both times as champions. McGhee achieved promotion with Brighton at the first time of asking after a dramatic two-legged play-off semi-final against Swindon in which Adam Virgo headed an injury time equaliser in extra time to take the tie to 2–2 and a subsequent penalty shoot out which Albion won. This was followed by a 1–0 victory over Bristol City in the 2003–04 Division Two play-off final (courtesy of a Leon Knight penalty in the 82nd minute) gaining them a place in the newly named Coca-Cola Football League Championship for the 2004–05 season. Albion finished 20th out of 24 clubs in the 2004–2005 season, narrowly avoiding the drop by a single point, but achieving their highest league position for 14 years. Brighton were relegated two games before the end of the 2005–06 Championship campaign after a disappointing season on the South coast.
Wilkins takes over (2006-08).
The season began with uncertainty, over the future of manager Mark McGhee and consequently the out of contract players. Several board member, led by major shareholder Tony Bloom wanted McGhee sacked, but chairman Dick Knight still backed him. The situation was eventually resolved with McGhee retained as manager, youth coach Dean Wilkins promoted to first team coach, and first team coach Dean White named chief scout.
With pre-season came mixed messages, then manager Mark McGhee proclaiming promotion was the aim, while Knight stated at the pre-season fans forum that mid-table would be acceptable. The mixed feelings for Seagulls fans continued into the season, as new non-league signing Alex Revell scored a debut goal to secure a 1-0 victory at Rotherham, but in the immediate aftermath young forward Colin Kazim-Richards handed in a transfer request that would eventually lead to him leaving the club on deadline day to sign for Sheffield United for £150,000 with a 25% sell on clause.
Results quickly deteriorated, and manager Mark McGhee was sacked at a meeting with Albion chairman Dick Knight on 7 September 2006. Assistant manager Bob Booker also left the club on the same day, after several years working with a number of managers. Many fans had lost faith in McGhee during the previous season's relegation battle, and this was cited by Knight as one of the key reasons for his departure, along with a loss of faith in the dressing room.
Following McGhee’s sacking the club installed Dean Wilkins as caretaker-manager, saying they would have to give Wilkins a chance to see what he could do for the club. Chief scout Dean White was promoted to Wilkins' assistant manager. The pair were given the posts on a permanent basis on 29 September, and former player Ian Chapman was also added to the coaching staff shortly afterwards.
It was to prove a difficult season for the rookie management team, whose inexperience was mirrored by that of the team, 10 youth players having been awarded contracts in the summer [http://archive.theargus.co.uk/2006/3/10/208742.html], along with several youth team graduates already in the first team. There were some highlights - beating Leyton Orient 4-1 home and away, winning 2-1 away at Scunthorpe United (one of only two home defeats for the eventual champions), and thrashing Conference side Northwich Victoria 8-0 at home in the first round of the FA Cup. A 3rd round tie away to West Ham United was a break from League One for Brighton's fans, but their side were beaten 3-0 after a disappointing second-half performance. Albion also reached the Southern area Semi-Final of the Football League Trophy. January signing Bas Savage claimed cult fame on television programme Soccer AM for his moonwalk celebration following each one of his goals scored for the Albion, which were also proving crucial in keeping Brighton away from a relegation battle.
The 2006-07 season proved to be very successful for the Seagulls Reserve team, after securing the Sussex Senior Cup and winning the Football Combination Southern League by finishing just one point ahead of Southampton Reserves.
On 24 April Dean Wilkins signed a three-year contract extension.
The 2007-08 season was a considerably better season for the first team, who finished seventh in League One, finishing 7 points off the play-offs and the club retained the Sussex Senior Cup beating Crawley Town, 1-0, in the final.[http://www.seagulls.premiumtv.co.uk/page/Latest/0,10433~1306227,00.html]
Shock exit and return of Adams (2008 - 2009).
After what many fans and pundits deemed a very good 2007-08 season for Brighton and Dean Wilkins, it was announced on 8 May 2008 that Wilkins had been sacked from his position of manager and offered the role of first-team coach at the club, which he subsequently declined. It was then revealed that Micky Adams would be returning to the club to take over the duties of being manager and that reserve team coach Ian Chapman had left the club. [http://www.seagulls.premiumtv.co.uk/page/Latest/0,10433~1315784,00.html.
The 2008-09 season began strongly, albeit with poor home form. An early highlight was a penalty win against Manchester City in the second round of the Football League Cup which shocked the city fans and their new owner, the royalty of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan. After being defeated by Luton on penalties in the Football League Trophy, Adams left the club by mutual consent.
Tony Bloom.
Russell Slade (2009).
After 3 weeks of managerless football, Brighton appointed ex Yeovil manager Russell Slade as their frontman until at least the end of the season. Brighton lost their first two games under the management of Slade and like many seasons beforehand, it looked inevitable that Brighton would need a miracle to stay up - amazingly a miracle opportunity arose, with Slade winning 5 of Brighton's last 7 games. The relegation dogfight however lasted until the very last game, with a 1-0 win over Stockport County, also risk of relegation following a 10 point deduction, securing Brighton's position with just 2 points to spare. Brighton finished the season in 16th, and with a new manager, a new stadium under construction and a whole host of new signings over the summer, things were looking up for the team.
Gus Poyet (2009-2013).
After a disappointing run of results in the first few games of the season, Slade was sacked on 1 November 2009, to make way for former Chelsea and Tottenham player, Gus Poyet, who officially became Brighton's new manager on 10 November. The move also saw former Ipswich Town player Mauricio Taricco join the club, as Poyet's assistant. The move proved to be a positive at first, as Poyet's first game in charge saw the Seagulls overcome local rivals Southampton F.C., gaining a 3-1 victory at St. Mary's Stadium. Around this time, 12 year veteran chairman Dick Knight became Life President at the club to make way for Tony Bloom, a Brighton fan, poker player and founder of Starlizard (who predict the results of football matches amongst other services). Bloom invested £93 million to secure the building of the new Falmer Stadium without the club taking external debt. The team gradually climbed up the league, owing to some large wins, including a 5 goal win at Wycombe, and 3 goal wins at Brentford and Tranmere, and despite an embarrassing 7-1 thrashing at Huddersfield Town. Brighton were able to retain their League 1 status on 24 April with a win over Bristol Rovers. Brighton captain Nicky Forster left the club, and moved to Brentford, once his contract expired at the end of the season. A late run saw Brighton go undefeated in 5 games, finishing the season 13th.
In the 2010/11 Season Brighton's solid defence saw them to the top of the league, clear by 3 points, with the second greatest goal difference, only behind championship rivals Southampton, and to the most wins in the football league, equal to championship rivals Southampton. 
They won promotion on Tuesday 12 April at the Withdean after a 4-3 win over Dagenham and Redbridge, the team then secured the League One title on 16 April at the Bescot Stadium after a 1-3 victory over Walsall. 
As the season drew to a close Brighton form dropped after securing the League one title and they last 2 home games and draw their last 2 away game, including losing their last ever game at Withdean 3-2 to 3rd place Huddersfield before drawing 1-1 with Notts County on the last day of the season. A victory parade was then held on Brighton seafront on 8 May 2011.
A late run of form in the 2009/10 Season saw Brighton enter the 2010/11 Season undefeated at home for 2 games, with their last loss at home to Carlisle on 10 April 2010. This form continued till 23 April 2011 in a loss to championship rivals Southampton, though this was elementary as Brighton had won the league little over a week earlier. Brighton were undefeated, in cup and league, for over a year at the Withdean Stadium, with a total of 27 game run. Brighton only lost 2 home games all season and only one team managed the double over them, Huddersfield Town. 
During the season Brighton peak form included 9 consecutive home wins and 9 consecutive matches undefeated in all competitions and also recently recorded 8 consecutive wins, both home and away, equalling the post war record for the club. In addition, Brighton's 24 points in March matched the Football League all time record for points in a single calendar month.
After moving Brighton to the Championpship as Champions Poyet started rebuilding after the loss 2 key players in the off season; PFA Team of the Year player Elliott Bennett to Norwich for an undisclosed fee and top scorer Glenn Murray to arch-rivals Crystal Palace on a free transfer after Brighton failed to reach an agreement with the player at the end of his contract. After these losses The Seagulls brought in many players, including League One Top Scorer and £2.5m club record signing Craig Mackail-Smith and Kazenga LuaLua on loan for 3rd time, before purchasing him in mid-November.
The biggest off season movement for Brighton was the change of stadium to the American Express Community Stadium after a 14 year gap since they left the Goldstone Ground. Brighton’s first game, in the form of their reserve team, at the new stadium was a 2-0 win over Eastbourne Borough on 16 July 2011 in the Sussex Senior Cup Final. Fittingly the first ever goal scorer at the stadium was Gary Hart, who had been brought into the squad, out of contract, for one final game for the team, Gary Hart also scored the first goal at the Withdean Stadium after Brighton's moved there. Brighton's first team took the field for the first time at the Amex against Tottenham in a friendly on 30 July 2011. Brighton lost the game 2-3, after taking the lead 11 minutes in via a Liam Bridcutt goal.
On 6 August 2011 Brighton played their first competitive game at the Amex against Doncaster Rovers, their last ever opponents at the Goldstone Ground, a match Brighton won 1-0. The opening game of the 2011-12 season ended with a 2-1 Win for Brighton, after 98th minute winner, placing them 3rd in the league at the end of the day, courtesy of an alphabetical advantage of 2 others teams who also won 2-1.
The first goal scorer in a competitive first team match at the Amex was Doncaster Rovers player Billy Sharp, who scored in the 39th minute. Whilst, the first goal scored in a competitive first team match at the Amex for a Brighton player was Will Buckley, who came from the bench to score in the 83rd minute.
As this was the first season at the new stadium there were many events worthy of note that otherwise would not be, the firs t to occur after the first league game of the season was on 9 August 2011 when Brighton played Gillingham, a team they ground shared with for 2 seasons after losing the Goldstone Ground. Brighton ran out 1-0 victors on this day. Brighton's perfect record at the new stadium was brought to a halt by a 2-2 draw with Blackpool on 20 August 2011. Brighton's first loss came at the hands of rivals Crystal Palace in a 1-3 defeat on 27 September 2011. Manager Poyet would describe this loss as “the lowest that you can come as a Brighton manager.”
Brighton would face Premier League opponents 4 times across the season. Sunderland, Newcastle and Liverpool twice, Brighton would beat the former 2 and lose to the latter on both occasions. Out of the these four meetings the final was most worthy of note, drawing Liverpool at Anfield for the FA Cup 5th Round, where they were thrashed 6-1 while freakishly scoring three own goals, two from Liam Bridcutt and one from Lewis Dunk. This broke the record for the most number of own goals in an FA Cup match.
Brighton's season continued with the team experiencing varying form, spending the first few months near the top of the table before the pressures of playing a new higher league caught up with the team and they dropped as low as 15th in the league by 31 December. However against the odds the team then put together the joint-longest unbeaten run in that season's Championship going thirteen consecutive matches without a loss taking them to fourth and a potential spot in the playoffs. This dream ultimately came to nothing but the team finished very respectably in 10th place at the end of the season, their highest finish in the English leagues for over 2 decades and the first season in which they finished higher than Crystal Palace since 1986, a source of much joy from the fans.
The conclusion of the season saw the club announce that the Amex would be expanded to 27,500 seats with a new tier constructed in the East Stand during the summer break with plans to expand to 30,000 capacity by the start of the 2013-14 season, while media speculation linked manager Poyet to several high-profile managerial vacancies including West Bromwich Albion and Aston Villa.
On 23 June 2013, after period of suspension, Brighton put out an official statement stating Poyet had been informed that "his employment has been terminated with immediate effect". Poyet appealed the decision on the grounds of unfair dismissal; the club upheld the decision to release Poyet for gross misconduct.
Óscar García (2013-).
On 26 June 2013, Brighton appointed Óscar García as head coach; this was shortly followed by Charlie Oatway leaving the club by mutual, having spent 8 years as a player, and 3 as a coach, at the club. After 6 competitive matches in charge of Brighton, CA Osasuna requested permission to approach the newly appointed manager; Brighton denied this request.

</doc>
<doc id="19602590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602590" title="Pajhwok Afghan News">
Pajhwok Afghan News

Pajhwok Afghan News () () is a leading news agency in Afghanistan with headquarters in the city of Kabul. It has about eight regional bureaus and a counrywide network of reporters and correspondents, covering the entire 34 provinces of Afghanistan. It provides broad-based coverage of news in English, Pashto and Dari.
Owned and operated entirely by Afghans, Pajhwok Afghan News (PAN) claims to have no political affiliations. Its founder and director is Danish Karokhel, with Farida Nekzad being the co-founder and deputy director. "Pajhwok" is a Pashto word meaning reflection or echo in both Pashto and Dari languages.
History.
Pajhwok Afghan News agency originally began as a project in 2003, covering the 2003 loya jirga in Kabul, and gradually developed into a daily news source by mid-2004. During its first two years the agency was assisted by the Institute for War and Peace Reporting, with initial funding from the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) Office of Transition Initiatives (OTI) through the UN's International Organization for Migration. Head of the news agency, Danish Karokhel, expressed a desire to the Office of Transition Initiatives to be independent very early in its formation, which was approved and completed in July 2004 with the local management takeover of PAN in January 2005.
Pajhwok Afghan News (PAN) gradually became Afghanistan's largest independent news service by early 2009, The agency began providing continuous coverage across Afghanistan, with reporters or stringers in nearly every Afghan province. PAN is supported by Internews and the Open Society Institute. The agency seems to be running mainly on funds generated with subscription fees, advertisements and selling of news stories to other news agencies around the world.
PAN news agency has made a concerted effort to hire female reporters and editors in a bid to expand the range of women's voices in the Afghan media. Female Afghan journalists face particular challenges in a country where questioning authority is still rare.

</doc>
<doc id="19602629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602629" title="Ranipur Sanctuary">
Ranipur Sanctuary

Ranipur Wildlife Sanctuary, was founded in 1977, is one of the attractions of Banda district in Uttar Pradesh. It is spread over 230 km2 and is noted for its diverse wildlife. 
Getting There.
This sanctuary is not very frequently visited by tourists because of the difficult access.
Attractions.
It is the natural habitat of several animals including the tiger, leopard, sloth bear, sambar, blackbuck, peafowl, spur fowl, jungle fowl, painted partridge, fishing cat and chinkara.
November to June is the best time to visit here. Accommodation is available at forest rest houses in Manikpur, Ranipur, Chauri and Markundi.

</doc>
<doc id="19602631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602631" title="Tait's Magazine">
Tait's Magazine

"Tait's Edinburgh Magazine" was a monthly periodical founded in 1832. It was an important venue for liberal political views, as well as contemporary cultural and literary developments, in early-to-mid-nineteenth century Britain.
The magazine was founded by William Tait (1792–1864), the son of a builder and an inheritor of a large fortune. Tait was an "independent radical" in politics; he strongly favored the Whig party. 1832 was a time of great political ferment, with the first Reform Bill the dominant subject of discourse. Tait's periodical was intended as a "Radical riposte" to "the politically revanchist but culturally avant-garde "Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine"." "Tait's" welcomed many new and unknown writers like Robert Nicoll, as well as established voices like James Henry Leigh Hunt, and figures of future fame like Harriet Martineau and John Stuart Mill.
From 1833 on, "Tait's Magazine" was a regular venue for the essays of Thomas De Quincey. Perhaps most notably, De Quincey published a series of biographical essays on the Lake Poets (later collected as "Recollections of the Lake Poets") in the pages of "Tait's" between 1834 and 1840. Tait published a range of other selections by De Quincey, including, somewhat surprisingly, "A Tory's Account of Toryism, Whiggism and Radicalism" (December 1835, January 1836). That article, however, was supplied with many sarcastic footnotes disagreeing with its points — "objecting foot-notes from the pen, presumably, of Tait himself."
In 1834 "Tait's Magazine" was combined with "Johnstone's Edinburgh Magazine", a liberal periodical started two years earlier by husband and wife John Johnstone and Christian Isobel Johnstone. She was an early feminist who wrote extensively for "Tait's" in the following years, becoming the magazine's "chief contributor and director" under William Tait himself. Christian Johnstone was "the first woman to serve as paid editor of a major Victorian periodical," to which she brought "fresh life and popularity." In the same year Alexander Bailey Richmond took the magazine's London agents to court, for reviewing a work calling Richmond a government spy: the defence was successful.
Christian Johnstone died in 1857; "Tait's Magazine" ceased publication in 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="19602642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602642" title="Crafton Hills">
Crafton Hills

The Crafton Hills are a low mountain range of the Transverse Ranges System, in Southern California.
They are located near Yucaipa, east of the city of San Bernardino in San Bernardino County. The range is south the San Bernardino Mountains foothills.

</doc>
<doc id="19602685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602685" title="1951 World Ice Hockey Championships">
1951 World Ice Hockey Championships

The 1951 World Ice Hockey Championships were the 15th World Championships and the 28th European Championships in ice hockey for international teams. The tournament took place in France from 9th to 17 March and the matches were played in the capital city, Paris. Thirteen nations took part, and were first split into two groups. The seven best teams were placed in the first group, and the six others were placed into the "Criterium Européen", which would later become the B World Championships. The A World Championships were played in a league, with each team playing each other once. 
Canada, represented by the Lethbridge Maple Leafs became world champions for the 14th time. Sweden took their fifth European Championships, finishing ahead of the Swiss whom they had played to a draw. In the final game of the tournament, Sweden lost by four to Canada, however they remained ahead of the Swiss on goal differential by three.

</doc>
<doc id="19602699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602699" title="Richard Gailey">
Richard Gailey

Richard Gailey, Sr. (22 April 1834–1924) was an Irish-born Australian architect.
Gailey was born in Donegal, Ireland and emigrated to Australia in 1864, becoming an influential and prolific architect in colonial-era Brisbane. He died in Brisbane.
Body of work.
His substantial body of work includes many commercial and residential buildings in Brisbane that today are considered colonial treasures. Some of these include:
Characteristics of Gailey's work.
Gailey's work combines the practical value in a sub-tropical environment of high-thermal mass masonry walls with the aesthetic value of finely detailed arches creating a wide veranda to shade the load-bearing walls from the sun during the hottest part of the day. This is best seen in the Brisbane Girls Grammar School. 
A cost-reducing alternative to masonry arches is seen in commercial buildings like the Regatta Hotel. The wrought-iron filigree lacework replaces the masonry arches of the outer veranda. This elegant and practical approach has become known as Queenslander architecture. Its use became widespread in early Queensland residential properties of substance.
Gailey Road, Taringa.
Richard Gailey owned property in the area that came to known as Taringa. His name is commemorated in Gailey Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19602729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602729" title="Magic in Town">
Magic in Town

Magic in Town () is a 1968 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Jeanne Darville.

</doc>
<doc id="19602730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602730" title="Laminated root rot">
Laminated root rot

Laminated root rot also known as yellowing ring rot is caused by a fungal pathogen "Phellinus weirii". Laminated root rot is one of the most damaging root disease amongst conifers in northwestern America and affects mostly fir trees and cedars. Douglas fir, Mountain hemlock, Western hemlock, Grand fir, and Pacific silver fir are highly susceptible to infection with P. Weirii. A few strains of plants such as Western white pine and Lodgepole pine are tolerant to the pathogen while Ponderosa pine is resistant to it. Only hardwoods are known to be immune to the pathogen and therefore are not infected with yellow ring rot.
Symptoms and Signs.
Laminated root rot mainly attacks Douglas fir, Mountain hemlock, Western hemlock, Grand fir, and Pacific silver fir. The disease infects trees between 6 years and their year of rotation (the period of years between when a forest stand is established and when it receives its final harvest). Diagnostic symptoms include crown yellowing and thinning, distress of cones, red brown stained outer heartwood, and separation of annual rings. Also, plants infected with laminated root rot are usually in patches or groups since the disease is spread within a short range. Infected or decayed roots break close to the root forming “root balls.” Laminated root rot is frequently detected during ground surveying when canopy openings and standing dead and fallen trees are observed.
Signs of Laminated root rot are the red fungal hairs between sheets of decomposing wood and also the buff colored mycelia on the outside of the roots.
Discovery.
The fungus "Phellinus weirii" was first discovered in 1914, on Western red cedar in Idaho. The first reported instance in Douglas fir was in 1940, in Cowichan Lake, British Columbia.
Disease Cycle and Transmission.
There are two types of the "Phellinus"; one that causes laminated root rot in Douglas fir, Grand fir, and Hemlocks and the other that causes butt rot in Western red cedar. The mycelium of this fungus doesn’t grow in the soil and also its spores are not spread by wind like most fungal pathogens. Infection occurs when roots of healthy trees grow in contact with infected roots. After initial contact with a living root, the mycelium grows on the bark, extending only a few millimeters into the surrounding soil. The mycelium penetrates the host through injured bark and advances proximally and distally along newly infected roots. It eventually penetrates through the host’s cambium and grows inside the wood causing decay and death of living cells in the heartwood and sapwood. During this process of entering into the cambium, the pathogen kills the phloem and initiates the decay of the xylem. The pathogen utilizes both cellulose and lignin, weakening the plant and eventually this leads to its death "Phellinus Weirii" over-winters within infected stumps and can remain viable for up to 50 years It is also known to infect bark, but this infection process is not well understood. Older trees are more resilient to infection, although trees of all ages may be infected.
Management.
In all cases of the disease, thorough study of the distribution and intensity should be determined to help choose a management practice that’s cost effective. For example, if the disease is widespread in a pre-commercial stand, destroying the plantation may be the most effective measure. The area can then be replanted with immune or low-susceptible species. Aerial surveying is a viable tool available for use in areas where there are severely damaged systems. Other management tools include:
Economic Importance.
Laminated root rot is a serious disease that infects trees between 6 years and the year of rotation (the period of years between when a forest stand is established and when it receives its final harvest). The trees die from failure to take up water and nutrients because of the main roots are decayed. The death is also accelerated by wind that throws the trees down. It is estimated that Laminated root rot reduces timber production by about 4.4 million cubic meters annually. Wood losses in British Columbia are estimated to be 1.4 million cubic meters.

</doc>
<doc id="19602763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602763" title="Coke baronets">
Coke baronets

The Baronetcy of Coke of Longford, Derbyshire was created in the Baronetage of England on 30 December 1641 for Edward Coke.
He was the grandson of Sir Edward Coke, Lord Chief Justice. His father Clement, youngest son of Sir Edward, acquired by marriage the Longford Hall estate in Derbyshire. Coke served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1646. His son the second Baronet was Member of Parliament for Derbyshire in 1685.
The Baronetcy was extinct on the death of the third Baronet in 1727. The Longford estate passed into the ownership of the senior branch of the Coke family of Holkham Hall, Norfolk represented by the Earl of Leicester.

</doc>
<doc id="19602768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602768" title="It Had to Be You (Phillips novel)">
It Had to Be You (Phillips novel)

It Had to Be You is a contemporary romance novel by Susan Elizabeth Phillips.
Plot Summary.
The Windy City isn't quite ready for Phoebe Somerville-the outrageous, curvaceous New York knockout who has just inherited the Chicago Stars football team. And Phoebe is definitely not ready for the Stars' head coach, former grid iron legend Dan Calebow, a sexist jock taskmaster with a one-track mind. Calebow is everything Phoebe abhors. And the sexy new boss is everything Dan despises-a meddling bimbo who doesn't know a pigskin from a pitcher's mound. So why is Dan drawn to the shameless sexpot like a heat-seeking missile? And why does the coach's good ol' boy charm leave cosmopolitan Phoebe feeling awkward, tongue-tied...and ready to fight?
Awards.
It was awarded the RITA award for "Best romance novel" of 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19602769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602769" title="Covert (disambiguation)">
Covert (disambiguation)

A Covert usually describes events carried out in secrecy.
Covert may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19602775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602775" title="The Veterinarian's Adopted Children">
The Veterinarian's Adopted Children

"The Veterinarian's Adopted Children" () is a 1968 Danish comedy film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19602792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602792" title="Clemens Hasse">
Clemens Hasse

Clemens Hasse (13 April 1908 – 28 July 1959) was a German actor and synchroniser.
Biography.
Hasse was born in Königsberg, East Prussia to a public official and attended his stage education at the "Preussisches Staatstheater" in Berlin. Between 1929 and 1944, when the Theater was closed down, he was a constant member of the Staatstheater ensemble.
Hasse first appeared in a UFA movie in 1932 and acted in several movies next to popular stars like Heinz Rühmann or Hans Albers. He was the German dubbing voice of Eddie Albert, Lou Costello, José Ferrer, Oliver Hardy, Sid James and also the voice of the white rabbit in Disneys "Alice in Wonderland".
After World War II Hasse worked at the "Schlosspark-Theater" Berlin and after 1951 at the "Schillertheater". He died of a heart attack at New York City on the occasion of his daughter's marriage and is buried at Waldfriedhof Dahlem in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19602796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602796" title="Kazuhiko Ikematsu">
Kazuhiko Ikematsu

He won a bronze medal at the 2003 FILA Wrestling World Championships. During the Men's freestyle (66 kg) event at the 2004 Summer Olympics he was ranked on 5th place. He participated in Men's freestyle (66 kg) event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated from the tournament after he lost to Otar Tushishvili.

</doc>
<doc id="19602811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602811" title="Ceallasaigh Mòr">
Ceallasaigh Mòr

Ceallasaigh Mòr (or Keallasay More) is a low-lying island in Loch Maddy off North Uist in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland. This an area of shallow lagoons filled and drained by the tides each day. Ceallasaigh Beag lies to the south and these two islets are connected by a narrow strip of sand at low tide. Ceallasaigh Mòr may also join mainland North Uist near Bràigh Cheallasaigh at some stages of the tide.

</doc>
<doc id="19602814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602814" title="Turku Centre for Computer Science">
Turku Centre for Computer Science

Turku Centre for Computer Science (abbr. TUCS, , ) is a joint department of University of Turku and Åbo Akademi University. TUCS was founded on March 21, 1994 by the aforementioned two universities, and Turku School of Economics, which then was a university of its own. The purpose of TUCS is to coordinate the education, research and societal interaction of the affiliate Universities in the field of ICT. The TUCS office facilities are located in Turku in the Turku Science Park area.
TUCS Graduate Programme forms a significant part of the TUCS activities. Started in 1994, it was the first Finnish graduate student school.
Departments involved in TUCS.
University of Turku.
Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences
Turku School of Economics
Åbo Akademi University.
Division of Natural Sciences and Technology
Organization.
Turku Centre for Computer Science coordinates education, research and The Third Task (societal involvement) in Master's Programmes, Graduate Programme and Research Units. TUCS is governed in a Board. The Director of TUCS is Professor Johan Lilius and the Vice Director is Professor Ion Petre.
The research in TUCS is focused on TUCS Research Programmes. Since 1 May the research programmes are:
The research is carried out in 17 research units.
Cooperation with other universities and colleges.
TUCS is an affiliate partner of EIT ICT Labs of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology.
TUCS is a member of the European Education Forum (abbr. EEF). There are seven research centers in EEF in Denmark, Netherlands, Finland, Italy, Germany and United Kingdom.
TUCS is a member of the Finnish state wide INFORTE-programme for ICT professionals, which is designed to offer networking and education events to professionals working in Finnish companies, polytechnics and public administration.
TUCS participates the Network of Finnish Graduate Schools in Information Technology (Figsit). The objective of the network is to increase the quality and quantity of training and supervision of PhD students in computer science and information technology, with minimal additional costs and overhead.

</doc>
<doc id="19602838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602838" title="John Peck">
John Peck

John Peck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19602843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602843" title="List of Formula One seasons">
List of Formula One seasons

Sixty-three seasons of Formula One, the highest class of open wheeled auto racing defined by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), motorsport's world governing body, have been run. The F1 world championship season consists of a series of races, known as Grands Prix, held usually on purpose-built circuits, and in a few cases on closed city streets, the most famous of which is the Monaco Grand Prix in Monte Carlo. The results of each race are combined to determine two annual World Championships, one for drivers and one for constructors.
The World Drivers' Championship is awarded to the most successful Formula One driver over a season, as determined by a points system based on Grand Prix results, and has been awarded since the first Formula One season in 1950. The World Constructors' Championship is awarded to the most successful Formula One constructor over a season, as determined by a points system based on Grand Prix results. The Constructors' Championship was first awarded in 1958. Different car make/engine combinations are considered to be different constructors for the purposes of the Championship. Constructors' Championship points are calculated by adding points scored in each race by any driver for that constructor. Up until 1979, most seasons saw only the highest-scoring driver in each race for each constructor contributing points towards the Championship. On only ten occasions has the World Constructors' Champion team not contained the World Drivers' Champion for that season.

</doc>
<doc id="19602844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602844" title="Chandra Prabha Sanctuary">
Chandra Prabha Sanctuary

Chandraprabha sanctuary is situated in the eastern region of Uttar Pradesh. It is well endowned with beautiful picnic spots, dense forests, and scenic waterfalls like Rajdari and Devdari that attract tourists every year to its vicinity. Chandra Prabha Wildlife Sanctuary is situated about 70 kilometres from the historic city of Varanasi. 
History.
The sanctuary was established in May 1957. Asiatic lions were introduced at Chandraprabha in 1958. The exercise was successful in the beginning, with the number of lions rising from three to 11 by 1969. However, the following year the lions were found missing. The plan was again revived in 1993 although the Indian Government is yet to take a decision in this regard.
Location.
Chandra Prabha sanctuary is spread over an area of 78 km² and lies on Naugarh and Vijaigarh hillocks in the Vindhya forest range in Chandauli.
Getting In.
Chandraprabha sanctuary is just 65 km from the city center of Varanasi. The most convenient way to reach the park is by hiring a taxi and driving down. The journey takes approximately two hours. The nearest rail junction is Varanasi, which is well connected to most parts of India. 
Attractions.
A variety of wild animals are found at Chandraprabha. These include blackbucks, chital, sambhar, nilgai, wild boar, porcupine and Indian gazelle. The reptilian species include gharial and python. 
The park is a bird watchers' paradise, as one can see around 150 species of birds. The wild vegetation comprises mahua, saagun, amaltas, tendu, koraiya, ber etc. In terms of flora, it is a typical dry deciduous forest composed of gneiss and laminated stone. 

</doc>
<doc id="19602847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602847" title="Fun in the Streets">
Fun in the Streets

Fun in the Streets () is a 1969 Danish comedy film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19602850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602850" title="Exchange Plaza">
Exchange Plaza

Exchange Plaza is a 40-storey skyscraper in Perth, Western Australia. Completed in 1991, the building is the State headquarters of the Australian Securities Exchange. Currently it is the fifth tallest skyscraper in Perth after QV.1, the BankWest Tower, City Square and Central Park.
Site history and construction.
The land on which the tower stands is owned by the historic Weld Club, a gentlemen's club located at the rear of the site, at the corner of Barrack Street and The Esplanade. The land was leased by the Weld Club to the tower's developers for 135 years.
The building was the result of a 50–50 joint venture between Westpac subsidiary Australian Guarantee Corporation and the Japanese C. Itoh and Shimizu. Construction on the building started during the 1980s property boom at a cost of between A$220 million and $230 million. The tower was built by Multiplex, topping out occurred in mid-1991 and construction completed in 1992.
Post-completion.
Considered one of Perth's premium office towers, in July 2008 a portion of space halfway up Exchange Plaza was leased for $900 per square metre: the highest cost per square metre ever seen in Perth.
The roof of the building has been used as a base from which to launch shells in the annual Lotterywest Skyworks fireworks display.
Ownership.
In 1992, Westpac bought out the share in the development of C. Ito and Shimizu, and took over the AGC share in the property. Westpac put the tower's leasehold on the market in late 1996 at a hefty discount to its development cost. The leasehold was purchased in April 1997 by Schroders Property for $106 million. The acquisition was structured as a 50-50 joint venture between the Schroders Property Fund and the unlisted Schroders Private Property Syndicate.
This was the largest CBD office purchase since AMP purchased the BankWest Tower in 1994.
Control of the building was obtained by AMP Asset Management when it took over the Schroders property portfolios in 1999.
In June 2003, Stockland bought a 50% share in the building. By 2006, the building was jointly owned by Stockland Trust Group and Colonial First State Property PPS Fund.
In late 2011, AMP Asset Management purchased Stockland's stake for $157.7m.
Design.
Exchange Plaza was designed by architects Peddle Thorp & Walker. It is a steel-framed structure with pre-cast concrete floor panels. The exterior of the building is fully glazed with curtain walls, which step back at the upper levels. The unique blue glass was produced in a one-off batch by Pilkingtons Australia.
The building features a 150-seat conference centre and uninterrupted river views from most levels
all across Perth Water and west all the way to Rottnest Island.
The building has of net lettable area across 33 commercial office levels.
In addition there are three plant floor levels and five basement parking levels, with 236 car parking spaces. Construction on the southern car park started in January 1998 and finished in May 2000, and involved the construction of the deepest wall that had ever been built in Perth. The complex also includes a 10-storey podium building fronting Sherwood Court.
As part of the development, dining, accommodation, tennis and bowls facilities were constructed for the Weld Club. The existing bowling green of the Weld Club had to be excavated for the construction of the car park, then replaced. In order to preserve as far as possible the historic character of the Weld Club site, the developers had to secure century-old bricks and tiles to integrate the base of the tower with the Club complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19602868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602868" title="Noel Yobou">
Noel Yobou

Noel Mobio Yobou Agbo (born 5 January 1982 in Attécoubé) is a goalkeeper currently playing for Platinum Stars F.C..
Career.
He began his career with Stella Club d'Adjamé, was promoted in 2002, before transferred to Thanda Royal Zulu in 2006.
The former Benoni Premier United goalkeeper Yobou has finally found a new home at National First Division side FC Cape Town, four months after declaring that he has quit relegated Western Province United. He recently signed a two and half year deal with the Tycoons from the North-West Province Platinum Stars F.C..
International career.
Yobou presented the Under 23 from The Elephants at Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics Qualify and was the captain.

</doc>
<doc id="19602873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602873" title="The Egborg Girl">
The Egborg Girl

The Egborg Girl () is a 1969 Danish comedy film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Dirch Passer. 

</doc>
<doc id="19602892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602892" title="Whitney Boomerang">
Whitney Boomerang

The Whitney Boomerang DW200 is a two-seat, fixed tricycle gear general aviation airplane, originally designed for flight training, touring and personal use. It can be seen in active service at Darwin International, Brisbane's Archerfield and Perth's Jandakot General Aviation airports.
History.
The Whitney Boomerang was designed by C.W. "Bill" Whitney as a replacement for the aging two-seat training aircraft fleets. The type certificate was granted on the 18th of December 2007 making the Boomerang only the 5th Australian aircraft to be granted an FAR 23 certificate. The Whitney Boomerang is currently produced by Dean Wilson Aviation located at Kingaroy Airport. The machine has performed at several airshows and has also featured in media reports having made the trans-Tasman journey to New Zealand.
On Friday May 27, 2011 an advertisement appeared in the Aviation supplement of The Australian newspaper inviting expressions of interest in acquiring the assets of the companies manufacturing the Whitney Boomerang. The assets were listed as the Type Certificate, aircraft, plant and equipment, parts and tooling for aircraft manufacture and the hangar housing production facilities at Kingaroy, Queensland. The advertisement was inserted under instructions from the receivers and managers of Dean-Wilson Aviation P/L and Queensland Aviation Manufacturing P/L.
A notice on the SM Aviation website states:
SM Aviation has been appointed by Price Waterhouse in Brisbane to carry out the sale of assets of Dean-Wilson Aviation and QLD Aircraft Manufacturing (receivers and managers appointed). Simon Mathews will personally oversee the sale of the business, its intellectual property and assets located at Kingaroy in Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19602902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602902" title="Cassino (disambiguation)">
Cassino (disambiguation)

Cassino is a "comune" in the Province of Frosinone, Lazio, Italy.
Cassino may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19602908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602908" title="Talent Party">
Talent Party

Talent Party was a Southern teen dance TV program that aired between 1964 and 1973 featuring many of the popular artists in Rhythm and blues, rock and pop music of the day. The off-shoot of "Dance Party", it began airing on WHBQ-TV which had already produced several local programs featuring Memphis personalities. Hosted by disc jockey George Klein, "Talent Party" was hugely successful, giving many garage bands their first television appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="19602916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602916" title="Kaimoor Sanctuary">
Kaimoor Sanctuary

Kaimoor Wildlife Sanctuary in Uttar Pradesh was set up in 1982. It is located in the border area of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. The vegetation consists of 500 square kilometers of verdant land. The topography of the region is as varied as the types of animals that it houses.
Getting In.
By Air.
The nearest airport is babatpur varanasi.
By Rail.
The nearest railhead is Bhabhua road.
By Road.
Kaimoor is accessible by road from Varanasi and Mirzapur (100 km). The nearet town, Robertsganj, 3 km, is connected by bus services to major centres in the region.
Attraction.
The wildlife population comprises leopard, blackbuck, chital, chinkara, ratel and peafowl.
The main species of wild animals found in the sanctuary are those of antelope, blue bull, wild cat, karakal, and bijju. There are quite a few varieties of local & migratory birds forming a large part of the wild population.
Important Vegetation includes saal, sheesham teek, mahua, jamun, siddha, salai, koraiya and jheengar. 

</doc>
<doc id="19602924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602924" title="Tim Reeves">
Tim Reeves

Tim Reeves (born 28 August 1972) is an English sidecar racer from Maidstone, Kent. He is a four time Superside FIM World Sidecar Champion, twice with his younger brother Tristan (2005,2006), once with Patrick Farrance (2007) and once with Ashley Hawes (2012) as passenger.
In 2008 Reeves and Farrance entered in their first Isle of Man Sidecar TT finishing an outstanding third place in race one and sixth in race two. In 2013 Reeves, with passenger Dan Sayle finally got to the top step of the TT podium in Sidecar TT Race 1.
In the 2008 Sidecar World Championship Reeves and Farrance placed second behind Pekka Päivärinta and Timo Karttiala (LCR-Suzuki GSX-R 1000).

</doc>
<doc id="19602935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602935" title="Me and My Kid Brother and Doggie">
Me and My Kid Brother and Doggie

Me and My Kid Brother and Doggie () is a 1969 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Lisbeth Movin and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19602941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602941" title="Duncan Inglis">
Duncan Inglis

Duncan Inglis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19602959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602959" title="Credit Institutions (Financial Support) Act 2008">
Credit Institutions (Financial Support) Act 2008

The Credit Institutions (Financial Support) Act 2008 is an Act of the Oireachtas (Irish parliament) was a piece of emergency legislation decided on by the Government on Tuesday Sept 30 and enacted on Thurs Oct 2nd to provide a eur 440 billion guarantee to six Irish banks to prevent possible collapse as a result of the Global financial crisis of September–October 2008
It was unusual in that it was the first time since its foundation that the Irish senate began debate on legislation after midnight, finally passing the bill at 8am on Thurs October 2.
About the Act.
BACKGROUND
The decision to introduce the bill was made following Monday 29 September, when the ISEQ fell a record 13%, when a number of banks in Europe were collapsing and the United States congress initially rejected their Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 and a subsequent record points-value fall in the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
There was a direct positive response on the liquidity markets on the day the bill was announced.
REACTION IN EUROPE
Downing st: unhappy
European commission:

</doc>
<doc id="19602962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19602962" title="Woodside Plaza">
Woodside Plaza

Woodside Plaza is a 29-storey skyscraper in Perth, Western Australia. The tower serves as the headquarters for Woodside Petroleum and incorporates several energy-efficient design features. When completed in 2004, the building was the first premium-grade skyscraper completed in Perth since Central Park in 1992. It is currently the sixth tallest skyscraper in Perth.
Planning and construction.
Woodside Petroleum experienced strong growth in its business during the 1990s. However, there had been no major expansion in office space in the Perth central business district since the opening of Exchange Plaza and Central Park in 1992. As a result, by 1998 Woodside had its Perth staff spread across six sites, including Central Park and the headquarters at 1 Adelaide Terrace.
Woodside Petroleum called for tenders for a tower to be constructed for the company. Perron Group put forward a proposal to leave Woodside in its existing headquarters on Adelaide Terrace and build a tower beside it to house the other staff. Meanwhile, Consolidated Press Holdings and Multiplex proposed to build a tower on CPH's "Westralia Square" site. Jones Lang Wootton proposed a new tower on the "Bishop's See" site.
However, it was announced in April 1999 that the winning tenderer was Hai Sun Hup Group subsidiary Knoxville Group. This proposal was to develop Hai Sun Hup's site at the corner of St Georges Terrace and Milligan Street into an office tower and hotel project. This site stretches all the way from St Georges Terrace to Hay Street, and had been bought by Alistair McAlpine for $100 million, before later being sold to Hai Sun Hup in 1996 for just $20 million. The mostly vacant site was occupied by small buildings fronting Hay Street and vacant land fronting all three streets. The corner of Milligan Street and St Georges Terrace also featured the eight-storey "AWA Computer House". The development also necessitated the demolition of the building on Hay Street which housed the Matsuri Japanese Restaurant, which moved to new premises in QV.1.
Approval of the office tower was delayed due to a dispute with the Department of Transport about the number of car parking bays which could be included in the development, and it was rumoured that the building may not proceed due to difficulties in Hai Sun Hup securing financing. However, the construction was made viable by the booming resources industry in Western Australia.
Planning approval was received from the City of Perth in December 2000, with plot ratio concessions awarded to the development in return for allowing pedestrian thoroughfare and providing a public square at the base of the tower similar to that at the base of the Central Park tower. The $250 million development contract was signed on 30 January 2001. Under this deal, Deutsche Asset Management paid Hai Sun Hup $23 million for the building site and development contract, and Woodside agreed to lease of the tower for 15 years, with two five-year options to extend. Hai Sun Hup retained ownership of the Hay Street side of the site.
Site works began on 31 January 2001, with a groundbreaking ceremony held on 27 February 2001. Construction on the tower by builder Baulderstone Hornibrook began in March 2001.
Although the building would add of office space to the central business district and raise the premium-grade office floor space in the central business district by 24 per cent, Woodside was to occupy so much of it that only would be available to other tenants. By October 2003, building manager CB Richard Ellis had leased all but three floors of the building, after securing law firm Corrs Chambers Westgarth and the joint venture alliance between Transfield, Worley Limited and Woodside. This was reduced to less than two floors unleased in April 2004 when accounting firm Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu signed on as tenant, vacating its office in Central Park.
The building was effectively completed in early 2004, and was officially opened in March 2004. It became Perth's third largest building by total floor area, and was the city's first new high-rise office building in eight years and the first premium-grade tower since the completion of Central Park in 1992. It was thought that the move of Woodside to the western end of the central business district would draw other resources companies to the area.
The plans originally included the construction of a hotel adjacent to the new office tower on the Hay Street side of the site. The 13-storey hotel was to be a 220-room 5-star Stamford Hotel. The hotel, which was expected to cost $50 million, was put on hold by Stamford Land Corporation (the new name for Hai Sun Hup) in 2001 and construction would only proceed if the local hotel market became strong enough. A 13-level, A-grade office tower was proposed for the site by Stamford Land Corporation in 2008.
Design.
The tower was designed by architects Kann Finch Group. It features 251 basement car parking bays, a bar on the ground floor, shops, a 120-seat auditorium on the mezzanine level and a fully equipped gym.
The structure is of concrete frame, with a conventionally reinforced jump-formed core containing all of the lifts, stairs and service risers. The office floors are formed from post-tensioned band beams supporting conventional reinforced slabs. The perimeter of the building has columns spaced apart and supporting post-tensioned edge beams. The support columns were formed from concrete to minimise the column size at ground level.
Woodside Plaza has two basement levels, two plant floor levels, 23 office floor levels, a mezzanine and the ground floor, giving a total of 29 floors. The building has a total floor area of , of which is lettable. The building is divided into three elevator zones: low-rise, mid-rise and high-rise. Four generators and a fuel tank allow the tower to operate without any external electricity for up to four days.
The tower is noted for its efforts towards efficient energy use. For instance, the building's air conditioning plant utilises variable-speed fans to consume less energy when extra cooling is unnecessary, and the floors are divided into several air conditioning zones. Internal lighting dims when natural ambient light is brighter, and the heat load of the building is reduced through the use of "low emissivity" glass on the building's facade. The building also implements water-saving measures through the installation in early 2008 of waterless urinals, saving an estimated of water each year.

</doc>
<doc id="19603001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603001" title="Ligertwood">
Ligertwood

Ligertwood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19603002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603002" title="Lakh Bahosi Sanctuary">
Lakh Bahosi Sanctuary

Lakh Bahosi Sanctuary is a bird sanctuary spread over two jheels (shallow lakes) near the villages of Lakh and Bahosi (abt 4 km apart) in Kannauj district, Uttar Pradesh. It is about 40 km from Kannauj. Primarily a bird sanctuary, species from 49 genera (of the 97 inhabiting India) can be seen at the sanctuary. It is one of India's larger bird sanctuaries, covering 80 km2 including also a stretch of the Upper Ganges canal. (Lat/Long: 26°54'47.50"N 79°39'19.20")
Getting there.
Lakh-Bahosi is 5 km from Indergarh Police Station. It is about 35 km from 
Kannauj , bus stand on the Grand Trunk Road (NH91) - the road turns right at the canal just past Tirwa (10 km distant from tirwa)(abt 15 km from Kannauj). It's about 90 km from Kanpur.
Attraction.
Spread over 3 km2 beside the Bahosi Lake, the sanctuary is home to various migratory birds from November to March. Jackal, blue bull, mongoose, fishing cat and monkeys may also be spotted here.
A separate lake at nearby Lakh village hosts some similar species, though the relative ecology is somewhat different. 
The best time to visit is December to February.

</doc>
<doc id="19603007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603007" title="Chimney's Afire">
Chimney's Afire

"Chimney's Afire" is the second album by Australian singer-songwriter Josh Pyke. It was produced primarily by Pyke and released in 2008 on the Ivy League Records label.
Chimney's Afire featured 2 songs on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2008, with "Make You Happy" at number 29 and "Lighthouse Song" at number 27.

</doc>
<doc id="19603020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603020" title="Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993">
Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993

Denmark was represented at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 by the Tommy Seebach Band and "Under stjernerne på himlen", the winners of the Danish national final, Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 1993.
Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 1993.
Danmarks Radio (DR) continued to use the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix contest to select the Danish entry for Eurovision. The 1993 edition of Dansk Melodi Grand Prix was held on 3 April in Odense, hosted by Keld Heick and Kirsten Siggaard. Ten songs competed in the contest with two rounds of voting selecting the winner: a 9-person jury selected the top 5 songs which progressed forward to a public televoting which selected the final winner.
The winner of Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 1993 was the Tommy Seebach Band with the song "Under stjernerne på himlen", composed by Tommy Seebach and host Keld Heick. This was Seeback's seventh appearance at Dansk Melodi Grand Prix, having previously won twice (in 1979 and 1981 (with Debbie Cameron) as well as placing 2nd in 1982, 4th in 1984, 2nd in 1985 and 4th in 1987.
At Eurovision.
Seebach performed 5th at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 in Millstreet, Ireland, following Switzerland and preceding Greece. "Under stjernerne på himlen" placed 22nd of the 25 competing countries, receiving a total of 9 points, receiving 1 point from Sweden, 3 points from Luxembourg and 5 points from Bosnia and Herzegovina. This relegated Denmark from competing in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, after placing in the bottom 6 entries.

</doc>
<doc id="19603021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603021" title="The Lustful Vicar">
The Lustful Vicar

The Lustful Vicar () is a 1970 Swedish comedy film directed by Torgny Wickman and starring Jarl Borssén.

</doc>
<doc id="19603024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603024" title="Ray Price discography">
Ray Price discography

This is a detailed discography for American country music artist Ray Price.

</doc>
<doc id="19603033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603033" title="Hellfire (film)">
Hellfire (film)

Hellfire is a 1949 western film about a gambler who changes his ways after a preacher sacrifices himself to save his life.
Plot.
Drifting gambler Zeb Smith promises a dying preacher who saved his life that he'll fulfill the preacher's lifelong goal to build a church.
He needs money and there's a $5,000 reward out for lady outlaw Doll Brown, who has murdered Lew Stoner, her husband. Stoner's brothers Gyp, Red and Dusty are after her as well, as is Zeb's law-abiding pal, Marshal Bucky McLean.
Doll mocks his newfound faith and knocks Zeb unconscious after their first meeting. She rides to Cheyenne to look for her little sister, Jane Carson. The sheriff there, Duffy, tries to arrest Doll, and soon Bucky rides into town, too.
On the run, Zeb and Doll hide out in a cabin. By the time Bucky rides up, Doll's changed her whole look and he doesn't recognize her. Bucky confides to Zeb that he is married to Jane and would like to see Doll dead so no one will ever know Jane's dark family secret, that her sister is a notorious outlaw.
After being captured and roughed up by the Stoner boys, an angry Zeb is deputized by Duffy and goes after them. He arrests Doll, but in jail she gets the drop on him, locking him up. Doll is shot twice by the Stoners, who are about to shoot her again when Zeb manages to do away with all three. In his arms, Doll finally comes to appreciate Zeb's faith in God.

</doc>
<doc id="19603038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603038" title="Il Capo dei Capi">
Il Capo dei Capi

Il Capo dei Capi ("The Boss of the Bosses") is a six-part Italian miniseries which debuted on Canale 5 between October and November 2007. It tells the story of Salvatore Riina, alias Totò u Curtu, a mafioso boss from Corleone, Sicily. Riina is played by Palermo-born actor, Claudio Gioè, and the series was directed by Alexis Sweet and Enzo Monteleone. The film is inspired from the eponymous book-inquiry of Giuseppe D'Avanzo and Attilio Bolzoni. The series was broadcast in the UK in Spring 2013 on the Sky Arts channel, retitled Corleone and split into 12 one-hour episodes.
Plot.
First episode (1943–1958).
15 January 1993. Cosa nostra 'superboss' Salvatore Riina has been arrested after 23 years, and receives a visit in prison from his childhood friend, Biagio Schiarò, triggering a flashback. In 1943, as a boy of 13 years, Riina is working in the fields around the town of Corleone when he finds a buried bomb. His father decides to take the bomb home, in order to extract the gunpowder from inside in order to sell it to hunters in order to supplement his very low farm labourer's income. The bomb explodes, killing Riina's father and younger brother, and leaving Salvatore as the head of the family to lead a life of misery.
Tired of living in poverty, Totò, together with his friends Bernardo Provenzano (aka Binnu), Calogero Bagarella and Biagio Schiarò, begins to work for Luciano Liggio, Picciotto of the boss Michele Navarra, who meanwhile orders the kidnapping and murder of Placido Rizzotto. Soon after, Totò gets into a murderous fight with 'Menico, the son of miller to whom Totò sells his grain, and ends up in prison; meanwhile Schiarò's change of heart takes him back to school. Six years later, Totò, an adult by now, is freed. Waiting outside the prison gates are Provenzano, Bagarella and a new member of the gang, Luciano Maino.
Riina soon picks up where he left off in Liggio's gang: intent on more power and infamy, the gang murder the capo Michele Navarra and plan to expand towards Palermo. Schirò, meanwhile, has become a police officer and is working with Chief Inspector Angelo Mangano on Liggio and his gang. Totò meets the studious younger sister of Calogero Bargarella, Ninetta, and falls in love. It soon emerges that Ninetta is a close friend of Teresa, who in turn is dating Biagio Schirò.
Second episode (1963–1969).
The full Corleonese Clan (Luciano Liggio, Totò Riina, Bernardo Provenzano, Calogero Bagarella and Luciano Maino) prepare to go to Palermo for a 'business discussion' with Salvatore La Barbera and Vito Vianvimino. As soon as they arrive, they begin straight away to demand respect: first killing a butcher who would not pay for a load of clandestine meat, then killing an accountant who had paid protection to the wrong family. One evening, while the Corleonesi are in a night club (where Maino meets a girl, Maria Nigro) Salvatore La Barbera is kidnapped and killed by Michele Cavataio. All the other mafiosi in La Barbera's clan flee from Palermo.
Back in Corleone, Totò's relationship with Ninetta Bagarella strengthens. Biagio discovers from Teresa that word has it that Riina will be at Ninetta's one evening, and organizes a search. Nevertheless, Totò manages to hide both himself and his friend Calogero, and neither are caught. Totò promises to Ninetta not to enact revenge on Teresa for the betrayal, but she tells him that she had already decided to break all links to her friend, rather to continue her relationship in secret with him.
On June 30, 1963, in the Ciaculli quarter of Palermo, a police officer notices a parked Alfa Giulietta. Unaware that the car is packed with explosives, an officer opens the boot which triggers the bomb inside which kills seven people. This leads to many arrests, with many other mafiosi, including the Corleonesi, going into hiding. Maino refuses to do so, preferring to stay in Palermo with his girlfriend. While fleeing from Corleone, Totò and Calogero are stopped by a police patrol. Calogero manages to escape but Totò is arrested; he attempts to provide forged identity documents but these fail when he is recognized by Biagio.
A few days later, Biagio tells Teresa (who has just graduated) that Riina has been caught, and that the two can marry without threat. At the same time, an eavesdropping Ninetta (also recently graduated) overhears everything. Schirò goes to the parents of Teresa to ask her hand in marriage and, after an awkward conversation with her father, is given their blessing.
Meanwhile Maria, Maino's girlfriend, discovers his hidden life via the newspapers, and convinces him to go to the police. He tells Judge Cesare Terranova everything he knows about the Corleonesi. Shortly after, Luciano Liggio too is arrested by Commissario Mangano and Schirò, discovered hiding in the wardrobe of the ex-girlfriend of Placido Rizzotto.
The Bari trial begins, and Maino stands as witness, fingering directly Totò and his companions, and testifying to all of their murders. Despite this concrete proof, Liggio, Riina and the other convicts are released thanks to a lack of evidence - the jury had been threatened. A few days after the trial, Luciano Maino is found, hanging, at his home.
Third episode (1969-1978).
Biagio and Teresa have married, and have a baby (Antonio) at the beginning of the episode. Simultaneously Riina and his fellow mafiosi - Provenzano, Bagarella and two other men, soldiers of Tano Badalamenti, boss of Cinisi - enter the offices of Michele Cavataio dressed as police officers of the Guardia di Finanza. The aim of the attack is to assassinate Cavataio, who had earlier killed Salvatore La Barbera.
One of Badalamenti's henchmen, nervously lets his gun fire, killing two men and triggering a massacre - no longer under cover, they have to murder five others before reaching Cavataio. Following a spree of bullets, Cavataio feings death until Totò and Calogero enter, when he turns and shoots, hitting and killing Bagarella. Enraged, Provenzano responds by beating Cavataio to death with the butt of his gun.
In Corleone, Totò informs his own sister, and girlfriend of Calogero, Arcangela, of his friends death. He then calls on his Ninetta, Calogero's sister, calling her away from her teaching job and giving her the news; meanwhile Schirò requests a transfer to Palermo. Needing cash in order to make key investments in Palermo, Riina decides to kidnap the young lad, Antonio Caruso, from the town hall while visiting now mayor Vito Ciancimino. This triggers the disdain of the mafiosi of Palermo, in particular bosses Stefano Bontade and Giuseppe Di Cristina.
On May 5, 1971, Riina orders the homicide of District Attorney Pietro Scaglione, and during the ambush Maresciallo Lo Russo is also killed. Totò wishes to flee with Ninetta to Venice, and marry. Having discovered the body of Bagarella, the police decide to search the home of his sister, Arcangela, and find a photo of Ninetta and Totò. Implicated, the police arrest Ninetta. During her trial, Vito Maranza, one of Riina's men, goes to Biagio's house and kidnaps Teresa and Antonio, holding them to ransom until Bagarella is released.
Luciano Liggio is arrested in Milan by commissario Mangano, as a consequence Riina becomes the main capo of the Corleonesi Clan, and is chosen by Don Michele Greco as his 'prediletto' (his favourite).
Two of Riina's soldati are ordered to kill Giuseppe Di Cristina but fail, killing instead his driver. Shadowing Di Cristina, they discover that he is collaborating with Commissario Boris Giuliano. Meanwhile Totò and Ninetta marry.
Some of the mafiosi - Pippo Calderone, Badalamenti and Di Cristina - begin to have problems with Totò, and their interaction becomes cold. At a successive meeting of the Commissione, Riina asks for their lives and is given permission to kill only Cristina, though he also kills Calderone.
At the end of the episode, Silvio Albertini, an honest colleague of Schirò, chances upon the hiding place of Riina, his wife and Provenzano. He immediately telephones Biagio from a phone box, and summons him to the location. As soon as he arrives, Schirò heads up to the apartment and finds Silvio's lifeless body on the floor. Suddenly, Riina's two soldati appear and beat Schirò. Riina emerges and warns his old friend to leave his family alone, especially Ninetta, before knocking him out cold.
Curiosity.
The miniseries has been watched by Salvatore Riina, now that he is in prison, raising some criticism on the coverage of the topic.

</doc>
<doc id="19603055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603055" title="Max Gülstorff">
Max Gülstorff

Max Walter Gülstorff (23 March 1882 – 6 February 1947) was a German actor and stage director.
Biography.
Gülstorff was born in Tilsit, East Prussia. He first appeared in 1900 at the Rudolstadt municipal Theater and moved to Cottbus in 1908.
In 1911 Gülstorff went to the "Schillertheater" Berlin and became a member of the ensemble of Max Reinhardt's Deutsches Theater in 1915. He also acted at the Großes Schauspielhaus and the Volksbühne Berlin. In 1923 Gülstorff moved to Vienna, where he worked as a stage director at the Theater in der Josefstadt.
Gülstorff died in Berlin and was buried at the Lichtenrade cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19603061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603061" title="Daily Express Building, London">
Daily Express Building, London

The Daily Express Building (120 Fleet Street) is a Grade II* listed building located in Fleet Street in the City of London. It was designed in 1932 by Ellis and Clark to serve as the home of the "Daily Express" newspaper and is one of the most prominent examples of art-deco architecture in London.
The exterior features a black façade with rounded corners in vitrolite and clear glass, with chromium strips. The flamboyant lobby, designed by Robert Atkinson, includes plaster reliefs by Eric Aumonier, silver and gilt decorations, a magnificent silvered pendant lamp and an oval staircase. The furniture inside the building was, for the most part, designed by Betty Joel.
The building was entirely refurbished in 2000 by John Robertson Architects. The foyer was recreated largely from photographs and the façade completely upgraded.
The lobby of this building was open to the public on London Open House day, over the 19 and 20 September 2009 weekend. Members of the public were allowed to view the lobby, which is normally off-limits apart from employees of the building and invited guests.
The building is currently occupied by Goldman Sachs.
Sister Express buildings in Manchester and Glasgow.
The company also constructed two sister buildings of similar design during this period. The Express Building, Manchester (1939) was critically acclaimed as the best of the three due to its superior exterior design and better site and was the only one of the three to be designed by Sir Owen Williams. The 1936 building in Glasgow still houses a newspaper.
The building in the media.
In 1961 the building, the paper and its most famous editor, Arthur Christiansen, featured in the British science fiction film "The Day the Earth Caught Fire", in which actors Edward Judd and Leo McKern have leading roles. The satirical magazine "Private Eye" invariably referred to the building, in the days when it was occupied by the "Daily Express", as 'The Black Lubyanka'.

</doc>
<doc id="19603066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603066" title="Mangatautari marae">
Mangatautari marae

Maungatautari marae is a marae in the Waikato Region of New Zealand, on the northern edge of Maungatautari mountain, overlooking the Waikato River. It is the main marae for the Taute, Kara, Tupaea, Wirihana, Poka and Tauroa whānau, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19603068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603068" title="Art Building (Willamette University)">
Art Building (Willamette University)

The Art Building is an academic hall at Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, United States. Built in 1905 for the Willamette University College of Medicine, it is the third oldest building on campus after Waller Hall and Gatke Hall. The Beaux-Arts style red-brick building stands three-stories tall and contains of space.
History.
In 1905, Willamette University opened the Medical Building as the first permanent home for the College of Medicine. The medical school, the first in the Northwest, merged with the University of Oregon’s medical school (now Oregon Health & Science University) in Portland in 1913 and vacated the building. That year the law school moved into the now Science Hall, which was the first regular home to the school on campus. Willamette’s high school department, Willamette Academy, was also located in the building from 1913 until 1920. The science department also occupied the building at this time.
In 1938, the law school moved to Gatke Hall (built in 1903 and moved to campus in 1938), and in 1941 the science department moved to neighboring Collins Hall. In 1941, the then College of Music moved into the building, remaining until 1976. That year the building finished renovations begun the previous year after the structure had declined to the point where the top floor was declared unsafe by the fire marshal. The remodel prepared the building for use by the art department, who moved in in 1976 with the building renamed as the Art Building. After the art department relocated to the hall, a gallery for the school’s art collection developed on the top floor and was named the Hallie Brown Ford Gallery. The collections were moved in 1998 to the new Hallie Ford Museum of Art located one block to the west.
In 2002, a wing was added and the existing structure was extensively remodeled and upgraded in a $3.5 million project. The three-story and wing was added to the east with covered walkways connecting it to the existing structure on each of the three floors. Renovations on the original building included seismic retrofitting, adding bathrooms, and reconfiguration of the basement and the top floor. Soderstrom Architects’ Jon Wiener designed the new brick-faced wing, while Walsh Construction served as general contractor.
Details.
The original building contains spread over three stories and a full basement. It is the oldest building at Willamette after Gatke and Waller halls, though Gatke was built elsewhere and moved to campus in 1938. Originally featuring wood floors, the now carpeted hall includes a ceramics studio in the basement attached to an outdoor kiln, teaching studios, galleries, offices, and work rooms. The Beaux Arts style brick building is at the corner of State and Winter streets on the north end of the campus across from the Oregon Civic Justice Center. The hall has a concrete foundation faced with bricks with the roof made of composite shingles. The new wing includes a gallery for the display of student art, a 35 seat classroom, offices, painting and printmaking studios, and storage areas. Both the art history and art department occupy the buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="19603070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603070" title="Amour (1970 film)">
Amour (1970 film)

Amour is a 1970 Danish drama film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Svend Johansen.

</doc>
<doc id="19603077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603077" title="Phoebe Judson">
Phoebe Judson

Phoebe Goodell Judson (October 25, 1831 – January 16, 1926; sometimes called Phoebe Newton Judson) was an American pioneer and author. Along with her husband, Holden Judson, she founded the city of Lynden, Washington. In 1886 she started the Northwest Normal School , which would become Western Washington University.
Judson kept a diary of her experiences following March 1, 1853 (the day she and her family left for Washington Territory), which she later abridged and rewrote into "A Pioneer's Search for an Ideal Home: A Personal Memoir", published shortly before her death.
Because of the large role she played during the 1870s through 1890s in the development of the Nooksack Valley (including giving Lynden its name), she is often referred to as the "Mother of Lynden".
Life.
Background.
Born Phoebe Newton Goodell on October 25, 1831, Judson was born in Ancaster, Canada, the second eldest of eleven children with her twin sister Mary Weeks Goodell, and named after her father's sister, Phebe Goodell. Her parents were Jotham Weeks "J. W." Goodell, a Presbyterian minister descended from British colonists, and Anna Glenning "Annie" Bacheler. In 1837 her family emigrated to Vermilion, Ohio, where she and her siblings where raised.
On June 20, 1849, at the age of 17, Judson married Holden Allen Judson (born mid-1827), with whom she had grown up. (Holden's only sibling, Lucretia "Trecia" Judson, had been a close friend of Phoebe's in Vermilion.) The Judsons lived in Holden's parents' home in Vermilion. Their first child, Anna "Annie" Judson, was born the following year. 
Following the Donation Land Claim Act, the Goodells traveled to the Oregon Territory in 1851, leaving Phoebe and her elder brother William behind. Judson's twin sister Mary and her fiancé Nathan W. Meloy settled in Willamette, Oregon (today part of West Linn) and J. W. Goodell named and established the town of Grand Mound, Washington with his wife and younger children, where he took up a job as postmaster and part-time minister alongside George F. Whitworth (who would later found Whitworth University).
Inspired by her family, and Holden's desire for independence from his parents, Judson set off for the month-old Washington Territory with Holden and Annie on March 1, 1853, a few days following her brother William's wedding to Maria Austin, both of whom would take the same Westward route the following year and witness the Ward Massacre.
Overland Trail.
Upon the outset of Judson's emigration to the American West, she laid out the criteria for her "ideal home":
Boarding a train to Cincinnati, Ohio, they reached St. Louis, Missouri by steamboat, where they transferred to a smaller steamer headed for Kansas Landing (now Kansas City, Missouri). Here they traveled two miles (3 km) to West Port, Missouri (now part of Kansas City), where they roomed in a hotel for five weeks, making preparations for their journey and building their wagon. Having read "Uncle Tom's Cabin", Judson disapproved of the hotel's use of slaves and even argued on behalf of them with the landlady.
In West Point they allowed a "young Scandinavian" named Nelson to ride with them, and in turn were invited to join the wagon train of Rev. Gustavus Hines, made up of six covered wagons (including the Judson's) and a carriage. Phoebe and Holden traveled with four oxen (Tom, Jerry, and Nelson's—Berry and Buck) and a cow. The parties who made up the caravan were:
The Hines–Judson Wagon Train left West Point of May 1, 1853, and by the following Sunday (May 8) the Leonards abandoned the train because Gustavus Hines insisted on resting on Sunday, which they felt was dangerous and wasteful (the Judsons were inclined to agree, but stayed with Hines because they had elected him captain). Incidentally, the Hines–Judson Wagon Train surpassed all the caravans which did not rest on Sunday (including the Leonards'), because their oxen could keep their strength. On June 26, 1853, Judson gave birth to her second child, Charles La Bonta "Bonta" Judson (named after La Bonta Creek in Wyoming, where he was born, upon the suggestion of Gustavus Hines).
The wagon train reached Independence Rock on July 3 and Devil's Gate on July 5, soon after which they were joined by an Irishman and his family. While fording the Snake River in Wyoming, Diah Hines (elder brother of Gustavus Hines) drowned, after which his wife tried to commit suicide.
When the wagon train finally reached the Columbia River, the Judsons left their caravan (including Nelson) and headed for Willamette, Oregon to see Judson's twin sister, Mary Meloy. Leaving their cattle with the Meloys till spring, the Judsons hired American Indians to canoe them to Grand Mound, Washington, where they claimed the adjacent to the Goodells. Along the way Judson began to learn Chinook Jargon, which she would eventually speak fluently.
Grand Mound and Claquato.
While living in Grand Mound, the Judsons became well acquainted with the native Chehalis Indians (who lived in various parts of the Judson acreage), striking a friendship with one called Dean Clark, who taught them Chinook Jargon while they taught him "Boston la longe" (English). The Chehalis practiced minor head flattening, a practice then common throughout all Coast Salish Indian tribes.
After an orphaned 10-year-old Chehalis boy named Skoqualamooch escaped execution by his tribe in the winter of 1853, the Judsons adopted him and gave him the name "Jack Judson" at his own request. That same year, Grand Mound was visited by Isaac Stevens, the newly appointed first governor of Washington. On the advice of the Grand Mounders, Stevens set up a temporary capital in Olympia (which would eventually become the official state capital).
After building a log cabin in Grand Mound, however, the Judsons discovered that the ground was gravelly and infertile. In 1854 they moved twelve miles (19 km) south to Claquato, Washington, along the Skookumchuck River. Here the ground was fertile, but the scenery did not meet the criteria for Judson's "ideal home". The ground was so fertile, in fact, that the Judsons could not efficiently store their harvested crops before the rainy season. Additionally, they were forced to purchase two dogs (Lion and Tige) to keep bears from eating their crops and livestock.
That same year Judson's brother William Goodell, with his wife and three children, came across the plains to Claquato with Holden's parents and sister Trecia (who married U.S. Marshal George W. Corliss and moved to Olympia soon after).
Puget Sound War.
In 1855, at the outset of the Puget Sound Indian War, Holden's parents moved in with the Judsons. While the native Chehalis Indians were not openly hostile in Claquato, they began touring each of the settlers' homes, taking inventory of their possessions, so that in the event of a takeover the spoils would be evenly split. When a small band of Indians led by "Pug Ugly" tried to take over the Judson's land, Judson prevented her husband from killing them, feeling that such an action would only increase tensions.
Eventually the inhabitants of Claquato were evacuated to the Claquato Stockade Fort (commanded by Edwin Davis), some of whom suffered attacks of hysteria. The Judsons hid most of their possessions near their house, taking only what was necessary. Though nights were spent in the stockade fort, Judson, along with Holden, Jack (who had refused to join the Indian resistance), and Holden's father, spent the day harvesting their acreage while Annie and Bonta stayed with Holden's mother.
Many of Judson's friends and neighbors were ambushed and massacred during the Indian War. Judson's sister-in-law, Trecia Corliss, and her husband George Corliss were spending the evening with customs-collector Isaac N. Ebey when he was beheaded by a band of Haida Indians. Trecia survived by faking death, and George escaped out the back window of Ebey's house.
After the end of the Puget Sound Indian War, Judson witnessed the execution of Chief Leschi (the war's instigator), which she deeply opposed, feeling he had been deceived into starting the rebellion. That same year, in 1858, Holden was elected by the Democratic Party to the Washington State Legislature. The Judsons temporarily moved in with George and Trecia Corliss (who lived in Olympia) while the legislature was in session.
Olympia and Whidbey Island.
While in the legislature, Holden became friends with John A. Tennant, a homesteader from Whatcom County. Inspired by Tennant (who later gave his name to Tennant Lake in Ferndale, Washington) and the influx of shipping in Bellingham Bay, Holden, with George Corliss, invested in Whatcom County lots and donated money for the construction of a small trail to Whatcom (the town which would eventually become Bellingham).
In 1859, Holden sold the Claquato acreage for $4,000 plus other provisions. The Judsons rented a frame house in Olympia with the intention of eventually buying more acreage, and Holden's parents bought a home near Olympia and lived by themselves. Holden himself opened a grocery store as a source of income. When Olympia was incorporated on January 28, 1859 (the first incorporated town in Washington), the Judsons were among its first citizens.
On December 17, 1859, Judson gave birth to George Judson (named after Judson's brother-in-law, George Corliss). Three years later, in 1862, Judson gave birth to her fourth unadopted child, Mary Judson. Mary was raised in part by George and Lucretia Corliss, who had no children.
Lucretia, weakened by her fear of American Indians ever since escaping during Isaac Ebey's beheading, was removed by her husband to Las Cruces, California (in Santa Barbara County) near the end of the Civil War in 1864. In Las Cruces she made a full recovery and invited the Judsons and her parents to emigrate.
Judson believed that Las Cruces might be the "ideal home", and she and Holden planned to leave their unprosperous grocer business. However, on January 16, 1864, Mexican bandits robbed the Corlisses, trapped them in their home, and burned them alive. The Judsons moved instead to Whidbey Island in 1866. Judson gave birth to Carrie Judson in 1869, but the child died of pertussis a month later.
In 1871, Holden met James Alexander Patterson (brother of U.S. Senator David T. Patterson), a colonel who owned land adjacent to Squahalish, a Nooksack Indian camp in the Nooksack Valley of Whatcom County. Like many Washingtonian bachelors at the time, he had married an American Indian (a young Lummi princess known as Lizzie), building a small cabin in 1860. Patterson treated Lizzie as a slave and left her to run the farm with Ned, a young Indian hand, while he was on business in Olympia. Lizzie and Ned eloped to Sumas (then the site of another Indian encampment), leaving behind Patterson's two young daughters, Dollie and Nellie. Patterson refused to allow Lizzie see her children again, but was unable to keep up the farm or take care of the children on his own. He convinced the Judsons to foster his daughters and executed a quitclaim deed in favor of Judson for his and 20 cattle.
The Squahalish Plateau.
On March 1, 1871, Judson and Holden, with Dollie, Nellie, and their sons Bonta and George (now 17 and 12, respectively), moved to the Nooksack Valley. Judson's daughter Annie had married Eason Ebey (son of the beheaded Isaac Ebey), and her second daughter Mary stayed on Whidbey Island in order to attend school for another six months. When Judson returned to the island in September 1871 to retrieve Mary, Eason Ebey read her the poem "" (by Thomas Campbell). This poem would later be the inspiration for the name "Lynden".
Because there were no roads to Whatcom, the Judsons rode a mail steamboat to Bellingham Bay, where they transferred to canoes up the Nooksack River paddled by a Nooksack Indian couple named Sally and Joe. The journey up the Nooksack took two days because of two log jams, called the Big Jam (which was ¾ of a mile long) and the Little Jam. The Patterson property had a small log cabin and a milk barn on the cusp of a plateau near the north bank of the Nooksack, with a view of Mount Baker and the Twin Sisters. Squahalish, Sally and Joe's encampment, was on the opposite bank. Judson later said a "sense of satisfaction came over" her at this location which she had never felt at any other home. The Judsons built a larger, two storey house, using Patterson's original as the kitchen. Once their presence became known, Lizzie Patterson returned to see her children and died shortly after.
The native Nooksack Indians were subject to the influence of a Catholic mission on the Lummi territory. Sally and Joe, along with their children Tom, Holatchie, Mathia, Illead, Miladee, and Lewison, practiced a combination of Catholicism and worship of the "Sothalic Tyee" (Great Spirit). After Judson's arrival Sally had four more children, but only pressed the head of the first.
After the Nooksack's medicine man was killed by an exploding 4th of July cannon, Holatchie, daughter of the Judsons' Nooksack neighbors Sally and Joe, became ill. Lacking a medicine man, Sally sent for the priest from the Lummi mission, who required the remuneration of a firearm and one cow for his visit. After the priest's departure, Judson, who acted as physician in the area, was inspired for the first time to evangelize to her neighbors. She explained the Protestant concepts of universal priesthood and divine grace, which Sally readily embraced.
The Judson's first neighbor, Daniel McClanahan (misspelled as McLellahan), left his three children (John, Horace, and Norah) in the care of the Judsons after his death. McClanahan's youngest child, Daniel, was left with his Nooksack wife Nina (sister of Chief Seclamatum or Indian Jim). Nina died of pulmonary tuberculosis soon after, however, and Daniel joined his siblings with the Judsons. It would be two years before any White woman other than Judson came to the area.
Lynden.
In 1874 the Judsons turned their home into a post office, with Holden as postmaster. Judson was given the task of naming their settlement. Though Holden had suggested "Judson", she picked "Lynden" (from the previously mentioned poem, which describes a remote village beside to a river), changing the spelling from "Linden" to "Lynden" for visual esthesis. Judson's dream was for her kids to have a wonderful life, and good education. Also she wanted the world to have peace in their heart. 
That same year Judson's youngest brother Henry and their sickly mother Annie came to live with the Judsons (after J. W. Goodell's death) and Holden was elected to the county commission. On the evening of the election a flood wiped out all their livestock, which their son-in-law Eason Ebey replaced with sheep. The following year Judson became ill with typhoid fever and almost died. After her recovery she purchased a spinning wheel and began making wool socks for the bachelors of Lynden, whom she had already been inviting to every Christmas.
The Methodist missionary Charles M. Tate (from Chilliwack, British Columbia), along with the "Captain John", came to Lynden in the late 1870s to proselytize the Nooksacks. Using Judson's house as a mission, Tate taught hymns (including "Shall We Gather at the River?") and preached in Halkomelem (a Coast Salish dialect similar to the Nooksack language), admonishing polygamy and superterranean burial. Chief Seclamatan, Sally, and even the homesteader John Tennant, with his wife, converted to Christianity. When the Washington government offered donation land claims to American Indians, Joe and Seclamatan took individual claims and built houses on their land (see picture to right). Later Tennant would move to Lynden and become the first resident minister, his westernized Lummi wife Clara striking up a friendship with Judson.
The Judsons were instrumental in the development of the early infrastructure of Lynden and Whatcom County. At the request of Judson, Holden enlisted the help of the native Nooksack Indians to remove the Little Jam (which they were only too glad to do), working for three months. After the Little Jam was removed, Holden and Phoebe raised $1,500 to hire a contractor, Judge Plaster, to remove the Big Jam, which he completed in 1877. Judson served breakfast and lunch for the Indian workers on both occasions. In addition, she and Holden blazed the first trail to what is now Fishtrap Creek, then the site of a communal fishtrap.
After Washington's admittance into the Union in 1889, the population of Whatcom County began to rapidly grow. Holden began a business making hoops and poles, striking a contract up with a Seattle firm. The Judsons sold their property, keeping only two acres on the Squahalish Plateau to build a frame house. Realizing how flat the area was, they directed emigrants to build the city of Lynden on the plateau. The Judsons reserved two plots in Lynden: Judson organized the construction of the Northwest Normal School (which, through the efforts of George Judson, became a state institution, eventually moving to Bellingham as Western Washington University); and Holden the Judson Opera House. On March 16, 1891, the city of Lynden was officially incorporated. Holden Judson was elected its first mayor.
Death.
Phoebe Judson outlived all her children except the two eldest, Annie and Bonta. She outlived her siblings, raising their orphaned children Elsie, Edward, Joel, and Don (whom she raised until her death). On October 26, 1899, Holden died at the age of 71.
Judson died on January 16, 1926 of natural causes. The entire city of Lynden was shut down (with stores closed and schools dismissed) on January 18 in honor of her funeral and death.

</doc>
<doc id="19603084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603084" title="Daily Express Building">
Daily Express Building

Daily Express Building is the name used to refer to a series of art-deco buildings commissioned by Beaverbrook Associated Newspapers in the 1930s to house the three offices of the Daily Express newspaper:

</doc>
<doc id="19603092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603092" title="Eric Robertson (athlete)">
Eric Robertson (athlete)

Eric Mackenzie Robertson (12 September 1892 – 1975) was a British marathoner, who competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium. He was born in St. John's, Newfoundland.
Robertson fought and was wounded in World War I. After the war he settled in London. While working in a clothing store some of his co-workers were members of the Polytechnic Harriers, and through them he developed his love of running. In 1920, he travel to Antwerp to cheer on his teammates from the Harriers, who were members of the British team. However, the British team was short one person and his teammates convinced their coach to let Robertson run. His inexperience showed as he finished in last place, 35 minutes behind the second to last place finisher.

</doc>
<doc id="19603117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603117" title="Flodday near Vatersay">
Flodday near Vatersay

Flodday (Scots Gaelic: Flodaigh) is an uninhabited island, south west of Barra in the Western Islands of Scotland.
Geography and geology.
Flodday is one of the Barra Isles, lying one mile west of Sandray. It consists of three parts, with a natural rock arch between the larger two. Facing west there are black cliffs. 
Wildlife.
The island is a small grey seal colony and home to a subspecies of the Dark Green Fritillary butterfly ("Argynnis aglaja scotica").

</doc>
<doc id="19603130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603130" title="The Key to Paradise">
The Key to Paradise

The Key to Paradise () is a 1970 Danish family film directed by Sven Methling and starring Dirch Passer. 

</doc>
<doc id="19603138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603138" title="Nishihara mayoral election, 2008">
Nishihara mayoral election, 2008

Nishihara, Okinawa held a mayoral election on September 7, 2008. Incumbent mayor Seiyu Tarakaki, supported by Liberal Democratic Party and the New Komeito Party, was narrowly defeated by the progressive candidate Akira Uema, supported by all centre, centre-left and left parties.

</doc>
<doc id="19603150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603150" title="Polybutene">
Polybutene

Polybutene and polyisobutylene are liquid oligomers widely used as plasticizers for high-molecular weight polymers, such as polyethylene. They are not to be confused with the high molecular weight polymer polybutene-1.
Properties.
The liquid is clear and colourless, and is sold in many different grades. The grades are determined mainly by molecular weight, with the higher molecular weight grades having increasing viscosity. The oligomer degrades at high temperature (upwards of 350 °C) to form monomer isobutene by chains unzipping from the chain ends.
Production.
Polybutene is similar to but different from polyisobutylene (PIB). Polybutene is typically made from cat cracker mixed C4s (after the stream is Merox treated to remove sulfur and amines, and contain 1-butene, 2-butene, and isobutylene. Ethylene steam cracker C4s are also used as supplemental feed for polybutene. On the other hand, PIB is produced from essentially pure isobutylene made in a C4 complex of a major refinery. The presence of isomers other than isobutylene can have several effects including: 1) lower reactivity due to steric hindrance at the terminal carbon in, e.g., manufacture of polyisobutenyl succinic anhydride (PIBSA) dispersant manufacture; 2) the molecular weight—viscosity relationships of the two materials may also be somewhat different.
The reaction is an acid catalyzed carbocationic polymerization typically using aluminum chloride or hydrogen halide acid such as HF. So called "high reactivity" polybutene or PIB is produced using purified isobutylene feedstock and strong acid catalyst such as HF or HF with promoter.
Structure.
The repeat unit is in case of 1-butene:
-[-CH2-CH(CH2CH3)-]n-
The repeat unit in case of 2-butene is:
-[-CH(CH3)-CH(CH3)-]n- 
One of the end units in the polymer chain contains a double bond, allowing reactivity with other compounds to provide functional chemistry mainly for lubricant additives for engine oils, fuels, and greases.
Oxidation.
But the same double bond makes the molecule sensitive to oxidation when hot liquid is exposed to air. The polymer degradation reaction produces aldehydes and ketones, which are the further oxidised to carboxylic acids. This causes loss of tack and makes the material soluble in water.
Applications.
It is used in two broad areas: 1) as a chemical intermediate for additives used in engine oils, gasoline and greases, and 2) formulations based on its physical performance characteristics. Industrial applications include, sealants, adhesives, extenders for putties used for sealing roofs and windows, coatings, polymer modification, tackified polyethylene films, personal care, polybutene emulsions. Hydrogenated polybutenes are used in a wide variety of cosmetic preparations, such as lipstick and lip gloss. It is used in adhesives owing to its tackiness. In addition it is used as a smoke inhibitor in two stroke engine fuels, where the benefit derives from the polymer decomposing (unzipping) at temperatures below the combustion temperature.

</doc>
<doc id="19603151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603151" title="Bakhira Sanctuary">
Bakhira Sanctuary

The Bakhira Bird Sanctuary is the largest natural flood plain wetland in Sant Kabir Nagar district of Eastern Uttar Pradesh. The sanctuary was established in 1980. It is situated 44 km west of Gorakhpur city. It is a vast stretch of water body expanding over an area of 29 km2. This is an important lake of eastern UP, which provides a wintering and staging ground for a number of migratory waterfowls and a breeding ground for resident birds. The sanctuary is named after the village Bakhira located adjacent to the lake along with as many as hundred and eight villages surrounding the lake within the 5 km radius. The villagers from the surrounding villages depend on the wetland for their livelihood in the form of fishing, agricultural activities and fuelwood collection from it. 
Bird migrations.
Best time to visit to bakhira lake is in winters Nov-Jan. During this time migratory birds from Tibet, China, Europe & Siberia come here, covering about 5000 km. 
Tourism.
By Road-1. Can be accessed via Gorakhpur-Khalilabad (35 km), through NH-28, then 17 km on Khalilabad-Bansi road
2. From Gorakhpur to Sahjanwa (20 km) on NH-28, then 23 km from Sahjanwa to Jaswal Bharwaliya & 3 km from Jaswal Bharwaliya village
By Rail-Nearest railhead Khalilabad on Gorakhpur-Lucknow NER Railway Line
By Air-Gorakhpur Airport 49km 
Attraction.
The Indian Purple moorhen (Porphyrio porphyrio) also called Purple Swamp-hen is one of the beautiful common water birds found in India. A handsome but clumsy purplish blue bird with long red legs and toes, bald red forehead and size resembling the village hen. This bird is a common breeding resident of this sanctuary and is locally coined with the name "Kaima".
There are more than 30 species of fish found in the lake. However the dominant species are Labeo rohita and Chana sp.

</doc>
<doc id="19603166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603166" title="Dead Shot">
Dead Shot

Dead-Shot, Dead Shot, Deadshot", Dead-Shots, Dead Shots, Deadshots" or variant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19603190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603190" title="Tough Guys of the Prairie">
Tough Guys of the Prairie

Tough Guys of the Prairie () is a 1970 Danish comedy film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19603198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603198" title="Garrey Dawson">
Garrey Dawson

Garrey Dawson is a British chef who has appeared on television in the BBC programme Ready Steady Cook.
Career.
Dawson started his career at Pennyhill Park Hotel Bagshot, Surrey. Since then he has worked at Cliveden Hotel & Spa and at Heston Blumenthal's The Fat Duck restaurant, where he helped Blumenthal make the restaurant a 3 Michelin Star rating. In 2004, he bought out Blumenthal's share in the Riverside Brasserie restaurant in Bray which is also part owned by legendary footballer Lee Dixon, where he is head chef and part-owner. In 2006, he was invited to appear on Ready Steady Cook and has become a regular on the programme.
Dawson has also worked on a consultative basis with establishments in and around the Berkshire area,such as Secret Kitchen & Bar which was owned by Gary Goldsmith who is The Duchess of Cambridge's uncle.

</doc>
<doc id="19603218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603218" title="Samaspur Sanctuary">
Samaspur Sanctuary

Samaspur Sanctuary is situated near Salon in Rae Bareli District. Samaspur Bird Sanctuary lies at about 122 km from Lucknow on Lucknow-Varanasi highway. It was established in 1987 on about 780 hectare. 
Samaspur Bird Sanctuary is situated in Rohaniya Development block of the district, about 122 k.m from Lucknow on Lucknow-Varanasi highway. It was established in 1987 on a total area of about 799.371 hectare. Nearest railway station is Unchahar and the nearest airport is Fursatganj, Raebareli.The best period of visit is from November to March. More than 250 varieties of birds can be seen here.Some of the birds come here from a distance of 5000 k.m. which include Greleg Googe, Pin Tail, Common Teel, Vision, Showler, Surkhab etc. Local birds include Comb Duck, Whistling Teel, Spot Bill, Spoon Bill, King Fisher, Vulture etc. Twelve varieties of fish are there in the lake at Samaspur.
Attractions.
Over 250 varieties of birds here include local birds such as comb duck, spot bill, spoon bill, kingfisher and vulture, and migratory birds such as greleg googe, pin tail, common teel, vision, showler and surkhab. The lake at Samaspur has more than twelve kinds of fish.

</doc>
<doc id="19603241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603241" title="Hooray for the Blue Hussars">
Hooray for the Blue Hussars

Hooray for the Blue Hussars () is a 1970 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Emil Hass Christensen.

</doc>
<doc id="19603249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603249" title="Norman Jones (sailor)">
Norman Jones (sailor)

Norman Charles Jones (December 9, 1923 – 1995) was a Canadian-Bermudian sports figure of the 1950s and 1960s, known for participating in sailing events.
A native of Calgary, Alberta, Jones represented Bermuda at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19603252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603252" title="Marginal zone B-cell">
Marginal zone B-cell

Marginal zone B cells are noncirculating mature B cells that segregate anatomically into the marginal zone (MZ) of the spleen. This region contains multiple subtypes of macrophages, dendritic cells, and the MZ B cells; it is not fully formed until 2 to 3 weeks after birth in rodents and 1 to 2 years in humans. The MZ B cells within this region typically express high levels of sIgM, CD21, CD1, CD9 with low to negligible levels of sIgD, CD23, CD5, and CD11b that help to distinguish them phenotypically from follicular (FO) B cells and B1 B cells.
Similar to B1 B cells, MZ B cells can be rapidly recruited into the early adaptive immune responses in a T cell independent manner. The MZ B cells are especially well positioned as a first line of defense against systemic blood-borne antigens that enter the circulation and become trapped in the spleen. It is believed they are especially reactive to bacterial cell wall components and self-antigens which are the products of aging. MZ B cells also display a lower activation threshold than their FO B cell counterparts with heightened propensity for plasma cell differentiation that contributes further to the accelerated primary antibody response.
In specimens where the tyrosine kinase for Pyk-2 has been knocked-out, marginal zone B-cells will fail to develop while B-1 cells will still be present.
MZ B-cells are the only B-cells dependent on NOTCH2 signaling for proliferation.

</doc>
<doc id="19603263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603263" title="D75">
D75

D75 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19603268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603268" title="Where Is the Body, Moeller?">
Where Is the Body, Moeller?

Where Is the Body, Moeller? () is a 1971 Danish comedy film directed by Preben Kaas and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19603284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603284" title="1941 VFL Grand Final">
1941 VFL Grand Final

The 1941 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Melbourne Football Club and Essendon Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne on 27 September 1941. It was the 45th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1940 VFL season. The match, attended by 79,687 spectators, was won by Melbourne by a margin of 29 points, marking that club's fifth premiership victory.
By claiming their third successive premiership, Melbourne joined Carlton and Collingwood as the only clubs to achieve the feat.
Melbourne's team was understrength as they had been depleted by the war. Syd Anderson, Harold Ball, Ron Barassi and Keith Truscott, who were members of the previous season's premiership, missed the Grand Final as they were serving their country and would all lose their lives.
There were sets of brothers on each team, with the Cordner brothers of Melbourne taking on the Reynolds brothers of Essendon.

</doc>
<doc id="19603289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603289" title="Follicular B cell">
Follicular B cell

Follicular B cells (FO B cells) are a type of B cell that reside in primary and secondary lymphoid follicles (containing germinal centers) of secondary and tertiary lymphoid organs, including spleen and lymph nodes. 
Mature B cells from the spleen can be divided into two main populations: FO B cells, which constitute the majority, and marginal zone B-cells, lining outside the marginal sinus and bordering the red pulp. 
FO B cells express high levels of IgM, IgD, and CD23; lower levels of CD21; and no CD1 or CD5, readily distinguishing this compartment from B1 B cells and marginal zone B-cells . FO B cells organize into the primary follicles of B cell zones focused around follicular dendritic cells in the white pulp of the spleen and the cortical areas of peripheral lymph nodes. Multiphoton-based live imaging of lymph nodes indicate continuous movement of FO B cells within these follicular areas at velocities of ~6 µm per min. Recent studies indicate movement along the processes of FDC as a guidance system for mature resting B cells in peripheral lymph nodes. Unlike their MZ counterpart, FO B cells freely recirculate, comprising >95% of the B cells in peripheral lymph nodes.
The BCR repertoire of the follicular B cell compartment also appears under positive selection pressures during final maturation in the spleen. However, diversity is substantially broader than B1 B and MZ B cell compartments. More importantly, FO B cells require CD40-CD40L dependent T cell help to promote effective primary immune responses and antibody isotype switch and to establish high-affinity B cell memory.

</doc>
<doc id="19603294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603294" title="Walter Jones (sailor)">
Walter Jones (sailor)

Walter James Jones (born January 16, 1926 in Calgary, Alberta, Canada) was a Bermudian sailor. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19603295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603295" title="Tony Singh (director)">
Tony Singh (director)

Tony Singh is an Indian television director, producer and actor. He own the 'DJ's Creative Unit' Television production house, with and Deeya Singh., which first made name with "Banegi Apni Baat" (1993–1997) on Zee TV and "Just Mohabbat" (1996–2000) on Sony TV, but got most noted for their hit series, "Jassi Jaissi Koi Nahin" (2003–2006), which got them instant fame.
His works as a director include the television series "Banegi Apni Baat", "Just Mohabbat", "Jassi Jaissi Koi Nahin", "Jabb Love Hua", "Left Right Left", "Jhoome Jiiya Re", "Choti Bahu", "Bhaskar Bharti", "Baat Hamari Pakki Hai", "Rehne Woh Nahi Kabhi Agay Hai","" & "Dharampatni". All of these are in collaboration with Deeya Singh. The latest shows to be produced by Tony and Deeya Singh are "Choti Bahu 2" & "Parvarrish - Kuchh Khattee Kuchh Meethi" .

</doc>
<doc id="19603302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603302" title="Buck Owens discography">
Buck Owens discography

The discography of Buck Owens, an American country music artist, consists of 39 studio albums, 16 compilation albums, 9 live albums, 97 singles, and 12 B-sides. After recording under the name Corky Jones, and releasing a string of singles in the mid-1950s, Owens signed a recording contract with Capitol Records in February 1957.
After releasing a series of singles over four years, Owens issued his first studio album in 1961 entitled, "Buck Owens Sings Harlan Howard," which included the #2 country hit, "Foolin' Around." In 1962, Owens's second effort, "You're for Me", would also gain success after spawning three major hits, which would be followed by 1963's "On the Bandstand". The songs "Act Naturally" and "Love's Gonna Live Here", released from his album "The Best of Buck Owens" (1963), would become the first of 21 number one singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. The songs set the trend for a series of Top 10 hits on the "Billboard" country chart, including 13 number one singles, including "I've Got a Tiger By the Tail", "Buckaroo" and "Open Up Your Heart".
During the 1960s and 1970s, Owens also issued a string of live albums, beginning with "Carnegie Hall Concert" (1966), which reached #1 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. This was followed by 1967's "In Japan!", "Buck Owens in London "Live"" (1969), and "Buck Owens Live in Scandinavia" (1970). He had major hits in 1970 and 1971 with "The Kansas City Song", "I Wouldn't Live in New York City (If They Gave Me the Whole Damn Town)", "Bridge Over Troubled Water", "Ruby (Are You Mad)" and "Rollin' in My Sweet Baby's Arms". During this time, Owens also collaborated with upcoming country artist Susan Raye on the albums "We're Gonna Get Together" (1970) and "The Great White Horse" (1970). Owens continued to record under Capitol until his contract expired in 1975 with the release of "41st Street Lonely Heart's Club."
In 1975, Owens signed with Warner Bros. Records and began recording in Nashville, Tennessee. He gained less creative control of his material, and his singles peaked in gradually lower chart positions. He issued two albums under the label: "Buck 'Em" (1976) and "Our Old Mansion" (1977). In 1979, his duet with Emmylou Harris, "Play Together Again, Again", reached number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. After leaving the label at the beginning of the 1980s, Owens semi-retired from the music business, but returned with Dwight Yoakam in 1988 for the duet "Streets of Bakersfield". The song became his first number one single since 1972's "Made in Japan", providing Owens a comeback. With the success of the single, Owens returned to recording under Capitol with 1988's "Hot Dog", "Act Naturally" (1989), and "Kickin' In" (1991).

</doc>
<doc id="19603305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603305" title="Head Lake (Kawartha Lakes)">
Head Lake (Kawartha Lakes)

Head Lake is a lake in the city of Kawartha Lakes, in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is located between Uphill to the west and Norland to the east. Kawartha Lakes Road 45 (formerly Highway 503) follows the southern and western shoreline of the lake. The community of Head Lake is located on the southern shore of the lake.
The lake is in the Great Lakes Basin and is about wide and long. The primary inflow, at the northeast, and outflow, at the northwest, is the Head River. The Head River flows via the Black River and the Severn River to Georgian Bay on Lake Huron.

</doc>
<doc id="19603313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603313" title="London 1862 chess tournament">
London 1862 chess tournament

An international chess tournament was held in London, during the second British world exhibition, in 1862. Fourteen players participated in the main chess event from 16 June to 28 June 1862. They played at the St. George's Club, St. James's Club and Divan. All-play-all and time controls were novelties for a big tournament. Twenty-four moves had to be played in two hours. Time was measured with hourglasses. Draws did not count and had to be replayed (indicated by "r" in the table below).
The prizes were won by Adolf Anderssen (£100), Louis Paulsen (£50), John Owen (£30), George Alcock MacDonnell (£15), Serafino Dubois (£10) and Wilhelm Steinitz (£5) who was awarded the brilliancy prize for his win over Augustus Mongredien.
The final results and standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19603319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603319" title="Christian Isobel Johnstone">
Christian Isobel Johnstone

Christian Isobel Johnstone (1781–1857) was a prolific journalist and author in Scotland in the nineteenth century. She was a significant early feminist and an advocate of other liberal causes in her era.
She was likely the Christian Todd who was born on 12 June 1781 in the Edinburgh parish of St. Cuthbert. She married at the age of sixteen, to an Edinburgh printer named Thomas McCleish; they separated in 1805, and she divorced him in 1814. Christian married John Johnstone, a Dunfermline schoolmaster turned Edinburgh printer, in June 1815.
Christian Isobel Johnstone wrote a number of popular fiction works in three and four volumes, for adults and juvenile readers. Her novel "Clan-Albin: A National Tale" (1815) was perhaps her best-known work; she also wrote "The Saxon and the Gaël" (1814), and "her best novel," "Elizabeth de Bruce" (1827), among other titles. Johnstone also wrote non-fiction books on a range of subjects, like "Scenes of Industry Displayed in the Beehive and the Anthill" (1827) and "The Lives and Voyages of Drake, Cavendish, and Dampier" (1831). These books, like most of Johnstone's volumes, were printed anonymously. Her "The Cook and Housewife's Manual" (1826) was issued under the pseudonym Margaret Dods. It was only late in her life, as with "The Edinburgh Tales" (1846), that she was identified by name on her title pages.
She and her second husband started and ran several periodicals – "The Schoolmaster", "The Edinburgh Weekly Magazine", and others. In 1832, the year of the first Reform Bill, the Johnstones founded "Johnstone's Edinburgh Magazine" as a voice for the causes they favored. The periodical struggled financially, and in 1834 it was combined with another new journal, "Tait's Magazine". (The Johnstones insisted that the cover price of "Tait's" be cut by more than half, to 1 shilling per copy, to make the magazine available to the widest possible audience.) Isobel Johnstone continued as a major contributor to "Tait's", and in effect served as the magazine's editor under publisher William Tait; she was "the first woman to serve as paid editor of a major Victorian periodical..."

</doc>
<doc id="19603328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603328" title="Haiying">
Haiying

Haiying may represent:

</doc>
<doc id="19603336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603336" title="Melita Ruhn">
Melita Ruhn

Melita Ruhn (born 19 April 1965 in Sibiu, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast who represented Romania at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
She won three Olympic medals (team, vault, uneven bars) for Romania and scored a perfect ten for the vault optionals in the team competition of the 1980 Olympic Games. In 1979 she was a member of the first world gold medal winning team of Romania. She is also an all around and floor world bronze medalist.
Career.
Ruhn started gymnastics at Sport School Club Sibiu with coach Kristl Voiculescu and Nicolae Buzoianu. Later she trained with the national team in Deva under coach Béla Károlyi. Her first major international competition was the 1979 European Championships in Copenhagen where she placed fifth in the all-around final event.
Together with Nadia Comăneci, Rodica Dunca, Emilia Eberle, Dumitriţa Turner and Marilena Vlădărău, Ruhn was a member of the gold-winning team at the 1979 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. This was the first time that Romania won the team event at the world championships and the second time the Soviet team had not won the world or the Olympic title since 1952. Melita did all the four events and contributed with a difficult and risky routine on the uneven bars. Individually she won the bronze medals in the all around and in the floor event and placed seventh on vault and eighth on balance beam.
In 1980 she was a member of the silver-winning Romanian team at the 1980 Olympic Games. She revealed for a newspaper that just before the Moscow Olympics she fractured her ankle. The ankle was put in a cast, and coach Károlyi took it off before the vault event. She scored a 10 and the cast was placed back on her ankle. Besides winning silver with the team she won the bronze medal on vault and on uneven bars. The bronze on the uneven bars was a tie with Steffi Kraker and Maria Filatova.
Post retirement.
Ruhn retired from competitive gymnastics in 1982, when she was 17. She finished high school in her native Sibiu and left for Bucharest in 1984. She went to the sports university there, while also competing for her home club of CSS Sibiu for a short period. After she graduated from college, she had a boyfriend, who emigrated to Germany with his family in 1988. They wanted to get married but the Romanian communist government only gave them their approval two years later, so she only managed to leave Romania in 1990. In Germany she stayed for the first three months in a refugee camp near Nürnberg sharing the same room with six people. Then she was allowed to move in together with her boyfriend. The former gymnast started working as a custodian.

</doc>
<doc id="19603351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603351" title="Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 45">
Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 45

Site 45 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome is a launch site used by Zenit rockets. It consists of two pads, one of which is still in use. It has been the launch site for all Soviet and Russian government Zenit launches, along with a commercial launch conducted for Globalstar in 1998, and continuing commercial launches under the Land Launch programme. The main pad at the site is area 45/1, which was completed in 1983 following five years of construction. A second pad, area 45/2, was completed in 1990, but was destroyed by a launch failure in the same year.
The first launch from site 45, using pad 1, occurred on 13 April 1985. This was a sub-orbital test flight of the Zenit-2, and the maiden flight of the Zenit rocket. The launch failed, and was followed up with a second, successful, test flight launched at 08:21 GMT on 21 June 1985. Whilst this launch was also intended to be suborbital, some debris from the launch reached low Earth orbit. The first launch from pad 2 occurred on 22 May 1990, when a Zenit-2 successfully orbited a Tselina-2 ELINT satellite. On the next launch, also from pad 2, the first stage RD-171 engine failed five seconds after launch and the rocket fell back onto the launch pad from a height of about . The resulting explosion completely destroyed the launch pad, and was reported to have lifted a 1,000 tonne metal structure 20 metres into the air, and to have caused significant damage to lighting towers 100 metres from the pad. Zenit launches resumed from pad 1 around ten months later, pad 2 was not rebuilt.
On 29 June 2007, the first Zenit-2M was launched from pad 1, followed by the first Zenit-3SLB on 28 April 2008.
Facilities to support manned launches were built at both pads. These included large mobile access towers, which would have allowed the crew to board a spacecraft on top of the rocket. These towers were never used. The tower at area 45/1 is still intact, and the tower at area 45/2 is still standing, but was heavily damaged in the October 1990 explosion. The towers are not used in unmanned launch operations, as all systems are automated, and no access to the rocket is required.

</doc>
<doc id="19603361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603361" title="Suhelva Sanctuary">
Suhelva Sanctuary

Suhelva Sanctuary is 60 KM from Balrampur in Uttar Pradesh. It is famous for its Tiger, Cheetal, Leopard, Bear, Boar, Wild cat & Birds.

</doc>
<doc id="19603380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603380" title="Joseph Scott (merchant)">
Joseph Scott (merchant)

Joseph Scott (before 1749 – September 29, 1800) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1759 to 1760.
Scott served as quartermaster in the 67th Foot and came to Halifax with Edward Cornwallis in 1749. He established himself as a merchant there, also operating a sawmill in Sackville. In 1752, he was named justice of the peace and judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas. Two years later, he was appointed lumber surveyor. He also served as paymaster for the garrison at Halifax from 1761 to 1763. Scott married Margaret Ramsey Cottnam in 1763 and built the Scott Manor House beside Fort Sackville on land he received from his brother George Scott. He died in Sackville.

</doc>
<doc id="19603396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603396" title="Dugges Ale och Porterbryggeri">
Dugges Ale och Porterbryggeri

Dugges Ale- & Porterbryggeri "(Dugge's Ale & Porter Brewery)" is a microbrewery situated in Mölndal outside Gothenburg, Sweden. The brewery was started in 2005 by Mikael Dugge Engström and is focused on top-fermented beers, influenced by US micro breweries. The ales are brewed with lots of hops, such as Chinook, that gives them a strong and pleasant aroma. The brewery is very active in inventing new types of beer and usually has many test batches for sale.
The brewery has won several medals in competitions. For instance gold medal at the Stockholm Beer & Whiskey Festival. 
In 2007 the brewery purchased a bottling machine in addition to previously sold barrels. The beer is sold at several bars and restaurants in Sweden as well as at Systembolaget.

</doc>
<doc id="19603429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603429" title="Ferrocarril Alcoy Gandia">
Ferrocarril Alcoy Gandia

Ferrocarril Alcoy Gandía was a Spanish railway line in operation from 1892 
up until 1969. It was also known as "la chicharra" (Spanish) or "xitxarra" (Valencian).
History.
The rail operator, founded in 1882 was the English company Alcoy y Gandía Rail and Harbour Co Ltd, with offices both in Alcoi and London. Several investments of this type were made by English companies in Spain during the late 19th century, and typically in smaller cities. In this case, the main motive for the investments were to promote export of coal from England to the growing industry of Alcoi. 
Railway construction was supervised by the English company Ravel Lucien Company.
The maiden voyage took place July 18, 1892.
The line had connections with the Railway Company Villena to Alcoy and Yecla (V.A.Y.) 
sharing material and facilities, according to a Contract signed on 13 October in 1908. 
The total length of the line was 53,355 m, with a height of 530 m between Alcoy and Gandia.
Stations.
The stations and halts were located in the towns of: Puerto de Gandia - Gandia harbour (0 km); Gandia (3 km); Almoines (7 km); Beniarjó (9 km); Potríes (11 km); Villalonga (14 km); Lorcha (27 km); Beniarrés (34 km); Gayanes (37 km); Muro de Alcoy (43 km); Cocentaina (46 km); Alcoy (53 km).
Locomotives.
The locomotive park consisted of 8 type 1-3-1 steam locomotives 
manufactured in Manchester by the firm Beyer & Peacock between 1890 and 
1891. Each locomotive was named after a station.
Locomotive number 2 "Villalonga" has been preserved in the parc in Al-Azraq of Alcoy, 
which was the terminus of the line. Locomotive number 7, "Cocentaina" is in the parc of the station of Gandía.
Museum.
There is museum in Almoines, run by Asociación Tren Alcoy-Gandía. The current chairman José Morales and the current secretary is Isidro Ferrando.

</doc>
<doc id="19603440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603440" title="Vijai Sagar Sanctuary">
Vijai Sagar Sanctuary

Vijai Sagar Sanctuary is located in Mahoba District of Uttar Pradesh. Vijai Sagar Wildlife Sanctuary was founded in 1990.
Getting there.
The nearest railway and bus stations are located at Mahoba about 4 km from the sanctuary.
Attractions.
Jackal, mongoose, wildcat and various local and migratory birds occupy the 3 km2 of area. The ideal time to visit is from December to February.

</doc>
<doc id="19603456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603456" title="EDay">
EDay

eDay is an annual New Zealand initiative, started by Computer Access New Zealand (CANZ), aimed to raise awareness of the potential dangers associated with electronic waste and to offer the opportunity for such waste to be disposed of in an environmentally friendly fashion.
History.
eDay was first held in Wellington in 2006, as a pilot sponsored by Dell, the event bought in of old computers, mobile phones and other non-biodegradable electronic material. In 2007 the initiative was extended to cover 12 locations, which resulted in it becoming a national initiative, were collected. 
eDay 2008 was held on October 4 and extended to 32 centres. In 2009 an estimated was collected at 38 locations around the country.
Purpose.
The initiative was started to minimise the amount of electronic waste being disposed on in landfills, based on evidence from reports that there was an estimated 16 million electronic devices in use in New Zealand and that 1 million new devices were being introduced every year, the report found that the majority of these devices were being disposed in landfills rather than being recycled. A separate report found that half of New Zealand schools did not recycle outdated and replaced equipment, opting instead to deposit it in landfills. When disposed in landfills there is a possibility of the harmful chemicals in the electronic equipment, such as mercury, lead and cadmium, contaminating groundwater and coming into contact with humans or animals, the toxins in the chemicals are capable of causing serious health issues, such as nervous system and brain damage. When recycled, the chemicals are disposed of safely and potentially valuable parts can be reused.
Initiative.
On the day, drive-thru collection points are established and volunteers operate each centre. Businesses, schools and the public are encouraged to dispose of old computer hardware, mobile phones and printer cartridges. As well as collecting material, the initiative is also designed to increase awareness about the harmful effects of electronic waste.
Acclaim.
CANZ were awarded the New Zealand Ministry for the Environment 2008 Green Ribbon Award for Community action and involvement.
In 2009 CANZ won the Outstanding Industry Initiative in the PricewaterhouseCoopers Hi-Tech Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19603466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603466" title="Kunihar">
Kunihar

Kunihar ("princely state") is a valley situated between the mountains in the Solan district, which is also known as "Hatkot" and "Choti Vilayat." Kunihar a small valley, surrounded by a small river (translated as Kuni Khudd) in shape of garland (translated as Har) so he named it "Kunihar" during his visit.
Location.
Kunihar is situated 42 km from Shimla (going on the way to the Jubarhatti Airport) and 40 km from Solan (going via Subathu).
History.
Kunihar was founded in 1154 by Abhoj Dev, a Raghubansi rajput from Akhnoor in Jammu.
Kanshiram: A forgotten freedom fighter 
by Shriniwas Joshi
When Thomas Gray wrote, “Full many a gem of purest ray serene, / The dark unfathomed caves of ocean bear / Full many a flower is born to blush unseen / And waste its sweetness on the desert air”, he, probably, was writing for men like Kanshiram of princely state of Kunihar who fought for the freedom of the people from the bondage of the Rana (prince), but remained bereft of recognition by the state though people doted on him.
Now, Narendra Arun has brought out a book on the life of Babu Kanshiram and his struggle against the Rana of Kunihar.
Kanshiram was born at Namol village of Kunihar princely state in January 1874 from the second wife of Hazari Lal. There was no school there, therefore, Kanshiram had to go to Shimla to complete his upper primary school education from Church Mission School. That was the end of his education, but Kunihar was proud of him as he was the most qualified person there at that time. He had a good command of the English language.
How did he come from Kunihar to Shimla to settle here?
When settlement operations of land were going on in Kunihar during 1922-23, Ran Singh and Jog Raj, the blue-eyed boys of Rana Hardev Singh (1917-1964), distributed cultivable land to their favourites, mostly undeserving persons; and fallows to deserving farmers. Kanshiram raised his voice against the injustice and was supported by his wife, Shiv Devi, daughter of Ram Dayal of Khanol village. When Rana did not pay any heed to the peaceful but the strong voices, the agitation took bolder shape. It swelled from hearth to hearth under the leadership of Kanshiram. Shiv Devi buoyed up her husband (see photo). The Rana wanted to crush the agitation with might. Kanshiram was arrested, handcuffed and fettered and was compelled to face court-sittings at night. Shiv Devi was also summoned often. Ravindra Thakur, grandson of the freedom fighter, said Shiv Devi had confessed that the wife of Rana Hardev Singh, Laladi Kumari (Saaj Rani), was caring and sympathetic towards the cause for which Kanshiram was fighting and used to clandestinely send food for him in the prison. The landlords of Kunihar wrote a letter to the Deputy Commissioner-cum-Superintendent of the Hill States on December 31, 1924, an extract of which is: “During the settlement operations, certain irregularities affecting our rights of ownership of land were noticed and we submitted our objections for the same on March 5, 1923, personally as well as through our spokesperson Babu Kanshiram”.
To this, C King, the then political assistant commissioner, said the superintendent of the Hill States did not recognise Kanshiram as their spokesperson. They felt defrauded and a petition signed by 19 landlords was sent stating that Kanshiram was their spokesperson. The petition was accepted. At Kunihar, the Rana could feel the wind flowing differently and so decided to banish Kanshiram from the state. He gave him options either to go to Ambala Central Jail or to settle in Shimla with a promise of never to return to Kunihar. He went for the second option so that he could fight from Shimla for the cause of freedom for the people of Kunihar. The Rana asked him to come to Danav Dev temple near the ‘Talab’ in Kunihar at dawn and there in the presence of the ‘Devta’, Kanshiram was forced to take pledge of never to return to Kunihar and leave for Shimla that very moment. He left instantly, but continued his agitation against Rana from Shimla, while keeping his promise of not going back to his beloved village. Hard of hearing by 1947, he could read from a slate that India was Independent. Soon after, he died in peace and cremated near Bihar village in Shimla.
Tailpiece
“Ah! Not for idle hatred, not for honour, fame, nor self applause, But for the glory of the cause, you did, what will not be forgot”.
— Arthur Clough 

</doc>
<doc id="19603484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603484" title="Khalid Abdulrahman">
Khalid Abdulrahman

Khalid Abdulrahman AdDosari () (born April 22, 1965 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia) is a Saudi singer, musician, and songwriter. He is nicknamed "makhawi al-layl" (مخاوي الليل) which means the friend of night. He regarded the night as his close friend because he used to stay up late writing poems in the night silence. He is one of the region’s most popular vocalists alongside Mohammed Abdu, Abdul Majid Abdullah and Rashed Al-Majed. Unlike most singers, he gained fame from his first album, sarihini (Arabic: صارحيني) (tell me the truth), which was the beginning of a series of successful albums. He gained a large number of fans in a short period of time. So, he successfully competed with popular singers in the Arab world. He got a number of nicknames like mulek alfun (Arabic: مللك الفن) (king of music), and al-general (Arabic: الجنرال) (The General).
He started singing in 1987. Some of his top songs are ahat (Arabic: آهات), sarihini (Arabic صارحيني), sudiqini (Arabic صدقيني), khuberooh (خبروه), tedhkar (Arabic تذكار), and al-ata (Arabic العطا). He released his last album Rouh Rouhey () (Soul of my Soul) in 2008. It contains 8 songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19603516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603516" title="Sulfurylase">
Sulfurylase

Sulfurylase may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19603539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603539" title="100s BC">
100s BC

100s BC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19603544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603544" title="Josef Altin">
Josef Altin

Josef Altin (born 12 February 1983) is an English TV series and film actor who has the role of Pypar in the HBO fantasy TV series "Game of Thrones". Other notable performances is his role as Ekrem in "Eastern Promises" and his roles in "The Bill", "Peep Show" and Casualty. He starred in D.C. Moore's hit play "The Empire" at the Royal Court Theatre in London.
Life and career.
Altin was born in London. His first appearance in a television series was his role as Gary in the drama series Psychos. His first appearance on a major British television series came in 2004 when he played a waiter, over the years, Altin has appeared on The Bill several times in different roles, from 2006–2007, he was Jay Henderson and in 2009 he played Peter Balmaine. After his appearance on The Bill he became a somewhat sought after actor and received many more roles over the coming years, performing for both television series and films multiple times a year.
In 2007, Altin appeared in two films, the first of which being Boy A, where he played Bully and what is perhaps his biggest budget film he has starred in, Eastern Promises, where he played Ekrem.
He has also appeared in other big television series including Peep Show, Doctors, Robin Hood, Casualty, Little Miss Jocelyn, New Tricks, Being Human, Misfits and Law & Order.
Altin also plays the role of Pypar, commonly called Pyp, in the HBO fantasy TV series Game of Thrones. In season one, he is a recurring character when he befriends Kit Harington's Jon Snow. In season two however, Pyp remains at Castle Black while his friends are Beyond the Wall, making Altin in more of a guest star role.

</doc>
<doc id="19603602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603602" title="Newburgh Hamilton">
Newburgh Hamilton

Newburgh Hamilton (1691–1761) was born in County Tyrone, Ireland and entered Trinity College, Dublin, in 1708, aged sixteen, but (as was common in those days) he left without obtaining a degree. He is known to have been Handel’s librettist for three works: Alexander’s Feast (1736), Samson (1743) and the Occasional Oratorio (1746). In writing the libretto for Handel’s "Samson" (1743), he followed John Milton's "Samson Agonistes" rather than creating it from the story found in the Book of Judges. His comedy "The Petticoat-Plotter" was presented at Drury Lane on 5 June 1712 and "The Doating Lovers; or, the Libertine" was premièred at Lincoln's Inn Fields Theatre on 23 June 1715. 
His work is discussed in Terence Tobin, "Plays by Scots 1660-1800" (University of Iowa Press, 1974) and by Adrienne Scullion in Bill Findlay, "A History of Scottish Theatre" (Edinburgh: Polygon, 1998)

</doc>
<doc id="19603608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603608" title="Firoz Shah">
Firoz Shah

Commander Firoz Shah () (7 January 1914 – 6 August 2007), SI (M) was the second principal of Cadet College Petaro, one of the earliest public schools built in Pakistan back in 1957. He joined the Royal Navy in undivided India in 1938 and fought during the Second World War as a part of the British war machine. He was awarded the coveted Sitara-e-Imtiaz award by the Government of Pakistan in 2007 for his meritorious services to Cadet College Petaro
Education and early life.
Firoz Shah was born on 7 January 1914 at Pind Dadan Khan near Chakwal, Jhelum District, Punjab. He graduated from the Punjab University, Kitchener's College, Nowgong (in undivided India). Subsequently, he graduated from the Royal Navy College in London.
He married Sughra on 24 November 1940. They had three children: two sons (Shafqat and Sajjad) and one daughter. His wife Sughra expired in 1996.
Career in the Navy.
Shah joined the Royal Navy in 1938 in undivided India and served under the British command until 1947. He also fought the Second World War under the British flag. 
When Pakistan was created in August 1947, Firoz Shah became a de facto member of the Pakistan Navy and moved to Karachi. After 18 years of meritorious service under the Pakistani flag, he retired from the Pakistan Navy in 1965 as a Commander. Of these 18 years, he served as the Director of Education in Pakistan Navy for 12 years. He was recognized as a key educationist. All of the educational institutions of the Pakistan Navy were under his supervision.
Cadet College Petaro.
Upon his retirement from the Navy, the Board of Governors of Cadet College Petaro chose Shah to relieve Col. J.H.H. Coombes as the Principal of the college on 10 June 1965. He then ruled over Petaro for 7 years until his retirement on 14 March 1972.
Along with his predecessor Col. J.H.H. Coombes, Shah is recognized as a pioneer in the development of Cadet College Petaro and its institutions. During his period the college gained a nationwide reputation and most of its infrastructure was completed. The college also rose up to its heights in academics and nationwide sports achievements.
In terms of infrastructure developments, the Provision of Sui gas to Petaro was a very important event as it made life much easier. Other infrastructure improvements included construction of the boundary wall, main gate, tennis courts, squash courts, expansion of riding club, shooting range, grassy hockey field, extension of dining hall, trees along all roads, orchards, agriculture farm, guest house for visiting parents and VIPs, etc. 
With better infrastructure, the number of students increased from 350 to 600 and seventh class was introduced on an experimental basis for Sindhis. Two new houses (Iqbal and Qasim) were built. The Board of Governors permitted introduction of pre-medical classes at the Intermediate level in addition to the pre-engineering section. 
Among the greatest achievements was on the sports side. The college won most of its trophies during Shah’s tenure. The "President’s Shield" donated by late President Ayub Khan used to be given to the college winning the ICCST (Inter Cadet Colleges Sports Tournament). Petaro won the shield and the championship for four consecutive years (1968–71), gaining the right to keep the shield permanently. 
In terms of career development, the college saw a surge in interest by cadets who wanted to join the armed forces. Selection into Services Academies increased dramatically as a result of special training introduced. A Flying Club was also started with the patronage of PAF who provided a glider and necessary staff. 
Shah’s tenure also saw development of Staff and Employees Welfare projects. It led to an increase in staff members, additional House Masters, allowances sanction, courses for higher qualifications in UK, staff club improvements, additional housing, and permission to sons of staff members to join college. Subsidies were given to employee for Sui gas connections, food, transport for colony children attending school in Hyderabad, and a Welfare Fund. 
Firoz Shah left Cadet College Petaro while the country was going through a difficult time: Pakistan had just gone through a war with India and was dismembered. With the invasion of East Pakistan by India and the formation of Bangladesh, the country was going through a great shock. A few months later, Shah was forced into retirement from the college on 14 March 1972.
Firoz Shah’s services to the college have been recorded and remembered at every major function held at Cadet College Petaro. Along with Col. J.H.H. Coombes, he is considered to be a legend and a great hero for the sake of education in Pakistan.
Later life.
Cdr. Firoz Shah moved to his ancestral village of Baghanwala which is a part of Pind Dadan Khan after his retirement, and spent two and a half decades of his life in development projects and uplift of that rural area. He was engaged in farming and social activities, including magisterial duties, local bodies, establishing a girls' primary school at the farm, provision of electricity and a roads infrastructure to the village and the adjacent localities.
He then moved to Islamabad to live with his younger son in the mid-1990s. In 2002, Shah moved to Karachi and spent his last few years there until his death on 6 August 2007. His body was transported home to Baghanwala. He is buried near the grave of his wife, Sughra.
The government of Pakistan honoured Cdr. Firoz Shah for his meritorious services and awarded him the coveted Sitara-e-Imtiaz national award. It was given to his sons a few weeks after Shah's death in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19603610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603610" title="Alexander's Feast (Dryden)">
Alexander's Feast (Dryden)

"Alexander's Feast, or the Power of Music" (1697) is an ode by John Dryden. It was written to celebrate Saint Cecilia's Day. Jeremiah Clarke set the original ode to music, however the score is now lost.
The main body of the poem describes the feast given by Alexander the Great at the Persian capital Persepolis, after his defeat of Darius. Alexander's bard Timotheus sings praises of him. Alexander's emotions are manipulated by the singer's poetry and music. Timotheus glorifies him as a god, puffing up Alexander's pride. He then sings of the pleasures of wine, encouraging Alexander to drink. Seeing Alexander becoming too boisterous, he sings of the sad death of Darius; the king becomes quiet. He then lauds the beauty of Thaïs, Alexander's lover, making the king's heart melt. Finally, he encourages feelings of anger and vengeance, causing Thaïs and Alexander to burn down the Persian palace in revenge for Persia's previous outrages against Greece. 
The poem then moves ahead in time to describe Saint Cecilia, "inventress of the vocal frame", who is traditionally supposed to have created the first organ and to have instituted Christian sacred music. The poem concludes that while Timotheus "Raised a mortal to the skies, / She drew an angel down".
George Frideric Handel composed a choral work, also called "Alexander's Feast", set to a libretto by Newburgh Hamilton which was closely based on the ode by Dryden.

</doc>
<doc id="19603615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603615" title="200s BC">
200s BC

200s BC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19603620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603620" title="Norman Reid (museum director)">
Norman Reid (museum director)

Sir Norman Robert Reid (27 December 1915 – 17 December 2007) was an arts administrator and painter and was the Director of the Tate Gallery from 1964 to 1979
Early life.
Norman Reid was born in Dulwich, London, and was the son of a shoemaker. He was educated at Wilson's Grammar School and won a scholarship to the Edinburgh College of Art, where he studied in the late 1930s and was taught by William Gillies. Later, Reid received a degree in English at Edinburgh University. Reid enlisted in 1939 in the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders at the start of Second World War. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the same regiment on 2 August 1941. He transferred to the Royal Artillery on 1 November 1941, and later served in Italy. Reid left the Army in 1946 with the rank of major. In 1941, Reid married Jean Lindsay Bertram, whom he met while they were students at the Edinburgh College of Art.
Tate gallery.
Reid joined the Tate Gallery in 1946 having heard that it was under-staffed, and became the right-hand man of the then Director, John Rothenstein, becoming deputy director in 1954 and keeper in 1959. He was appointed Director when Rothenstein retired in 1964.
A much needed expansion of the Gallery, the 'North East Quadrant', was built in 1979 during Reid's directorship, vastly increasing the Tate's exhibition space. Reid also strengthened the Collection, especially in the area of early twentieth-century European art, acquiring outstanding works by artists including Pablo Picasso, Giacometti, Henri Matisse, Constantin Brâncuși, Piet Mondrian, and Salvador Dalí. During Reid's Directorship the Tate staged a number of ground-breaking exhibitions, including an early presentation of Gilbert and George's "Living Statues". 
In 1972, the Tate purchased "Equivalent VIII", a 1966 work by American sculptor Carl Andre which consisted of a stack of 120 ready-made fire bricks. When a journalist discovered the sculpture listed in the Tate's Biennial Report of 1972–74 the matter was picked up by numerous British newspapers, with the subsequent hostility causing great embarrassment to Reid, who defended the purchase and the Curators who had made it. However, the case dogged Reid for the rest of his period as Director.
Reid also increased the Tate's earlier collections, launching a successful fund-raising drive in 1977 to acquire "Haymakers" and "Reapers" by George Stubbs. 
The strong personal relationships he forged with artists (he himself had trained as a painter), also led to important works being donated to the Gallery. Mark Rothko's Seagram Mural, and work by Barbara Hepworth (Reid later acted as one of her executors), Ben Nicholson, Naum Gabo and Henry Moore were all gifted to the Tate largely as a result of the personal respect the artists had for Reid. He established the gallery's conservation department, the Exhibitions and Education department, and was involved in founding the Friends of the Tate, the American Friends of the Tate, and the charity Paintings in Hospitals. Reid is widely regarded as the foremost of the Tate's Directors, having developed the gallery into "an international museum of the first rank".
Honours and awards.
Reid was an active member of the conservation committees of the International Council of Museums (ICOM), and worked to encourage young conservators as this new profession emerged. Reid served on numerous advisory bodies and committees. He was Secretary-General of the International Institute for Conservation from 1963 to 1965 and a Vice-President from 1966 to 1980. He served as the British representative on the Committee on Museums and Galleries of Modern Art (1963–1979), and was a member of the Arts Council of Great Britain Art Panel (1964–1974) and of the Institute of Contemporary Arts Advisory Panel from 1965.
He was also on the Contemporary Art Society Committee from 1965 to 1977, and served for 12 years on the British Council Fine Arts Committee, acting as its chairman from 1968 to 1975. He was a member of the Paul Mellon Centre's 
advisory council (1971–1978), and was a trustee of the Graham and Kathleen Sutherland Foundation from 1980 to 1985.[http://archiver.rootsweb.ancestry.com/th/read/WORLD-OBITS/2007-12/1198414787]
He was awarded various honorary degrees and orders, while his own paintings are exhibited in the Scottish Gallery of Modern Art. 
Reid was knighted in the 1970 Queen's Birthday Honours, and died in London aged 91.
Publications.
His publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="19603623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603623" title="300s BC (disambiguation)">
300s BC (disambiguation)

300s BC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19603696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603696" title="400s BC (disambiguation)">
400s BC (disambiguation)

400s BC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19603739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603739" title="Loukas Sideras">
Loukas Sideras

Lucas Sideras (; 5 December 1944, Athens), is the former drummer of the Greek progressive rock band Aphrodite's Child.
Biography.
Aphrodite's Child.
He started playing drums at the age of 13. By the time he was 15 years old he started playing drums with several bands in Athens. Later on he met Vangelis and Demis Roussos, they formed Aphrodite's Child. In 1967 they signed with Mercury Records in France and they release three albums: "End of the world" (which includes the song "Rain and Tears"), "It's Five O'Clock" and "666", the latter of which sold 20 million copies worldwide. 
After Aphrodite's Child split up in 1972, Lucas began to compose his own music and released his first solo album, "One Day" with Polydor-France, selling 28.000 copies. In 1974 Lucas released another solo album, "Pax Spray", that sold 45.000 copies.
Producer.
Sideras was also active as a producer. In 1975 he produced the album "Alba" for Riccardo Cocciante which hit #1 in Italy’s charts. In 1979 he produced the album "Love's Fool" for Sigma Fay, selling 75.000 copies. In 1981 he produced the album "Dead Line" for Sigma Fay, which sold 52.000 copies. In 1984 he produced the single "You're the Drug in My Life" for Sigma Fay, sold 34.000 copies.
Other projects.
In 1977 Sideras formed the group Ypsilon with Lakis Vlavianos and Dimitris Katakouzinos. They released an album "Morning Sunrise", which sold 75.000 copies and followed this in 1984 with "Alien child", which sold 60.000 copies. 
In 1987 he formed the blues-rock band Diesel with Sigma Fay and Yanis Drolapas. The band was together for ten years and appeared regularly as a live act and in jamming sessions but their sole release was the 1995 album "Diesel". Whilst with the band Sideras also composed music for several documentaries and advertisements in his studio.
In 2005 he formed the blues-rock band Los-Tres with Simos Kokavesis and Bary Zealy and they have appeared live numerous times. In 2008 Sideras released a solo album "Stay With Me" which he composed arranged and produced in his studio. The album was strongly influenced by World music.

</doc>
<doc id="19603794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19603794" title="Seán Keane (Irish politician)">
Seán Keane (Irish politician)

Seán Keane (14 September 1899 – 29 March 1953) was an Irish Labour Party politician and publican. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork East constituency at the 1948 general election and was re-elected at the 1951 general election. He died in office in 1953 and the by-election caused by his death was won by Richard Barry of Fine Gael.

</doc>
